RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das also expressed concern over the continuous rise in prices of essential commodities in India.
He said that Christmas brings a message of love, joy, hope, peace and mutual respect and more specially is to have compassion for people in need.
The funeral service will be held on 12.02.2022 at 2:00 PM at the Jowai Presbyterian Church, Chutwakhu, Jowai.
Because when the Executive has become an agent of the Court,” said the CEM of KHADC. it is not personal to appoint him because he brings together the chiefs of Khasi and Jaintia.
The Generation, Transmission and Distribution Department has been turned into a Corporation but all the powers have been retained.
Who doesn't respect the law?
He said that the government's goal now is to send the residents to set up SOPs, such as in areas where there are no markets, the Hima Mylliem has been directed to ensure that the shopkeepers follow. “Now it is no longer the responsibility of the government to ban the people from going outside, but it is the responsibility of the people to follow the SOPs such as wearing masks, social distancing. one.
Sunil Kumar Yadav was named Player of the Match for 58 runs for the loss of two wickets.
Every step there are many people who don't know how to drive, they spend their time teaching, but we know that such people who have walked the path of learning, easily They gradually learn and know better the laws and regulations to follow it.
“At that time I spoke in front of the media and questioned the error of the Roster System by giving an example.
The race was inaugurated by the Speaker of the House Dr Donkupar Roy in the afternoon.
This negligence of the Government of Meghalaya/NHIDCL to improve the road has caused the residents to face difficulties in eating pum pum. The reason for the pum pum is the large number of vehicles traveling 24 hours a day, said the Waheh Shnong Umkiang.
Priority Household (PHH) rice will be distributed at the rate of 5 kilos per head free of charge for rural and urban areas.
The list of Chairman, Co-Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Vice Chairman, Director and Adviser shows that there are more than 175 members.
In the Zone 1 Group A match at Umbuda Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi started the match by tied strongly for 6.57 runs per over and scored 184/8 in 28 overs.
She said that climate change has brought great harm to all living things, especially to human beings, whether it is gradually affecting or human beings have to face. no now too.
The clear message to the State Government and the Central Government is that they should speak clearly, Yes or No on the ILP so that the people of the state can understand how to proceed,” said Lambokstarwell Marngar.
On the other hand, the union led by Bah Bipul Thangkhiew President, together with members in the presence of the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnong Raid Nongtung, Bah B Sohtun President, Bah Alloysius Bina Secretary and others held a meeting. it wants to gather information on the boundary and villages in the area.
Therefore, the Niti Aayog, which looks after the country as a whole, not only in the states, has now understood that the needs of the indigenous people are important. There are those who are left behind and we must not forget the 200 million people in the country.
“I am surprised that the government has awarded the construction of the medical college project to the Kolkata company KPC Group.
Speaking to media, State Minister James PK Sangma said the new arrangement came after the Meghalaya High Court held a hearing on 9th June, for discussion on the amendment of Schedule B of these two Rules.
Another is to train children in various fields through trainings to start their own businesses such as farming and agriculture.
The Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, said that the Government will not be able to implement all the demands of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC).
Khliehmawlieh will play against Rangdajied for the title of the tournament which will be held again at the SSA Stadium Polo on Saturday, July 17,
Speaking on the occasion , the speakers also expressed many of the problems faced by the media due to the insult to the government including the non-payment of advertisement fees , the lack of assistance to the journalists when they face problems such as illness in their homes and other issues.
David said, “Of old hast thou laid the foundation of the earth; and the heavens are the works of thy hands” (Psalm 102:25).
Those who wish to provide support to approved TB patients can visit the NIKSHAY web portal (www.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul Sangma said that during his tenure as Prime Minister, I took care of the border issues, Assam has not yet responded to the letters I have sent.
This year's Durga Puja celebrations have ended without the celebration of Bijoya Dashami.
He also spoke about the information power of FM. The Prime Minister said the government continues to work for the opening up of technology.
In the evening, a specially decorated Independence Day cake in the shape of the Indian flag was cut and after this a special prayer was held by these children for the celebration of the 76th Independence Day. in India.
Shillong, March 7 : The Office of the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) in collaboration with the Office of the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) in collaboration with the Election Roll for the MLA Election 2023 has launched the Special Summary Revision (SSR) The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today held an Election Outreach Program (EOP) at Umpling.
In the second half, 7Wasa played well, with Burom Salahe scoring three goals in the 1st minute through a hat-trick. 47, 52 and 57 which gave the team victory.
Let us try to draw a picture of this group of slaves that we read about in the book of Exodus. , farmers and shepherds (ii) singers, tyngshops, purons and physical therapists (iii) scholars, intellectuals, writers, teachers, prophets, (iv) children, children, youth, women, men, parents and the elderly, the elderly and includes livestock, property and furniture such as money, clothes and other items related to culture or custom.
Most of the athletes are farmers from the eastern parts of Haryana and Punjab.
On the same day, a scooty collided with a Maruti car at the Umiam Flyover Bridge in which the driver of the scooty was seriously injured.
“I also urge you residents to understand that this scheme does not belong to anyone but is a public scheme implemented by the people.
Not only that, when the market is closed, but when the goods are brought, it cannot be opened without being found. In which those who sell kwai, tympew, jhur and many other kinds of goods continue to the Umshyrpi Bridge and it is a pity for the shopkeepers and it is also a part of the garbage, that they have to sitting on the street sides, just for spending their sales.
The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, has strongly criticized the government for its failure to evacuate the residents of Them Metor.
The party leader said that what happened was the party's security responsibility.
The Education Department is one of the departments that no one wants to take over, because it is a very difficult department to run.
The building collapsed suddenly without any signs or shaking which shows the lack of work and working hard just to get glory.
When asked about the allegations that the NPP and other parties in the MDA government are racist, Ampareen said that such an attitude should be rejected immediately and the people should be reminded. We must not be misled by social media and we must walk a clean path in spreading this message to the public with the support and cooperation of the leaders and employees. The NPP has been elected to the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
New Delhi, Nailur 19: The Congress party for the first time in 25 years will have a non-Gandhi family president, as two party leaders, Ashok Gehlot and Shashi Tharoor will contest the presidential election of the party.
All the RSs in Ri Khasi Jaintia have their power in their right hands.
Until now, there are many organizations which have not received skilled leaders because they have not received adequate training in public affairs.
Therefore, the STDS requests all the visitors from near and far to be supportive and cooperate in this arrangement so that the public work will be a success.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pala said that the NPP has lost the trust of the people, so the money they have already looted from the poor people has now had to buy people. “The NPP and the UDP are the same and the money they have looted has been bought by the people to vote for them. , they have to buy people to hold their election campaign, but the 2nd is the day to decide whether the people want to be looted or to get the khadar rule. not clean," he said.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Lai Lyngdoh Circle on Tuesday met with the Executive Engineer of Public Works Department (PWD) Nongstoin to express its concern over the deterioration of the Mawkaton Road. -Nongstoin and the damage to the bridge inside Mawkaton.
Religions do not want to reduce their numbers.
In the western parts of Kisumu and Homa Bay, the protesters blocked roads and roads around the areas and set fire to them as a sign of protest. strong opposition.
This has helped me a lot as a Khasi teacher of class X students.
To enrich the festival, the fans threw their own flags, banners, tupia, mufflers, badges, T-shirts along with dance and others to attract more people. opposite side.
These 10km races are held around the world, usually on Saturday near the 23rd.
The semi final match of the Under 17 girls category will be played between Iewrynghep Secondary School and Tyrsad Higher Secondary School at 10 pm. School will play against H.Elias Memorial Higher Secondary School at 11 pm.
The meeting was conducted by Bah PS Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District.
The death toll is expected to rise.
After the launch of the training, the opening ceremony was held by the Head-Capacity Building, CyberPeace Foundation, Dr. Rakshit Tandon, under the campaign #TrueCyberSafe.
She said that ‘Heart’ is associated with compassion, strong principles, strength of character and recognition of the good.
Jowai, Naitung 29: Fish farming is one of the activities that can increase the income of farmers, said scientists of the Indian Council for Agriculture Research (ICAR), Umiam.
Shillong, March 31: Three journalists were robbed by three journalists near Nan Polok at 10 pm this morning.
It was after this news that the college authorities decided to call for the second phase of the written test.
East Khasi Hills has 203 cases, West Garo Hills 24, West Khasi Hills 18, Ri Bhoi 15, East Garo Hills 7, East Jaintia Hills 4 and West Jaintia Hills
The committee will be headed by Babu RR Ronghang as Chairman while Babu Kular Khongjirem as Secretary, said JACATAM Chairman ED Nongsiang.
After the meeting, the reporter also had the opportunity to talk to Bah Nongsiej and when asked whether he has any intention to join any party, Bah Nongsiej said that he has no intention of joining any party. He did not say whether he would join the party but he said he would vote for the Riewlum parties.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that one person has lost his life in this incident. To extinguish the flames, the police had to use File Balls.
It is to be recalled that on the 6th of July, a similar incident happened in the nearby area when a group of Ardent M Basaiawmoit had gone to stand from Malki Square to the Secretariat at 10:00 pm. Today, it was learned that 10 policemen were injured in the stone throwing by the crowd and 5 of them were female policemen, but no It is not known how many people were injured.
Apporlet Shabong June 15, 2020 The outbreak of Covid-19 or Coronavirus, has severely affected the livelihood of the players of the football clubs of the state.
Bah Khongsit said that the Minister of Urban Affairs, has said that the reason why the government has not been able to implement these garbage dumps is because of the Covid-19 pandemic. The department will open these offices in Marten this month.
The report requested by the union is on four issues including the NHAI's road maintenance in East Jaintia Hills District. and the provision of the NHAI to maintain the road in accordance with the schedule, means or objectives of the NHAI to make the road safe for traffic during the implementation of the work to repair the road so that the traffic on the NH-6 will not be disrupted.
The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress has launched the Meghalaya Youth Empowerment Card, which will provide financial assistance to youth up to Rs 1,000 per month and Rs 12,000 per annum if the TMC comes to power in the upcoming elections. .
Nongpoh: Receiving a complaint from the residents of Mawlyndep area, who have complained about the construction of the road from Lad Umsaw to Mawlyndep, which is about 10 km long, Leaders of the HYC Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday, inspected the road, where they found the truth that many parts of the road, which has just been constructed, has been damaged and the color that was just cleaned was gone.
Regarding the Exit Point, Lambokstar said that according to the DC, although earlier they had visited one of the areas under 12 Mer, but due to opposition from the DC, the residents, which has caused the work to be delayed and to find a place elsewhere.
At the same time, the JSU understands that if the students do not attend classes and continue their studies, the JSU will take strong action.
The father of two children, who lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, regarding the failure of his two daughters to take the examination, just because he did not you can pay school fees, for two months.
A Khar from Assam, Pir, who was brought by SW Rymbai in 2011, confirmed that he had a valuable land in Lum Murok, but the office of the Syiem of Jirang, said that he did not. work remains in the imagination and still do not know whether it exists or not.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Karbi Hemtu in Shillong, the Minister said, “With a purpose in mind, we have taken this opportunity to sit together and discuss the current situation and issues. to come and how the government can move forward".
The group wants more land for the project and also to extend the lease from 30 years to 99 years and also to increase the tuition fees.
Father Stan has been fighting tirelessly for the implementation of the Fifth Schedule and the establishment of a Tribes Advisory Council in which the Adivasis themselves will be members so that they can protect, preserve and develop the Tribes Advisory Council. their lives within the State.
“This means only those companies which it has called for tender earlier to implement the project.
Namdong PHC which should have been upgraded to CHC since 2012 and Khanduli sub center to PHC but unfortunately nothing has been done until this year.
The Minister said that the stadium will be cleaned with plastic instead of plastic so that the stadium will be in accordance with the International Standards of FIFA. The JN Stadium will be upgraded before November
You can't just have a thurmur like you used to do all the time.
However, if we want to live separately, without conflict with other ethnic groups of India, we have to rethink all these things.
The exhibition was inaugurated by the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem in the presence of the Ministers of Mylliem Hima including the Minister of Industry, Minister of Industry, K. Langstieh, Minister of Finance, Minister of Finance, MB Kharlukhi. pastors, elders and church leaders from Mawlai and Shillong Ri-Lum Presbyterian.
Roy, who came from Tripura, told reporters that the need before him is to improve the traffic in Shillong.
Therefore, to avoid all these problems, love is essential in life.
Dr. DD Lapang as the chief guest congratulated the management of the school, as well as the teachers and staff.
“Not a single teacher is against this.
On the other hand, the youth applicants have been demanding and requesting the government to increase the age of application to 30 years.
Therefore, the residents of the villages should follow the rules and regulations of the villages because as we have seen in the articles that in this Phot Umnew it is no longer allowed to come to Saturday or Sum with the use of soap or even to break. spread the garbage.
“I want to continue to meet and work together for the sake of the Jaitbynriew. I want you to allow me to sing a song from the Christian church. turn to God to remember our beloved country” and before speaking he sang a verse of this song, “Remember the Khasi country, The old way; After these verses, Bah Ardent began his speech.
According to him, they need to play a certain tune when they attend the event.
The meeting was led by Bah P Kharngi, Headmaster and prayed by Rev N Lymba, welcome speech by Tymmen Basan H Kharumnuid. The school was formed by the leaders of the Thynroit Women's Assembly.
Reela lyngdoh (mother) Shri.Rikut parent (husband) Miss.
The MP said that he has tried to invite Bollywood filmmakers to shoot films so that the village will be known to the world because of the beauty of the village and the state itself. Meghalaya is more beautiful than Kashmir.
For example, in the Basistha-Khanapara area, the Chief Commissioner emphasized that “the boundary should be fixed for the sake of Khadar rule...and that no part of the Khasi Hima should be established. in Kamrup and another part in the Khasi Hills, but for the sake of security of administration the Foreign Government is willing to place the entire Khasi Hima under Kamrup...it may also be that the Deputy Commissioners under the authority of They shall exchange lands between the Syiems or between any Syiem and the Foreign Government and the Chief Commissioner shall be ready to confirm this.
Shillong, July 05 : Thousands of people have attended the first public meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) Shella Block on Friday at Umkhabaw, one of the villages in the area. on the border with Bangladesh.
They have only built a small room and I will never take this home,” Kumaraswamy told reporters in Chandraki.
The age of the young men and women who can participate must be between 18 and 35 years old.
At the same time, the CEM said that the Council has decided to work with the state government this time to hold the Monolith Festival again in November this year.
He said that the MDA government has a priority goal to improve the quality of health care in the state by improving the health facilities and equipment required by all government health facilities. .
Mawkyrwat, Lber 18: U Bah T. Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner (EL) of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat today held a meeting with political parties at the DRDA Hall, Mawkyrwat. District, Mawkyrwat regarding the preparation for the General Election 2024 to the Lok Sabha to be held on the 19th June,
The HSPDP will not rise or fall, but will win one by one.
The heat of the sun, the cold, the dryness of the nature and the pum-pum while the sky is still bright while the darkness and the sudden coldness of the sudden rainfall. .
The VDP of Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Chnong requests everyone to cooperate for the sake of peace and order in the village.
During the search, 307 boxes of soap were found containing powder weighing 3.99 kilos.
Perhaps if there is no strong opposition from the Sengbhalang on that day, it will be a great opportunity for Star Cement to win the Public Hearing.
Mayven said that the problems of the youth in today's society are unemployment, drug abuse, decline in human values, violence against the authorities. who are trying to eradicate civilization and poverty.
He congratulated the entire team of MHSSP and hoped that there will be more projects to strengthen the services of the health department.
The scheme was supervised and implemented by Mynjurlang Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Village Water and Sanitation Committee. implement.
My health is fine, but I went to stay in the hospital because the doctors advised me to.
Although Sri Lanka are currently fifth in the table and Ireland 10th, they are struggling to qualify for the 2024 tournament. .
He said that Ri-Bhoi District is one of the famous places in the production of various varieties including Sohtrun and that is why the government has taken special care. to Ri Bhoi, with the aim of setting up a Food Processing Unit, which will also enable the farmers to set up their own businesses, because through this Food Processing Unit, the farmers will be able to produce a variety of beverages. from Sohtrun and from other kinds of soh.
They beat East Khasi Hills Cricket Association by 21 runs on Tuesday at Nongpyndeng, West Khasi Hills.
On this occasion, the students were also trained not to bring to school any toys, mobile phones, tobacco products and others. Members of BAMJH in the presence of the Principal of the school, Rihun Toi and teachers.
On this occasion, there were also many women, children and children from Iapmala and neighboring villages. there was such a resort in the area that would be a source of hope for all the communities of the area.
He said that the road is also an important issue in this area.
The driver of the Prius pulled out from the stop sign directly in front of a tractor/trailer and as a result the Prius was broadsided.
The police who had searched Darangagre rushed to Kherapara Police Station and were able to talk to the three men.
The residents of Tyrso, Umtngam, Umsohmatan and Birsiej villages have strongly opposed the arrival of the coal trucks.
David was welcomed by the President of the UDP in the state, Bah Khlur Lyngdoh in the presence of other leading BJP leaders. He said that there is a lot of corruption in this country, and the BJP is the only political party that fights against corruption, and this is the reason why he chose the BJP as the party. your new family.
For Ri Bhoi, Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister, Roads, etc. was elected as the Chairperson. etc, Mr. Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh Constituency, Mr. Jambor War, Executive Member, KHADC (District), Mr. Rangkynsai Kharbuki, MDC, KHADC Official, Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District Member Convenor.
It is also very difficult for the people to meet the leaders or even to talk on the phone to express their problems because they cannot just take the phone calls of the small towns.
The Court will also seek the opinion of the Government of India on the issue of the powers of the Chief Executive Members, said a statement from Ma C Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Dorbar ki Daloi of Jaintia Hills. Jowai.
Jowai: The students of Kiang Nangbah Government College have expressed their concern over the increase in the cost of their examination fees.
The DC's office has urged the residents of the area to go to any registration center to get their Adhaar.
The Exit Poll has shown that the NPP will get 18-24 seats, the Congress 6-12 seats, the BJP 4-8 seats, the UDP 8-12 seats, the TMC 5-8 seats and other parties. There are no constituencies.
Customize:In the funeral service, the Khasi Christian buries the body of the deceased and is buried by the Pastor or the Priest.
“I'm more happy in February, Mom,” he said. “It depends on your personal feelings,” said the mother. “Number 3, I don't like you,” said Marchborn. mother“Hopefully this new car will make a lot of money.
The festival aims to acknowledge the success of the rapid change in the leadership of women in the marketing of Lakadong shynrai.
“As you know, in 2004, hundreds of Pnars fled to Sahsniang under Laskeiñ C&RD Block, West Jaintia Hills District for fear of their lives. Karbi rebels, who torture by demanding money and shooting dead Pnars for minor reasons,” said the Seng.
According to sources, the union has strongly condemned the employers who employ and bring in these foreigners without proper documents, especially in such a situation. The outbreak of Covid 19 has started to spread again in Meghalaya.
He said that the establishment of the Legal Service Authority is one of the objectives of the government to ensure that the people should not be discriminated against and should get a fair trial and equality of opportunity. get a judgment before the law.
On the other hand, the former President of NEHUTA, Prof. Xavier P. Mao said that the duty of the Government should immediately is to look after those residents who have fled and urged the authorities to They should stop working underground completely to incite and set fire to society.
Myrboh also scored the fourth goal in the 79th minute.
New Delhi, Nailur, 05: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu on Tuesday awarded teachers awards to teachers from across the country at a function held at Vigyan Bhavan, New Delhi on the occasion of special day of Teachers.
However, if the farmers' dorbars are held in their own districts, it will be easier, better and more understandable.
The Sutnga Hima (also known as the Jaintia Hima) as one of the most prominent Khasi Himas, has been in conflict with the British Government since the 19th century. 1774 year.
The group has decided to seek information through RTI to find out how far the project has been implemented and how much money has been released or withdrawn by the contractor who has become a politician.
At the same time, Laitphar said that the party has already understood that if the Government does not do anything on this issue, it will have no choice but to take a decision. hard.
“Ampareen has no right to discourage the people who trust the PILs filed before the Supreme Court, because Ampareen has not filed a PIL against the CAA in the Supreme Court,” he said. he added.
The KSU CEC under the leadership of Assistant Education Secretary Shelkitbok Kharbani has submitted a petition to the Minister.
“The auction of coal is in accordance with the order of the court against illegal coal trucks arrested and seized by the police or district authorities, not the coal that has already been mined worth 32 lakh rupees. MT said the government is preparing to auction according to the NGT's directive.
Shillong, Naitung 17: Many foreigners send their children to Shillong to study but people from this state send them to other places.
The Leading Manar announced the progress of the Circle and the leaders of the Circle were also honoured.
Even the MLAs, MDCs, Syiems, Sordars and others will be surprised after all the works have been completed and the Meghalaya land has entered Assam.
On the complaint that many people have not received the vaccine, Tynsong said that those people who have complained are because they have not checked the slots, where they have not yet received the vaccine. However, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, to avoid overcrowding at the vaccination centres, will notify the registered persons of the time and date to receive the vaccine.
“Holy night! "Once again the Christmas season has come and the year 2020 was a memorable Christmas.
Rangdajied had a chance to score through Aiborlang Khongjee who headed the ball but Mawkhar SC goalkeeper Banshanskhem Kharsyntiew managed to score.
The residents are angry, unhappy and protest because the Soskular has nothing but to auction their land to Assam.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) War Jaintia Circle has demanded that the government should immediately set up a Lay Bay Market in Amlarem. division, to assist farmers and entrepreneurs to sell their products in Amlarem Sub Division.
He said that he wants to see that the company when it comes here not only as a company or people who come here just to benefit but he wants to see them to work together in the state.
The Court said that there are three phases of tender projects including Rilbong to Mylliem Marbaniang 11.6 km, Mylliem Marbaniang to Wahlyngkhat 26.55 km, Wahlyngkhat to Siatbakon 8 km and Siatbakon 8 km. The distance from Wahkdait to Tamabil is about 17.77 km and from Wahkdait to Tamabil Dawki is about 7.99 km.
The party has not yet announced how many seats it will contest in the 2023 Assembly elections.
The MDC said that the people of these villages including Khanduli, Lapangap, Mookoiram and Artiang Sanphaw have been tortured by the people of Assam even though they have sufficient documents to prove that the land is owned by the people of Assam. They are still within the state of Meghalaya through the recognition of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
Know where such acts of violence will lead.
The project will run until 2023 and 400 villages will be selected to benefit from the project.
The award winners include SD Khongwir, Rangbah Shnong of Mawdatbaki, BR Kharmujai, Rangbah of Umjaiur, Klose Khyriem, Rangbah of Mawkynroh-Umshing. Longshai Nongkhlaw and former Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Umthlong, Bah K.Mylliem.
In the women's category, in Group-A, Dkhiah (East Jaintia Hills District), Nongstoin (West Khasi Hills District), Nongpoh (Ri Bhoi District); They are Mawsynram, Jowai and Mawkyrwat.
“The only thing I want to say here is that this is the first time that the Chief Ministers have taken action and worked hard on the I don't see other prime ministers taking action like the prime ministers now”.
They also requested the EM to immediately revoke the order and the EM promised to take action.
In the 62nd minute, Aibiang Nongneng scored the third goal of the match.
It has allocated T.1088.9 crore for five years.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Bah Y.Suchiang.
She concluded by saying that the land and crops are still under consideration, the value of the land owners and the rights of the rightful land owners to get their rights as was appropriated by the government.
Two of these members, including the woman, are currently in hospital.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle has lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) after receiving the reply from the RTO. This is a great challenge for the Khasi people.
During the Age of Christ and His 33-year public life, He taught and enlightened all people to the thoughts and principles of the Father.
The SHRC, on June 27, 2023, observed in connection with the collection of reports, in which it was announced that there have been many cases of violence against women across the city, especially the There shall be no inhabited areas or abandoned places where they are used daily by drug addicts.
"The social agreement could have been a memorable day but the prime minister who should have been involved has not been informed, and this does not show the pride of the government," she told reporters.
The group demanded that the government should turn first to the local newspapers to join hands.
The Sub Center at Tyrsad was inaugurated by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong in the presence of MLA Eugeneson Lyngdoh and the Sub Center at Thynroit was inaugurated by Banteidor Lyngdoh. Minister of Agriculture, Rural Development and Sports in the presence of MDC Bah MN Mukhim.
Therefore, it is necessary to improve the working methods as out of the 55 Block, only 41 Block have been established.
It was a shocking incident for Banshem, a bomb thrower, when he was able to teach bomb throwing to the Prime Minister this morning at Mawphlang.
In this regard, I am not speaking to take sides with anyone or to condemn anyone but to discuss my opinion especially before the election.
“Those who think only to make money don't have time to think carefully about the foundation of the nation, even though the nation is in the middle of the night, they try to take advantage to make money especially those traders. who don't understand the progress of the work,” said Bah Syiem.
Mawkyrwat, June 14: The Mawkyrwat Fishing Association (MFA) today strongly condemned the killing of fish in the area of ​​Phot Umnew, Phot Mawpon and Wahsala. the actions of the wicked who have done this without thinking of the death of living things and especially the life of human beings.
Shillong: Bamkhne FC have reached the final of the 1st Mookbu Knock Out Tournament 2019 after beating Mynsngat FC 4-0
He also alleged that without consulting him as the Working President, Michael Kharhunai, who joined the party in 2019, was appointed as Secretary just because Michael and the former President were present. The same company has not been appointed to the Executive Committee of the district.
Those who are still undergoing treatment are Jumonlang Suchiang and her 11 month old son and Ribaitki Shadap who is currently in critical condition at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
He said that the Shad Sukra was held before the planting of phniang seeds in the fields as a sign of thanksgiving to the Mother Nature who has provided food and drink to the villagers.
These, along with the indigenous people, are one of the main drivers of income in the state.
“The party is also pleased that the youth are willing to join the party as soldiers of the nation, because the foundation of the party is to protect and protect the interests of the people. “It's a very difficult situation,” said Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
On this occasion, there was also a tree planting ceremony and a visit to the site of the construction of the reservoir.
This is a decrease in the number of houses compared to last year when there were 489 houses that were destroyed and many of them were unsafe.
Sylvester Mylliempdah scored 127 runs off 83 balls and took 10 wickets to win the man of the match title.
The deterioration of this road in Anjali has been going on for months, due to the government's lack of attention to repair this road and has caused a lot of trouble to the vehicles.
Bah Ardent said that the meeting with MEPA was very pleasant and fruitful, in which he explained what he meant by his speech on that day.
The court has sentenced Managing Director of Vikash Metal and Power Ltd (VMPL) Vikash Patni to four years imprisonment and another, Anand Mallick. Patni has been fined T.25 lakh. Mallick was fined T.2 lakh and the company was fined T.1 lakh.
Because they have been blinded by some external force, they don't understand anymore and they have forgotten that a clean marriage is like a cancer to the country. and the Khasi nation as a whole, because from the clean marriage we have been deprived of the right to constitution in our nation.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan on Friday met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah and Superintendent of Police, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, at the residence of Sylvester Nongtnger. at the Raj Bhavan.
The improvement in the training of the youth in many fields other than education, is really helping them to understand their potential and to work hard in their talents.
The death toll in India has risen to 480 with 28 deaths on Saturday and 500 new cases. The total number of cases in the country has risen to 14,378, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
“It is the policy of the government to imprison one person for up to 10 years when crime is increasing,” he said.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 12: Member of Parliament (MP) from the All India Trinamool Congress Party (AITC), Dereck O. Brien on Saturday visited Mawkyrwat, South. The meeting was held at Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat, Mawkyrwat District today to campaign for the election of the AMTC candidate from the 36th constituency. South West Khasi Hills District.
Secondary School, Amlarem.
According to information received, in Lum Khasi-Jaintia, there are only a few constituencies with two candidates but almost all the constituencies have only one candidate.
“It’s a tough time coming back from injury at this point of the season.
He was arrested from Pohkseh and Dkhar collected up to T.1500 from each truck carrying goods over the border, by allowing them to pass through the bridge.
BTS star Jungkook has confirmed the day with the song “Dreamer”.
In parts of the Jowai By-Pass, the damage has been severe and has affected the vehicles due to the overcrowding of the wells and the flooding of the wells.
Another training given to the farmers in the village was on how to make medicines such as Lacto Acid Bacteria (LAB) and Indigenous Micro Organisms (IMO).
Hamletson Dohling made this promise at the re-election meeting of the PDF Nongstoin Zonal Committee. He said that when he looked at the allocation of funds from the previous government in relation to the The development of Nongstoiñ town is very poor so he decided to increase the amount of money so that it will be of benefit to the residents of Nongstoiñ town.
Shillong: Police have arrested four robbers for robbing a petrol pump known as Raja Fuel Pump in Pomshutia.
The program was opened by a song by Bah Maurice Lyngdoh.
Chau Van Kham was charged with involvement in the Vietnam War and sentenced to 12 years in prison and has been in prison since November
East Jaintia Hills Police had arrested three persons on the 13th, one from Ivory Coast and two Nigerians.
The body of a Class VIII student at Little Star Secondary School near Langtor School was recovered by him.
Why? Because man was created in the image of God from the spirit.
Bah Sokon spoke and advised his mother and children to love and equalize Bhalang, who is the bakha trai, the son of the Niakha trai.
This situation has greatly undermined the dignity of the society, the country and the nation as a whole.
He praised and encouraged the teachers to work harder to improve the quality of education in the area.
The meeting was held at the Infinity Conference Hall, Mooralong.
All the states in the North East have taken the same decision as announced by the Central Government.
Meghalaya came fourth in the medal tally with 36 gold, 35 silver and 78 bronze medals.
Those who created and prepared this new OM should take responsibility with the government if anything unfortunate happens from this confusion to the people,” said Samla Lambokstar.
Amita Sangma, on the other hand, has filed a complaint in the High Court, saying she wants the CBI to investigate into the shooting of her and Agnes in Sohshrieh.
Furthermore, Clause B-6 of the OM states that 'After each application period, the Reservation Roster shall be registered clearly stating that they belong to Khasi and Jaintia, Garo, other Schedule Tribes and Schedule Castes and also to keep a detailed count of the posts that have not yet been filled, in order to move forward in the application process in the coming years.
He said that if the government through the Prime Minister does not want to meet and listen to their demands, they will hold a stronger protest on Friday. Head of the Secretariat, Mr. Mayborn.
They also urged the clubs like Nangbah Iawmusiang, Mosalyngkat, Sohmynting, Sabahmuswang, Mukhla Evergreen, Wahiajer, Luti Tuber Social Welfare, Demthring, Mookyndur, Khliehiongriang, Shangpung Moosyiem and Dulong to take action on this issue.
" Referring to the North Shillong constituency as an ‘unpolished diamond’, Dr War said, “We have got the economy in my constituency right from Iewduh up to Khyndailad and we need to polish this and shine again like a diamond.
Do not allow small children to stand or play near streams, ponds, ponds, lest they fall into the water.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) will hold an emergency meeting of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) to discuss the UDP and PDF's support to the NPP and BJP to form a new government.
When the accident happened, the people who found the incident, tried to help the driver and follower of the gas truck, who rushed them to Nongpoh Civil Hospital, but The driver of the truck, Achik Barbuyia, died shortly after arriving at the hospital, while the passenger, Sunil Nath, was still in the hospital. you are being treated.
Efty United XI SC Mynsoo, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 243/8 in 35 overs.
“I don't know how to explain human nature anymore.
Through this festival, the SDO (Civil) of Sohra believes that the dreams and visions of Myllung Soso Tham through his writings for the world to come, will awaken and help us to learn. to reshape our nation to live and walk on the path of natural rights without drowning the past in the dark.
Guwahati: The deletion of the name of the city of Kimin in Arunachal Pradesh and showing that it falls within the border of Assam has sparked anger among various political parties. The four organizations today lodged a complaint against Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu and Sports Minister Kiren Rijiju.
The air pollution during such times in Mumbai was between 2.5 and 10 microns (PM2.5 and PM10).
We respect each and every citizen of the state and we don't believe that the people will be bought with money because if we are bought with money, whoever buys us will be bought back with his voice. public will be set.
In fact, the Tharia Wah Rew Festival was held in 1984 by the Hima Sohra and the Shnong Ryngud to preserve and commemorate the relationship between the Sohpieng market but it has disappeared for decades, said the Sordar Shnong. Row.
PARKING 5: There is no parking lot at Parish Ladrymbai.
The HITO met with the Engineer of PWD Shangpung Division on 23rd June and informed him that the bridge needs to be repaired at the place where it will connect to the road to ensure safe traffic.
James K Sangma, Minister in charge of Revenue, has introduced the Meghalaya Settlement of Arrears Bill, 2020 in the House. The amendment, after receiving an explanation from the Minister, was withdrawn and the House passed the Bill.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 05: The State Youth President of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) Bah Kitborlang Nongrem on Tuesday said that the statement of the Voice of People Party (VPP) Spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Marboh is not appropriate. long that does not sit down.
Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of Mylliem, said, “We expect that the Lamphang should be neutral to all the members, to give equal opportunity to all without partiality and that is why we have not nominated a candidate. .
He said that the issue will be brought up and discussed before Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs, who will visit Shillong on 23rd July 2021, so that it can be discussed. There will be those who live within the border, who from time to time face problems or persecution in other states.
During the march, placards were carried demanding severe punishment for the robbers, speedy trial and punishment for these three persons.
Sources said that there has been an agreement between Bah DD Lapang and Salseng Marak in which the two have agreed that if there is a change of Chief Minister in the state, Bah Lapang will be the Chief Minister. who was ready to surrender to Salseng.
According to the book, it is understood that the great man stayed in Shillong for about 20 days and during his stay he met with the great man of the Khasi Hills, Babu Jeebon Roy. He was the founder of the Seng Khasi in
He said that this road is related to law and order and the PWD department should seek information from the district administration.
These residents started in the morning and decided to stay until nightfall if the government does not intervene to resolve the issue.
Replying to a question on the Congress party's inability to do anything, Jakhar said the party would be defeated in Punjab and soon the Indian coalition would be severely affected.
In addition, there will be special monitors who can measure BP, body weight and others.
Goyal said that in East Khasi Hills, no incident occurred during the curfew.
It is understood that the teachers will discuss many issues such as the need for the government to take over the teaching profession or provincialisation, the lack of education policy and others.
He said that at present there are only three herbal tribes in India, one is the Central Indian Tribe, the Northeast Indian Tribe and the Southern Indian Tribe.
According to the agreement reached in the talks between the Government of Assam and the Government of Meghalaya, it is to maintain the status quo in the past years and not to interrupt any development works if brought from both sides.
Fortunately, there is a Jesus who is ready to help and lighten the burdens of people.
Shillong, July 15: U MLA of Mawlai Constituency and teacher of St Anthony's College, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang on Tuesday expressed his confidence that he will be with the VPP. The government has appealed to the High Court (HC) of Meghalaya against the HC's decision to allow college teachers to take part in politics without having to leave. I'm going to work.
This method of adopting and enacting the necessary laws is the method which the Government of India has long allowed by law to follow this custom, as exemplified in the Adaptation of Laws, Order
He said many countries in the world are taking care to protect the environment by planting many trees and to stop destroying the environment, because they understand that without the environment mankind would not have life.
This may be due to the lack of village or government law enforcement agencies as well.
Shillong: The meeting of the Sordars and Secretaries of Mawryngkneng Block, which was held today, at Mawryngkneng Village, today decided to oppose the decision of the Cabinet. of the Government of Meghalaya which has allowed the free trade of alcohol in the state through the “Alcohol Home Delivery.
“However, at such a time, the NSCN-IM is trying by all means to delay this soskular by raising the issue of a separate flag for Nagaland and also the customs. “They are aware of the intentions of the Government of India,” said a statement from Ravi.
Now we know that we are living in the last days, it is time for each of us to turn to God and change our minds before the great tribulation enters the world.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The State Government has decided to sign a new Public-Private Partnership (PPP) mode for the construction of the long awaited Shillong Medical College.
“We have been blessed through students who deserve the best opportunity, not only in terms of strengthening the education system and improving their quality of life in all side," he said.
The proposed mining site from Brishyrnot is not far from the Lukha River and the Eco Sensitive Zone and this will affect the biodiversity in the Narpuh Forest as the factories use explosives to mine coal. “They are against the mining in the village,” said Daiapher Lamare.
And now we see that things are near the end.
Are we prepared for the precious soul? Because it is not enough to have these signs above, we need to purify our hearts and souls so that they should be clean and one by one, we must cleanse ourselves of all the evil habits that we have been fighting against. and to live a new life and to help the poor and needy by acts of charity. Thus, our preparation for Christmas is in vain because the Lord Jesus Christ wants our hearts to be pure and clean. also want to enter and dwell in our hearts and souls.
In West Bengal, the ruling Trinamool Congress has defeated the Left party in three constituencies and has won 31 constituencies out of 42 seats in the state. this is the State.
It is worth mentioning that since the building of the SSA School in Khliehumwang, has been destroyed by the Assam Police, the school has not received any assistance from the Assam Police for more than 10 years. State Government and that is in relation to the repair or improvement of the dormitories for the students.
Speaking on the blockade by the police who went to the Secretariat to remind the government and ministers of their demand due to the government's enforcement of Section 144 CrPC by the DC. U Bah Roykupar said that what the DC has done is illegal because the people want to “We want to ask this government since when has there been a law that we need permission to meet with the ministers or leaders whom they have already elected,” he said. “If the government and our elected representatives cannot make laws, it is our duty to implement the laws. we hope”.
Now, she is afraid, she is afraid, when such a thing will happen, when no one can imagine what a plague like this will happen. Whoever has ever dreamed that such a day would come, where it would be impossible to stand nearby, even in the villages, in the villages, it would be impossible to walk around. without wearing a mask, this is the age when even if you can breathe clean air, you can't ring it again. .
JOWAI: The theme of the Rong Kba (Rice Festival) is that the future depends on the seeds.
Many of the people on this day also decided to re-elect Bah Sosthenes Sohtun as MLA of Jirang Constituency for many reasons to bring about changes in the area.
They were indeed Ministers of Defense and Ministers of Finance.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Kick Start Football Coaching Center team together with Synroplang 77 have won the Shillong Sports Association's Women's League on Sunday.
Then he went to the fish market, the jhur market and so on. He went to the market and came back to Mothpran (RB Store), where he left at 1 pm.
During the inspection, the committee was surprised to see that the project has not started even after the work has been awarded to the Chennai company Chennai Abattoir in collaboration with the state company headed by Bah Rishan Rapsang was born in
Speaking on the occasion, Dr RC Laloo said that this day is a special day to remember the struggle of our ancestors for a full state.
“People are wrong in Meghalaya.
Therefore, it is necessary to include vegetables such as Palong, Salat, Phul Jyrngam and other leafy vegetables.
This issue has already been discussed by the CEM during his inspection of the market in the past few months but these measures or whether the CCTV cameras have been installed including the street lights in the market. place.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 1183 new cases of Covid-19 in the state today.
However, if he says that many of the Assam border villages in Ri Bhoi and the whole of Western Ri Bhoi go to Assam once a day, then we cannot just count the dew thala or despise the nongong.
Therefore, when many times he was offered to become a king under the jurisdiction of the French Government, he rejected them all by saying, “It is better to die as a Paitkar than to live as a slave king”.
He said that after this, the Training Officer apologized to the Waheh Shnong for not thinking that the incident would happen.
However, those RCC stalls have not been increased to 100 percent.
Secretariat" he said.
Saibun Dkhar Vice President EJNC said that many electricity posts have almost collapsed in Jalyiah and Khliemyntriang and urged MeECL to inspect and repair these posts immediately. boarding.
She also expressed her concern and regret that there are still MLAs who are still holding the post of teachers, even after being elected as legislators for more than 10 years, where it should be clear who those people are. .
Therefore, he expected the people to see better days when they will see water tanks in every household and this is the decision and intention of the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India to bring about development in the community.
Earlier, Bah B.Syiem, Vice Principal and Convener of the Library Advisory Committee, Shillong College, said that the library is an important part of the life of the students and also explained the services. of libraries from the digital advancement in this age.
The flag raising ceremony was part of the 75th Independence Day celebrations or the “Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav” and the government has urged the citizens of the country to just connect.
This is where the wise saying goes 'example is better than teaching'
Before handing over the lists to the Election Agents, a short speech was delivered by Bah Diengdoh, who explained that the release of the lists of lists is in accordance with the directives of the Election Commission of India, after the BLOs. They have completed the collection of names from each village and submitted them to the District Election Branch of the District, for processing and inclusion in the electoral roll.
Mawkordor Kharsyiemlieh President of the WYF said that the three organizations strongly condemn the behavior of the company Tantia Limited and some of the employees together with the manager Nick. Harnett, Bah Be, who tried to forcefully reconcile Lukas Shangpliang to avoid being involved in the three political parties who accepted the complaint of Lukas Shangpliang.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, General Secretary of the AMPSTA, Bah FC Shullai, said that the teachers welcome the order of the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) to sit for the examination again. .
At the same time he joined All India Radio.
Manipur scored 257 runs before being bowled out in the first innings but Meghalaya put them behind by tied 467/10 – Kevin Christopher scored 155 runs, including Nishanta Chakraborty (66), Aman Kumar (65) and PM Santhosh (51) scored half centuries.
Carol Christians are closed; Foreign tourists are open, They say they are protecting against Covid-19.
Warit said that a complaint has been lodged with the Deputy Commissioner, but nothing has been resolved.
The General Secretary of EKHLTWA, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, said, “The Prime Minister should address this incident to discuss and not appeal to the law because it is an incident of serious mistake. Section 307 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Welcoming the donors, Bah DP Wahlang, IAS, who is also the Chief Secretary, said, “Along with adequate infrastructure, good connectivity, the desire to set up their own businesses , and the government's commitment to provide support, will encourage and motivate the entrepreneurial spirit of and assist the people of Meghalaya.
Replying to the construction of the dome, the Lamphang said that all the debris from the collapse has been cleaned and the marking of the building has been in progress.
In the year 2016-17, 785 public hearings on bank relations were conducted by various banks in the state.
Of these, 18 cases have been confirmed from Golaghat, six from Kokrajhar, five from Karimganj, two from Tinsukia and Sivasagar and one from Jorhat and Dhemaji.
Speaking on the occasion, PK Boro as the chief guest congratulated the SHGs in the District which have been increasing day by day. the idea of ​​working hard until you can become an entrepreneur.
There are also those who have been fined for driving without wearing slippers because the law does not comply with the Motor Vehicle Act.
Replying to the allegations by the opposition that the NPP has deceived the people for the border issue, Conrad said, “If we have deceived the people of the state, no one will leave them. It is up to the opposition to ask what they have done and what they have done”.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, the DGP said the meeting will also be attended by the Minister of Home Affairs, the Chief Secretary and other government officials to discuss the issue.
“We request the Minister in charge of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, that we know that you are a Christian and most of those in the Cabinet are also children. Christians, we believe you understand exactly what this Sunday is,” said Kong Phawa.
“Tirot Singh was a great man of the Khasi people, he made a great contribution to the independence struggle of India against the foreign rule,” said Meghwal.
There is also a public outcry against violence.
They should take this work as a service and not as a selfish one.
Hundreds of students of the college took part in the protest carrying placards demanding the salary increase of the morning shift teachers, the opening of the girls hostel. .
The injured are currently being treated at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Imphal: Tragic incidents have happened in Manipur in the past few months; However, today, there has been another shocking incident and that is, the resignation letter of the Chief Minister of the state, has also been rejected.
He said that through the Saubhagya Scheme, only 1546 households have been electrified out of the 2211 households allocated due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The new houses will be built through the Revamp Distribution Sector Scheme.
“The tourism industry in the state will be a way to boost the income of the state and also the economic development for the state,” he added.
Hasina Kharbhih, leader of the Impuls NGO Network, said that those who have been arrested in these days are children and said, “It is not the dress”. Kharbhih agreed that the power of the internet is another factor that corrupts the minds of young people these days.
The purpose of online classes is good and beneficial especially when schools are closed, but the problem with online classes is that many students especially those who live in rural areas are not There are many children whose parents work hard to send them to school, but if they have to take online classes, many of their parents They cannot send their children to this class because of lack of income, only the school fees and book fees of their children are paid by the poor parents with great difficulty, because they want to their children shall also have a bright future which is the right of their children.
“If you win, we will open another government college in this area, a higher secondary in this area for the benefit of the people. crown will be won," he said.
During the meeting, issues related to health and strengthening of the security force to 1500 personnel were also discussed.
Not only that, it was reported that recently, during the Christmas celebration, a group of Khasi youths, who went to Wah Umngot, Dawki, but were detained at the police station in Dawki. They went to disturb the place where many churches were gathered together.
Another 185 people have been discharged from hospitals after recovering from the disease.
The incident occurred at the Forest Check-gate (of the Forest Department of the Government of Assam) and is about 10 kilometers away from Mukroh.
The Central Government has defended the scheme saying that only legal funds have been donated to political parties through the channels to be followed according to the directives of the banks.
The incidence of obesity in children is evident among those who are overly obese according to age, height and age risk.
And there were many others who had the same experience.
Referring to the employment creation, the Chief Minister said that more than 2,000 entrepreneurs have been assisted by the Government through corporate groups, SHGs and other means to assist the people in the state.
Nongstoin, Nailar 7: Before the construction of the two lane Nongstoin-Kyrshai road, Rambrai MLA KP Pangniang together with the village leaders of Rambrai area have met with the Executive Engineer of the Rambrai area. PWD Nongstoin to discuss the issues needed for the improvement of the old roads in the area while the 2 lane has not yet arrived.
Police from the Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption of Assam Police in the past few days have arrested Lat Mandal from Hajo village, Kamrup district for allegedly involvement in he shall not take money from the people.
Similarly, the song “Talwiar u Sohpetbneng” means to refer to the Khasi of different regions when they say: “We also introduce the regions from Sor or Lyngngam; , Khasi-war.
Inside, the time will come.
Judo has also become one of the most popular sports in the North East Olympic Games which is being held in the state this year.
Nongkhnum and other places.
The neo-liberal era teaches us to think for ourselves, to be selfish, to accumulate wealth and to ignore the spirit of life.
Even the Covid State Committee which was set up last year under the leadership of Dr. DD Lapang has not come to fruition and has disappeared,” said the statement.
“Hep, I understand that you really love me, but when I think of myself, I feel sorry for you because I am not worthy of your reputation.
He said that the lack of delivery of rice to the rural areas is due to the fact that there is a one-sided trade, and this will cause suffering to the people if the rice does not reach these rural areas. It has to fight to ensure that there is no shortage of rice in all the villages in the state.
She said that they have tried many times together with Bah MM Dangngo to meet the Prime Minister but they have been told that they cannot meet and if necessary, they have to wait until the end of the election.
The people should look at who is the MLA who is still holding the post of teacher and should also look at the candidates who hold both posts.
When we see these things, we understand that it is near, because God has already prepared the way to save Israel once again starting in 1948 AD, this shows that Israel will soon be saved. as a nation you will know and recognize your own Messiah, Jesus Christ.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah RC Laloo, who is in charge of the Revenue and Disaster Department, has announced that the government will provide T.1.5 lakh to those who died.
Besides, cash rewards and new vehicles were also awarded to these illegal workers to detonate the IED bombs, said the statement.
In his letter of complaint, Bah Amse said that in the past years, the smuggling of smugglers from Bangladesh has increased near the border signs, which has caused a huge loss to the farmers. on the India-Bangladesh border.
AMCHUR NE U SOHPIENG TYRKHONG BANI:- This herb is very popular in Indian cuisine and its richness in vitamins protects against high blood pressure and it can be added to vegetables and salads to flavor them.
Ombli Suting said that he has an Epic, a Land Holding and a gun license from Ratacherra village while he has not received the village syrnod from Desos Pohshna, Wahehshnong.
Also present on the occasion were Pa iem Ainam Manik Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, a leader who has been involved in the development of youth in various sports, the President of Latkor. - Bah Syrpailang Kharkongngor with the members of the group.
Police arrested Jha while he was campaigning as an independent candidate to contest the Jhanjharpur Parliamentary Constituency as an independent candidate.
Samla Aristone Manbha Ryndongsngi, President of the Association and Bah Kitlang D.Kharkongngor, Retired Officer, Department of Agriculture, will give an explanation to the fishermen on fish farming and agriculture.
The purpose of the 6th Battalion Umran Police is to encourage the children to be smart enough to go to school and complete their studies, as well as to encourage those children who have dropped out of school to go back to school.
On the other hand, the Ministers of the State Government, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and Bah Kyrmen Shylla also visited the area and during their visit they found that the Natural Disaster Response The Force together with the Fire and Emergency Services have tried their best to recover the bodies of these four coal miners from the mine in East Jaintia Hills District.
The FKJGP East Khasi Hills District Unit strongly condemns the assault by an American man on the shooting and injury of a doctor of the Civil Hospital Shillong.
This church is now growing and needs the construction of a new church so that the congregation can serve the Lord better.
Amen and Amen.
(2) Renewal and redemption:- these two are intertwined.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has warned that heavy rainfall will continue in Meghalaya in the next three days.
EOW employees arrived at the residence of Hero Keswani, who works as a clerk in the Medical Education Department.
Dehydration not only affects the health of the body but also affects the health of the body.
When contacted by the NPP, Bah Kanang declined to comment, but will wait until he sees that the MLA of the area will join the NPP. India and held at the Jio Convention Centre, Mumbai on Friday evening attracted many filmmakers, directors, producers as well as film stars this year.
“As soon as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Development comes, they will set a date to discuss this,” he said.
Three people have died, two of whom have not been injected.
The decision to protest was taken against the government's failure from the leaders to provide a good road for decades where the people have had to walk through the road.
It was during his tenure that the state has improved significantly in sports because in 2018 when the NEOG was first started in Manipur, the state won only three gold medals but this time it has won 36 gold medals. gold medal and came fourth.
The guards of the Dalmia Company said that they have received an order not to open the gate even if the Magistrate or the Waheh Shnong comes.
The Dorbar Shnong Ladrymbai Datsimpein has released these lucky draw tickets to be drawn on the 11th January 2020 for the purpose of raising funds for the construction of the community hall of the village.
He said that there are many shortcomings in the working of this body because it has done its work only in accordance with the provisions of the Protection of Human Rights Act,
I did not stop the strike and continued my work as an OSD in Railways.
At the same time, Blinken said Israel has the right to protect the people from the threat of attacks by Hamas militants.
According to Bah Paul, even the High Level Committee on Influx has suggested to draft a new Inner Line Permit (ILP) which will take into account the characteristics of the area, income and to harmonize the new jobs.
“Since 2020, there has been an attack by about 20 Assam policemen, on 20th November 2020, they entered Moolaber village at 8 pm on charges of robbing those carrying “They fired about 20-30 bullets to scare the people,” said Bah Nujorki, MLA of the area.
The Chief Minister made this announcement at a meeting of the NPP West Jaintia Hills District at Madan Khmut Wasain, Mowkaiaw.
The DPR has been prepared and the tender has been called.
Regarding the situation affected by the incident ha Mukoh, the shopkeepers have requested the Meghalaya government to take immediate action to resolve the issue so that there will be no more problems. I strongly condemn the Assam Police who have committed this crime which has affected the peace and order of the people and they should be punished according to the rules of law.
Thakur was summoned by Nadda to the party office in Delhi for her speech in Sehore, Madhya Pradesh, on Sunday.
“We will try to protect and preserve the customs and traditions of the indigenous people,” said Bah Lanong.
The church, which is located in Mawlong District on the road from Mawshamok to Shella, started its celebration last month. The Moderator of the Sohra Presbytery launched 125 balloons as a sign of the opening ceremony.
He said that such incidents have been witnessed in the state in the past few years but during the time of darkness only prayers worked.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Synrai Session of the State Legislative Assembly will start on 9th November
In Delhi, the number of cases has risen to 22,132 in the past 24 hours and the death toll has risen to
We who are poor and we who earn enough to survive, we need wise legislators, who will make laws for the benefit, the development of all as a country. Nation and state.
Meghalaya has qualified by finishing at the top of the tournament, beating four times against the strongest teams.
The HNLC has alleged that the government has not taken action on the four demands of the party especially to forgive all the charges against the leaders and members of the party.
Shillong, July 26: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has demanded that the State Government should set up an inquiry into the violence committed by the Border Security Force (BSF) under the Commissions of Inquiry Central Act. also to withdraw BSF troops from public places and to ensure that they are only on the Zero Line of the border.
During the meeting with the KSU and FKJGP, the leaders of the two organizations including the KSU and FKJGP together with the Sordar Shnongs, said that the company The Sohpian-Nongstoiñ road from chainage 73.500 to 80.424 has not followed the DPR which includes cleaning and improvement.
The program was presented by Bah Goldenstar Suchiang, a famous actor from Meghalaya.
Bah Hubert Marwein, also expressed his surprise that the VEC Nongpoh has not ignored the order of the BDO, where according to the RTI report, it was found that the BDO has already ordered them to return. The VEC Nongpoh has not received any refund to these job card holders and also to immediately distribute the job card holders to these job card holders. card holders and even the job card has not been issued to these job card holders, said Bah Hubert Marwein.
“On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised to look into this matter although he has not yet given any promises,” said Samla Forwardman.
Shillong: Three leaders of the Meghalaya International Exporters Chamber (MIECC) will attend a three-day business summit to be held in Dhaka, Bangladesh from Thursday.
The Rashtriya Swamyam Sevak Sangh (RSS) on Saturday celebrated its 96th foundation day.
Lion Sports and Youth Affairs opened the scoring in the 4th minute through Heipormi Dkhar, but Caroline Colony fought hard to turn the tide. In the 16th minute, Famous Lyngdoh scored the third goal.
Now the KHADC has empowered the Rangbah Kur to issue syrnod,” said Erwin.
" Jesus was betrayed by one of his disciples, Judas Iscariot.
Employment is the dream of many churches especially as parents have spent a lot of money for their children's education.
This is the lowest figure in the past 88 days of the corona virus.
Bantei Sari Vice-President, Lucky Phawa General Secretary, Deibormi Siangbood Asst-General Secretary P Pakem, Finance Secretary Deibormi Mynthoi-Organizing Secretary Robert Suja Nongtdu. Education Secretary Harison Siangshai Asst-Education Secretary, Wympher Suchiang Sports & Games Secretary, Phrangki Lamare Asst-Sports & Games Secretary, W M Bareh Publicity Secretary, Mutdashisha Papang Arts & Culture Secretary, Wenly Phyrngap Discipline Office Syih Secretary, Secretary Bethe.
He said that the village authorities will soon meet with the district authorities to enforce Section 144CrPC to ban illegal parking along the National Highway in the area.
Speaking to Rupang, Hamlet Dohling said it is true that the MUDA issue has won him the election this time and he has not yet seen how the files are going. “I have promised the people to release them from MUDA and I will do that, but I will do that. “I don't know how the laws are going, but I will make sure that MUDA should not harass the people,” said Hamlet Dohling.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Hynniewtrep Petroleum Workers' Association (HPWN) has demanded the reopening of the petrol station of the Indian Oil Corporation Limited at Pyllun village in Umiam, Ri-Bhoi. In 1992, it was closed down in June 2010, despite the strong opposition from the party,” said HPWN President Alister N Diengdoh.
The suspect and the recovered property were handed over to the police for further action.
Nongstoiñ, July 30: Almost all the villages in West Khasi Hills have residents who own hunting rifles and have licenses from the government.
Referring to the ethnic parties, Bobeeta said that the ethnic parties need to be strong, the Congress party has always done this to strengthen them without affecting them while the BJP is fighting to prevent the ethnic parties from being strong. rise.
We hope that in the midst of despair, we will surprise people that unity as a nation will succeed, so that we will not become the water cutters or tree cutters of other nations as warned by Myllung Soso Tham.
Marqueenless Ramsiej won the 5000 meter race for girls under 20 years old and won the gold medal in the 5000 meter race for girls under 20 years old. Wolbetstar Ramsiej, who won the 10,000 metres, won the silver medal and the 5,000 metres.
A 6.5 magnitude earthquake struck eastern Papua New Guinea on Tuesday morning, although the country did not witness any signs of the quake before it struck through storms. or the stirring of the sea, as it used to be before the flood.
The DC said that he has just started working in the last 10 or 2 days, so he cannot see the details of the work and therefore he cannot explain in detail how much work has been done. It has already progressed, but after the 3rd he will be able to explain more clearly how the work is going.
The decision was taken after receiving information from the state police on various incidents of violence, vandalism and disruption of peace and order in the state.
Umkiang SA beat Borsora FC A 4-0 in the Narpuh District Football Tournament (ENSA) held at Umkiang Village Stadium on Tuesday.
Shillong: The NPP-led MDA 2.0 government has rejected the demand to suspend the recruitment while the recruitment policy and roster system have not been reviewed by an expert. The Party will hold a sit-in protest at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat on the 17th June 2023 from 10 am to 4 pm.
The PDF has two leaders, Bah Mansturdy Nongrem and Bah PT Sawkmie (although he is not a Congress member, media reports said that he has been baptized from time to time). he is within the Congress party but has not yet been released.
“Therefore, we invite all the youth of Khasi Jaintia to attend this meeting,” said the Publicity Secretary of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglait Youth Association, Bah Seiborlang L Nonglait.
These are the many opportunities that exist now and therefore skilled workers are needed to take advantage of these opportunities.
On Tuesday, 397 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the death toll to 1499 in the State.
“We need to know whether the first amendment has been passed or not and if so how without mentioning anything in the current bill,” they said.
According to the order, heavy motor vehicles (HMVs) and medium motor vehicles from other districts such as West Jaintia Hills District and East Jaintia Hills District will have to pass through the road. Through the Shillong Bypass.
In the past few months, he said, police have seized three times and the largest seizure is half a kilo of heroin, once 100 grams and the third time 50 grams.
The President of India has appointed 3 Dkhars as Nominated MLAs. The names of the winning Constituencies and MLAs are: –According to the list above, the number of MLAs from the Jaidbynriew Since 1937 during the Assam period and until the Meghalaya election 2013-17, there have been hundreds of Khasi and Hynniewtrep MLAs.
He discussed many things with her.
Charles said the NPP party will not be able to win the elections because it has not been able to do what it has promised and this will make it difficult for the party to win the elections. Your seat is your Constituency.
A total of 663 graduate students and 369 undergraduate, post graduate and diploma students were awarded.
They were informed that so far, the team has guided more than 550 startups and changed people’s lives by creating employment opportunities.
There have been discussions between the Deputy Commissioners of West Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills in Jowai on the situation in this area, but till now, the KAAC has not set up the revenue collection gate.
Yes Earth Youth Corps and Rotary Club Shillong Heritage took part in the cleanliness drive to build the Umshyrphi River on Tuesday. Saturday.
Last year, the Managing Committee and teachers of the school had to take responsibility for the construction of the school. They have built houses just to make it a place to teach the school children in the village.
East Khasi Hills has 81 new cases while West Khasi Hills has 133 new cases.
In a statement, the three Rangbah Shnongs of Laitumkhrah including Bah TP Nongrum, Bah GB Sawkmie and Bah SB Nongdhar said that the revenue of the Municipal has already increased but it still wants to increase. but its activities and the revenue it collects have nothing to do with it.
From time to time, we have urged the Central Government to set up investigation teams to find out where there is corruption.
Speaking as the chief guest, DP Wahlang, IAS, Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, said that this is a happy day to remember the hard work of the students despite the difficulties they faced during their studies.
There are about 500 Daju who have already registered with the Mylliem Hima office and who should receive uniforms. Out of these 500 Daju, 250 are Khasi and 250 are Khasi. foreigners who have received a Labor License.
Furthermore, KHNAM has asked the KHADC, on what basis has it accepted the NOC signed by a foreigner as Rangbah Shnong? This shows that the KHADC itself has violated the law of the Hima Mylliem and has issued Trade License through NOCs which are not sufficient for individuals.
However, the intention to observe lecture delivery, using MCC reports in a systematic manner, should not lead to confusion in repeating the same in the future.
BM Lanong's remarks in the Shillong Times show that he has criticized BJP MP Gopal Shetty who said, “Christians have not contributed to the independence of India”.
Shillong: The village of Dympep on Sohra Road has refused to pay the fee to hire people to clean up the garbage spread by tourists who have no concern for the environment.
Police have registered a case and the search for those involved in the robbery is ongoing, the source said. Shillong, June 7: The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, has decided to appeal to the High Court, if the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) does not listen to their demand. to remove the book of the Descendants of the Longshuwa.
On the second day of the Lukha Festival, a trekking was held inside the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary. this is the walk.
They said that according to their knowledge, it has been done for hundreds of years and continues to this day, but this sudden arrival, the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram cannot accept at all.
At this meeting, the union strongly demanded that the road from Nongtalang to Dawki should be repaired as it has been damaged and has been damaged.
Politics means related to the people.
The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Department has launched the District Nasha Mukt Bharat Campaign at the DC Office Training Hall, Jowai.
The ILP The Inner Line Permit (ILP) is a permit or permission for anyone who has been allowed to enter a state where there is an ILP. how many days, where are they going and such questions.
The case will be heard again on the 14th of this month.
According to the Gospels, there are only about forty miracles associated with the life and ministry of Jesus Christ.
It is worth mentioning that HANM, WW, Sengkmie together with the residents of 25 villages in the border areas with Assam, have started protesting against this road since 2014 and the protest has been stronger against this road. The road was built in November last year, after a strike that lasted for 10 days in Nongpoh.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 687 and the death toll has risen to 1,6
Shillong, June 18: The Meghalaya Football Team beat Rajasthan 3-2 in the National Football Championship by beating Rajasthan 3-2 in the first leg of the National Football Championship. Group A will be played at the Kottappadi Football Stadium in Kerala on Monday.
According to information received, almost every time many tourists in Sikkim suffer from respiratory problems especially in the higher areas.
However, after we accepted the Gospel and became Christians, our minds or ways of thinking changed completely from what we used to think.
Nongpoh, June 29: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District took part in the Northeast Festival 2022 which is also part of the Azadi, Amrit Mahotsav, the 75th Anniversary of India, the 50th Anniversary of the State and others. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today held a rally on the rights of girls (Beti Bachao Beti Padhao) with the participation of the bike teams of the state.
In Ribhoi, there are 20 cases and 15 cases in NEPA. In West Khasi Hills, there are 40 cases, including 4 health workers, 4 cases in Kynshi Mawphanain, 5 cases in Mawrok Mawliehbah and 15 cases in Nongkroh Rambrai. 4 people.
This village is located in the middle of Nongtrai area.
I also express my gratitude for the dedication and expertise of Ian Campbell, the legendary Olympian and the team in charge of this programme.
On the other hand, Conrad K Sangma urged the people not to be afraid of the loss of their money, which is in the Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank.
Saha made the announcement at a rally in Gabordi, West Tripura district, while campaigning for the Lok Sabha candidate Biplab Kumar Deb.
We should expect a change that will affect all people.
Young people tell their parents where they are going and what time they will come home.
Speaking to media, the Lamphang said that the cost has reached T.130 crore so far, but more detailed information can be obtained from the PWD Building Department. the state government.
They promise and swear in the name of righteousness or in the name of God (kim salia) it doesn't matter to them.
God said to Samuel – “Do not look at his appearance and at the height of his stature; for I have rejected him: for the LORD seeth not as man seeth; but the LORD looketh on the heart" 1 Samuel 16:7
The donation was distributed by the Chief Minister at a function held at Resubelpara, North Garo Hills.
It is to be recalled that this statesman was the founder of the MLA scheme known as the SRWP which was implemented in 1991 when he was the Chief Minister of the state and is still being implemented. to this day.
The library was built under the scheme of Bah Lapang from the Chief Minister's Special Rural Development Fund 2008-2 The All Sohkha Development Committee was established with the assistance of Special Central Assistance from the Border Area Development Department.
People live in fear and despair because they do not know when they will be attacked, or who will come to attack them.
She said that how others who are small are arrested immediately while when it happens to those who are high and low, they violate the law, because in the law, there is no high and low.
Lajong FC will play against Northeast United FC on the 4th of July at the Indira Gandhi Athletic Stadium in Guwahati.
The goals were scored by Diwan Khyriem and Ritikut Tariang.
The clashes took place between the security forces and the militants on Sunday evening after a siege and search operation in parts of the forest in the district, they said.
Adult EducationThis policy aims to reach 100% of the number of young people who are literate.
The program will start on the 17th of this month.
Marak has lodged a complaint against Mukul Sangma's Scheduled Tribe claim alleging that he is not a Garo and has changed his Garo identity by making an affidavit for personal gain.
The helpline numbers provided by the Government of Meghalaya are 7640908749/9854028087/0364-222855, 2227050,
Police have seized the drugs and two mobile phones and registered a case against them under Lumshnong PS Case No.07(02)24 u/s 21 (b)/ 29 NDPS Act.
As part of expressing their anger, the farmers of these water supply areas from both these water sources said that the decision on this is part of the protest against the benefits of they.
This is according to a statement by Valbina Shylla, Principal.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of the Raid Shabong Dorbar, Bah Ribanroilang Lyngdoh, said that the Sordar has accused him of not consulting the KHADC before filing a complaint against the KHADC. The SawRaid Act 1997 is the appointment of Sordars in Saw Raid.
The Sein Raij Tuber has expressed its gratitude and congratulations to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State Kyrmen Shylla who is also the Local MLA of Khliehriat, to the Deputy Chief Executive. Members of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Lasky Rymbai, Justine Dkhar Ex-MLA, Lakhon Dkhar EM-JHADC, Finelyness Bareh EM-JHADC, Phasmon Dkhar EM-JHADC, Eveningstar Teron EM-JHADC, Abhilash Baran IAS Deputy Commissioner, Tammiyaki Shylla, BDO Wapung C&RD Block, Jowai District Dolloi Puramon Kynjing who have taken the time to witness the 2023 Niam Behdeiñkhlam of the Sein Raij Tuber.
Bah Ronnie said that this visit of Bah Hamlet is a thank you to the people of Mylliem as a whole.
He expressed his satisfaction with the change in the working methods of the police department compared to the working methods of the police in the past.
He said the state government is pleased that the Supreme Court has accepted the government's plea.
“ Love begins at home.
He said the meeting also discussed how to strengthen the party in all places especially in the constituencies where there are no leaders.
,In this regard, we all know that the Sohra language is one of the dialects of the Khasi-Pnar people or our Hynniew Trep Hynniew Skum. Reading & Writing, Writing and Vocal Intercourse in our daily activities and especially when we reach the to talk to people we don't know well or strangers (even if they are Khasi Khara) whom we meet here and there and especially when we can see that they are those who have no education or no education at any level.
For Ladthadlaboh, Teiborlang Malang scored 48' and Medondor Pala 59'
In this regard, police are following up and investigating the incident, by looking for those who were present at the scene as witnesses and to question them on the beginning and end of the incident. .
Friends United, although losing in the final of the tournament, went home with a cash prize of Rs 30,000, while MPFV won the trophy with a cash prize of Rs 50,0 fifty thousand).
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong KOR has not approved the establishment of the Shelter Home and this has happened during the outbreak of COVID-19 as a Temporary Shelter Centre. pat you have changed yourself.
Mawkyrwat, June 27 : Kyntiew-La-Ki-Jong Football Club beat Mawkyrwat Sports Club 2-1 in the IV Invitation Football Tournament Sohkhyllam Sports Club at Sohpian Square, Sohkhyllam, South West Khasi Hills District.
In 2010, the government had purchased this machine but it remained idle due to lack of funds to recruit staff.
Dr Dkhar promised to send two more doctors to the CHC. The union requests the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to send four more doctors to the CHC for the smooth running of the work. Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Additional Chief Secretary of the Shillong Byepass has been reporting that there have been many accidents since the opening of the Shillong Byepass. PBO Warjri, who is also in charge of the Government's Land Management Department, today inaugurated the Umsaw Multi Purpose Water Harvesting Station at Umsaw Khliehshnong, Sohra. Structure, in the presence of Mr. Cyril VD Diengdoh, SDO (C), Sohra Civil Sub-Division, Mr. D Langstieh, Mr. KM Syiem, Additional Director of Soil and Water Conservation, Mr. F. Tariang, Rangbah Shnong, Sohra and others.
Such education is dangerous and leads to racism.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 06 : Leaders and members of the KSU Sengkmie and Ri Bhoi on Tuesday evening welcomed and accompanied the students of the state who returned from Manipur after their arrival at Lingsuiñ Card Guwahati.
For example, only for the mystery work when carrying out any of the higher jobs, foreigners have to be brought in because of the difficulties in finding young people who are skilled to work even in these jobs especially when needed. to work with the powers of today's technology.
Congress leaders from Ranikor said they are not worried even if it is for Dango to resign as they know that if he can bring the Civil Sub-Division in the mid-term elections he will win easily.
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Kmie Shillong, today announced to all the participants from various branches of the Khasi Seng of Hynniewtrep Hills, Shillong that it has postponed the participation programs as scheduled. and the Tymmen exhibition scheduled to be held from the 6th to the 19th of this month at the Seng Khasi Mawkhar at the same place and time as scheduled and the time and place will be the same.
In the fourth match, Rangdajied United FC beat Challenger 7-0
and thou shalt not stand in the holy place.
Leaders of various political parties in Nepal on that day sent a message of condolences to the Prime Minister's House on their grief.
The Opposition currently has 14 MLAs – five from the Trinamool Congress and Congress and four from the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
It is learned that those who wish to be President, have now started canvassing for the members of the Nomination Committee, so that they can get the majority in the nomination of the President and other office bearers.
The ability to learn and follow how to use it is the wisdom that God has given freely to mankind.
In his speech, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah praised the work of the PNGRB through the past 11 steps, and said that this will help India in generating income through gas.
Mawkhar won the first division 2019 while Mawlai won the second division.
When walking through narrow places, put his hands on your shoulders and he should walk behind you.
King XI (Smit) will play against Young Star FC (Shillong) at 2.00 pm.
The match today, 16th November will be between Nangbah Iawmusiang FC and Sailung Ialong FC at 2 pm.
Nongsiej said that earlier the construction of the school was a joint venture through Arengh and John Kharkongor, but now the government has handed over the construction to Kurbah.
According to sources, the incident happened on the road at Umroi Nongrah, Ri Bhoi District, at about 1:50 pm.
Every time, when talking to reporters, he never forgets to mention his residence in Nongrim Hills, but this time, he forgot to talk and meet with the village authorities on This Act, which he intends to implement in the State.
We need everything to survive.
He said that drug traffickers continue to traffic only after getting bail, so they will implement the PITNDPS Act 1985, which will prevent these illegal activities.
In a tweet on Saturday, the Prime Minister said he was deeply saddened by the passing away of the Archbishop.
Participation will be more informative.
She thanked the Ramakrishna Mission for its services to the community.
School and college offices will work three times a week, with 30 percent of the staff.
“In October, when the results were announced, the VPP candidate came fourth behind the NPP and BJP. decision of the people," he said.
Shillong, Nalin Kohli: The BJP leader in charge of Meghalaya, Nalin Kohli, on Tuesday said that the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) is a platform to discuss the development works of all the political parties in the North East. The Congress and the talks to contest the elections have not yet arrived.
However, even today, in its 50th anniversary, Meghalaya is still one of the four states with the lowest income.
The Titan Otters and the Unified Gorkha Gators will play.
The Longkmie and the elders, said that the reason why they opposed, is on the grounds that many of the people in these villages, have not received information about the proposal to introduce this project. project, but the Rangbah Shnong of Kyrdem from the old Rangbah Shnong and the new Rangbah Shnong, have issued the NOC without informing the residents.
Manish Kumar and Utpal Das, Assistant Managers (LPG-Sales) and Senior Mgr (LPG-Sales), Shillong LSA Bongaigoan II, said in a statement that the company has The project has been completed by Rs 5 crore by November 2018 which is 8 months ahead of schedule.
“Our goal is to make India free from the Congress and we have moved forward on this and in the years to come, the nightmare will come true,” he said.
Markun Marboh said she has built her house under the PM Awas Plus Yojana in the 2021-22 fiscal year.
Moolamanoh SC will play against Thangskai Tiger SC while Dhana SC will play against Khliehriat West YWSC on Friday. Kharsyiemlieh President and Secretary Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh, on 1st November 2023, has requested the DC of West Khasi Hills District, as the Head of the District, on the issues of appointment through the District Selection Committee.
The match between Sohmynting and Pynthor Youth Social Welfare ended without a goal.
The Southern Front has captured the 52nd Brigade camp in Daraa after 24 hours of fighting.
The Minister of Community and Rural Department, Bah Hamletson Dohling, in his speech, spoke on the progress of the department over the years, especially in terms of the implementation of the MNREGS scheme and the development. The number of Self Help Groups has increased in the past few years.
The former Chief Minister praised the NPP as a political party to raise the issues of the North East and said that because of the issues that affect the welfare of the people and the entire region. one has led the Union Ministers to develop the rural areas and villages.
Three festivals were held in three districts of Garo Hills on Tuesday, namely Ampati, South West Garo Hills, Resubelpara North Garo Hills and Tasek East Garo Hills.
Many men, women and children, including teachers and school children, attended the Mela.
He said that the CEC will sit down to think carefully so that the ban on some vehicles per day to enter Motphran and Khyndailad will not affect them.
The Commission has also informed the DGP of the State to submit a detailed report on the incident within 15 days.
The power outage is not only in Shillong but especially in the rural areas.
No casualties were reported except for one person who cut down the tree, whose name has not been released, as he was seriously injured and was rushed to hospital.
East Khasi Hills has 44 cases, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 4 cases in Ri Bhoi, 7 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
Industrial output accounted for 6.9 percent of the growth in agriculture, while agriculture accounted for between 2.9 and 7.5 percent, according to the World Bank.
However, the ban on the import of chickens has caused a sharp increase in the price of chickens.
“The Thoh Ryngkaw is a religious ceremony and sacrifice to Leiryngkaw who is the protector of the Raij ka Muluk and the protector of all the inhabitants of the Raij Ialong from all evils and diseases. come from the north to the south, and from the east to the west.
Laitkynsew, July 25: The 17th birth anniversary of Prof.GG Swell was celebrated on the 25th of this month in the village where he was born and raised.
The investigation is ongoing and the police have taken their part to track down the perpetrators.
However, this project has been implemented at the expense of the state government.
Not only that, but this vote of Bah Brightstarwell was also the highest vote, because even if you count the votes of all the candidates who contested against in this election from Mawlai, it was the highest vote. 16,485; Brightstarwell won with 7,777 votes.
We request the Meghalaya High Court and the Meghalaya State Human Rights Commission to take action on this issue.
“We don't want to take a hasty decision because we don't want to be late and cause trouble to the people later,” said Bah Marngar.
VPP Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on Thursday demanded punishment against those involved in extortion through various methods leading to the increase in the price of essential commodities. commodities) in the state.
The joining of Tariang and his supporters to the NPP raises questions whether the BJP will withdraw from Amlarem.
The youth came in a Gypsy ML05J-7060 and drove it to Jowai By-bass near Thadlaskein. Police arrested him from there.
The disease has destroyed and destroyed us, but this is not the end of our lives.
There will also be a 5km RUN FOR FUN which will be awarded with medals and a cash prize of 11 lakh tyngka to all the winners.
“On the part of the union, we express our regret that we thought that the presence of this factory would help to increase the number of traders in West Khasi Hills to unload goods during the release of coal by NGT. While our local traders are still stopping trading due to the NGT ban, foreigners and the factory are supplying goods illegally,” said the leader.
The Government should do the same against the coal factories in East Jaintia Hills and South West Khasi Hills and other places.
It is time for all of us to surprise people on this issue, because we are living in these days of the rapid spread of media to spread through social media and affect the nation and the state if the decision is taken. That we accept to protect our Jaidbynriew in our opinion is right, but others will try to mislead us against our Jaidbynriew with the accusation that we hate others.
The KSU has distributed foodgrains across Jaintia Hills as part of its support to the government in the fight against COVID-1
Earlier, former CEM of KHADC Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that the Council would formulate a recruitment policy but he could not implement it because he has been crushed.
Erick Paslein scored the second goal for Evegreen Ladwahwapung in the 16th minute and Dr Sanky Shangpung in the 59th minute.
The Deputy Commissioner said that she will take this task to discuss and revise the fare with the authorities to consider the fare as it has been increased. in the thep of the visitor.
According to a statement issued by the President of the party, Bah Teibor Khonglam, the party invites all the members of the Hynniew Trep Skum to attend the tournament which will be held on the 8th of this month. November 2013.
In this case of HIV/AIDS, I am looking from the perspective of Ïitkhmih Jingkyrmen and I see that the Khasi Hynniewtrep people have not yet reached that disease of HIV/AIDS. lane to lane.
It was also decided to invite those District Councils which do not fall under the 6th Schedule and those which fall under the 7th Schedule like Manipur and Assam to join the Forum to speak for the benefit of the District Councils.
This was announced by the Minister of State for Sports, Banteidor Lyngdoh in reply to a question by Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang in the House today.
Jowai, June 08: Today, which is also the 'Musiang' Market Day, groups of shopkeepers have left for Musiang with specially designed market plates, khoh, shang and tiffins. for buying necessities from the market.
However, these candidates and senior leaders of the NPP, have expressed their concern over the violence by Mukul Sangma in the state, in which this violence by Mukul Sangma has shocked not only the people in the state. However, it has also stirred up the fellow MLAs from the Congress Party and on this it has witnessed the departure of many Congress MLAs.
Many times we refuse and refuse to drink this Water of Life of God and many times we drink the waters of the world which do not give us refreshment and thirst.
He said there are 53 Hima, 80 Raid Dorbars and thousands of Dorbar Shnongs.
On this occasion, groups also came to participate in the sale of food and traditional drinks especially those made from rice.
Ma Jesse Suïam in his speech said that he has tried to provide the most accurate and clean service to all the villages in his constituency.
During the meeting, they said that they have met with the Union Ministers and submitted their demands regarding these two Bills.
In these days, we have seen and heard the initiative of the authorities in many countries, which has included this tourism industry by the government by creating a department called the Ministry of Tourism, Department of Tourism and various agencies to implement the needs related to tourism.
Italy's highest number of deaths was 969 between Friday and Wednesday.
He said that these houses include the houses of Kyrshan Nongsiej, Thelbon Wahlang, Modes Wahlang, Maria Wahlang, Agnes Wahlang, Victory Wahlang, Rekha Wahlang, Melina Wahlang, Elizabeth Wahlang, and Edwina Nongkhar.
Kyrmen Shylla will hold the post of Revenue and Disaster Management, Excise and Social Welfare.
He expressed his concern about the increase in drug users especially from those families who are scattered and it is the duty of the groups and the community to work together with the police department to curb this problem.
For those who continue to buy cows from Khanapara market, he said that they have to be examined by doctors halfway whether the cows they buy are suitable for slaughter.
Speech was delivered by Derrick Marpna, Additional Program of Mawlai Block and urged that as youth clubs they should be close to the Block so that they can carry out activities related to the youth and Samla Aiboklang Dkhar NYV Mylliem Block explained about the programs of NYK and also showed the programs of NYK.
Shillong, Naitung 8: Nine members of the A'chik Songna Anpa Chakgipa Kotok (ASAK) gang have been arrested from different parts of William Nagar in East Garo Hills district today.
The corruption came to light after several depositors filed complaints over loans sent to unidentified persons using their names.
The statement said that the landowners who have donated the land for the construction of the Sub Center have also signed an agreement with the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. In 1992, it was also signed that any posts other than the post of Chowkidar should be appointed by the owners of the land without being registered with the District Selection Committee (DSC). The land owners have decided to close down the Sub Centre.
Furthermore, Bah Pynshai said that there are some unions which have been criticized even by the parents of the players due to the irregularities in the distribution of prize money to the players.
Aloe Vera contains compounds known as Aloemin which promote hair growth, contain chemicals related to Keratin, besides rejuvenating the hair with their own nutrients, they can also release u shniuh from the pain and helps to cleanse the face.
However, those who have been elected must be non-religious.
The Opposition has left the House after the Ruling Party failed to send it to the Select Committee for consideration and should come back to the House in April.
This is a program developed by the Government of India under the NIPUN Bharat and G-20 targets on the theme “Ensuring Foundation Literacy and Numeracy especially in the context of blended learning”. Janbhagidari Events and Activities program where the beneficiaries of this program will be the students from Pre-Primary to Class III. Lakiang, DMC-SSA West Jaintia Hills District and followed by the recitation of the NIPUN Bharat Pledge by all the students and teachers while the special speech on the NIPUN Bharat was delivered by Kong MW Lynrah, State Coordinator Pedagogy SEMAM-SSA, Meghalaya. Shillong.
The body, which was found on 31st July, has been kept at the morgue at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh and so far no one has come to work. Please contact the OC of Umiam Police Station at
“Vehicle theft rates are less as compared to two-wheelers.
In the 100 kg category, Bakhammaian Khongwir came first, Tony Lyngdoh Marshillong came second and Bhakupar Kharkongor came third.
The program was also enriched by a special song and dance by the youth of Nong Hyllam Village.
This encourages us that in the midst of the darkness that has covered literacy and education, there is still a light in the sky with the announcement of the results of Higher Secondary School Leaving. Certificates.
In the last two years, the Wah has attracted hundreds and thousands of tourists, whether from the state, from outside the state and even from abroad.
The people should put the nation first, and their feelings later.
The politician is still in jail after being sentenced to life imprisonment in connection with the kidnapping of Umesh Pal in 2006, the source said.
The gathering of people in the area has also been banned.
At the same time, it was reported that it takes longer for the water truck to run quickly because in Khyndai Lad area there are many vehicles, which are sitting on the ground and it takes longer for the people to move.
As the days and months passed, the friends who lived in the market together, especially Kong Mer, were encouraged because she too had experienced the same incident that her husband had died and was injured.
Meanwhile, the Accoland management has announced on television that the park will be closed for nine days while it is being repaired.
We have to clean the song from side to side, so that they can eat after they come home from school and wait for hours to get water”.
Furthermore, the KSU leader said that it is useless to worship the gods of the country, while the paia and rishot of the Jaidbynriew are getting worse and worse with the passing of the days.
Michael Meadows, the leader of the team, said: “We have been able to test his ability and skills over the past year, to learn more about him.
Shillong: U Julius Kitbok Dorphang, Independent MLA from Mawhati, has sent his resignation letter through his lawyer today.
According to the letter sent by the union, the union has received accurate information from the owners of cattle such as cows, goats from Iooksi village who used to graze their cattle on the other side of the Kupli River. Due to the lockdown, people have been allowed to leave their homes.
Nongstoiñ, July 2: In a shocking incident, up to 15 children have been raped by one man within 10 years at Umsaw Tyllang village in West Khasi Hills District.
Kong Kei said again.
" said Rida. A very strong argument arose.
At the end of the celebration, the flag was laid by the Rangbah Kur Warjri including Bah George A. Warjri, Bah Sunshine Warjri, Bah P. Barkos O. Warjri, Bah RV Warjri, Bah Kestar Warjri and others. the chief of the Kur of the Sengkmie.
Kenny Langbang scored the third goal in the 43rd minute.
Speaking as the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani expressed his happiness that the youth have come to join the party as part of the leadership responsibility. work for the nation.
When the Lord Jesus establishes that Kingdom here on earth, the growth of His kingdom and peace will never end on the throne of David and on His Kingdom to establish it and to support it. with judgment and with righteousness from henceforth even for ever" Isaiah 9:7
He said that through this meeting with the CEM, he said that the leaders of the SRSRBD, have been able to inform on many important issues, including the ban on Rangbah Shnongs. They will take part in the political affairs, the manner of giving dulir from the KHADC and on the appointment of Rangbah Shnong by the Garo in the Khasi villages.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Union of Seng Samla Shnong (U Seng Samla Shnong) has sent a statement to congratulate the newly elected members of the Seng Samla Sohra. which is related to the youth of the village.
It has been a great loss to the family, because the damage caused by the people in this area, is that they have cut down the sying, until it is no longer suitable for planting. enough for his needs to grow up in the area, she claimed.
The MLA of Nongthymmai Constituency, on receiving the information that there has been a fire in Rynjah, immediately rushed to the scene to meet with the relatives.
Khasi Jaintia Hills is located in the North East of India and covers an area of ​​14436 sq.kms.
“The Congress leader, who is also preparing to contest from Sutnga-Saipung constituency in the upcoming MLA elections in the state, said that during his visit to every household, he found that the poverty is very severe. in a region where there is a lot of coal.
As they approached the truck, I didn’t dare move a finger.
Speaking to media after the opening of a meeting held in Nongpoh by the Meghalaya government with the leaders of the Mazdoor Union, Bah Kennedy said, “If you count only the thefts of liters of petrol per day and if the total is counted, it will reach 27 crore per annum. Through this road, there are not enough petrol vehicles per day to transport petrol to Meghalaya. and other places like Silchar, Hilagandi, Karimganj, Tripura, Mizoram and others.
Another understanding is that candidates and parties should never turn places of worship such as temples/mosques/churches into platforms to campaign.
“Just because we are in the opposition doesn't mean that we will close the door to discuss the border issue, we will not close the meeting and the Prime Minister has promised that the meeting will be called again. “The meeting of the Committee,” said Ampareen.
And one of the seraphim cried out with a loud voice, saying, Holy, holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The family members of Victoria D Kharkongor, who was accused of rape at Dispur Police Station, have remained in darkness until now because of the CCTV video they have requested from Dispur Police Station and International Hospital. Guwahati didn't get it.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 17: The Khasi Khasi and Jaintia Kharbani on Saturday held a special meeting to discuss the murder of Macborn Bonnyson Kharbani. which will take place on the 3rd of October
Engineers who have just passed are struggling to find jobs in this factory.
A video posted on the status of the President of the Voice of the People Party, shows that the Sunlight Artist has painted a small light by shining the sun's rays on the lyntang. Stang as plywood and painted exactly like Bah Ardent.
On the other hand, Bah G.Namsaw, as the Rangbah Shnong, expressed his satisfaction and appreciation for the initiative taken by the Seng Samla Shnong, for the purpose of bringing about a clean environment in the village. At the same time, he congratulated these leaders of the Seng Samla Shnong, so that they can continue to do better work in the community.
He added that this should not end only in sports but this cooperation of the eight countries should also be in other areas for the benefit of the people.
MILK FOODS:- Dairy foods are rich in Vitamin D and calcium and are very beneficial for bone health.
If one woman is able to tell 15 sisters, they will tell 20 others.
The FKJGP has made it clear that before installing these meters, it will provide training to the households on the use of these smart meters.
In this age, the family and the children have no power.
“I am only an election campaigner in the UDP, I am not the President or the leading office bearer, but I am only a supporter.
Muktiar Vishaal Tiwari has filed a Public Interest Litigation and demanded the appointment of an Independent Expert Committee under the leadership of the former Supreme Court Justice to investigate 183 cases in which the victims were killed. This has happened since 2017, according to the Uttar Pradesh Special Director General of Police (Law and Order).
The HYC in the presence of the General Secretary and Vice President of the HYC together with the office bearers of the HYC visited CHC Khliehriat to conduct the post mortem of both the deceased. They have also consulted with the family members and witnesses of the incident to get sufficient evidence before the party can move forward to demand justice. On the day of the funeral of these two people, the union has visited Wapung village at the residence of these two people who died in this incident to pay their condolences. They also informed them that the party will not remain silent on this incident until they get their rights.
Earlier, BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra was admitted to Medanta Hospital in Gurgaon for treatment and died yesterday.
The Chief Justice said he himself took part in the 40-hour hearing when he was a judge of the Rajasthan High Court in 2011 and said. That this program is helpful in discussing skills to resolve differences of opinion.
Never reduce your care for your family for any reason.30.
We elect the rulers by selling our votes, we elect the rulers on the basis of the demands of the MLA once every five years, the fees once five years and the needs we ask for only once every five years. this is a disregard for the sacred work and a degradation of human dignity.
So in the midst of that, she couldn't think of her life anymore, she decided to commit suicide by hanging herself.
Recently, the State Government has approved to set up an Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy.
Has he been able to fulfill those demands? Have the roadblocks and closures of shops, schools, and traffic controls been beneficial? Doesn't this show that the protests of these organizations are only a threat to anyone? Doesn't it show that it is easy to demand by standing on the streets, but it is difficult to achieve it? and she was raised up, but she was not able to stand.
On Thursday, the District Administration of Karbi Anglong, after receiving information that some State Police staying in the village, came to evict them.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The decline of the Congress party in the country has affected even Meghalaya which has been its stronghold in recent years.
At present, the UDP needs to negotiate with the independent MDCs to get the majority as the Congress MDCs have already supported the UDP to lead the EC just to overthrow Bah Pynshngain. suspended from the party for three years.
3.5 crore new seats will be created in higher education institutions.
The Mawlatbah Hawks beat the Unified Gorkha Gators in the 4-5, 6-7 and 12-13 age groups while the 8-9 and 10-11 age groups ended in a draw. can be filed.
It will also help to the best of its ability to bring about the best in the Club.
Senior ECI officials, Prasar Bharati CEO, DG AIR News and ECI actor & President Pankaj Tripathi attended the meeting.
She said that according to the RTI received by the PIO of the Urban Development Department, there were 145 applicants and out of them, more than 30 are well known officers in Shillong. She said that others are also departments of government departments, banks and the military.
Born on October 27, 1958, Marak came from a poor family.
If this is the case, the ethnic parties in Meghalaya will now remain a shynrong without body and soul and it will be a shame and disgrace in front of the whole world.
According to Ecclesiastes, one person or one person cannot own and control all that is in life and the earth.
Shillong: The Mawlai Constituency Committee (MLA) has expressed its deep surprise over the appointment of MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum as the new President of the party. the General Convention shall be the rule of law.
I saw that the factory in Rwiang is now closed.
The winners of the 10 K women's and men's races received cash prizes of T.30,000, T.15,000 and T.5,0
Don't call the High Court or the Govt Lawyer.
It was our own people (Khasi) who took and quoted some of the words or verses from this song which John Robert composed and made into the words of the Ieid Ri song.
The Chief Youth Adviser of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Eugeneson Lyngdoh, has arrived in Nongstoin to campaign for the UDP candidate Polestar Nongsiej at a meeting held on 1st June at Madan Riew Blei. of Umyiap area.
In addition, it was also agreed to allocate funds to combat global warming & climate change which affects living things in many ways especially in food and nutrition.
Bah Binong said that as soon as he finished his work, in the rush to go to the funeral home, he forgot to turn off the mombati.
“Traders from Meghalaya can trade in Bangladesh, especially in Sylhet, where there is a Sunamganj port,” said Ihsanul Karim, Press Secretary to the Prime Minister. after the meeting, which was held at Ganabhaban, last night.
“Bah, don't go empty-handed but eat as much as we can to prepare,” said the daughter of the deceased along with the people.
This is because the struggle is based on the future of our children in the land of Hynniewtrep.
The game was one-sided and was witnessed by the goalscoring and especially the ability of Mawreng to shock the players of Nangkiew by preventing them from scoring even a single goal in the match.
Until Coal India, Kirloskar Brothers, Odisha Fire Services Team, why didn't you call the Indian Army? Even the state government has forgotten that it has been fined up to Rs 100 crore by the NGH.
The people of Shillong have gathered together with music and songs to welcome the New Year.
If you put these words in your post on Facebook, it would be very good.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Two Khasi youths, Banshai Syiem of Laitkor and Ïohborlang Kharsohnoh of Jongksha, who used to drive a taxi, were shot dead by foreigners at Khyndailad on Friday night. at 10 o'clock.
Samla Reuben said that it is also a mistake for the VHP to hold the 'Ram Navami' on Sunday 2nd June because in fact it is on 30th October. The entire country of India celebrates Ram Navami and said that perhaps the celebration on Sunday is to encourage Christians.
Speaking to reporters, Bobby Kharshandi, an Independent candidate, said, “We have not received the ticket from the HSPDP, but I have a responsibility for the the people of Nongstoiñ.
The deterioration of this road has angered the residents of many villages who use this road, as it has caused a lot of trouble in coming and going and especially when there are seriously ill people.
They said that tomorrow, the 16th day of the President's visit, they will have to close their shops until the President leaves the state.
In this regard, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has emerged as the opposition candidate of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in next year's Lok Sabha elections.
The CEO said that in Meghalaya there is only 2.3% malfunctioning of these polling machines which is lower than the national average of 5%.
As the citizens of the state, we congratulate the Cabinet for the decision to facilitate the availability of alcohol.
When the video came out, I was taken to the police station and also to the collector's office and I lied to the police that I was not the one who was arrested. Pravesh Shukla, you have confessed yourself, then I will believe that you are the one who did that.
And the Pharisees which were with him heard these words, and said unto him, Are we blind also? Jesus answered them, If ye were blind, ye should have no sin: but now ye say, We see;
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said that Bah Tynsong will urgently convene a High Level Meeting on Friday to discuss the peace and order situation in Shillong.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, on Tuesday visited all the households who have been infected with COVID-19 and those in the Meghalaya-Assam border areas. The Nongmihkhmat elected by the people should not hesitate to visit those families who have been infected with COVID-1
Shillong, Jymmang: The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Mawprem, Shillong, which met on the 4th of this month, has decided that no political party, civil society or religious organization who intends to hold the Public meetings in Lower Mawprem, will have to seek permission from the Dorbar Shnong to avoid conflict of date and time with others who have the same purpose.
Tamil Nadu is a DMK-ruled state with MK Stalin as the Chief Minister.
The two-month training has started at the Tailoring Center of Jaintia Hills Development Society, Lumbihsyntu Mihmyntdu.
In this regard, the Parliament of India has passed laws to punish severely anyone who smuggles such goods.
But those who are ready to sacrifice don't know anymore.
Although the Cabinet discussed the Easter System on 17th May 2023 and will discuss it again at the All Party Meeting scheduled for 19th May, the confusion will not end.
If we have been able to fight against the enemy hundreds of years ago, why should we doubt now? to others, the country will die without a future.
Furthermore, the leaders of the party urged the Prime Minister not to return to the Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, as it still has many shortcomings in almost all aspects.
The social demarcation agreement was signed in Delhi in the presence of Defense Minister Amit Shah to be resolved at seven places namely Tarabari, Gizang, Hahim, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pillangkata and Ratacherra.
The CAG report alleged that the Superintendent of Taxes, Circle III, Shillong, did not find any tax evasion, as he did not check the purchase of goods by the kharkaia.
A complaint has been lodged at Mawlai Police Station to search for the robbers. One of the motorcycles was found in Warmawsaw and the other motorcycle was found in Warmawsaw. number ML 05 M 1313 was found from Umtrew by robbers in a forest area. The residents of Umiam Police Station have informed the Umiam Police Station to seize the motorcycle.
The General Secretary of the KSU Central Body, as the chief guest, said that as members of the KSU, they should be the youth to encourage the youth of the KSU to build the foundations to strengthen and stand against the KSU. The Government of India through UCIL has said that it will not be able to mine uranium from Domïasiat area.
He said this while speaking as the chief guest at the opening of the new office of Housing and MIG today at Dakopgre, Tura.
His thinking is different and superior to that of the Government Officers of various departments because he does not have an Annual Plan, a Seasonal Plan or a Seasonal Plan. Estimate Harvesting Amount and Other Income and Expenditure Purpose (ESS) which government officials do not have and that is why many fail in their implementation. and although they exist, most of them are only those that are called paper works which are plans only on paper and not in implementation.
Applicants should not be beneficiaries of Central Government, State Government or any AICTE Sponsored Scholarships.
Mawsiangbah Village, West Khasi Hills has continued to search for a man who went missing and did not return home after he went to look for kseh wood to burn.
The Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh dd and the faithful of the Diocese who are concerned about the COVID-19 pandemic which has spread rapidly around the world and many of its citizens India has been affected by the COVID-19 (Coronavirus) although the disease has not yet spread to Meghalaya, but the Bishop and the faithful of the Diocese have taken action. not to cooperate with the government.
The Waheh Shnong of Mihmyntdu, Abul Phawa, said that an ejahar was lodged on July 30 against Fortunate Pala at the Jowai Police Station.
Shillong: The North Eastern Zone Cultural Centre, Dimapur has organized a painting workshop at the North Eastern Zone Cultural Centre, Guwahati, Assam.
The government has appointed a four-member committee of inquiry headed by R Rapthap IAS and the report will be submitted to the government as soon as possible. that teachers should not hold any protests that would affect the sanctity of the school and its surroundings.
Mawreng Sports Club beat Nangkiew Irat Sports Club 6-0 in the Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 held in Shillong on Saturday afternoon. Sports Association (SSA) inside ground 2nd ground polo.
Shillong: U Pynshngaiñ Syiem, MDC from Pynthor Umkhrah Constituency, on Tuesday said that the Parliamentary Leader of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Lamphrang Blah, has not yet informed him. He did not respond to the statement that he would leave the Congress party.
The day was also enriched by the choirs performed by the children, Nongbah Myrdon CE Society, Mawtari Myrdon CE Society and others who gave praise to the Lord through their holy voices.
"Every time we met, the answer was that this matter is being examined.
Lato, daughter of Riquoma Rq Laloo and Yoobina Lato of Panaliar, Jowai, has won the title of Miss India from Meghalaya.
Guwahati: The covid-19 virus has returned to Guwahati and many schools have been affected by the virus in the past two or three days.
The JSU said that East Jaintia Hills District urgently needs this office as the people involved in this office have to flee to Jowai to complete any work especially in relation to mining. and others and also to apply for mining licences.
The President of the KSU said that many of the people of Pynursla area who do not have accounts are facing problems after the banks do not work because they do not have accounts.
It covers an area of ​​28,869 sq.ft.
Nartap, who won the title, received a cash prize of T.30,000 and a trophy, while Jyntru, who lost in the final, received a trophy. She won T.15,000 and Triphy.
It also aims to support ITIs and Apprenticeship Training, improve teaching and learning.
The VPP MLA from North-Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, in the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly, has raised an issue which has shocked many residents. tuition fees in private as well as government-aided schools.
Therefore, the government has been directed to submit a detailed report and show how much electricity is needed in each district and how much of that need, the government can meet.
I am not saying that it is not necessary but Mawsynram needs and deserves a civil sub-division but it should wait.
According to a statement issued by the security department, after receiving a tip, the police of Kakching area together with the 37 Assam Rifles on Sunday night went to the scene. KCP police have arrested a KCP member from a hideout in Sekmaijin Heibong Makhong area, Kakching district.
“Even though he is hearing impaired, he can showcase his talent,” said Hilarius Siangshai and added that the Kur Phawa Siangshai wishes him the best of luck in this tournament. and to bring glory to the District, the State and the country as a whole.
The Squash World Cup has qualified for the semi-finals after beating South Africa 4-0 in the World Cup. The second and penultimate match of the match between the two teams from Pool B. One day after the national team beat Hong Kong 4-0 at the start of their tour in in the tournament, the national team, which is currently playing at home, has had to lose against South Africa; before another team from the same pool, Japan, will qualify for the semifinals.
Meghalaya has grown by 8.2% in income in 2021-2022, sources said.
My husband is a knowledgeable person.
The Behdeinkhlam festival is held every year to ward off the diseases in the society which can come in the form of diseases, illnesses, natural disasters and any evils in the society.
Women: Ewan Suchiang, Margareth Pathaw, Badalyne Kharbangar, Aibok Rina, Mihsngewbha Rymbai.
It is the mother who gives to her child the right to grow up in the religion, customs and traditions established by our ancestors in any country of the world.
Conrad K. Sangma also confirmed that both the states will continue to work together for the remaining six constituencies namely Langpih, Bordwar, Nongwah Mawtamur, Deshdemoria, Khanduli, Umkhyrni Psiar, Block. He also thanked the Minister of Home Affairs for his leadership, and it is because of him that the two states have come together to take steps. who ensure peace and harmony.
Monalisa Wankhar, Secretary of Bethany Society and Director of Bethany Society, Bertha Dhar, said that as residents, they have not received any information. on the intention of the Dorbar Shnong or the Government to relocate the land dealers to this village.
Even in the current tournament, the Association has found it difficult to hold this badminton tournament due to the lack of adequate facilities.
“We will see how it happens after the 2023 elections," he said.
It is because of the openness of this place, that many times the children used to come and play in this place and one day, on the 17th of November 2019, while the children of the village were playing here. Devin Sohtun, 9 years old, has fallen into one of these wells, but with the courage of Heprit Everbloom Nongrum, he has escaped. and rescue this child from a tragedy.
Pastors, don't force Conrad to be like the priest and the Levite who walked away when they saw the injured with their own eyes.
After these programmes, he will spend the night at Raj Bhavan and the next day, the 28th, before leaving for Delhi, he will visit these tourist attractions in the state.
The implementation of 5G will be phased in.
The cleanliness drive will be led by Bah GS Basan, Rangbah Shnong, Sandy Rumnong, President Seng Samla and Wer Sumer, Secretary Seng Samla.
Visitors should first and foremost respect the town and the people who live there.
SCA B beat Ri Bhoi by 4 wickets in the Zone 1 match at Khliehtyrshi and in the Zone 2 match, East Garo Hills beat South Garo Hills by 84 runs at Tura.
“I don't have politics, I can't work in the Hima because I don't have any decision, I don't have any decision,” said Bah Rapsang.
God hates the Jezebel behavior in the churches today, because they do not recognize the desires of Satan to destroy the human being in society, especially in the church.
In this area, the cold weather is also very cold but at the time of writing of this news, no news has been received on how many houses have been destroyed.
When asked whether there will be any opposition from the people especially as the NPP is leading the government with many allegations, Prentone said, “We will leave that to the wisdom of our candidates.
Shillong: The Union Minister of State for Electronics and Information Technology, Rajeev Chandrasekhar, on Tuesday said that the TMC has promised to provide jobs to the youth in Meghalaya. Meghalaya, is an empty promise, nothing because in West Bengal they have not been able to do what they promised before the elections, which makes the youth to He said that the TMC's turn to other states may be due to the fact that the rule of West Bengal has collapsed.
Speaking on the lack of VAB as mentioned by the government, KHNAM said that even the Constitution of the country can be amended hundreds of times, why can't it be passed when it can be amended again after all the amendments? lack.
The BJP's CAB is a ploy to get votes to encourage other ethnic groups,” he said.
Mulang Ialong FC managed to improve their play to score the first goal of Dulong's goal and in the 64th minute Nidaroi Mulieh scored the second goal through Nidaroi Mulieh. complete it to win the victory.
The UDP and HSPDP, which are part of the RDA, will announce their MP candidates in November.
He said the Government should not accept the demand of the tenants.
It will also be beneficial for improving the governance system,” he said.
On this occasion, Ma Holando said how the council has issued the NOC when many of the land of the people will be affected and the area is 6000 to 8000 acres of agricultural land.
“I have seen with my own eyes that the police have shaken hands with these mynder, what would be in their hands if it wasn't for the money,” said the President of the GSU. " he said.
At the same time they also borrow customs from other ethnic groups to enrich their own culture and perhaps the groups that now want to change the census from mother to father want to enrich their culture .
Speaking to media, EJNC President Sambormi Lyngdoh has already submitted a petition to the Minister of Education not to take action on this issue.
The history of Block I and Block II is well known that the relocation of Block I and Block II was only for the sake of peace in the Khadar administration.
The ceremony was led by one of the elders of Raij Marngar, accompanied by the Chairman of the Committee, Rgh Skor Jala, Rgh Hambok Kharmawphlang, Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang, Rgh Romeo, Chairman of the Committee. In which the ceremony was held again, it was a sign of the consecration of the ceremony once again to this Mawkynthei.
Fifty years ago we cannot forget that on this day 16th June was a memorable day, a day when a dark cloud of sorrow came upon the family, the children of Raij Jwai as well as inside the country. Waheh Kambell Chullai has passed away in the midst of the demands of the times to see more and more talents and knowledge which are blessings and benefits to the society.
Epiphany is celebrated to commemorate the day when the wise men met the infant Jesus.
Although the organization has planted the seeds for decades, but at this time, the people can see that the shylluid has started to appear which is more suitable for harvesting when the season comes.
“The DC has been informed that the installation of sound systems on the two wheelers has caused sleepless nights, sometimes from Laitumkhrah to Nongthymmai the sound can be heard,” they said.
The Khasi woman is the guardian of the household and all the property, especially the youngest child.
He said Bodofa spreads the teaching of 'live and let others live'
He said that only about 120 elders attended the Basan election and these elders were on the side of Bah Nathaniel, while more than 200 elders were on the side of Bah Nathaniel. about 300 more were at his side.
Explaining some of the activities of the AITC, Mahua Mitra said that it is the only party that is willing to stand against the BJP in India. The BJP has lost its strength in the past few years.
This song is available in three languages: Pnar, War and Biate.
“I have contracted the coronavirus.
Jowai, March 26: The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, Jowai will hold the 'Fit India Freedom Run 4.0 & National Unity Day Run, 2023 (Rashtriya Ekta Diwas)' for men and women (open category) on the theme “Swatchh Bharat”.
The Committee has recommended that the new Legislative Assembly should be built near the Home Guards and Civil Defense office at Mawdiangdiang or nearby.
He is a good advisor and points out the direct and easy way to reach the goal.
Hubert Riang together with other leaders of HSPDP Nongkrem including President D.Pyngrope recalled the work of Bah Shylla when he was the Leader of Nongkrem. After losing the election, he went to slaughter the pigs which he had given to the people in Mawpynthih.
If she leaves her husband, the problem will be for the young woman because she will have children without a father.
The items distributed to the VECs today at a meeting held at the BDO's office include 300 liter water tanks, emergency medicines, tarpaulins, borti, muk, chairs, chairs, tables, and other items necessary for the VEC office and for the contractors.
In Nongpyndeng, which is one of the villages with more than 3,000 voters, it was witnessed that the people of Nongpyndeng village have come forward to show that they have a strong spirit not only to win the election. Macmillan Byrsat is the current MLA.
Twelve schools from different parts of the state took part in the competition.
“We need to set rules for foreigners before they enter the state and that can only be done through the Inner Line Permit, we have to force foreigners to apply for ILP before they enter the state. buy a train ticket" he said.
Speaking to SP Sharma, CM Jha's lawyer said he does not know whether CM Jha has been arrested or not as he is in Guwahati, but he has made it clear that CM Jha will not be arrested. faithfully because he has already received bail.
Earlier, in recent months, the government had appointed an inquiry to conduct a thorough investigation into the smuggling of NRHM drugs at the Central Warehousing in Lawmali.
All these have been included in the Bill and this will ensure that the Standard Procedure will be strictly enforced so that the tourists who use the Rope Way will enjoy safety and security, while the residents of the state will have to use other types of rope way,” said Sangma.
Jesus told this parable for his disciples.
“I am ashamed that they are my children.
We have seen that many MLAs and their families have been damaged in the past four months.
The Umngot River is a source of blessing for the wealth, income and livelihood of the Ri-War community.
The Seng is also against speaking rudely, slander and slander.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 06: After the complaint of the market dwellers regarding the pollution of the Rambrai market, the West Khasi Students' Union Rambrai under the leadership of the President of the Samla Kyrmen Marweiñ has visited the Rambrai Market. They also visited the Rambrai market.
Inside the bus, 40 people were killed and 37 others were injured.
These are the problems that have put the Government in a difficult position as the debt of the State Government is increasing due to the inability to repay the debt already taken and the need to clear the debt that has already been taken. just finished taking new.
Even if the UDP 11 seats and the VPP 4 seats are added, it is still only 15 seats, which means that 15 out of 36 constituencies have not yet been reached,” he said.
Nongstoin, November 14: The residents of Nongstoin area have faced a serious problem in the payment of electricity bill to MeECL due to the lack of electricity bill payment points known as the Common Service Centre, which are the electricity collectors in Rambrai, Nongstoin and others.
There are 350 employees of the Assam Assembly Secretariat and the testing is ongoing. 18 people have died including both drivers and 123 others have been injured. An Air India Express plane carrying 190 people has crashed at Karipur airport in Kozhikode, Kerala.
He said that the main shortcomings are the road inside the village which needs to be improved and there is also a need for other roads to connect to other beautiful places in the village. they could no longer walk because it was far away.
The meeting of the CEC will be held at 11.00 pm.
Shillong: The North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health (NEIGRIHMS) has said that it wants to provide the best services to the people of the state by setting up health centers in rural and urban areas. parts of the city.
The following rules: The Union requests all the Dorbar Shnongs in East Jaintia Hills District to implement the above rules within their respective villages.
The funeral service will begin at 12 noon at the home, and at the Mawlai Presbyterian Church at 1 pm.
At this meeting, the KSU said that it has informed the authorities that the KSU cannot just listen to the complaints of the patients.
The district administration of West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday suspended the construction of an Assam Police Station at Saba, a village near Mukroh on the Meghalaya-Assam border.
“A nation that does not fight is dead,” said Hamletson, encouraging the political parties who have fought for the nation.
These departments of the government have been closed down in the past as the days go by, they have become increasingly closed down.
It is worth mentioning that during the distribution of certificates in Mawlai, there are still many villages which fall under Mawlai but do not fall under Mawlai Town Dorbar. However, these villages will be distributed their documents next month at the residence of Mawlai MDC Bah PT Sawkmie at Mawlai Nongpdeng.
The union urges the law enforcement authorities to conduct searches in the border areas as at such times it will be a serious threat to the people on the border if these people come from Bangladesh. They brought this virus to our Khasi country.
Shillong, June 03: The High Court of Meghalaya today said it is up to the Legislative Assembly and the Government whether to implement the Roster System in the Reservation Policy of Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today received a complaint from a Khasi youth who said that he was shot without any reason at Goraline, Laitumkhrah.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that the government will convene a meeting of the political parties under the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) and other NGOs to discuss the roster system. .
The Meghalaya Police have successfully summoned the man who had already surrendered the knife and started walking and standing in the community in the village.
You have a good foundation.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Meghalaya and Greater Shillong Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (MGSPHSVA) and Thma U Rangli-Juki have rejected the Meghalaya Street Vending Act. , 2014 and demanded that the state government should impose the same rules as the central government's law on land dealers.
Two illegal drug dealers from Sohiong, Mawngap and Iewduh were also arrested.
So it will be difficult to take a decision now,” said the President who is also the MLA of Nongthymmai.
It is understood that the wife of the MLA was supposed to withdraw T.45,000 from the account, but she was told that the money was not in the account. France have won 2-1 in the final in Russia.
Nongpoh: From time to time, the Police Department has warned that drivers should wear seat belts while driving, but due to the safety of drivers, Dribar, today the Traffic Police in Nongpoh, conducted a surprise inspection and in this inspection, they arrested dozens of drivers, who violated the law and did not find the vehicle. wear a seat belt when driving.
Shillong: A group of Executive Members led by the Chief Executive Member of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, Tuliram Ronghang, today met with the CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem. office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
This was announced in a statement by RWDO Nongjri Circle President and General Secretary.
After this, the match was taken back to extra time, where both teams could not score, and in the end to decide who will reach the final, Laitkor SC won the tie breaker by scoring three goals, while Marbisu SC won the tie breaker by scoring three goals. will score only 2 goals.
“In the past years, the Congress has called for talks with the political parties to discuss if the CM remains silent on the ILP demand of the state in front of their doors many times. “The state government will pass its own law which can be done in accordance with the Constitution of India, where the Congress government has introduced the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act”.
Along with the video, articles related to the death of Khalistan Tiger Force (KTF) leader Hardeep Singh Nijjar in Canada were also posted.
This conflict has been going on for some time and is not new.
Shillong, July 16: U Lalrofel Dernong, 18, has been arrested from Dongpata in Madanrting on Saturday at 7 pm.
Speaking in the Budget Session on Tuesday, the Governor said the government has prepared a plan to ensure that the National Games will be a success.
(iii) The Supreme Court of India, on 12.2.2006, has ruled that “the offshoots of a tribal woman married to a non-tribal husband cannot claim Scheduled. Tribe Status" (children born of a marriage between a tribal woman and a non-tribal husband cannot become scheduled tribe themselves).
Shillong: BSF troops have seized two Bolero pickups and seized a large quantity of shni and other items worth T.15 lakh.
Earlier, the party had also announced three election manifestos.
We also see that the demand to amend the Reservation Policy has not reached the ears of the Garo people and they have strongly opposed and will never allow the amendment of the Reservation Policy. The State of Meghalaya while we are still in the same State because we have been ruled and administered by them since the beginning of Meghalaya.
The AIFF has announced that the team will be coached by Ignor Stimac, which has recruited mostly players under the age of 23 and has also allowed to recruit three more players. Rangbah is the senior player.
Of these, 128 have been identified as SMB employees and 56 as employees of other Government departments.
For this reason, the national parties eventually collapsed.
The main objective of the program is to promote trust and understanding between the people of Japan and the Asia Pacific region, as well as to build friendship and understanding between them.
This bapli is still valid.
Therefore, the authorities have informed all the visitors to this place that it has been temporarily closed down because it is no longer suitable for use and has to be repaired. shwa tat until you are informed of another.
The people living in this area are mostly farmers who grow tympew and kwai and the market they used to visit is only in Umtyrngar. There are about 17 villages in this area. within the Mylliem Hima of the Marwet Raid.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and Governor Gulab Chand Kataria visited Guwahati and arrived at the airport where they welcomed Dhankar.
There is also a campaign called “Meghalaya Deserves Better”, which exposes the failures of the MDA government. However, the state will soon see a fierce election campaign through social media using modern technologies.
However, these ponds have not been able to produce as much fish as expected, but have turned into empty fish farms.
Rising Hills School won 3-2 goals against Mootyrchiah.
Shillong, March 11: Hundreds of people from near and far on Tuesday paid their condolences to the relatives, children and wife of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa, Kong Indalin Lyngdoh Marshyllong. The remains of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa, a mountaineer who died in the collapse of Draupada Mountain in Dandi, Uttarakhand on the 4th of this month, have been laid to rest.
And all this shows that it is the incompetence of the government.
Sachin Binu (14.23s)Men’s Hammer throw: 1.
The people of Ri-Bhoi should be vigilant and watch out for the sale of land to foreigners especially to brokers or agents, said Bah Jeffrey Pathaw in a statement.
He said the reason for the decision to appeal to the Lokayukta is after seeing in the media that it is ready to investigate the matter if there are complaints because according to the law the Lokayukta cannot accept it. to investigate without any complaint.
After receiving a tip on the 11th of November, the department has received a tip and arrested a group of people who smuggled or trafficked these animals from West Karbi Anglong District to West Jaintia Hills.
At the 'Iadaw Masi Rong in Wahiajer, there were 32 thousand (or jur) cow candidates who performed to entertain thousands of people.
, etc. as well as health institutions, educational institutions, etc.
According to preliminary reports, Jackson left the event after a while, and went to be with the crowd.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has sent a COVID-19 appeal to all the Waheh Shnongs of the villages in East Jaintia Hills District. he urged them to stop immediately.
The 40-member Mizoram Legislative Assembly will end on November 15,
This road is under construction.
Conrad K Sangma in his speech also paid tribute to Vishwa and sent his condolences to the family members of Vishwa and sent his condolences to all the table tennis players.
Himanta Biswa Sarma will accompany Bah Himalaya in the registration tomorrow.
Conrad said the government has handed over the task to the Law Department to fulfill the requirements under the Meghalaya Building Bye Laws and Town Planning Act
The Seng also found that these shops use even rotten jhur and jhep, the clean water is used with wastewater and the method of cooking tiew is also dirty. and I cleaned my body to the point of death.
The Central Government has recently introduced the Election Laws Amendment 2021 and it has been passed by the Legislative Assemblies, Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.
The clean-up was conducted after parts of Syntu Ksiar were covered with colorful plastic which was left by the floods in the second month of June this year.
Therefore, to ensure the safety of the people in coming and going and to avoid any tragic incident from the collapse of this bridge which has affected many villages in Western Ri Bhoi, these village leaders have set up a They request the PWD department and the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District to take action to prevent these vehicles or trucks from overloading the border so that it will not endanger the bridge.
“We Khasi living in these 18 villages do not demand anything against the Constitution of India but we request the Central Government, Assam Government and Meghalaya Government to resolve this issue through mutual understanding. and allow us to fall within the border of Meghalaya because our way of life and customs and traditions are Khasi,” said the Union in a petition to the Prime Minister.
The Secretary of Lumshnong, Ma S.Rupai, on hearing of this incident, said that he is not happy to have such a person who violates the dignity of women. the glory of the city.
At the same time, he urged the Assam Police not to use excessive force against the Khasi Pnar residents in the border areas. authority from the District Council through the Sanad which contains markets and schools.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: There has been no doctor at the PHC in Khrang (Khatarshnong)-Sohra constituency for eight months now. General Secretary Pyntngenlang Khongsit and members of the PHC on the 13th of this month met with the Director of Health Services, Shillong to discuss the non-appointment of Lab Technician at the PHC which has been opened since 2013.
On 15th July 2022, when India turned 75, Prime Minister Narendra Modi urged us all to join us in the journey of India's transformation into a developed country. Before 2047, that is, before we will celebrate 100 years as an independent country.
Therefore, on the 14th July, 2019, the name of a person from Lumparing, Shillong who is not even the owner of the village who knows the situation and problems of the people of Rambrai was released. “In Rambrai, we don't accept Family Politics because we need a person who is a villager and a person who knows. The NPP has decided to appoint a World Champion who is a villager and a young man who is educated and knows the problems of the people of the area,” said Bah Thongni.
Meghalaya also fought hard to turn the ball forward and should have scored through Sangti Janai Shianglong but was saved.
Shillong, Lber 13: The EM in charge of the Elaka Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and Symbud CEM, Bah PN Syiem, on Tuesday said that The boundary arrangement in the second phase will be taken based on the historical facts and this will be discussed within the Regional Committee and the EC will invite the opinions of all the MDCs. .Mawthadraishan MDC Jambor War was responding to a question by Mawthadraishan MDC Jambor War who asked for the land allocation of five different areas on the border of Meghalaya and Assam. in the Khasi Hills to be arranged in the second phase.
The brews of that time wanted to show only the colors of the world, while their hearts were far from God.
He said that the civil society is ready to submit to the government after reading the 52 laws passed by the state government.
The incident occurred during Question Time on the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
Referring to the Education Minister of India, Dharmendra Pradhan, he said that students should not be forced to have Aadhaar and should not lose any benefits when they are entitled to Aadhaar. .
Shillong, March 30 : The telephone consultation on health issues is part of the efforts to assist patients living in the most remote parts of the state to access health services. This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma with the aim of ensuring that there will be no online learning during the COVID-19 pandemic. Meghalaya in June 2020 amidst the COVID-19 pandemic to connect patients with health facilities so that they can learn about the diseases they have which was previously only at district headquarters and also in the state capital.
Thousands of people attended the funeral of the two daughters of Lucy on Sunday.
It is obvious that the border demarcation between Meghalaya-Assam has ended only at the negotiating table of the government officials by holding social or status-quo that development works in the border villages should be informed before implementation while Assam has with sop sop and work.
These donations by the Trust to the Hospital have been a great blessing not only to the management but especially to the patients.
Police today, together with Bah L Kynjing, MCS, SDO, Sohra, in the presence of Bah AS Mukhim, left for the dorbar hall of Jasir Shella. , Magistrate, Bah P Syiem MPS, Bah B Kharjana MPS along with 70 policemen.
P Daniel, Secretary, CVC and Wormila Jasmine Keishing, Deputy Secretary, CVC As part of the campaign for a corruption-free society, the Government of India has launched many initiatives to strengthen the corruption-free society. anti-corruption approach.
Mobile phones and computers are one of the easiest examples of how adults find it difficult to use them, but children even those who have not yet attended school find no difficulty in using them. they.
Furthermore, many of those who live in the furniture industry and others who use light have lost their jobs.
The speech was delivered by T.Bn.
The HNLC said that this is an insult.
“I am sorry that the police did not take even a phone call when I asked about the complaint and this has discouraged the residents who come from poor families. even the rights they deserve are poor because they don't have money to talk.
In fact, the Government has advised him that since the two-year power struggle is equal to 14-14, it is difficult for either side to manage its affairs properly. Therefore, an Administrator shall be appointed by the Lat and shall conduct the affairs of the District Council, as provided for in the Act and as has been done in the past, in such cases.
Does Reliance Company have a service or a robber? If other companies hadn't come soon, I think many of our people would have been robbed by this company.
The President of the KHNAM State Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah, has written to the Executive Director of the State Disaster Management Authority (KHAM) to immediately remove the suspect from his post. The office should publicly announce the vacancy so that many unemployed youth can apply.
Surprisingly, this year, although the government has not implemented the closure of the dam, no commemoration has been held.
However, after two years of age, they died on their own and now they are able to walk and stand after three times of surgery.
Other speakers included the General Secretary of the RBYF, Bah L.Sawkmie who said that before the meeting, there was a lot of concern and doubt among the RBYF. Where will the ILP protest go, but the turnout of the crowd who filled the student square has encouraged the political parties to continue the protests.
Speaking on the occasion, the Doloi urged the residents of Jowai to participate in democracy as it will strengthen the foundation of society and ensure that the future of democracy will be brighter. shine.
The meeting was also attended by MLAs including UDP Youth Wing President Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State, Balajied Synrem, UDP East Khasi Hills President Titos W Chyne, General Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, Working President Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Vice President Bah Allantry Dkhar.
However, he said that the health department has stopped the company from starting the work. Two months ago, he said, the committee had ordered the department to start the work. He said that the committee has not yet decided whether the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has listened to the order.
in the law of the world it is not right in God's sight.
Furthermore, it was decided to convene an election meeting on the 19th of this month at Hynniawmer.
The elders say that there is no cure for these diseases.
At a meeting today at the Shillong Press Club, journalists decided to send a letter of apology to James Sangma for his violence against a senior journalist. state.
It doesn’t mean there’s just that much.
“At the time of construction of this road, the company has made a mistake because the land does not have the right type of liewlong as it is said, but what is surprising is how the company has not looked into it. The PWD department has not conducted a proper survey and now this company has come to cover up its tortious work. “It's not useful in the morning and evening especially in the cold weather,” said Bah Syiemlieh.
Then I too in my sorrow I show them, that to the Bangladeshis who come from time to time into our country into India, why don't you speak and don't speak many words.
They shall be judged tomorrow.
The two ministers also attended the Cabinet meeting held this evening for the first time since they assumed office.
On the other hand, the way of the cross reminds us that Jesus stands with and fights for the rejected and persecuted.
With the amendment in 2021, the Lokayukta has been implemented. For ease of operation, the word “and” has been replaced by “or”.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has seized T 8889 crore by groups in the ongoing Lok Sabha elections.
There are 38 of these birds and the forest department has also protected them.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Mawshynrut constituency, Bah Gigur Myrthong, on 2nd June, went to the Returning Officer of the WKHD to complete the registration of nomination papers for the 2023 elections.
ULFA (I) leader Paresh Baruah is currently undergoing treatment at a hospital in China.
He will be detained in Tihar Jail,” said the officer.
However, the most important need of the people is adequate health facilities.
Destruction does not occur when pride is too high or when it is too slow and slow.
According to reports, the government has given a good reason to those who instigate the protests of the political parties, especially the politicians who support the protests of the political parties on the ILP in this election. state.
At the age of 14, he agreed with his mother to focus on football.
This question should not be asked.
Speaking to Kynjatshai, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that the decision of the court on the Roster System shows that the Legislative and Executive are weak because in many areas they have to fight with the court.
The Congress youths burnt the portrait of the Union Minister as a sign of their protest against Giriraj Singh's remarks against Congress President Sonia Gandhi.
Many people have suffered losses due to the rain and floods, many rice fields have been affected, thousands of fish ponds have been destroyed, thousands of fish have been lost in the middle of the night. The most unfortunate thing is that some of them sleep peacefully at night but when they wake up in the morning they cannot leave the house because the house is flooded.
After the cleanliness on the 2nd Jan 2021, the Society will allow tourists to visit the site by requesting all visitors to maintain all protocols according to the directives of the government.
Jowai, Nailar 07: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held on Tuesday at Sta Nang Kiang Stadium. , Northeast Jowai.
He said that these two MLAs were MLAs in the 1970s and 1980s but apart from Bah Hober Hynniewta, Bah JD Rymbai and the current MLA Bah Lambok Mylliemngap, they are not from Jirang. .
Nongstoiñ, July 21: Ribok Marwein, 26, of Nonglang, South West Khasi Hills, has been arrested on Tuesday morning. District, died after being caught in an electrical shock.
“If you (the Government of India) reject the Instrument of Accession (IoA), we will consider it a violation of the Constitution,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 7: There will be no new appointment of Ministers in the State Government in November, 2015 which is also the half-term of the State Government led by the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs. the Congress party.
Others who attended the function included Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem as the chief guest, Bah Samuel Biam, President of the SSMP, Samran S. Syiem, Sengbhalang leaders and others.
It may be recalled that on the morning of the 22nd, a truck carrying firewood and a Maruti car carrying rice came carrying wood and and the father of the field shall be their field.
Therefore, he said that IS is a serious threat to the people of Afghanistan these days, as hundreds of people will be injured and killed from time to time while the authorities Afghanistan's government has not been able to provide adequate security for the country.
Police said that the militants opened fire on the police and suspected that the perpetrator was the Area Commander of the GNLA, Jimmy.
“Because of the government's negligence, it has allocated T.85 crore to strengthen the factory,” he said.
Rowel's remarks came after Pynshngain told the leaders of NHIDCL in the presence of the Managing Director that the KHADC will not issue NOC at all. government to build this road.
Laksein C&RD Block, the oldest block in West Jaintia Hills District, has been upgraded to Sub-Division status.
If the Opposition is strong, the government will be strong and many things will happen.
On the other hand, the KSU has strongly condemned the doctors who conducted the post mortem by saying that even after 8760 hours these doctors have not been able to submit the report. The hospital and the police department should take immediate action on this matter.
At the end of the tournament, the East Khasi Hills District team won 11 gold, 11 silver and 10 bronze medals.
Police on receiving information about the incident rushed to the village and arrested Jansing for further investigation.
Shillong: UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh has rejected the allegation by the PDF that money has been used too much in the mid-term elections in Shella.
Subject: The Sohra Labor Union of Sohra Area is very concerned about the influx of tourists to Sohra area at this time, because according to the findings, many of them are foreigners.
In this regard, Sindhu played well and defeated Japanese opponent Aya Ohori 21-16, 21-2 11.
“I have seen the situation in the state in terms of khaddar rule so the little knowledge I have gathered, I want to use it to make Meghalaya a beautiful country again,” he said. state.
Dignitaries who witnessed the closing ceremony included Bah Primson Makdoh, HSPDP candidate from Umsning Constituency, Bah Aibor Khongjee, Bah M ADC of Ri Bhoi, Bah Sumar Swer, President of LJWDA and others.
Regarding the issuance of Scheduled Tribe Certificate, many Khasi have gone to collect the ST Certificate from the office of the Deputy Commissioner because they said that the issue by the District Council has not gone well.
The firm stand of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem against the passage of the Prevention of Disqualification Act, 2015 by the Government of Meghalaya has now come to an end and it is clear that the state government especially the 12 servants of the Prime Minister have not yet completed their legal matters.
Do the Khasi Christians and the Khasi Catholics not say to Mary Magdalene “Hail Mary.
Police of ICP Petrapole have received a tip-off about the presence of a man who smuggled gold from Bangladesh to India via a Royal Friendship International Passenger Bus.
This decision has prompted them to leave the court.
In another development, HITO East Jaintia Hills today lodged a complaint at Lumshnong Police Station against these two employees of the factory.
Speaking to media, KHNAM President Bah Thomas Passah said that during the meeting with the CEM of KHADC, KHNAM has received its opinion to the Council on the issue of non-compliance. 128 (I) AD Rule.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) has staged an indefinite strike to stop the transportation of dewbilat from the 6th of this month. The new vehicle has been announced by the State Government through the Department of Transport.
They have done the duty they have taken since the election.
Not only that, the tax on rice and wheat will also be reduced by 5 percent.
These children, who fall under the jurisdiction of 33,115 Anganwadis, are about 4 lakh and are aged 3 to 6 years and this will amount to a cost of T.61.5 crore per annum. The name of the Poshaka Balyam scheme, which was implemented by Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan.
“Now we stand firm on the ground to demand the resignation of the Principal,” they said.
However, the sad thing is that from time to time there are orders to remove plastic, but they cannot stop and this has destroyed the trust of the buyers and confused, even the sellers because of the The seller doesn't give plastic. This shows the fraud and lack of trust from the customers.
It has been 29 years since he was with us, we are bringing this project for the people of Laitumkhrah.
Dr Phervision Nongtdu, said that the JSU should take care of education because education is low and declining in Jaintia Hills. The government should follow up on the demand for CUET examination center in the state especially in Jaintia Hills as now students have to go abroad to write examinations.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Meghalaya government today announced that it has launched a Help Line Number for the residents of Manipur. in the midst of the controversy.
However, they have their own rules and regulations in the dissemination of news and should not publish what they get without first investigating the facts.
First point: He gave them life.
Many pray to be rich but God says – “Those who desire to be rich fall into temptation and a snare and many senseless and hurtful desires, which plunge men into destruction and ruin” 2nd Timothy 6:9.
“However, at 9:00 pm we received a phone call from her (Bah Shanbor) mobile phone but it was spoken by a man who had called from Mawlai Nongkwar Patarim.
The BSF troops are the border guards. How does he want to set up camp near the Assam border? He should protect himself from foreign enemies. Bangladeshi authorities have taken advantage of the smuggling and even robbers have taken advantage of the border area due to the negligence of the border troops.
It was after a thorough investigation by the police that they were the ones who instigated the incident.
Titosstarwell Chyne, Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP) who has been removed from the post of CEM of KHADC, said that the no-confidence motion is only to make peace in the KHADC. you are the world.
The District Magistrate issued this order after receiving a complaint regarding the presence of people who are mining shyiap using the powers to clean up the shyiap that has already been mined. illegal and pollutes the surrounding rivers including the Kynshi River.
The Hynniewtrep people have their own special customs and traditions on marriage, divorce, inheritance and participation, child support and child care.
I have written to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, that the Corona virus or Covid-19, is increasing and increasing rapidly in Meghalaya these days, because the Government has left the infected in the long-term. in their own homes and in their own villages.
The order is in force from 6 pm to 5 pm and the reason is because there are groups who disrupt traffic and peace in parts of the district, the report said.
b) Khadar means the ability to run the Government, so that the Government shall act in accordance with the policies prepared before the elections.
“They had the opportunity to see firsthand the work that the Society does and also praised their work.
Jowai, March 14: The State Coal Owners' Forum (SCCCOMDF) today lodged a complaint against the government through the Transport Department for the failure to issue a challan for the coal miners. The coal will be transported by 12 shaka vehicles with a capacity of up to 19 tonnes according to the order of the Supreme Court and the order of the NGT to the State Government.
“You don't have petrol; it’s in us and I know there’s a lot of pressure on young students, but the wifi’s are there so it won’t affect too much and to just turn it off for a while, there’s help but not to cancel for days, but ai I will support this government,” she added.
In 2020, although teachers did not go to school, but the government provided their salaries and the government has spent a lot during the covid pandemic and many of the officers lose their arear, and therefore, it is up to the teachers to have a collective focus, he added.
The Minister hoped that in the coming years, the central government will introduce more schemes to develop the dairy sector.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 01: With the intention of giving their full support to Everest Manner, who has reached the grand finale of the Meghalaya Super Star 2016 held in Shillong, on Thursday, the leaders of the RBYF, Byrnihat Circle, has organized a live show at Moonlight, Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District, to showcase the dancing talent of this young man and as a big support from the people of the area.
Both the letters were signed by Andrew Simons, Commissioner & Secretary, State Legislative Assembly.
Jowai, Naiwieng 08: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at Nangbah Stadium. , Northeast Jowai.
He also complained that he was abducted to another place in a Scorpio and threatened if he does not withdraw the FIR. Suiam, Gen.
According to media sources, the HSPDP will hold a meeting soon to discuss the reasons for its defeat especially in Rambrai and Nongkrem.
In another game, Arsenal came out with the same goal and desire as they did last season, when they beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 .
The five organizations also invited all the Rangbah Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District to take the time to attend the meeting so that the meeting can run smoothly.
Scientists who have conducted their research and data collection have found that many cannot achieve those goals of ours.
“This place is one of the places where the vehicles of the passengers and especially the tourists, used to stop for food and drink and many of the indigenous people They have set up shops as a source of income for them and if this weighbridge is set up it will be a great loss to the people who have earned their living by selling shops in this area,” said Bah Raynald Kharkamni.
Because of the draw and equality of strength, it took place in both halves of the match, which ended in a draw, without anyone being able to score.
Nongpoh, Nailar 14: Speaking at a training program for the students of RBP Higher Secondary School, Ri-Bhoi District, E Kharshandi, Ri-Bhoi District, on the dangers of drugs. The district is one of the four districts which is at high risk of drug trafficking which is also the gateway for drugs to enter and leave the state because through this district it is the route to others. other districts in the state.
Joshua 10:13–14.
Latiplang said the GSI has been directed to submit a proper report when exploring and exploring for mineral resources in the district council areas. The GSI does not provide an estimate but sends it directly to the State Government while the District Council does not know how many minerals there are and how much share it should receive.
The chief guest on the occasion will be Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare etc. and the second chief guest will be PDSEO Khliehriat.
In fact, as the community leaders, he should have found out the root cause of the incident by going to talk to both the cases, but this man did not do so and did not go to meet with the village authorities.
Many households in South Tura have lost the right to drinking water,” said Marak while exposing the false claims of the MDA Government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma.
It was a happy moment for these families in the village to see that some paradoh parasnam have come to visit this place which has never happened since the ancestors. He settled in the Hima Tripura between 1940-1
Our meeting was one of friendship and another was that we used to learn, because there is a case, which has been filed against a Dkhar policeman. Rupang newspaper, Peitngor (as Editor Bah Nongsiej) and happily, it is only half a year and after 15 years of struggle, that we have won this case, which we write that one of the police officer, involved in prostitution.
What was God's purpose to gather the Israelites after He had scattered them? There is a great purpose of God for Israel, and for the whole world through Israel.
“The traders have not been able to explain why they are cutting kilos and this shows that it is an insult to the farmers who cannot make their voices heard by the relevant authorities,” he said. added.
The raid was attended by the Waheh Shnong of Loomsoiung, Newhill, Marsan Pakma, members of the Executive Committee of Loomsoiung, Newhill Infiltration Police.
He said that the inability of the factory to operate has created a problem for the workers who have been working without salary for nine months now.
As a rural school which still has many shortcomings, the school authorities have appealed to the Chief Executive Member of the area to discuss with them to provide for the basic needs of the school including the sanction from the school. for science and mathematics teachers, basketball court, karma for teachers and students, because as of now in the school there are not enough karma.
“According to the agreement, the Forum should have paid the bill for the temporary construction during these two days of the Monolith Festival from the money it has collected, but the Forum has not been able to pay the contract. said Bah Tein.
According to police sources, on 23.08.2021, an FIR was lodged against Treda Sungoh, alleging that he was involved in the rape and assault of a 15-year-old girl in and 23rd of August
They also urged the Manipur government and the central government to protect the Christians in the state, especially by taking steps to end the violence and restore peace to the people.
A day earlier, Nitish on Tuesday flew to Delhi and used two planes to carry MLAs and political party leaders to meet the Governor of Bihar. Keshari Nath Tripathi to force him to allow him to form a government, due to the delay of the Governor in taking a decision on the power struggle in Bihar.
Shillong: U Bah Toniak Marbaniang, 72, resident of Laitumkhrah, Shillong, passed away on November 15,
NESO – including the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), All Assam Students' Union (AASU), Naga Students' Federation (NSF), Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP), Twipra Students' Federation (TSF), All Manipur Students The AMSU, Garo Students' Union (GSU) and All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) have strongly opposed the Central Government Bill as it will destroy the land owners of the area if allowed. Hindus, Sikhs, Jains, Parsis, foreigners to become citizens of India.
Jowai, June 20: The 33rd District Level Industrial Exhibition-2022 was held today 20th by the office of the General Manager District Commerce & Industries Centre, Jowai West Jaintia Hills District today as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of of achieving a formal state.
“We are considering to introduce a bill in the House to ban the employment of PSs in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution,” he said.
Of these, 486 were estimated to be in England and 11 others were not counted.
BJP leaders and other public leaders have done their utmost to urge the Prime Minister to withdraw the Assam Riffle from Manipur.
At the age of 20 years I got a government job and became an interpreter between the French and the Khasi, the Khar Bangalee and the Khasi, and so on.
All the people of Meghalaya are still waiting for the MDA government, but what has happened to the border demarcation raises a big question mark? which can do good things, not the people because the government itself is the power of the people.
The decision will come into force till 2020 and an allocation of T.5300.00 crore has been allocated for the completion of the remaining projects. The Cabinet, today, will serve until October
Besides, the decline in education is due to the fact that the leader and the government have not taken care of the schools that provide education and the union will investigate the truth.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, four districts have four active cases in East Jaintia Hills, West Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi District. .
He said it is up to the Central Executive Committee (CEC) to discuss any proposal so that it will be for the benefit of all.
The Lajong team has been provided with escorts to the airport, and we are trying to do our best to provide them in a safe manner to bring back the residents of the state.
On arrival at the DTO office in Nongpoh, Rahul Gandhi along with thousands of people marched to the Pahamsyiem Nongpoh Square and held a public meeting there.
On the other hand, the lawyer said that there is no case against Bah Iangrai in the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
Therefore, the coming of Jesus to this world does not mean that he came to abolish the Law, but to fulfill those Laws or to improve them.
This also came after a video related to the depiction of the rape incident that took place in November 2023 went viral recently online.
Besides, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that with the passing of the days, the Khasi people have declined in terms of morality, and the clearest evidence of that is that the Khasi people do not know how to respect anyone. those people who have done great things for the nation, but they shall honor them until they have passed away and at that time they shall remember or lay flowers to them.
It is expected that this initiative will provide access to clinical jobs to nursing students and will provide better care to patients in medical colleges.
On the part of the Mynsngat Presbyterian Church, in a short meeting, it congratulated Mr. Sniawbhalang.
The Chief Secretary today announced that the Chief Minister has appointed new posts to several Ministers of the State Government.
There was nothing better in Israel in the days of Jacob, because they could buy grain from Egypt.
“Jagatsinghpur Superintendent of Police Rahul PR said they will also seek the assistance of the State Forensic Science Laboratory to examine the equipment attached to the legs of the parrot,” the source said. message.
We feel that our voice does not reach the ears of the government.
In a statement, HNLC Chairman Bobby Marwein and General Secretary Sainkupar Nongtraw said, “Recently, a part of the talks was held under the direction of the vice. -our former chairman.
Then, on the 22nd, he met three people, on the 23rd eight people, on the 24th three people and then on the 27th, he met one person; then on the 28th 5, on the 29th 3.
