Reliable and secure lending can only be obtained from banks and NBFCs registered with the RBI and entities regulated by the State Government under the provisions of the Money Lending Acts.
Miss G.Roy (Cherra), Sd.
Salman Khan, after being threatened again by Lawrence Bishnoi, has taken the opportunity to buy a bulletproof SUV so that he can travel safely.
My struggle with my fellow CEC members now is to stand for the right and the truth and not to want to be president.
The SP said that on receiving a tip, Laitumkhrah Police Station rushed to the scene and found the two suspects. who belong to one ethnic group who have been attacked by another ethnic group.
The Seng Kutsnem is a special day of the Khasi Khara people.
a public announcement will be made soon.
The fish seed farm has been constructed and maintained by the VEC, Lahalein under the MGNREGA scheme.
In this regard, the MBRRB of MHADA has urged the residents and owners of shops to leave these houses which are no longer safe for them to live in. They shall stay before the rain continues to avoid any tragic incident.
New Delhi: At least 288 people were killed and 803 injured in a train overturn in Balasore, Odisha on Tuesday night.
She said that the employee had already admitted to misuse and was suspended from his post on November 2,
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has approved a resolution by the CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla to demand that Assam should return Block I and Block II. Karbi Anglong District Council.
And in business there is no one who wants to lose money, and businessmen want only to gain a lot (personal gain).
“Firstly, it is the connectivity to the people, secondly it is the income generation opportunity not only for the people of the area but for the State as a whole and thirdly and most importantly, This road will serve as another road to East Khasi Hills and other parts of Meghalaya”.
She said that if Bah Ardent withdraws from the hunger strike, it will be for the good of all and it will also open the way for a meeting to discuss the issues and how to move forward without disturbing the people. canoe-canoe you nation.
She decided to go to the nearest sub center to get medicines and treatment but she didn't expect to be able to talk to the doctors through teleconsultation and get the names of the relevant medicines. and its severity.
“Ka Seng urges all MLAs, MDCs, Daloi, Waheh Chnongs, Sengbhalang and the people of Jaintia Hill to stand united against the proposal to build a railway line in this area. , until the implementation of the ILP,” he said.
The elected and confirmed office bearers of the JNC Sumer Circle include the President, Bah Sakilan.
Despite scoring three goals, PFR fought hard in the second half and managed to turn the tide through Elviorika Sohklet (57') before losing.
Because of this film has been canceled due to covid-19 and there are many who have not yet seen this film.
The military source said that 76 Indian soldiers, who were injured by the Chinese troops, are currently undergoing treatment, including 18 seriously injured and 58 injured. They are admitted to hospitals in Leh and other hospitals.
He said that KHUDA has withdrawn from its plan to contest the KHADC after it failed to win over other MDCs within the ARPA. The Congress MDCs have done a good job and have gone to talk to some of the MDCs within the ARPA and this happened only a day or two after one of the MDCs within the ARPA said that Pyniaid S Syiem has shown signs of threatening to dissolve the current EC.
The public is requested to inform the Deputy's office immediately if they find that the dealers are taking money from PMGKAY rice and less than kilos as well as NFSA and Non NFSA rice. Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone toll free No.1697, or call District Grievances Officer East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will set up a new committee to look into and finalize the Village Administration Bill (VAB) which has not yet received the approval of the Governor.
On the other hand, Bah Gigur Myrthong MLA Mawshynrut, said that in the last four years of his tenure as MLA, he has tried his best to provide assistance to the villages and the people. but he could not do all this in less than five years.
He said that the emergence of the Ri Bhoi Peoples' Council is not for us to be proud or to become a leader, but there are many reasons why the party is determined to continue working for the development of the Ri Bhoi Peoples' Council. The change in the Ri Bhoi District.
Besides Gokhale, TMC Rajya Sabha MP Derek O'Brien, MPs Dola Sen and Sukhendu Sekhar Ray, and TMC members Samirul Islam and Prakash Chik Baraik They were nominated by the party led by Mamata Banerjee.
Shillong, March 02: The water shortage in Mawkhar, Jaiaw, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh and other villages in the North Shillong Constituency has caused deep sorrow to the MLA of Bah Adelbert Nongrum. the residents.
Why do they delay this money,” asked the RTI seeker to the government.
The SP of East Jaintia Hills, said that out of the 8 mynder, 6 of them are foreigners from Bangladesh while 2 of them are from Bangladesh. from the state of Assam.
It is learned that the child cried out and ran to call people, and the villagers also arrived bran-bran and found that the body of the child had been stabbed with a knife. and his hands and feet were lame.
The deceased was identified as Samborlang Nongspung, 43, of Laitlum-Smit.
All vehicles coming from East and West Jaintia Hills will enter from Ummulong CHC, Moodymmai Junction and park their vehicles at Thadsamyting, Lumwalieh, while heavy vehicles will park at Lum. Challenged.
Also present on the occasion were Joseph Lambok Rymbai Vice President NKHD, Village Leaders of Mawroh Unit, members of Nongpoh Circle and Umsning Circle.
“We expect the Government to strive to expedite this work as soon as possible and we also urge the DC to expedite it as soon as possible,” said Shaniah Dkhar.
On the same day, 40 elders who have contributed to the development of education in four churches in the Nongbah area were honoured.
Khongtiang sustained injuries to his throat, hands and feet.
The militant, a doctor who treated Osama bin Laden, had been on the run for 25 years when he was arrested in the United States.
Public gatherings or gatherings of people are prohibited and all shops within the boundary of the market area should close their shops immediately.
On the 22nd, Mukhla Raij will play against Ladthadlaboh at 1:30 pm.
The BJP Mahila Morcha said that the man had done the same when he left the two political parties last year for personal gain in the country. politics and his desire to find green fields never ends.
The order was issued after it was received that there has been a killing of fish from Shka Wah Umsoh to Shka Wah Umsong, Wah Japuh and Wah Jaduh by blowing up bombs and using chemicals. .
In fact, if that teacher wants to contest, it is up to them because they have the right but they should not be disappointed if they win.
The girl died at 1:00 pm and her body was exhumed at 4:29 pm with the help of F&ES from Shillong.
When asked when the government will implement this scheme, he said that the government will implement the scheme.
We will not insult Garo from this meeting and we will not oppose anything against our Garo brothers and sisters, but our struggle is for the MDA government and all the ethnic parties who agree,” said Bah Ardent. .
Even now, I and the party workers are working hard and victory will come to us,” she said.
Sinha said Meghalaya and other states in the North East fall under Zone V where experts have estimated that a major earthquake could strike again at any time.
"No," said Deisy, "I know, today I learned from Linda, I'm not shocked anymore..." Riia turned and laughed immediately.
Because this village is located on the slopes of the mountains, you can hear the sound of people calling to each other.
In addition to T.10 lakh upon reaching the age of 23 years, children will receive health coverage through the Ayushman card which can be treated up to 5 lakh tyngka and contact through the Samvad helpline for treatment. help with headaches or headaches.
On the other hand, the residents of the village said that according to the news released on Tuesday, the allegation that politicians are involved is not true but only the exploiters. dark, not as it was written after the appearance of the chiefs and the princes for five years.
“It also said that according to Rule 20 of the Meghalaya Services (Conduct) Rules, 2019, “government servants cannot be members of, or participate in, any political party, or any group by participating in politics, or in any activity connected with politics, nor participating in, contributing to, or assisting in any field, or in any political movement or any activity.
Kynjai Para-I FC won T.50,000 and a trophy while Rishot won T.30,000 and a trophy.
Members shall be over the age of 25 years who are full citizens and shall not be convicted of more than 6 months.
“When it comes to the protection system, especially the use of force without the consent of the guardians, it is unacceptable considering the rights and truth,” said the AIM. Meghalaya has expressed its concern that there has been a lot of pressure on school children to complete the Aadhaar. A firm decision to state that Aadhaar should not be implemented in schools and should not be taken from the beginning of enrollment of students.
In fact, Chandmari Stadium in Tura is the venue for the Group-D match and witnessed the influx of spectators.
However, what has happened is that the raw form products which are useless are still available and are available everywhere.
He will come – “He shall enter into the glorious land (Israel), and many nations shall be overthrown” Daniel 11:4
He said that the upgradation of Laskein Block to a Sub Division will help the border residents to get adequate services from government departments.
Speaking on the occasion, AT Mondal said that the opening of the Ayurvedic College and the Research Department is a great blessing to the students of the North East through the university. Khanapara and this is an opportunity for the students to continue their studies at this university without having to travel to other states in India.
They don't have farsightedness and like to live only in a small pond.
Many of these deaths are due to the excessive heat that their bodies can no longer fight and control the heat and cold.
The residents have received tin roofs, playgrounds, Corona food, Kali roads and MLA and MDC schemes. The village has received good ration.
Conrad Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarmah visited Langpih.
In the second match, Sonapyrdi SC and Nongsning SC (FT) drew 1-1 each.
Police said Medius admitted that he was the one who killed Macborn.
They also urged the Deputy Commissioner to fully implement Section 14 of the Land Acquisition Rehabilitation and Settlement Act, 2013 regarding the acquisition of land for the purpose of erection of signboards.
The shooting death of four innocent civilians by the Assam Government Police and the Forest Guard Police has angered the people of Meghalaya.
In Zone 2, North Garo Hills will play against East Garo Hills.
In the case of calculations from 1000K onwards, it is sufficient to use the calculation known in English as Kelvin.
Regarding the visit to the patient's home, the ASHA leaders said that if the patient is not well and if he has to go to PHC or CHC for treatment, they will lose their medicine. the payment for those days that they went on medication.
The election is an election from the beginning, it was said that we have to work hard, and we have to work hard and declare victory, and we have to accept the decision of the people and we have to correct the shortcomings.
These are from the Marshall Islands, Marshall Islands, Iawlar and Sohphoh.
We urge the management of these tourist spots to put up or post such signs so that tourists will be vigilant in these places,” said Michal Chyrmang Vice President HYC East Jaintia Circle.
The question we want to answer is what is in this Board that this person does not want to retire or leave? Why doesn't the State Government want to release this person from this job? Isn't this against the rules? What is behind this action of the Government?
The four arrested were identified as Ashish Arya (32) of Basisthapur Bye-Lane No 3, Kamrup, Assam, Khrawbok Rongrin of Sohbar A, Shallang and Hopeful Nongtdu. , of Rymbai Synrang Shahkhain, East Jaintia Hills, and Yaman Bansal, 28, of Beltola Tiniali, Guwahati, Assam.
Shillong: The Awaken India Movement, Meghalaya on Saturday held a protest rally at Madan Malki to protest against the state government's efforts to force the people to take Covid vaccine. In her speech, Reality Syiem criticized the government for intimidating the people with many tricks to persuade the people to take this measure.
It is a road which passes through dozens of villages to Nongjri, Nongkulang in the South West Khasi Hills which is part of the Western Khasi Hills.
Pynshngain is an MLA who is fighting against the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma although they belong to the same party.
On the other hand, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, when asked about the demarcation of the Langpih sector, said that the Meghalaya government is hopeful that the demarcation in the second phase will be successful. be equal and steadfast without any differences or inconsistencies.
In another state (Jharkhand), statues of Mary and Jesus were erected.
Why don't those who go to church take off their shoes like Moses did when he saw the flame of fire and the word of God in the bush? Friends, get this understanding that our churches are school does not provide training.
Matthew 24:15.
According to these students, in Meghalaya, there are about 700 candidates who should have written the examination but they are still in the dark as the examination has not been held.
“In Assam alone, according to the Governor of Assam, there are 8 million or 80 lakh illegal immigrants from Bangladesh and other parts of the country,” he said. also in Meghalaya where the illegal entry of people and the registration of voters is very difficult for non-residents.
It is shocking that the basic needs of the citizens like health, education, food and livelihood, the State in the last five decades has not been able to provide them to the citizens “The PGI 2021 report prepared by the NITI AYOG shows that Meghalaya is the worst performing state in these areas. it is the bottom of the state in education.
In the second half, Erkai FC scored two more goals through Bah Marton Kharlartang. Erkai FC won by scoring four goals while Erkai FC scored four goals while Erkai FC scored four goals. Mawpud FC scored only four goals.
On the other hand, the leaders of these three organizations have also warned other land owners not to bring in foreign workers without proper documents. They said that they will continue to monitor and if they find that there are still others who are smuggling foreigners for personal gain without providing the necessary documents, they will not allow and will take strong measures. added.
There are also 2112 primary schools and 66 secondary and higher secondary schools.
(v) to grant to employees all their rights including; (a) five hours of work per day (b) holidays (k) to support medicine and health care, school fees and education for children (vi) to open public schools and hospitals doctors, staff and the best medical equipment.
He said that all the political parties will be invited to Delhi to discuss the immediate implementation of the ILP in the state.
Laitdom: Mawlai MLA Brighstarwell Marbaniang, while speaking at an election campaign rally in Laitdom, Mairang Constituency, on Tuesday said that it has been heard that the leaders of the National Parties or political parties from the but with the emergence of the VPP to oppose the Hindi speech of the Governor in the Assembly, other parts of India have become aware of the ethnic parties. , especially the VPP. Bright said that at the Workshop of MLAs of India held in Mumbai, when he met with MLAs from the North East and MLAs from South India, many They asked about the VPP which opposed the Hindi speech of the Governor.
Her visit to Meghalaya is part of the TMC's election campaign in the state, which will be held in June, which will last for two months.
“In the last two elections, we have witnessed that the party has not been successful but this time we will work hard to educate the people especially at the national level and how to reach out to the people,” he said. He said that the party will contest the Lok Sabha elections alone.
He said that in fact the school has taught the subject computer but there is not a single computer and there is not even electricity.
Hek said that the 42,000 injections, which will arrive tomorrow, will be distributed to the residents from 18 to 44 years of age. He said that the Government will discuss at the meeting how to provide the right injections.
“I have lodged this petition not only for my own safety but also for the safety of 69 other members of the dorbar and residents of Shella,” said Bah Ksanlah. on this Friday.
The SWSRJ demanded this after an emergency meeting held at Mihmyntdu after the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) and the JHADC failed to collect the garbage from the markets that have collapsed in Ladthadlaboh. , Iawmusiang and near Thomas Jones Synod College.
Jaintia Students Union (JSU) General Secretary Treiborlang Suchen and others told the DC that the area where the KAAC has installed the gate will still fall within the boundary of Khanduli village. The governments of Assam and Meghalaya have already demarcated the border.
Kharnaior said that the government's monthly payment of T.542 to the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) has not caused them much problem even though they work day labour.
The Deputy Commissioner has directed the Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills to send Police personnel to accompany the Magistrates.
NGOs have received food from the HYC and Ram Krishna Mission during the lockdown.
The father and son later died and donors are now searching for the mother and daughter.
In the midst of their grief, the Israelites cried out to God and God sent Moses to help deliver them from this captivity and God promised to be with Moses by telling him to take this rod of iron. He sanctified and led the Israelites out of the land of Egypt into the land of Canaan.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The people of Meghalaya today were shocked to see hundreds of NPP flags at the laying of the foundation stone for the improvement of the road from Nongstoiñ to Maweit.
The AAY rice will be distributed at the rate of 35 Kg per household, free of charge.
The delegation of Ministers who met with Modi included the two Prime Minister's Advisers, Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar, AL Hek, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Kyrmen Shylla, Marcuise N. Marak, AT Mondal and others.
“I have been told that MeECL owes up to T.650 crore to NEEPCO,” said the Nongthymmai MLA.
Uranium mining is displacement not development and will benefit only UCIL and not the Khasi people or the community of South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong: Twenty-five children and groups have entered the final of the Meghalaya Superstar Season-3 organized by the Meghalaya Dancers' Association (AMDA) and Sain Productions. to be held on the 4th of January,
From what was found when the residents of Umsarang village, gathered to condemn the unfounded allegation by the people of Pynthor Sohma, it is understood that the grounds that led these people of Umsarang village to They are angry with what the residents of Dong Pynthor Sohma have done, because they have some people who live in this village together with the people of Hima Khyriem, they have cheated and to get the Sanad Rangbah Shnong. sop sop to the people of Pynthor Sohma Village, so that they can show to the public that Pynthor Sohma Village has become a complete village.
He said the government is now preparing to create about 1 lakh jobs in the next 10 years.
When asked whether the state government will request more security forces, Tynsong said, “We are still considering this issue, but as I told you, we will not sleep and we will ensure the security forces. operation of the law.
Speaking to reporters, Chief Election Commissioner OP Rawat said that the elections in Chhattisgarh will be held in two phases, with the polling to be held on 12th November 2018 for 18 constituencies. Madhya Pradesh and Mizoram will vote on 28th November 2018, while Rajasthan and Telangana will vote on 7th November
The SDM said that a government delegation from across the Bangladesh border and an Indian government delegation will visit the Kamalasagar-Kasba border market next month. for the purpose of providing a budget for the maintenance of the market.
My father has retired as a peon from the PWD office. My mother is still working as a cleaner at a government hospital.
Earlier, a meeting will be held at Lad Mawroh (near KaFCI) at 10:30 pm.
Regarding the clarification of the Returning Officer (RO) of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, SC Sadhu on 9th June from the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit on the complaint that on the night of 8th June during the campaign meeting NPP election in Jaïaw, some people who allegedly are VPP supporters came to disrupt the meeting, the spokesperson said, the party will explain to the RO through a letter to be sent tomorrow on this matter.
Nongpoh: The Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (ASHA) today met with the leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (ASHA) in Nongpoh to discuss the issue of fighting against the planned eviction. The Dorbar Shnong Nongsier Jirang has arrested an ASHA worker in the village.
After the funeral service, the body of Ma ieid Hoping was taken to his village Mawkyllei and will be buried on the 29th of November at the Mawkyllei Presbyterian Cemetery.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: “I don't feel any difference even though I am now an MLA, but I feel that I am as I am, I feel that I am still a driver but I will continue to be like me. I will be a driver and I will be an MLA at the same time,” said Bahduh Diosstar Jyndiang.
The Seng Khynnah is a training center for the children of the Hynniewtrep people who are still attached to their traditional religion to teach about the religion of knowing man and knowing God of the Khasi.
She said that she is still waiting for the report to be sent by the Magistrate as assigned to investigate into the case and if it is found that he is really involved in the allegation, it means that the Magistrate will investigate the case. office will take action according to the provisions of the law.
Isaiah said, “Therefore the Lord himself will give you a sign; behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name IMMANUEL" Isaiah 7:14, means God with us, God came into the world to be with us.
She said that through this programme, one of the ways to raise awareness among the people is not to cut down trees as it is now in the cities or urban areas. The temperature has increased so while there is still time, the trees should be cut down so that it will not be a pollution to the air.
He said that the signage between India and Bangladesh in parts of Meghalaya is 443 km at present, 75% of the signage has been completed and the remaining 25%. in which this too is expected to be completed soon.
He said that the JSU has taken seriously the border issue and has already met with the Secretary of the State Government to urge the State Government to ensure that the Pnar villages in Block-I They should not return to Meghalaya.
Through this meeting held at Mawlasnai, many people from other parties in Mawhati Constituency, including leaders and supporters of UDP, Congress, MCPC and others, joined the Mawhati Constituency. The NPP, which was welcomed by Bah RM Mukhim, Working President of the NPP Mawhati and Ri Bhoi District, in the presence of other senior leaders of the NPP Mawhati.
This scheme allows all women in Meghalaya, whether they are employed, day laborers or householders to register for the benefits they will receive. 1000 per month and 12000 per annum if the All India Trinamool Congress wins the government in Meghalaya in the 2023 elections.
Speaking at the briefing, Senior Tuberculosis Laboratory Supervisor Bah Dajied S.Dkhar explained about the disease, how it spreads, the symptoms, prevention and treatment.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Syiem said that these members of the North Goa Zilla Panchayat arrived in Shillong on the evening of the 10th of this month. KHADC. He explained that the purpose of the group was to learn about the customs and traditions of the Khasi.
Then he can sell the older Sikmie and the poorer Sikmie who have less than T.30, T.40 or even T.50 thousand each.
Isn't it true that you have covered your shyllang with your feet?
“The Budget speech is a policy document that states the agenda of the EC, but when we look at the CEM's speech, the EC does not have a mission or agenda to improve the council,” he said. .
The two organizations, the KSU and the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), Jaintia Zone, after many people expressed their concern over the increase in the number of The District Transport Officer (DTO) has met with the District Transport Officer (DTO) West Jaintia Hills District to discuss the issue of drivers charging fares during the curfew.
Regarding the incident, Bah Ale Khongjoh, father of the youth, said that his son used to come home every Sunday, but he did not return home today. They went to look for him, but sadly, they found that the house had burnt down and the young man had died and was burnt to death.
Many nations or groups of people around the world have used the message and stories of the book of Exodus to fight and fight for freedom.
However, as I have not been able to send for check up since the beginning of the lockdown, the disease has resurfaced.
This article also led Dr. Amanda to receive the degree of Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.
She said that although the Mission Director (MD) of the National Health Mission (NHM) has called for a meeting with the leaders on the 18th of this month, if the meeting is not successful, the Union will continue. struggle.
For the ATM, they said it is a time consuming task as the machines come from abroad.
Our entrepreneurs have been fully supported through the PRIME programme.
The Minister, who visited the RO Plant and inaugurated the Water ATM at Khajan Basti in Mayapuri, said that four Water ATMs have already been installed and 500 others are planned to be installed. put in the first part of the implementation.
When the threat of death was confirmed, the soldiers opened fire on the tires of the truck with the intention of stopping the vehicle, but the driver turned to the right and hit the divider.
According to the information received under the Information Act, the department has collected hundreds of lakhs of rupees from shops, offices, hotels and vehicles alone. .
It is true and right that they should protest against such rude behavior of the Municipal Board in their areas.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 8: “Although the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam have already signed the soskular on the border settlement before the Union Home Minister Amit Shah, “The residents of the border villages have not yet confirmed until they have verified the exact boundaries,” said Bah KP Pangniang.
When asked about the UDP's position on this, he said, “We as the party have expressed our opposition to illegal activities in the state and the party MLAs have also spoken out against this issue. “They have said clearly that illegal activities will not be accepted,” he said.
Earlier, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy said that according to the survey, the people of India have rejected the Congress.
This is not attractive for our people and for the State as well," he said.
Only Lensbirth, the top scorer for EGH, is the second highest scorer in the tournament with 154 runs.
“We have informed them on some issues, in which we have informed them on the decision-making for some areas, in which on their part, they have expressed some concerns. “They have also given several suggestions in which they have expressed their desire to get a report on this matter,” he said.
JK Chauhan was led by Hercules Suting, President HYC Ri Bhoi, in the presence of Samla Bryan Sohkhlet, Vice President and other members of the HYC.
The BCCI has also announced that Ravindra Jadeja, the leading all-rounder of the country's cricket team, has been appointed as one of the players. player to be paid at a premium.
Only Vanlalhruaia (wicketkeeper) tied for 21 runs, except for him who did not score 100 runs, while seven wicketkeepers did not score runs.
Hurdles CC won by 50 runs against Pomshutia CC and Pynshaitbor Girodh was named Player of the Match.
When asked whether the creation of the youngest child as the guardian, but turned into the owner of the elderly, is the upliftment or backwardness of the nation, Bah Michael said that if it is not strengthened, but only the youngest child shall be strengthened.
The District Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 organized by the District Sports Officer, West Khasi Hills District has continued until Tuesday.
He said that these camps have been destroyed because they are like a shelter without adequate equipment because they have to flee from one place to another because of the attack by the army. Bangladesh every time.
What I want to say is, our country and nation is a country sealed by God.
I will try my best on my part,” she said.
“They came to meet me, I told them that the report of the Judicial Inquiry will be submitted to the Legislative Assembly in November. The government will have to follow the rules of the act,” he said.
“The reason is because there is corruption and there is no clean governance,” she said, adding that only the VPP has been willing to promise to fight corruption by doing so. 816 crore in the fight against COVID-19 in the state.
Fire & Emergency Services.
The race was accompanied by the Minister of State for Law and Justice Kiren Rijijju and the Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh Pema Khandu. walk a few meters.
The club was founded by Bah Sambor Surong on 27th July,
Doctors, nurses of NEIGRHIMS and other departments from Woodland, Nazareth, Children's Hospital, Ganesh Das and others were present at the ceremony.
The purpose of this recognition is to provide peace and employment opportunities to the youth from the North East of Pynursla.
On the other hand, the Jowai Municipal Board said that preparations are ongoing to ensure that there will be no more garbage dumping.
There are 808 teachers in Primary and 1874 teachers in Upper Primary and 2682 teachers in Upper Primary.
“Meghalaya has stagnated in all aspects, it does not have a policy for the youth, agriculture, education and all the policies are taken and followed from Assam,” he said.
“We have received the land and within this month we will confirm it and if the cow market can be relocated from Khanapara to Byrnihat it will prevent people from taking advantage and smuggling cows,” said Bah Warlarpih. .
Many of the programs implemented by government departments have been sought and reviewed as part of empowering women and girls for their future benefits.
He was arrested and imprisoned and later founded the UALA as its leader, with Singbirth Marak alias Norrok x Momin as its chief of staff.
The Republic Day celebrations are held across India and in the state as well, but the celebration in Kongthong seems to be the most different and the reason is that it has never been heard that an MP , he will attend Rakhe Republic programs and that too, in a small village in Khadarshnong area.
After receiving information about this, a few of us including the president of the village, we requested them to stop this meeting and warned them not to hold any meetings. related to Meghalaya within the border areas of Assam,” said Sanjit Rabha, Village Leader.
The death toll has risen to
In the investigation of this writer, it was found that the cause of the collapse was due to the improper excavation of the sharing of the road, which consists of large stones and the daily shaking by JCB machines and others, which destroyed the area and thus on Tuesday evening, collapsed completely.
The purpose of these UDP leaders and village leaders was to express their opposition to the government if it builds shopping malls in this area.
No writing shall be permitted on the walls or any other obstacles or to throw flags in public places.
Earlier, Lumpariat drew 1-1 with Chutwakhu.
Speaking to reporters, the General Manager of the Food Corporation of India (FCI), Shillong, SK Yadav said that from 1st November, 2020, all three states. They have a storage capacity of 88,000 metric tonnes but have now been increased to 1,22,636 metric tonnes.
The foundation stone for the construction of the pipeline was laid by the two Prime Ministers in September
When we returned to Athiabari, the road was filled with male and female Christmas dancers along with police in civil dress.
We will try our best to do that," he added.
Men Kmie replied, “Well, I'll come soon.
It can be said that the acronym KHNAM is a pleasant one that carries the full meaning of the Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement, because it can be said in a word that the acronym KHNAM has a complete meaning in the Khasi language and is also related to the Khasi language. the thought of the world.
Announcing this, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of District Council Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, while talking to media after a meeting with the three district councils, said that even after the land The KHADC Bill has become an Act but there are still some problems.
However, before the end of the first half, Kerala took a 2-1 lead.
When God spoke to Ezekiel – “Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, O my people, I will open your graves, and cause you to come up out of your graves; and I will bring you into the land of Israel" Ezekiel 37:11-1
AIS SujaOn this statement “God sees the truth but waits” God sees the truth but waits.
Palong, Phankaro, milk products, kajor and pylleng are rich sources of vitamin A. Vitamin B3 : Vitamin B3 has the power to fight against obesity and to deliver from the sight of the eyes.
Nongpoh: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today visited the Killing area of ​​Ri Bhoi district to inaugurate the The Sub-Centre, which was built at Jorbil Killing.
He also urged the residents to shop from nearby shops in the villages and those residents who do not have shops in the villages were allowed to shop from other shops which have margin.
“The customs and traditions are the law, and the law is made from the customs and traditions,” he said.
It is expected that along with Sohra, another new district will be opened in Garo Hills.
The tree planting is part of the Hariyali-Trees for Future project sponsored by Mahindra Finance.
GSU President Tensak Marak said the ILP is the best tool to protect the minorities of the state from the infiltration of foreigners.
Sun said she had spoken to the disaster management department and the staff of the department immediately rushed to see for themselves, but they did not provide any assistance. .
Shangpliang said the government has not yet taken any action against those involved.
The body of the deceased was taken to Baghmara on Tuesday for post mortem.
I would like to thank all the prayers and condolences from all sides”.
Liverpool are currently top of the English Premier League with 60 points, followed by Manchester City with 56, Tottenham with 51 and Chelsea with
The Sadducees, the Pharisees, the scribes rejected Jesus Christ, and in the Sanhedrin, Caiaphas spoke falsely, "that the whole nation might perish.
“Former HYC president Robertjune Kharjahrin has recently joined hands with the UDP and has offered to contest as a candidate for the Shillong seat.
She also announced that all the vehicles carrying stone from Khasi Hills should cooperate to ensure the safety of the people without disturbing the road or traffic jam. Shiningstar Khongthohrem, Secretary Riwar Mihngi Exporter and Importer, said that the border road has been closed to all drivers from Jowai and vehicles coming from East Khasi Hills should follow the line. Association.
Its overseas companies will allow their members to work anywhere.
“We want no company to accept Emergency Services after this and we want the Government to implement the Nomination Mode and not the Tender Mode. so that the company cannot violate the rights of our employees and to provide better services to the citizens of the state as a whole.
Referring to the claims of many parties that Meghalaya will receive money from schemes like WE card and MYE card which the Meghalaya TMC plans to bring to the people, Dkhar said that these schemes They will not have any impact on the budget of the state because there are already leaders like Dr Mukul Sangma who is a person who is well versed in terms of schemes that will benefit the people and if it comes to schemes like The MHIS was launched by Dr Mukul Sangma.
Through this programme, the BJP wants to work with the approval of the people.
May every Thursday be a day of prayer, fasting and supplication to ask for God's mercy and speedy recovery of all the sick.
“I still think that the VPP is strong, I expect Bah Ardent to have the same spirit of cooperation with the ethnic parties, I went to meet him but he did not accept and on this basis he left the VPP. .The reason for my resignation from the VPP, because I found out that Bah Ardent has a strong feeling that I am no longer there, that the party is only under my leadership, “It is on this basis that I will leave the VPP to support the RDA,” said Edar.
“The purpose of breaking these uniforms is to show that the Minister and the police themselves should wear uniforms because if they are men how can they treat women in that way,” he said. .
School authorities have closed all Lower Primary Schools in four districts of Jammu and Kashmir from 9th October
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting today approved the implementation of the Meghalaya State Education Policy (MSEP) after more than 45 years of independence.
Mount Fuji is a special and sacred mountain for the Japanese, as well as Mount Sohpetbneng has its own story and is a sacred mountain for the Hynniewtrep people.
According to a statement issued by the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, police have arrested seven suspects from different places. Three persons were arrested from Amlarem, three from Pynursla and one from Shallang.
Minor issues such as the delay in updating the list of beneficiaries at some pharmacies have been resolved.
After three months, the blood sugar does not rise but the insulin levels decrease - leading to changes in the onset of diabetes.
Police on receiving information about the incident rushed to the scene and conducted a thorough investigation into the incident.
Proposals and requests or complaints will be accepted from 09-11-2022 to 08-12-2
They said that a complaint has been lodged with the Post Master of the Post Office and also with the Head of Shillong but no explanation has been received from the Post Office.
This was Rahul's reply before the Supreme Court.
Marak promised to do whatever is necessary to ensure that journalists do not face any problems in their work.
The North Eastern Region has not fallen into the Red Zone or Zero Red Zone, which has been prepared by the North Eastern Region. government of India.
Ma James Jyrwa also expressed his gratitude and appreciation for this assistance.
After the letter, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, wrote to Bah Kharkrang, on 22nd November, in which he said, “Khublei Bah...I appreciate your offer, but you can take me yourself. the party as a whole to the negotiating table with the Government.
As Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in his speech at the G20 Foreign Ministers' Meeting in October, "Relations between countries are a problem now," and that "Findings in recent years – financial turmoil, climate change, pandemics, terrorism and wars – clearly show and world domination has failed in the two tasks that the should not.
This provides a strong foundation between the husband and wife and produces a strong family and develops the country and the nation as a whole.
The driver and a passenger abandoned the vehicle and fled into the woods.
These are not related from the seed.
Death comes from breaking God's law.
A team of judges Sanjiv Khanna and Dipankar Datta has sent a letter to the Enforcement Directorate (ED) regarding Singh's bail application for violating the High Court order. which was held on the 7th of June and refused to grant him bail.
He also said that one should pray before speaking.
The District Administration has ordered the two residents of the house to leave the house of Dr ML Deb. leave to avoid any danger and injury.
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu compared Hamas to ISIS militants “Hamas is ISIS and therefore different nations are united to destroy ISIS militants and the military forces of the countries, the "The world must support Israel to destroy Hamas," Netanyahu said.
Boca Junior FC have scored three goals against Amigos FC in the first leg of the match at Mawkynjoiñ Laitkseh Stadium. Amigos FC, on the other hand, couldn't score a single goal.
The same violation of the RTI Act has been done,” she said.
In Gujarat, 539 new cases have been confirmed today, bringing the total number of cases to 26,7
After these children have grown up, it is time for them to take on the responsibility of parents.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) under the leadership of General Secretary Donald V Thabah today met with the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the KSU, Bah Frederick. Roy Kharkongor at his office at the Addl.Secretariat to discuss the registration of voters in the state.
The residents should come forward if there is an increase in the electricity bill and should not allow MeECL to play chess.
He said he had met with the officers of the PHE department to discuss schemes and works for the needs of the people.
The victims were identified as Samla Dawanbiang Shullai, Assistant Finance Officer, KSU Central Body and Samla Rocky Shylla, Sports Secretary, KSU Wahthapbroo Unit.
“This payment will be T.830 per month from Orunodoi, T.300 from the pension for the deceased and T.2.5 lakh per month,” Sarma told reporters. day.
Why do you know the name of P.A SANGMA???????.
Kenstar Kharshong and Freestar Kharbangar scored the goals for Lajong.
There are others who have been selected but have not received the scheme and the West Bengal government has not been able to solve this problem of the students,” said Bah Kharkrang.
After the elections, the TMC, which won only five MLAs, had to sit back in the opposition but Dr. Mukul Sangma was no longer the Leader of the Opposition.
The king invited and arranged that on one of the days of the feast, his queen Bashti should come to the feast and show her goodness before the nobles of the kingdom.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) have arrived in Shillong to continue talks with the state and central governments.
The Cyclothon Rally was held on the 13th of this month and the flag was hoisted by the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah KM Syiemlieh at Mot Tirot Square, Mairang Mission, Mairang in the presence of the Additional Deputy Commissioner. Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Bah A. Nongbri and Bah PB War Nongbri.
“During the investigation, it was found that the suspect was staying at the house of one of the arrested on the evening of the 17th June.
Bing Chyrmang scored the goals for Mulait United FC in the 3rd minute and Raplang Suchen in the 45th minute.
The value of heroin in the world market has reached Rs 27.94 crore.
“There are no more training centers for terrorists in Bangladesh, no more terrorists walking and standing in Bangladesh,” Hossain said.
Sohra, July 20: The 18th July, 2022 will be a memorable day for the Sohra area and also for the Khasi Hills as a whole. poet who contributed to the Khasi literature by the publication of his book “Khmih Pynor” – The Collection of Khasi Poetry.
The 13 medal winners include Davis N Marak, SP, EGH, Claudia Lyngwa, SSP, CID, Ringrang TG Momin, Addl SP, Inspector Issac S Marak, SI Kamal Thapa, SI Deep Khatri, SI SWAT, Sengsram Ch Marak, Constable B Gurung, Sanjeev Sharma, Cronen Marak, BNC Rajendra Kahit, Intelligence Officer Umlong, ABC Hubirth S Marak.
Furthermore, the CAA is against human rights and is biased, especially against the Kuki-ZO and Rohingya.
Speeches were also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Pynursla including the Rangbah Shnong of Neng Gate, Bah K.Khongdup, Bah M.Khongthaw-Rangbah of Pynursla and Bah Peter. Speeches were also delivered by Bah H Khongmai, Sordar of Raid Shabong and Babu K. ​​Tangsong, Sordar Lyngkhat.
He said he would write to the district administration to look into the matter.
Regarding the problem of buying cows from the market in Baridua, he said that if you buy cows from the market, it has caused problems not only to the farmers, but also to the people who eat cow meat. If we buy from this market, the price of Doh Masi will reach more than T.400 per kilo.
The SPC on 23rd June 2020 held a condolence meeting and observed a two minute silence.
At the same time, he explained that the purpose of bringing this training center to Iooksi is to make it easier for the children to stay in one place but if it is held in an urban area it will affect the children as they have to find a home.
He said the department has a scheme to provide financial assistance to those who intend to build resorts and accommodation to rent to tourists.
The Senior Lawyer also said that according to various decisions of the Supreme Court in support of his plea, the decision of the High Court cannot be overturned by the Government's announcement.
The Minister said that the reason for the shortage of registrants is because many of the contractors who should have done this, did not come forward.
Not only to sell or buy but also to eat and drink they have the same rights as others in the market.
He said that the BJP does not support the North East especially Meghalaya and the BJP's failure to nominate candidates for this election shows that it does not recognize Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and others. It is the whole of the North East.
Earlier, the President of KJDSTA, Bah ED Nongsiang, said that the KJDSTA has conducted many programs in the past months as part of the celebration of the 35th Coral Jubilee of KJDSTA. its journey in the last 35 years.
Nongpoh: Due to the danger to the people, children and wildlife due to the power outage of a transformer in Umtangar village in Western Ri-Bhoi District, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia Hills Garo People (FKJGP), Western Zone has given 1 month to MeECL to repair the transformer before the incident.
John Makri, Publicity Secretary of the HYC Ri Bhoi Sepngi, said that the reason for the HYC to put forward this demand is after receiving many complaints from the residents of the area. the area and those who have been affected by the lack of electricity in the area.
The people have already decided who they are eligible to vote for, and now the list of candidates is in the ballot box; The polling station will reopen on the 2nd of October.
It is reported that those who have contracted the disease, usually experience it after six months, after they have contracted the disease.
Secondly, if the time comes, the goal is to change and implement the education policy to enable children up to 14 years of age to attend school without having to pay school fees. tire opening.
When asked whether the department will hold another welcome ceremony for these athletes when they return home, Banteidor said that this is the first step. The government will not be able to go beyond honoring these players by holding a ceremony.
Referring to the government has banned the import of fish from abroad, after receiving information that the fish farmers inject formalin to preserve the fish, if there are fish farmers inside the country. The districts have been trained and have enough fish in their ponds, it has been a great blessing and their income will increase and they will get more than they just give. wai to the competitors.
The management of the company said that this is the first time for them to participate and at the same time it will also be an opportunity to encourage others to donate blood for the sake of (L) Gajanand Agarwal, the founder of the Company.
He said that even in the 2023 elections in the state, the number of MLAs from the BJP will increase but it cannot be said how many.
It was during this meeting that from time to time, Bah Larry said that he had suggested to Bah Teibor to set up a synjuk in this area and only within a few days he received the news that to agree and to prepare for the establishment of the yakura synjuk in this village.
They were identified as Wanbok Kurbah (20) and Phibankyntiew Sun (18).
Other speakers on the occasion who were also Resource Persons spoke on some of the impacts of child marriage, the harmful effects of tobacco and cigarettes, the harmful effects of alcohol and drugs if people They use it because if people walk away or act according to their own desires they will face many problems in their lives and in early marriage it will affect the body, if they try to drink Therefore, their future will be dark because they have tried to drink evil things or dangers have already threatened their lives.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Vincent Sohkhwai Secretary JAC said that the reason for the meeting with Arpit Upadhyaya, Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District was to discuss the issue of the DC's Office. Duty Covid-19, MLA Election Duty and others and the money from the Department has not been released yet and this suspension of the money that should have been released to the drivers or The delay in the release of the money has upset many and has affected the income of the drivers.
They said that the Minister in charge of Agriculture has taken the initiative to call for a meeting with the CEM of KHADC yesterday at the Secretariat and he has explained that the synsar, Sohmarit and Latyrpad are the The state government has already issued a notification that Synsar, Sohmarit have been included in the list of agricultural products. The taxes to the KHADC are paid to all the taxpayers in the state.
It is the nature of God to reveal great mysteries to the foolish, who are still ignorant, because they believe.
Therefore, each ethnic group has its own uniqueness and therefore there cannot be many rules of explanation on the life and uniqueness of the Trai Ri.
The Garo Graduate Union (GGU) has sent a letter to the Prime Minister to strongly oppose the revision policy.
The body of a young climber, a member of the Meghalaya Sports Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA), who passed away along with other climbers and instructors, has been found dead. Draupadi Hill, Danda II, Uttarkashi, Uttarakhand, was buried today at the Lumparing Presbyterian Church and the funeral service was conducted by Rev.P Marbaniang.
Shillong: About 800 types of medicines including antibiotics, anti-infectives and painkillers will increase in price in the month of June.
" He then signed his name and stamped the document.
“We will introduce a new bill in the Parliament soon to increase the recruitment quota in government departments for minorities from 3 per cent to 5 per cent,” Gurjar said. reporters today in Shillong.
He said it is surprising that 90% of the residents receive benefits as low paid while 10 percent do not receive anything.
Therefore, the KSC&RDBM have no choice but to protest according to the Constitution of India, the saying goes “The voice of the people is the voice of God” and they have no doubt that in this case “One Voice, One Mind” cannot bring about change.
All these office bearers were confirmed by Teiborlang Pathaw, MDC Mawlai Constituency and NPP Mawlai Block President NS Khongsngi.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, has said that it has been a long time since last year that he has decided to appoint a new Minister in his government. Rupang said that he had planned to take up a new job in November 2015 but he had stopped because a few days before he arrived, he was said to have started shaking his job. .
“It was expected that the outage would affect the grid from the increase in electricity and would affect the power distribution equipment.
“We would like to express our gratitude to the CEM Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem and the Executive Committee for understanding the needs of the employees especially in the preparation for the Christmas season,” said the KHADC employees. the media.
More than 20.5 million people in India rely on animals for information, making the animal market worth Rs 930 billion by
Self Help Groups (SHGs) and Village Organizations (VOs) of Mawlangwir Village participated in the event.
Shillong: There have been 34 new cases of covid-19 in the state.
Shillong: CoMSO leaders today met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma in the presence of the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, at his office at the Secretariat to discuss the demand for the introduction of the rules. The Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the Amendment to the MRSSA Act 2016 as demanded from the beginning through meetings with the Government.
Dr Mukul said that the Hima Nongstoiñ does not need the Village Administration Bill (VAB) as the Hima has not had its own Act since
Police have completed the necessary investigation and investigation is ongoing.
However, over the years, the factory has declined steadily and has become increasingly deteriorating, with attempts to modernize it by one government after another.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Hynniewtrep People's Federation (HPF) today sent a letter to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to clarify the price of T.75.75 per litre. the Umphniang sharak which should be distributed to the poorest of the poor households.
After the ceremony, these four men were taken home with their own coffins but when they reached the cemetery they were buried together in the same grave.
The KSU and SBYWA also said that many souls have been lost in the middle of the road.
He said that the arrest of the people shows the unhappiness of the political leaders because the people have shocked and showed their voice against the leaders who have not done the best. for the Garo Hills.
Imphal: The Manipur government has ordered the shooting of law enforcement officers in the state. The troops have been reinforced with the arrival of 55 pyrtons of troops and the Rapid Action Force troops, who are preparing to arrive in the state.
After receiving orders from the Union Home Minister, the NIA officials conducted a thorough investigation into Pujari's involvement with the militants, including the Lashkar chief. Captain Naseer of Taiba's South Division said.
Shillong: The District Magistrate has decided to close down the house of Usha Deb, House No.62 Mynsain, Upper Lumparing and the house of Subaun Kharkongor. Slippery, Slumpy Upper.
However, the surprising thing is that no Mawlai leaders have ever visited the shooting range in Mawlai Syllai Kariah to find out what the problems of the shooters are. Former Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie on Saturday visited the area to inspect and see for himself the plight of the people of Mawlai.
Besides the good works he has done to build roads, the NPP leaders said that Dasakhiatbha Lamare has been able to build many development projects, whether it is on schools, health centres. , development schemes from PHE, Water Resources, proper implementation of SRWP schemes, implementation of development schemes through the sports department, schemes to the border villages and especially his ability to disseminate information to There are more than 5000 poor households in this constituency.
She alleged that the Director has transferred her to the office of the Joint Director of Soil & Water Conservation, Research and Training, Byrnihat (Ri Bhoi).
One of the schools that has done well is Cham Cham Wah SSA Lower Primary School located in Cham Cham village.
In the past few months, it has been seen that the MLAs have started distributing funds from the MLA scheme for 40 different schemes.
It is to be recalled that in the past few months, HANM in an interview with the media, has expressed its gratitude to the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma for taking care of the needs of the people. The state has long been demanding issues especially in relation to border issues, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Constitution of India and other issues.
Shantha Mayadunne (second left) and her daughter Nisanga (left) were killed in a bomb blast at the Shangri-La Hotel.
On the other hand, Bah G Dhar, BDO Mawkynrew Block, praised the cooperation between the teachers and the villagers to bring about such programs for the benefit of the people.
“When we got home, because it was late, the village was quiet and when we heard the car passing by, some people were watching from their lights.
It would be a great trouble for the master if he did not get servants.
At the meeting, a man who did not want to be named, who has been selling cassettes for many years, said that the market for Khasi music has declined since 2008-2 nine years now.
The implementation of the Friendship Pipeline will further strengthen electricity cooperation between the two countries and this will continue to grow in Bangladesh, especially in the field of agriculture.
In the letter, the VPP said that in fact the tender is not for the ground floor of the state bungalow in Kolkata, but for other rooms.
“This is what happens and every election doesn't happen suddenly because every election officers have to be transferred especially those who have been in office for more than 3 years. in the same place they shall be moved elsewhere.
The entry fee is Rs.2000 per team and the registration fee is Rs.50 per player.
Chidambaram has been accused of involvement in the INX Media scam.
In the men's 50m freestyle, Maikansam Nongsiej, 12 to 11 years old, Balajied Vaichei, Wanshwa Thongnikhar and Mangkyrpang Lyngdoh were 12 to 14 years old.
Shillong: Several Personal Security Officers (PSOs) are still guarding and following the hands and feet of those former MLAs who were defeated in the 2018 MLA elections.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Police will be able to investigate for another 10 days the persons arrested on charges of murder in Smit village.
Police from the ANTF East of Khasi Hills on Thursday arrested four drug traffickers from Umshyrpi Bridge, Jhalupara OP, Shillong.
To wear masks 2 times.
When contacted by this reporter, the residents of New Balakhawa village said that there are 6 households in New Balakhawa village, according to their information, because it is still from Balakhawa and the Khasi household has There is only one, Mr. Michael.
The Professors of NEHU have advised the Village Leaders, Lyngdohs, Ministers of Raid Lawai, and especially the hill owners to think carefully and create ways and means to discuss how to protect and care for the place because of the beauty of the place and the potential to make the place a tourist attraction in the area.
Speaking on New Shillong Township, the Minister said that before the elections, the NPP Government had announced an allocation of T.10,000 crore for the construction of roads, water supply, water supply, The office is located in New Shillong Township.
Speaking to media, Bah Pala said, “It is very sad to see that the HNLC has been ready to come to the talks, but there has been no response from the HNLC. BJP government in Delhi as well as state government.
He said that the program is not only a public awareness program on the dangers of drugs, but also how to provide protection to drug addicts by using herbal medicines. build your own houses.
“On November 16, 2016, this 14-year-old girl, at 10 pm, fled from her home after she could no longer tolerate being tortured.
“Now we have to go and see and find out and put a sign on the square to say whether they fall in Meghalaya or Assam and the Survey Department of India will come in the presence of both the states,” he said.
After finding the drugs, the youths and the organization handed them over to the Patharkhmah Police Outpost for further investigation.
PDF President Lyngdoh said the party intends to nominate about 20 candidates for the 2023 elections, especially for the Khasi Jaintia.
The Kur Kharsahnoh has expressed its protest to the district administration of West Jaintia Hills and the state government over the abduction and murder of Fullmoon Kharsahnoh. ) Fullmoon Kharsahnoh through the district administration, the court and also to expedite the investigation of the suspects according to the rules of law and to punish these bloodthirsty men.
He said that this competition is not only a platform for the participants to showcase their skills in drawing and painting but also to provide training and information to the residents and children about the art of drawing and painting. the importance of taking care of our drinking water and the environment in order to survive not only for the present but for our future.
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Mawlai has postponed the Shad Suk Mynsiem 2020, which was scheduled to be held on the 4th and 5th June, 2020 until further notice.
Bah Titos W Chyne, CEM of the Council, laid the foundation stone on 31st October for the construction of the market at a cost of T.70 lakh.
After a long struggle, the Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court has concluded the case on 6th June
On the other hand, Samla Pariat has a strong belief that the youth, who now have an understanding of politics, hopes that there will be a change.
So far, 2,376 cases have been reported in Delhi, while the death toll has risen to 50 till Friday.
These trucks were carrying coal in violation of the NGT order. These trucks were passing from Dkhiah and Moowakhu, East Jaintia Hills.
In the men's category, it was between Kroh SC and Umpyrdong FC in which the match was very friendly and well played by the players of both the teams. The match ended in a 2-2 draw and the referees decided to call the tie breaker.
This road has not been painted for many years and is also an important road for the people of the area.
On the other hand, the Seng Bhalang has made it clear that until the ILP is implemented in the state, they will continue to oppose the railway line.
On 31st July, 2022, the Government announced the decision to build multi-storey houses on a 2.5 acre plot of land belonging to the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) for the relocation of these 342 households. three Long Families from Them Metor.
If the government has arranged a special session on the appointment as demanded by the VPP, all the MLAs of the party will go to discuss.
Through these incidents, we can see that the need for a market near Shillong has increased and the most appropriate thing is that if there is a market in Hynniewmer or surrounding areas, When there is a traffic jam, the farmers should release their goods before reaching the city and this will facilitate the traffic and also the sale to the rud. road, as happened a few days ago.
Therefore, I firmly hope that God has a better purpose for your family and will bless the nations of your family, and we as human beings are not able to think of all of God's purposes, but what is needed is to believe and believe in Him who has power over heaven and earth.
JOWAI: Rev HH Mohrmen, Secretary of the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) on Tuesday said that in the past few months, In the past, it was only the elderly women who worked in this field, but now it has attracted even the women and children who have started teaching how to make khiew earth.
That shah all shikatto.
He said he had informed Defense Minister Amit Shah about the start of peace talks with the HNLC during his recent visit to New Delhi.
Swastic scored 95 off 136 balls along with Manish Sharma who scored 28 runs off 36 balls. They managed to continue the game with a friendly chase of 80 runs for the seventh wicket.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District (EKH) has imposed Section 144 Cr.
This means that the MLA who is also a contractor/businessman will not be able to work properly and use public money properly in the construction of roads and to supply water to the villages or to provide electricity. for in every work they seek their own gain.
Wow.
The decision to increase the fare was taken after a meeting with the Superintendent of Police, WJH and the DTO of WJH today. .
The next match between Lumparing SC and Maw U-tieng SC was more interesting although Lumparing won 2-0
If it is a shooting to stop them from gathering then it is right because it is impossible to know whether those gatherings of them have caused trouble. Many Khasi policemen are Khasi policemen but I don't love Khasi policemen. May God make me SI iang ngn. rat wood beat brh Who is not.
A round of methamphetamine weighing 15.91 kilograms worth T.45 crore was seized by the Assam Rifles and Zokhawthar Police Station. The Inspector General of Assam Rifles (East) said in a statement on Tuesday.
He said that the media outlets from the state are more powerful than other foreign media outlets and therefore, it is necessary that they provide true and accurate information to the people.
Shillong: A group of talented dancers and singers will take part in the National Reality Show of India's Talent Fight 2019 which will be broadcast on Zee TV. Gabriel Mawlong from Upper Shillong, Evanisha Pathaw from Mawlai, Memmillen Snaitang, Greatmercy Langte, Lawanpynhun Nongsiej from South West Khasi Hills, Carmel Dohling from Sohra, East East Khasi Hills, Justnolimit Beatbox Group of Mawlai, Clarency of Mawlai.
We cannot hold it even if we want to.
“Bah Basaïawmoit has openly criticized without sufficient grounds and evidence which affects the integrity of all the Working Journalists who have taken up the work despite the difficulties, shortcomings and challenges and have tried their best to work. to support the freedom of speech and expression as enshrined in the Constitution,” said Bah David Laitphlang, President of the SPC in a statement.
Nangbah Malang scored two goals in the second half through Promi Suting (52') and Pynishai Lathong (101').
“I went to the DTO office to remove the hypothecation from my vehicle after all the debt had been cleared.
“If we are arrested and shot by the Assam police, it doesn't matter, but our land should not be lost even an inch. Lamphrang Kharbani, President Central Body, said in a statement.
Initially, 3 fire engines arrived to extinguish the fire and later 3 more arrived.
Why as leaders turn themselves into auctioneers like this, why don't they look into other issues that have arisen in the past regarding Pinemount School.
“In this regard, I would like to say that such illegal activities should be prevented in order to bring peace and stability in the District, the State and the country as a whole.
Regarding the implementation of this scheme, many of the village authorities especially the VECs who are the implementers of this scheme, have complained that the government has not been able to timely release of funds and many of the works have been stalled and have not been implemented as planned for the development of the rural areas.
He was thrown into the sea.
The Working President of the MPCC, Deborah Marak, on Tuesday said that the defeat of the Congress in the recent elections in other states of India is a sign of the party's failure in the state. too.
All these speakers expressed their gratitude to the MLA of 1-Nartiang Constituency Sniawbhalang Dhar for his contribution in many areas from roads, health centres, markets, schools and others. does not develop within the villages of the Constituency.
David said a hotel to be considered as a five star should have many facilities such as shops, restaurants, nightclubs, bars and others.
This shows that we were already States before we joined the Indian Dominion. In fact, we should have been established under the name of the Federation of Khasi States but we have been reduced to District status within Assam.
He said many villages have been affected by the smoke from the company's factory including Narbong, Upper Narbong, Pariantola, Kongkatkuli, Jojwa and Umjojwa and many others.
It can authorize the people of the Law.
The Chairperson of the SCPCR, Meena Kharkongor, has expressed her concern over the exploitation of the arrested persons by illness to escape investigation.
In the quarter final, Meghalaya beat Chawngfianga Middle School, Saidan, Kolasib, Mizoram 1-0
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Although the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) have worked hard all night till morning to rescue Bah Marshall Marweiñ who was trapped in a garbage dump at Marten, they have not yet been able to rescue him. lapdien faithful to you.
The manhole contains a suction pump which pumps the petrol to the petrol filling machines.
What is the truth about this matter? The fact is that Meghalaya loses its cows, pigs, fish and poultry if the cows, pigs, fish and poultry do not come from outside the state.
Member of the group, Bah Kit Shangpliang said that music plays a role in the development of tourism in the area.
On the other hand, the President of JNC Sanshnong Circle, Bah Keling Phawa, said that the number of coke factories and dewbilat factories causes problems especially they produce bad air. to take action and plant trees to restore clean air.
In Israel, he will enter Jerusalem and pretend to be God.
“We cannot fail to pay tribute to the MLA for his assistance as a leader after we have suffered from the abandonment of the village for 73 years and no other leader has seen this village.
Bindo's nomination papers as an independent candidate came after Lambor Malngiang, MLA, who recently resigned from the constituency, received the UDP ticket.
“Those who violate will be punished according to the rules of law,” said the SP. In a statement, the SP said, “The police department in the district has found many vehicles covered with plastic. This is in violation of the Supreme Court of India's WP (C) No. 265 of 2011, in which the Supreme Court has strictly prohibited the use of plastic bags on vehicles at any percentage. (Visual Light Transmission) of the headlights, front and rear headlights and taillights.
Nongstoiñ Police Station on Tuesday arrested a man accused of raping a child from a village in West Khasi Hills and 22 others. ) with 15 others whom he tried, but by struggle they managed to escape from his tyrsim.
Shillong: The boat owners in Umsyiem village, who have less than 60 children, said that since the outbreak of Covid-19, the number of boat owners has increased slightly and many of the children have not received The reason is that they have seen that more tourists have come to Umsyiem and the boat owners have said that the tourists who used to come to Umsyiem have increased their number of tourists. They are from Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Assam and so on.
“Balajiedkupar Synrem is a new synsar, LLM is a good synsar, he will do more than his father,” said Bindo.
The death toll has risen to 50 since the beginning of the 40-day strike in Delhi.
In the first place, it is not the responsibility of the MLAs to build roads, it is the responsibility of the State Government or the Central Government.
The men's team lost 106-66 points against Haryana at 8 pm in the first leg of the tournament.
The Sordar said that Nongjrong Village is 52 kilometers from Shillong and takes about 2 hours.
Upon receiving information about the incident, the residents of Umlaper, Ummat and Pdengtleit villages were angry with the shooting by the Assam police. They also went to the police station to demand that they should leave Umlaper immediately.
When asked whether the elections would affect their talks with the government, Singh said they would wait and see in the upcoming meetings.
Mynso's school scored 20 seconds.
Jowai, Naiwieng 23: The District Horticulture Officer, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday held a Horticulture Exhibition under the MIDH Scheme 2023-2 Marian Hill Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
He said that it is necessary to liaise with other SHGs from other areas and to produce the products properly from the manufacturing, packaging and also to go through the government's requirements such as Food Security License. , in order to be able to export out of state or even overseas.
However, after 2018, with the initiative of the MLA together with the PWD department, these roads, including the 3.5 km road from Riangsih to Riangkang, have been improved and cleaned. has been received through the RIDF scheme at a cost of Rs 3.5 crore.
On the other hand, the Hill Farmers Union, Rangblang Area, said that the road has made it easier for the farmers to transport their goods to the areas where they should be developed. , but unfortunately through the complaint of the residents that the construction of the road is poor and the soil has been thrown at will and with the heavy rainfall the soil has flowed into the fields. their kba.
The National People's Party (NPP) on Friday announced the name of its first candidate for the Dumporijo constituency in Upper Subansiri district.
The purpose of this is to encourage the children and youth of the area to become physically active through cycling.
The number of recoveries has risen to 68.78 per cent this morning, while 68.32 per cent yesterday.
Shillong, Nailar, 20: BSF troops of the 4th Battalion on Thursday seized 220 bottles of Phensedyl from the border of East Khasi Hills district. India is the country of Bangladesh.
Shillong: There have been 159 new cases of coronavirus in the state, the Director of Health Services (DHS) Dr Aman War today said. There are 1,902 cases in the state.
He urged people not to panic at the arrival of these temporary animals.
At the time of writing, there have been 1457 new cases of COVID-19 and 27161 of them have been tested within 24 hours.
Mawkyrwat, July 23: The South West Khasi Hills District Level Inter School Level Inter School Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District. Rangthong Christian HSS Under 17 Women, Upper Mawbidong SS Under 14 Boys and Rangthong Christian HSS Under 17 Boys won the title. Artificial Turf ground, MDSA, South West Khasi Hills District.
Thus He said, “My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me” (Mt 27:46).
He said that the flooding of the road especially during these rainy days has damaged the road. On his part, as the former Rangbah Shnong of Pdengshakap, he requests the government authorities to repair the road. They have their problems by improving or repairing the road.
“We must understand what is happening in this drama and politics.
RM Garod Daloi Elaka Nongbah, who is now able to hold this shad for the second time on the 5th of October at the venue, Nan Thadlaskeiñ, Nan, which was built by u Sajar Nangli with his troops with their beards from thousands of years ago at Mukhla Village.
One of the senior leaders of the NPP and President of the NPP Sutnga Block, Thijlang Shyrmang, has joined the Congress and has been appointed as the President of the East Jaintia Hills Congress Committee.
Without that tree Zacchaeus could not see Jesus.
The loss of goods from Thailand and Bangladesh including household items, clothes, medicines, decorations, sofas and women's ornaments and others.
“Let us surprise the people to cooperate and support the UDP party which is the national party in the next 5 years for the survival of the country and the people and to revive the trade and the market residents. “They are not able to sit in the market as they are now sitting in the market because the market has declined,” said Ma Pariat.
Perhaps Bah Kharjahrin is one of the applicants for the UDP ticket to contest the Lok Sabha MP elections next year, but whether he will get the ticket or not, time will tell.
Angkit Tamang (1/72) took 10 wickets while Aristo Marak took 10 wickets for a run out.
But the body of the woman, who was taken from Umiam, had no clothes left.
We will also reach these goals by
Because you are God.
However, the Mawhati MDC said that he will not be involved in the use of T.28 crore by Bah Pynshngaiñ.
of Meghalaya)2
Nongshluid Government LP School has been established since 1920, and Kenshluid Government LP School has been in existence for more than 50 years.
Friends, why don't I say, “Brothers and sisters”, as others say, because I doubt that your faith is not the same as mine.
He said that he hopes that the contractors will do their job properly and not to impose a curfew due to the COVID-19 pandemic which will cause delays in the work.
The construction of these gates has been supervised and approved by the Monitoring and Implementation Committee of the 19th South Shillong Constituency.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that today's case is the highest number of cases in the state.
"So you're steady..." Riia asked.
The test was conducted for drivers of vehicles under the jurisdiction of the East Jaintia Hills District Tourist Association (EJHDTA) and the KBA.
Through the detection of the disease, no one will be allowed to send patients for treatment for the next three days.
Jesus said, “Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book.” Revelation 22:7
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Nongstoin Block Congress Committee (NCCC) has not yet taken any decision regarding the resignation of Bah Gabriel Wahlang, President of the Congress Party. Meghalaya Youth Congress (MYC) has been appointed as MDc.
In the second half, the game became more intense on both sides, the players of Sawmer SC passed the ball in a beautiful manner and missed many chances to score.
Therefore, all the drivers are advised to be more vigilant especially at night.
LP School won the 1st prize in Khasi language, Toaikanri Hoojon of Run Thabah Memorial School won the 2nd prize and Santulabon Khardeingngan of Rev S.Wollington Memorial LP School won the 2nd prize. 3rd prize.
He urged all the trainees to be respectful and obedient to the teachers so that they can reap the fruits of victory. work related to this training program for the future to become leaders in the community.
He also spoke about how the members have brought about order by introducing amendments to the Representation of the People Act.
Damanlangki Pale – MBA first class, 5.
The voters should be ashamed, disgraced and relieved that their special votes have been misled by these MLAs during the election.
The meeting discussed the improvement of the Shillong-Dieng Pasoh and Mawdiang-Mawlong roads and the redevelopment of the Polo Market and the allocation of land for the vendors.
Therefore, the court on this occasion has decided to prosecute the couple under the provisions of the law of the country, relating to endangering the lives of children.
“In India as a whole, I think it is a disgrace to Meghalaya, a disgrace to our country as a whole,” he added.
A case has been registered against them under Section 419/420/511/364A/384/340/34 IPC. The Ri Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RBYWO), led by Bah Elvis Kyrsian, Vice President and Bah Keny Nongrum, General Secretary, today met with Bah OT Lyngwa, Joint Director, Research & Training. ) to demand the immediate removal of Jyoti Das, from Nalbari Assam, who has been appointed as a Muster Roll since the 1st of this month.
Cleaning these dead skin cells from your skin will keep your skin healthy and clean.
The Village Authorities should also inform the media about the failure of various schemes in the village.
The JAC's refusal to cooperate came after the VC refused to take up the demands of the group, especially to suspend the appointment of Rohit Prasad, who was accused of The JAC has also suspended all the members of the Academic Council from taking part in the meeting. “We have warned the employees who do not dare to fight against the VC, and if they cannot serve according to the rules of NEHU as Registrar, Finance Officer or Engineer, it is better to leave the NEHU. “It's a shame that the time will come for us to come together, not to follow blindly while the VC says what is wrong, it is not true,” said Prof. Lakhon Kma.
The Customs department has seized gold worth billions of rupees from the city in the past two months.
Knowledge sometimes makes us human beings feel proud that we don't need our own culture anymore and that the tree of knowledge is in the ability to imitate the language of others especially like the English Language.
UDP candidate Krison Langstang won from Sumer while MDC Phillip Tangliang did not contest the election.
However, as of now, what has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the area, is only because of the poor condition of the road and which prevents the tourists from visiting these two beautiful places of sightseeing in the area.
The Union of Samla Shnongs has urged the police to investigate the incidents before arresting anyone because in this world of wealth there are those who take advantage just to get their insurance. people don't even count their families but they are willing to hurt and even kill.
Until that night Panah did not want to sleep with her mother, he chose to sleep on the floor alone.
Another independent candidate, Bah Juban Kharbihkhiew, who will contest from Pynthorumkhrah constituency, has come to file his nomination papers.
Before the blessing of the office, Samla H.Rymbai as the chairman of the meeting in the presence of the family members of Samla Shlurbha Khai, who is the founder of this Emergency Electrician. and his colleagues, Samla Soren and Samla Rimi and others.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Mukul Sangma expressed his gratitude that he has been able to launch this scheme to the poor, to the girls so that they can get married and be able to. build a strong family.
The unsprouted rice is quickly replaced when the rice is separated from the rice scoop, and the latter is called khoi 'muri'
Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi Police, Giri Prasad, said that the drugs were seized after receiving a tip that a vehicle was intended to smuggle the drugs from Manipur to Shillong. Police have seized a vehicle from Byrnihat and also arrested the driver and seized the drugs.
Shillong, July 8 : The Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment on July 20 has summoned the DGP and the Investigating Officer (IO) to appear before the Director General of Police (DGP) and the Investigating Officer (IO) on July 4 years old and one 2 years old incident on the evening of 30th June 2022 at Nongrah.
Apex Regional Landfill, Nevada, US.Deonar Landfill, Mumbai up to 114 feet tall.
Sylvian Kharkongor 40kg Male Mawpat, 18 Larisha L Nonglait 32kg Female Pynthorumkhrah,
Shillong, July 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma has not yet responded to the demand of the Thma u Rangli (TUR) and the CSWO to resign the Minister of Defence, Bah HDR Lyngdoh. It has been three days since they held a public meeting against the trafficking of a girl child at the Marvelene Inn Hotel in Rilbong, owned by Bah Nathaniel O Rymbai, son of Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
Mrs. Editor Badonburom,.
“I told them they need to come back as a group and that what happened in the election is another chapter.
Hilar Kharbihkhiew, producer and actor of the upcoming film Ahor, has been elected as the Assistant General Secretary. He was elected as Finance Secretary on 14/8
Only the method of keeping the cows has to be controlled by the government authorities.
Jowai, March 02: Bravestar Phawa has won the election for the new Waheh Shnong of Sohmynting with 908 votes while Lephing Pyrtuh has won the election with 792 votes.
His relatives came last night to take the body without completing the post mortem at the request of his relatives on Saturday midnight.
To sow your fields of rice, and to plant your seeds of rnai in the fire, that it may produce wheat, barley, and vegetables, that you may have food and drink.
Shillong, Jymmang, 04: Pope Francis has appointed Reverend Fr Wilbert Marweiñ, 52, as the head of the Diocese of Nongstoiñ. The new Bishop of the Diocese of Nongstoiñ.
He is a man who never shows partiality to anyone and who has a spirit of helping all those who need his help.
He said the state government has already sent a reply to the MHA's request for clarification regarding the resolution from the information it has received from the Khasi Author Society.
Many of them turned to the Sadar Police Station with a slogan against the police, even though the police had summoned only the President.
Officials said that a large number of illegal items were seized from the suspects and their homes during the raid.
Forwards: Bonison Nongmaithem (Manipur), Samuela Lalmuanpuia (Mizoram), Sheen Sohktung (Meghalaya), Parvaj Bhuiya (Tripura), Naorem Mahesh Singh (Manipur).
Referring to the UDP, Conrad said, “This is the internal affairs of the UDP and they have not told me anything about the division of ministerial posts, but referring to the HSPDP and BJP, the talks have been held. was in front of me".
At the same time, the Secretary of the NEC agreed with the statement of Conrad K Sangma that the NEC should not only be the distributor of schemes but should also be the body to coordinate the development of the region. other.
According to the President of HUAM, Gillbert Kharraswai, for half a year there has been no examination of the cows by the Veterinary Department and the cows that come out of the market do not have the marks. The meat has been certified by the veterinary department and this has caused concern among the people who eat the meat without knowing whether it is good or bad.
Speech was also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Tyllilang Mylliem Umlong who expressed his gratitude to the Sohplom Youth Wing for taking this initiative to encourage and encourage them. young son.
Avocados: This fruit is rich in tyrosine and also contains fat that builds and contributes to brain function.
Therefore, from now on, the preparation of the political parties will increase because the time is not right.
Christabel Wanniang, General Secretary of CSWO (I) said that this is not the first time that Assam has attacked but it has happened from time to time and urged the Meghalaya government to take action. there is a bloodshed.
Thus the struggle and struggle will continue.
Pynierlang Shangdier, who tied for 47 off 33 balls, scored 101 runs for WKH. eight 4s and seven 6s.
However, due to the visit of the SDO Civil Sub-Division Mairang to the employees from home, the district has received an estimate that the attendance of the employees is 15%.
He said that a letter has been sent to the Prime Minister but what they will do is not known.
On the other hand, the union immediately withdrew with the understanding that from now on, Dkhars should no longer be brought to do the jobs that the Khasi villagers can still do.
Shannon Donna Massar from Faith Foundation, speaking on the workshops with the MLCU students, said that the MLCU students are very good at their work and praised the MLCU for doing so. its difficult to prepare its children for their future.
TUR stands against this Act.
He said that through this collaboration with them, it will be of great benefit to him in his work as they are experienced leaders.
“In 2023-24, from the budget of Rs 900 crore, we have increased it to T.1194 crore and in the next budget, we want to increase it by 15% to 20% and I I am confident that this will help a lot to improve the agriculture sector in the state,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah while addressing the opening session of the 3rd Meghalaya Farmers Parliament, held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
The same is true of the rawon khwai pung.
This answer surprised the reporter and from a short conversation it was understood that the village has been supplied with electricity since earlier but now since Christmas the village has been in darkness until These days, and during the discussion it was understood that the cause of the power outage was due to the breakdown of the transformer installed in the village.
The storm lasted only a short time, but it was reported that some trees were damaged by the storm.
Therefore, we need the Inner Line Permit (ILP) as it is in Nagaland, Mizoram, Arunachal and elsewhere, which also have railway lines, but there is a big difference between us and these states. for there shall be many things which are not lawful to speak unto the people; I don't know what the differences are between these states and us.
Isaiah 28:9–10.
Shillong, March 07: The Meghalaya Government Lower Primary School Teachers' Association (MGLPSCTA) on Thursday ended their 10-month strike after the State Government The Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET) has been extended to the age limit.
Although they lost 2-1 in the first leg to Assam Regiment, in the second leg, Ri Bhoi United managed to play from the start. 4-3 through the aggregate.
Mairang: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued today said that after testing all the High Risk Contacts and after completing the vaccination Drive' in Umwiehsup and Langstiehrim Villages of Pyndengumiong Village The curfew has been lifted for these two villages from today, 9th November,
In East Garo Hills, 3 cases are at high risk.
In the second leg, Mawlynnong, who won the toss, allowed Symper Rangers to tied first.
Bah Ryntathiang said the dorbar strongly opposes the proposal to set up a garbage dump within the boundary of the village and will stand against it until the end.
The trade of our heritage has been lost and taken away by foreigners. This wealth of our beloved country has been taken away by foreigners. The indigenous people and the indigenous people are now trying to take away even the Khadar rule from our hands.
The Prime Minister said that the announcement did not include the word “required” or that they should do, but it included the word request.
They are rich in Beta-Carotene which is converted into Vitamin A in the blood which can treat many kinds of diseases that occur in the body and improve the health of the internal organs during these rainy seasons by protecting and fight against many infectious diseases.
“What is surprising is that he says that the people of the state do not get any share even in the workplace and they only get to play in the field,” he added.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Balang, Bah Shalenstar Mulhim, expressed his gratitude and congratulations to the MLA who has always tried his best to do something for Mawlai and also for the groups. different churches.
Therefore, there was a strong demand from the people and after that a resolution was passed that there should be no ILP in Meghalaya and we requested the Government of India but the Government of India did not respond. I don't know,” Sangma said.
George R Syiemïong of Umpling Presbyterian Secondary School won the Best Athlete category and Lariphylla Nongrum of MPSS won the Best Athlete category in the women's category. .
An Israeli army spokesman said he had not received any reports of Israeli soldiers shooting people in the area; However, in another report, Israel claimed that dozens of people were injured in clashes as aid arrived north of Gaza.
"Dnt get up", Kpp said.
Only it doesn’t have to end there.
“Before the 2023 election, the NPP has been given a false image, through selfish interests, those who take advantage just to win their own party, accuse the NPP at will, they defame the NPP,” he said.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Working President of the MSOA, Bah John F Kharshiing, Deputy Superintendent of Police, Bah H Kharkongor, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Australian Olympic athlete Ian Campbell, teachers, students of the area and others.
He said that he is fortunate that there are Bah Prestone Tynsong and other NPP leaders who came to Sohiong Constituency who have made the UDP more than 3,000 votes. 7.8 thousand votes because the people did not accept it.
In the end Dr Roberts was able to convince the leaders of the Welsh Mission.
The presence of antioxidants can help protect the cells in the body that can fight against oxidative stress, cancer, blood clots and Alzheimer's diseases.
At the meeting held at Saitsohpen, the office bearers from all the units of the constituency were also confirmed in the presence of hundreds of supporters.
After a meeting with Dr. BDR Tiwari, Commissioner Secretary, Education Department and Ambrose Ch Marak, IAS, Secretary Education, they said that the government will soon release the the remaining amount of all Mid Day Meals in the State.
“All these herbs that don't exist in our country but without writing and this has made our people not trust us and they can't even say that the medicines give healing but only those who have ever been healed".
you can't Hiar inheritance.
For this reason Jesus said, “Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt have lost his saltness, wherewith will ye season it? It is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men" Matthew 5:1
Oh! If you are true, you will be blessed by Blai Yein.
As part of their participation in the curfew imposed by the Congress party across the country, the Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress (MWNC) today held a rally at Congress Bhavan. The meeting also included articles against the BJP-NDA government on the increase in the price of petrol and other essential commodities in these days.
The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District has imposed Micro Containment in Ksehrynshang Village following the confirmation of COVID-19 case in Ksehrynshang Village.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-II) Government has appointed seven former politicians as Co-Chairman and Vice Chairman of Boards and Corporations of the State Government.
(iv) Two criminals were crucified with Jesus.
It is reported that today, the soldiers found many people dead in their homes, in nursing homes.
Additional Deputy Commissioner HK Thabah, District Child Protection Officer W Shabong, Deputy Labor Commissioner VBlah who is also the Chairperson and Member of the Child Welfare Committee, Member of the Juvenile Committee were present. Justice Board, Special Juvenile Police Unit and Anti Human Trafficking Unit.
The blood of Jesus was shed on the cross of Calvary.
The death toll has risen to 1,114, the total number of cases has risen to 47,54,357, while 9,73,175 people are still undergoing treatment and 37,02,596 have recovered.
The customs, traditions and food and drink are the same as the country of the 12-Dolloi,” said Bah Thaïang.
Nongpoh: The Umsning Block Congress Committee (UBCC) on Saturday held a meeting with the party office bearers at Umsning and Umsning Constituency. Many Congress supporters and loved ones of Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, known as Dr. Bom, came to attend the meeting.
Thus, during these 72 years, Israel has grown in all respects.
Since its first premiere, the show has attracted a large audience and earned $1.36 billion at the box office.
Especially cases registered under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses Act.
According to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Mizoram, as of Tuesday, 10,808 Mannipuris have come to take refuge in different parts of the state. Mizoram.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on Tuesday said he would travel to Washington to meet with US President Joe Biden and urge the United States to help. urge other agencies and countries to send aid and donations to Ukraine amid its conflict with Russia.
KHNAM said the Minister has not explained why the results have been delayed even after five years.
It is learned that the reason why Bah Plo was burnt down in the fire was because he was in trouble. that he could not even leave or escape from the house, which caused him to be completely destroyed in the fire.
Shillong, Nailar 10: With a few months left before the 2023 MLA elections, many MDCs have already prepared to contest and contest for the post of MLA. MDCs and MLAs at the same time.
In the second half, the children started playing well and impressed the spectators especially Teibor Siangshai who impressed the spectators.
Therefore, they will now have to go to their respective parties and explain what they want to delete or include in the policy.
The recording studio is owned by Mix & Flow Production.
There are 43 108 vehicles in the state but most of them are old and need to be replaced.
According to Amartya Sen (Development As Freedom, 1999): “Development can be seen, or spoken of here, as a way to express the true meaning of freedom that the people enjoy. .
Speaking to reporters, Babu Birbor Riangtem, President of the Meghalaya Lower Primary School Teachers Association (MGLPCTA) after leaving the Prime Minister's Office, said that the meeting with the Prime Minister was unsuccessful. The government has made it clear that it cannot do anything about the demands of the teachers.
On the increasing power of the VPP, the President said that the party has been vigilant to ensure that there are no insurgents who have the intention to destroy the party.
Tura: Many members of the Congress party today joined the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) at a rally held in Tura.
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has confirmed that the asteroid, which will be about 2.5 meters in diameter, will pass by Earth today, but will not collide with Earth.
However, they have become increasingly driven by that worldly wealth and have forgotten to investigate the root cause of the evil which has seriously affected the peace and stability in the society in the state and the country.
The student also explained that if you touch other dogs, other animals, such as cows, goats and humans, you can get the disease. If infected dogs play with cats, the disease spreads quickly.
Shillong: The Shillong Traffic Police ( Shillong Traffic Police ) has introduced some changes in the traffic rules in Madanriting and Polo areas. fully operational from 6 November 2023.
on 23 November, 1971 Equivalent citations: AIR 1972 SC 223, (1972) 1 SCC 148, 1972 2 SCR 506, 1972 (4) UJ 262 SC Author : J Shelat;  Bench : S Sikri, ID Shelat, G Mitter.
Mukul said politicians from any political party may have links with the insurgents and it is necessary to prove that before drawing a conclusion as to who they are.
The match continued until the 45th minute, after Jamshedpur took the lead through a goal from Mohammed Sanan, which gave Jamshedpur the lead at the end of the first half. step.
“These ECI officials will come to hold meetings with various government departments of the state and central governments,” said FR Kharkongor, Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the state.
“This action of the KJPA as a supporter has allowed the university to carry out its duties,” said the Vice Chancellor, Bah RG Lyngdoh.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the number of samples sent for testing has increased after the confirmation of a new case of Covid-1 state on 9th January
According to the Waheh Shnong of Khasi Village in Khedagor, Temenglong, Manipur, the Bengalis are the ones who affect the Manipuris.
“There are high levels and we will see after we have produced these evidences and we will see what the Symbud Myntri Rangbah will do,” he said.
That same night, many thoughts came to him but one of them was: “In fact, I want to continue my degree at St Anthony College, which is one of the colleges. which is famous not only in Meghalaya but also in North East India.
Therefore, they requested the relevant authorities from the Public Work Department (PWD) Road, the leaders and also other departments related to tourism to Please look into the needs to bring about development or improvement of roads, because when there are beautiful tourist attractions they should also take responsibility how to improve so that when people who Foreigners who come to visit these places can also carry the good news to other people.
The IAF has transported three NDRF teams and 24 tonnes of HADR equipment to Agartala by C130J 'Super Hercules' aircraft which flew overnight amid heavy rain.
Wanrida said it was her brother who encouraged her to take part in the competition.
Speaking to police, it was said that the damage was not serious as only the upper parts of the house were covered with turpar.
Dr Sailo has not yet become anything in front of doctors from other countries.
As the leader, he also promised that he is ready to cooperate with the RBDSA and especially in terms of promoting sports activities in the district as a whole.
Many families have been left homeless in the storm which has destroyed their homes and all their belongings.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the Cabinet has decided to take the bill to the Legislative Assembly after consideration. The Department of Mining and Geology of the State.
He said that this concert on the miracles of Jesus is a special occasion in this year of faith.
tiak-pa-tiak : which cannot be explained in detail.
Shillong: The All Jaintia Dancers Association (ADA) has announced the postponement of the biggest dance reality show in Jaintia Hills.
The CEM also informed that the team of inquiry will thoroughly review the accounts of KHADC so that there will be no errors during the audit.
This T.1.80 crore will be used for the payment of salaries for up to 15 months from November
Regarding the CEM's claim that the Council does not have the funds to pay salaries, the BJP MDCs said that the JHADC has funds through the Reserved Fund of about 2.70 crore tyngka, and through the revenue from the The coal revenue from October to March 2019 is about Rs 15 crore and the received cell of the JHADC finance department is about Rs 4.22 crore.
“As they still need to consider these amendments, let the matter come back for hearing after three months and it is hoped that the parties will resolve the issue. This is an ongoing matter and can be completed immediately.
Furthermore, the house of Hiartunong Marwein, his wife and their children came to live there.
The match between the two teams started at 2 pm and no one could score a goal in the first half. Mawkriah West SC and Mawkasiang SC won the tie breaker.
Dkhar and card.
Evergreen Mukhla beat Wahiajer 3-2 on Monday.
Tengsak said the reason why the protests continued was the government's refusal to implement the Inner Line Permit demanded by the protesters.
Therefore, let the people of the country and the State as a whole know that our Honorable Chief Minister is just speaking freely, regardless of whether it is in accordance with the Rules of the AD Rules
On 29th November 2022, the government submitted the blueprint to the HPC at a meeting at the Secretariat. You can visit the office of the Shillong Municipal Board.
JNV Mawphlang, was closed down on 28th July 2019, after the Environment Committee inspected and found that the Sewage Treatment Plant of the school was not working.
With this victory, Laitjem CC will play the final against Hurdles CC at Shortimai Syiem Stadium, Sohra at 10 pm.
The HYC also demanded that the government should immediately implement the school fees especially in Government Aided schools and private schools as this has affected the students. The Minister said that he will take action on this.
That is why the Word of God through the Prophet Daniel, said – “In one day he shall set up a strong covenant.
Also present on the occasion were Chielang Lyngdoh, President of Sohkymphor Congress Unit, Khmihbha Phawa, President of Wapungskur Congress Unit, Gerald Phawa and Bhalang Bang, Vice President of KBCC. Pamrakmai Congress Unit, Vice President, 7-Village Congress Circle and other members and guests, said a statement issued by the General Secretary of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Ma Rimis Dkhar.
“We are like this because of the selflessness of these men and also the spirit of cooperation from the Government authorities such as the Block Development Officer (BDO) of Pynursla C&RD Block.
Johny said that these puit are still bitter from the pylleng and they are still very hungry, where they eat as much as they can.
After the lifting of the office blockade, on 19th July, the HSPDP convened a meeting of political parties to form a committee to work with only one group for the purpose of Think about the issue of Rangbah Shnong.
He also directed the members who wish to contest the election to submit their nomination papers today to the Secretary of the Legislative Department and the nomination process will be held today.
The issue raised by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit MLA from Nongkrem Constituency and President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has shocked the Khasi-Pnar people and stirred up the minds of those who Many, but we should know that the Garo people also have their own sense of responsibility for their own nation.
Speaking to reporters, one of the employees of the company said that the cost of construction has reached lakhs of rupees and at the same time the employees of the company have already paid Lodge a complaint to the Mawkyrwat Police Station for further investigation.
“Through this, it will open up opportunities for the people from the rural areas to earn money and become rich and will also encourage them to stop moving to the cities,” he said.
It also sends its condolences to the family members and all those who have a close relationship with this former football star in the region and the state as a whole.
Before Christmas and New Year, it was seen that they started working only below Pongtung and the work was suspended while the Lyngkat road has not yet been painted. Our area is still facing a lot of problems and especially the residents of Bapli who live near this road which has been destroyed and has been covered with earth since 2018 and until these days, the cleaning of the soil has continued. Therefore, these residents are facing a serious problem which affects their cleanliness and health.
Police have arrested 24 people suspected of involvement in the bombings of various churches and hotels.
In the first match, Sainhikuru Pale scored the first goal in the 8th minute of the second half. you are playing.
He said that he has a lot of respect for other MLAs like Maieid (L) Hopingstone Lyngdoh MLA, Bah Francis Mawlot MLA and other MLAs who have brought benefits to Nongstoin.
The supporters of the MLA, praised the good character of Bah Kyrmen Shylla, who is ready to help everyone from the big to the small, so in a spirit of love they gave their congratulations. Speaking at a meeting at Bataw, u Bah Kyrmen Shylla expressed his gratitude to the residents of Bataw. Bataw especially his supporters who are true people and he believes that in the upcoming election there will be many supporters from Bataw village who will vote for him. He cannot complete all the outstanding tasks, but he promises that if he reaches the goal of victory, he will strive to complete the remaining tasks, in collaboration with the Waheh Shnongs and also with the public.
Although it was sent off, the Meghalaya team worked hard without hesitation and fought hard to score.
After this, the team went to Balicherra village where there are 11 Khasi-Pnar families living in this village.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Meghalaya government has requested more judges from the CM for the Meghalaya High Court to expedite the hearing of cases.
“Because of this meeting with the ASHAs tomorrow, it is necessary to understand that the decision can be taken by the Government.
The Government of India has made it a rule that all bank accounts of job card holders must be linked to Aadhaar,” Mondal said.
The ASHA leaders said that even during the lockdown, the ASHA workers are not entitled to a salary of 2000 tyngka, but many of them receive only 800, 1200, and 1600 rupees.
At the same time, he said that lymmuh should not be given but should be done in a proper manner.
He said the Modi government would follow all the terms of the social agreement.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling, said that the government is fortunate that the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MDA) has provided financial assistance for the project.
Secretary in the presence of State Secretary Bah Lasting Lamin, on the 17th November 2020, on the occasion of the death anniversary of Pa iem Tirot Singh Syiem, 185 years old, visited Dawki PHC to hold a food distribution programme. to distribute masks, sanitizers to the patients who came to take medicines on this day as part of the efforts to help and prevent the spread of Covid
After receiving a tip, the ANTF raided a house in Lumsohphoh, Lower Mawprem and arrested four persons including two women and two men. guys.
At present, the problems have been overcome and many places have been destroyed.
Lamyrsiang scored the first goal in the 16th minute through Kiew Bareh.
The issue is the final part of the talks between the Indo-Nagas, which is awaiting final approval from the Indian government and the Naga group, the NNGPs said.
On the part of the Additional Deputy Commissioner In-charge of Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, Bah D.Hynniewta, he expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Umsyiem Village Council and the Rangbah Shnong. with the government at such a time.
Jesus has such power and authority that if He wants to escape from the torture and crucifixion of men and die on the Cross He can escape Himself slowly but He did not force anything because He did not write that Christ ought to have died as the Savior for mankind.
The winners of this competition received Rs 25,000/- for the first place, Rs 20,000/- for the second place and Rs 15,000/- for the third place. Rs 1000/- for the fourth, third and sixth place winners along with trophies and certificates.
The seminar was conducted by Manas Chaudhury and was attended by Prof. RK Satpathy, Department of Political Science, NEHU and journalists of the state.
Like the occasional disasters, which do not affect society and the environment, we feel that we can believe when we have properly analyzed their consequences.
According to sources, the drowning happened on July 28 at about 11 pm, and the deceased was identified as Walchang Sangma.
In the past few days, the state government has announced that it will meet again with the HPC on the 15th of this month. Accept what the government proposes and they cannot refuse to continue the work as it has been from the beginning in the hands of the Court.
The suspects have also been charged with absconding.
Shillong, July 14: The Executive Committee of the Union of Village Authorities (UVH) of Bri U Hynniewtrep in its emergency meeting today decided to meet with the three CEMs of the Union of Village Authorities. District Council in this state.
He said that JHADC member Bah C. Biam from Nangbah constituency has donated T.20,000 for the construction of the community hall of the Presbyterian Church in Kyndong Tuber.
Lajong are still in the I-League with Mohammedan Sporting in fourth place with 13 points from seven games.
NASA scientists have been focusing on these days to watch these celestial bodies fall to Earth and just a few weeks ago, they didn't find a single celestial body flying to Earth. The earth, which is the size of a small car, is said to have come very close to the earth, at a distance of about 1,830 miles (2,950km) from our home planet.
“I don't know on what basis the President of NPP Meghalaya has asked us what is needed and what documents are missing. others say that the documents are complete," he said.
This order shall come into force immediately and shall remain in force until further notice.
Regarding the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, Robert said that although the Assembly has passed the Resolution, the inclusion of the Garo language has not been done. which, perhaps still lacking in many respects, has enabled the Khasi language to enter the fifth grade.
Conrad said that although there are MLAs who complain that they don't have confidence, the confidence of the people is in the MDA MLAs and he as the Prime Minister and the Government has the will to work for them. for the population of the State which is about 38 lakh.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Commissioner of Income Tax, Vice Chancellor (North Eastern Hill University), IG Border Security Force (BSF), retired CBIC officers, Consul General Bhutan, and others. Other leaders from Customs agencies such as Income Tax, Assam Rifles, BSF, new Inspectors of CBIC, teachers and students of NEHU, and officers from other Government departments .
This I say clearly on my part," he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Hek congratulated and praised the village for its 50th anniversary, and said that many changes have taken place in the village in these years. .
He informed that in the next few years 50 such PRIME Hubs will be launched across the State that would cater to the needs of skill based education.
He said that as we know in Meghalaya we have Khasi, Jaintia & Garo but when it comes to employment, the reservation policy is through the seats government. We Khasi have been discriminated against and it has not been equal between us Khasi, Jaintia and Garo that is 20% for Khasi, 20% for Jaintia and 40% for Garo. We have more than 18 lakh Garo people, 9 lakh Garo people but in this field, there has been no equality for 50 years but there has been nothing to improve or unite us. The youth of the state have expressed their sorrow when they see such discriminatory actions of the government of Meghalaya against us the people of Hynniewtrep.
Thus the last day of the 69 weeks is the day on which Jesus performs miracles and the day on which he tells a parable about himself saying – “A certain nobleman went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom; far from receiving the kingdom and returning.
Sangma said this while visiting Don Bosco Technical School in Shillong, where he also distributed certificates and appointment letters to the graduates.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling today arrived at Langpih Village for a special visit to Langpih. and also to listen to the concerns of the residents of the area to convey to him as a Minister of State.
Furthermore, new Model Degree Colleges have been set up in Patharkhmah and Rongjeng.
What is more shocking now is that, in the midst of the unnamed errors in the Khasi Grammar, people have rushed to include the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule as an official language. language) of the Khasi.
“I cannot promise Bah Ardent that we will do what he says because first we have to understand what he wants.
This sudden rise in the rank of the state in the field of sports is due to the initiative of the Minister to promote the sports industry.
Members of the three organizations led by Vorrozislov Sohkhlet, Evanfield Khonglam and Dawanbor Diengdoh, met with the SDO on the delay in the work of the department and also on the lack of electricity can be turned on at the right time.
All political parties, women's organizations, youth organizations, various associations such as marketers, drivers, teachers' unions, student unions of colleges and universities are invited to attend. MPs, MLAs, MDCs and political party leaders are urged to attend the protest against CAB and demand for ILP. Shillong: The Lok Sabha today passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) and the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) was passed by the Lok Sabha. The bill will be tabled in the Rajya Sabha today.
The meeting was held at the Hall of the Office of the BDO, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block. The meeting was conducted by the BDO, Bah I. Lawrniang, MCS. J.Nongsiej, Chairman of the CMHAP Mawkyrwat Block, the beneficiaries of the CMHAP scheme and other dignitaries.
Although the evening was cold, this did not discourage the 3000 young men and women from all over the State who gathered together to showcase their talents.
He said that he is a man who used to live to eat phandieng in the past, therefore he knows well the problems faced by the villagers and unlike others who have lived in the city, who do not don't understand the problems faced by the people in the villages.
Hopefully God will have mercy on us with His eternal mercy and we will get that medicine soon so that it will be a way to help those who are affected by this disease and we can immediately eradicate the Corona Virus .
He said that as the District Headquarters, it still needs a lot of funds to promote tourism as it is a department that can grow rapidly and can improve employment and income of the people in the country. to investigate the site and to select the priority works that can be carried out in the site.
Many of the leaders in the society like Ma OR Shallam from Jowai and others have written and expressed their views and judgments on the allocation of the state over time.
Samla Zandy Myrthong, who is also the Leader of the Seng Samla Warsanlyngdoh, in his speech, confirmed by witnesses that he has often gone to inform the authorities about the electricity bill and the payment method. It is very difficult to reach Mawkyrwat, because it takes 2-3 hours to walk from the villages to Mawkaji and in the absence of a road from Wahkaji connecting to the Headquarters, it has become more and more difficult. There are also many problems and we have gone to other departments but until now there has not been a single soh.
The union has already informed the district authorities and relevant departments of the state government to take action to ensure that the people should benefit. and also not to reach the point of closing down such government offices.
Speaking to reporters, the CEO of Dalmia Cement Bharat Ltd. said that the company has received a No-Objection Certificate from the Dalmia Cement Bharat Ltd. various departments “Everywhere there was a collection of garbage, which used to cause a lot of problems, so the company took and collected the garbage to burn in the cement plant , this is good that We have done this in the community, we have taken these waste from various cooperatives and we have already signed an agreement with the Shillong Municipal Corporation, Guwahati Municipal Cooperation, we have also received the NOC and Clearance. “We are planning to sign an agreement with the Jowai Municipal Cooperation and also with the Khliehriat Municipal Cooperation, because we burn these waste at the plant,” he said. The Village Authority, CP Tiwari, said that such uses have not been required to obtain permission from the Village as the company uses them only inside the plant. He said that the village authorities are aware of this garbage collection but not through direct communication. “We have started collecting garbage. Thangskai village and we have already distributed garbage dumps to the households to dispose of their garbage,” he added.
No it wasn't like that.
I opened the door with my right hand to see the ryndang.
As the time for the election of MLAs (legislators) approaches, the music, songs, football matches and other entertainment activities increase and the going to the toilet increases.
This was confirmed by the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) led by its President Bah Charlie J. Rani which took a picture of the bridge at Wah Umler during a visit to Sabuda village on Friday.
Thank you very much.
You must be hypocrites," said Ymbon.
The General Secretary of FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Deihok Sumer, said, “We strongly condemn the MDA government, because we see the work of the government which has brought about development and opened branches. However, why is it difficult for the government to open a full Police Out Post in Mukroh to provide security to the people in this area? The Sengbhalang has taken great care to investigate, follow up and summon the courts but it is unfortunate that the police in the necessary places are the barriers to the fight for the rights of the people. Therefore, we express our regret and urge the police department to do whatever they can to resolve this issue as this is a matter of the state where the government should take action. At the same time, he sent his condolences to the families of the victims and that God will send his spirit to “The blood that flows will never end but will continue to strengthen the soul of us young people who are fighting for the rights of the country and the nation and from now on we are ready to fight, because we see that the The President of FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Mac Meral Suting, expressed his regret and strong condemnation of the actions of the Assam Police in Mukroh said that this shows that the Assam police from time to time have been insulting and insulting to the point of killing their brothers and sisters. They also urged the government not only to think of making money but also to think of the people especially those who live on the border to bring peace and stability to avoid any tragic incidents. He also condemned the actions of the Assam and Meghalaya Police and urged the government to give a fair trial to those who died in this incident.
The state government has set up an Expert Committee to study the Reservation Policy and Roster System after 51 years of independence.
Meghalaya tied for 282 in the first innings while Sikkim tied for
NOTA received 272 votes while the other three candidates including HSPDP candidate Sandondor Ryntathiang received 62 votes and All India Trinamool Congress candidate received 62 votes. (TMC) Stoding Thabah received 89 votes while BJP candidate Seraph Eric Kharbuki received 40 votes.
Besides that Meghalaya has already reached the bottom in terms of literacy in India, it will continue to fall even further than Bihar which is the bottom state.
On the allegation by the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma, James said, “The Leader of the Opposition when he gets the opportunity to speak he speaks in the past and I have nothing to say.
The founder of Skims has been attending the Met Gala for 10 years and this is the first time for her and her family members to take part in this great festival. of Holly Wood.
He also stressed the need to get responsible people who can give advice for improvement so that the future of the future generations will be brighter.
Besides, it is felt that these allegations will not end until the election is over but only after the election if the NPP wins and comes back to power all these allegations will disappear because everyone wants to I'm going to sit down.
He strongly warned the churches in the days of the Apostles, “To abstain from fornication and uncleanness.” He also said 1 Corinthians 5:11, “But I write unto you not to keep company with any man that calleth himself righteous; believe me if you are a fool".
Speaking to reporters, Nongshlong said that in Mawïamsyiem, almost all the residents are Garo and only a few families are Khasi. The Garo from Mawïamsyiem and other villages from Kamphaduli to Kyrshai were shocked because they did not understand that This is the answer to the question of Bah Ardent.
Will a road that is covered with stone, cleaned and painted reach Rs 3 crore? The residents of Mawdun have decided whether this road has been constructed by Rodeka Enterprise.
The Cabinet also approved the amendment to the Education Code – in relation to the rules for the employees of Aided Educational Institutions.
The price has increased from side to side, but the price has not increased.
Expressing his concern over the inability of the MCCL to operate which is the source of income for the people of Sohra, Bah Khlur said that the shutdown of the factory and the lack of salaries of the employees has affected the family. Besides the workers, it has also affected the people of Sohra area who live from the relationship between the workers and the workers. in many areas saving them money.
After lodging a complaint, they were handed over to the Dawki Police Station for further investigation.
He said that it was found that the parking lot of MUDA at the top of the market is in short supply due to pollution, and even if parking is not safe.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 26: The Union Minister of State for Child Development, John Barla on Saturday visited the Dr H.Gordon Robert Hospital in Shillong. Jaïaw, Shillong in the presence of BJP Meghalaya State Unit leaders.
“It’s an honor that people have had the opportunity to fly the country’s flag in their homes.
Through the film Ka Chithi, witnesses will also see the richness of the culture and traditions of the Jaintia people.
Mr. Omega has been missing since 26th June.
The Estate Manager of Star Cement, JK Singh, gave a talk on how to filter water.
Meanwhile, the Cabinet declined to talk to reporters after deciding to stop writing news related to Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
Reports also said that the storm also destroyed electricity posts and trees in the area.
Furthermore, Bah Sumar took part in the translation of Rabindranath Tagore's works into Khasi.
The Voice of People's Party (VPP) candidate from North Shillong constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday lodged an FIR at the Sadar Police Station in Shillong on charges of misappropriation of funds. The Central Government of Meghalaya has planned for the expenditure during the COVID-19 pandemic.
“If we don’t protect our planet, if we don’t protect the forests and the water bodies, the next generation will face a crisis," Ahammed said.
Shillong, Nailar 02 The farmers between Ryngku on the Khasimara and Dholai rivers have faced many problems due to the lack of a footbridge or sub-way during the construction of the bridge. The farmers of Mawsyrnam Block are in dire straits.
On the regularization of the State Implementation Society to the State Education Department, it has been a long standing demand. the Managing Committee which is headed by the religious leaders of the Dorbar Shnongs and others.
“We have not received any information from the university whether it has opened or not but we have received only a recent letter from the university about the annual report,” said the Director of Higher & Technical Education.
In another incident, Endalin Puwein, 26, of Pyndengbia, has lodged a complaint against her husband alleging that on the 3rd of this month at 8.00 pm, her husband Sharling. Shyrkon, who has been living with her since 2005 with four children, shot her while she was in poverty and injured her and took her to the Civil Hospital for treatment. .
The public has a right to know," he said.
Shillong, July 30: The Director of Housing Department of Meghalaya has lodged a complaint with the Sadar Police Station that the Finance Department of the Meghalaya Government has not provided information on the report of the Special Audit for the year 2002-2 until the year 2008-2009 in respect of the distribution of tin soping, where the VAT of T.20,31,543 had been deposited on 17th June 2012 after the expiry of the deadline in 2009, she alleged that this was misappropriation of funds.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah has asked the Dkhars living in RR Colony or Them Rynjah to come and settle in the village so that they can participate in the development works.
Let's see for example : How are the residents of Mawlynnong who live their days to teach cleanliness until this village has received awards and assistance from all over the world for that cleanliness skills which has become the customs and traditions of the inhabitants of this area.
The village leaders of the raid, revealed the name of Bah Hercules Suting, who is also the General Secretary of the HYC in Ri Bhoi, and his team, who came to disrupt the construction of the raid. road, which is still in progress.
The United Naga Council (UNC), the largest Naga organization in Manipur, on Tuesday rejected the demand of the Kuki organization for the appointment of post chief secretaries and directors. General of Police is not a member of the Kuki area.
Banshai also strongly condemned the lack of attention of the Rehabilitation Centre, the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society which allowed him to walk even after he left the Rehabilitation Centre. Speaking on the occasion, the family members of the family demanded that the punishment should be punished by imprisonment or imprisonment of the suspect. you are a prisoner of life.
Sangma said that since the time JP Nadda was Minister of Health and Family Welfare, he has already raised this issue.
Chipson Dkhar scored 9', Seven Pakem 18' and Bren Dkhar 42'.
The Spiritual Director announced that the 5th Tournament will be held in Parish Laitkor in 2026 and handed over the flag of the Zone to the President of the Laitkor Youth Association.
Previously, any party functionaries could become party office bearers at any position even up to the post of president or secretary.
According to the CCTV footage, the residents were lucky and escaped as the bomb exploded only after 18 seconds, which fell and allowed passing vehicles to pass away.
This affects the dignity of the community and we should not point fingers at the foreigner but the question is who gave them the land, whether the money was banned.
All these CEMs have come to the market to bring about change.
Referring to the state of Khasi music, Babu Chosterfield said that Khasi Music is facing one problem and that is that it is facing problems in the market.
Since the traffic jam is all day, the monitoring of the traffic should also be all day long.
Before the inauguration of these two foundation stones, a meeting was held at Pdengshakap Ground, Amlarem Sub-Division, West Jaintia Hills District. the people of the village.
Babu Birbor said that while the leaders should have looked after the shortage of people in the state, they have not marked the path for each and every one.
In these days we have seen that many such numbers have emerged which need to be in every household of the people to get their right to benefit themselves.
There is no electricity or visits by ASHA workers or doctors.
Is it just because the RSS wants to implement their Hindutva agenda quickly, that the great contribution of Christians to the building of India will be counted?
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Delivery Officer – India & Americas
A blood test was also conducted for the participants, said a statement from Pastor ER Kharkrang.
Every time they lead and hold the power of the government in the country and the state, they produce and create various development schemes and projects for the development of the people from private schemes. , group schemes, village schemes, 30 types of schemes as well as large and small projects such as roads, health, education and factory schemes, and many others.
He said that the MDA government has promised only words but has not done anything.
It was 4:30, my mother said.
The meat which had been performed in the ritual today was cleansed by the children of the Raij and the eating of the cow was part of the agreement with Lei Sohpetbneng who wanted to and the Messiah shall not be able to destroy the wickedness of the world.
For more information, please call 8837007037 & 7005767237 or the office bearers of the synjuk and the deadline for submission of nominations is on or before the 22nd of this month.
The inspection was launched by Red Cross Lower Laban in the presence of Edward Kharwanlang, Rangbah Shnong, Laban, Joy Rynjah, Secretary Laban Dorbar Shnong and members of the Dorbar Shnong, Amelia Swer, Secretary Indian. Sanbor expressed his gratitude to the Dorbar Shnongs, government departments, the people and land owners for their support. bring development projects to the constituency.
“Are you alone or with whom?” asked the old man.
The 2023 Football League is organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
Momin is also a school teacher.
The Sordar of New Balakhawa said that Assam has now come to install PHE water pipes in Balakhawa and Bernongsai villages without the permission of the Meghalaya government.
It is to be recalled that this meeting was held on the announcement made by the Government on January 13, 2020 on the new fare for trucks in the State.
“Nature provides us for our need but not for our greed”.
Shillong, March 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has slammed former Defense Minister Bah RG Lyngdoh for his request to arrest the people involved in the robbery of petrol shopkeeper in Motphran recently.
It must be understood...that we are very different from others in language, religion, way of life and customs, from food and others.
The HSPDP said that Dulir includes several states as well as Meghalaya where the villages bordering Bangladesh in the North East (Pynursla) such as Pyrdiwah, Lyngkhat (I, II, III) Similarly, Dawki, Tamabil and others are the places mentioned in the Constitution (India & Bangladesh).
Others who were confirmed at the meeting were Vice President Iengskhem Diengdoh and James Ban Basaiawmoit, General Secretary Batkupar Wahlang, Joint Secretary Lurshai Lyngwa, Asst Gen Secretary WE Marngar and Carsol. Chief Organizer Strong Kharjana, Publicity Secretary James Nengnong, Office Secretary Freewellson Marpna and Treasurer Mehio Roy Suting.
Besides some traditional sports, the sports include high jump, long jump, race, march pass, march drill and others.
Tura, July 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the new Chokpot C&RD Block Office and the Degree College Building at Chokpot, South Garo Hills.
In Huroi, East Jaintia Hills; if you don't, you say “bu ji noh"
Speaking to media after the meeting, CEM of KHADC, Bah Latiplang said that it has been decided to meet again at 1 pm at KHADC on Saturday before the meeting. Anand Sharma will meet with Anand Sharma at Pine Wood Shillong.
Even the fugitive robbers, we have made a rule to judge fairly without their presence.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today met Union Home Minister Amit Shah in Delhi to discuss the decision of the Legislative Assembly. Meghalaya to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
“The explanation given is that major or minor coal cannot be exported to Bangladesh or any country in the world,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. They did not issue challans for the smuggling of coal to Bangladesh under the name of minor, except for the major.
She said the purpose of the test is to determine whether the smoke produced by vehicles is sufficient to prevent air and water pollution.
Therefore, the court has ordered that the improvement of this road should be done as soon as possible.
New Delhi: BJP leaders and Congress leader Rahul Gandhi have clashed today.
NDTV, one of the television channels, showed that out of the 390 constituencies, the BJP has won in 224 constituencies, while the Congress has won in 97 constituencies and Other political parties, which have nothing to do with these two parties, have increased in 70 constituencies.
S.Patil, Senior Advocate and other lawyers assisting him.
“I have not prepared anything on the issue of the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) especially in terms of allocation of funds as this is the responsibility of the state government and not the central government.
According to the documents received by the residents, the government has allocated up to T.19 crore to build a road behind the Law Kyntang and to improve the village roads in Mawphlang.
The team from Meghalaya has qualified for Pool-B which includes Goa, Uttrakhand and Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan, and Meghalaya's first match will be against Goa on 20th November. .
Manchester United midfielder Mason Mount will miss two Premier League games due to illness.
“Therefore, on my part, I feel that this matter should be taken seriously and resolved immediately.
We all know that the Holy Spirit came down to earth on the day of Pentecost and has not yet ascended to heaven.
Another issue raised by the Rajya Sabha MP in West Bengal was the purchase of vehicles by the Police Department which has wasted the money of the people of the state.
There is nothing that cannot be done if the budlum of the water is too cold.
Mathematics-100, Health Education-100, Khasi-93, Science & Technology-99, Social Studies-98 and English
At 2 pm, the nurses arrived and found that the deceased child had been born.
“They sent us a message to our relatives that we cannot come back because we cannot complete the work and we will bring T.5 lakh.
On behalf of the family of (L) Bud Chyrmang from Pamra Paithlu, East Jaintia Hills District, we would like to express our sincere gratitude to you all. Messages of condolences to our family through social media, such as WhatsApp, Facebook, SMS on the passing away of (L) Bud Chyrmang, the head of the Chyrmang Pamra Paithlu family, died on the 24th of this month.
Donlad Diengdoh and Manbha Iawphniaw scored two goals for Mawlai while Shaibor Nongrum scored one goal for Nangkiew Irat SC. the day of Mawlai.
Many decisions issued by the High Courts of various States in India and even the High Court of Meghalaya have already passed the same.
She also urged all the passengers to be careful when traveling on this road especially during the rainy season to avoid any injuries. unfortunately.
“If the people stop talking about money during the elections, there will always be changes in the rule of law in the State and the State will see many changes in all aspects,” he said.
In fact, many of them have been very happy, when there are intellectuals, Seng Bhalang and the people who don't want to do anything that will bring only harm and evil, rather than a few benefits. .
The funeral service was held by the Presbyterian Church Mootyrshiah in the presence of his fellow MDCs and Congress leaders from Shillong. JHADC, Obil Kyndait Chairman JHADC from his village church, various committees of Congress, MPCC, DCC, Mootyrshiah A&B and schools where he used to participate.
Love and protect your nation.
On the same day, the MLA also handed over the tableware, duli and table for the Pata Village Council, Mawdatbaki, to the Rangbah Shnong WR Narry, Secretary Eric Kharkulia, Secretary Eric Kharkulia, Mawdatbaki. In the presence of UDP Mawlai Circle leaders and others.
“We will ask the Government of India why it has not sent the ED (Enforcement Directorate), or the CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) to Meghalaya when there are many allegations of corruption in the State.
Denis Siang Shai, Independent Candidate, received the seat of Soybean, Ivoryna Shylla, Television, and Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit. pan and Candle.
Therefore, the CoMSO would like to clarify to the public that they should not misunderstand the demand for ILP and if anyone does not understand the ILP please contact the leaders of CoMSO we will explain to them or if anyone wants to complain. The CoMSO leaders are also ready to discuss the matter for clarification.
Therefore, the union urges the district authorities to ensure that ST certificates are issued to all children according to the rules of law.
Three of these candidates have been admitted to Shillong Civil Hospital after their four-day and three-night strike.
However, in 1938, Gopinath Bordoloi of the Congress was elected Prime Minister.
My mother brought me some food.
“They have deceived the people especially those from the rural areas and the poor by buying 5,000 or 10,000 or 20,000,” he said.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, has directed everyone to strictly observe the health protocols.
The National People's Party (NPP) MDCs have to consider accepting the two Congress MDCs who will soon join the NPP after the talks. shadong together with the NPP leaders in the state.
On Tuesday, 16 people were picked up by the Police.
“They (Harijans) have also filed a complaint in the Meghalaya High Court against the High Level Committee appointed by the State Government saying that the appointment of this Committee is illegal.
The ADR has prepared a report on the affidavits submitted by the Prime Ministers during the filing of nomination papers before contesting the elections.
However, the online newspaper The Sun, based in London, said that this was just a rumor, but there was no truth.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday admitted that according to the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) do not have the authority to issue labor licenses to foreign workers.
He said the SDO of MeECL has been instructed to look into this so that there will be no more incidents in the future.
The club has also decided to send a letter of congratulations to ISL owner Sanjiv Goenka.
He said that last year, there was a study by archaeologists, in which they told about the age of the beginning of the invasion in the state and this is the incident, which has been reveal your name to the whole world.
What can we expect from the descendants of Adam and Eve?
U Bah Kyrmen Shylla, as the candidate, told his supporters that he has not lost hope because with the same love and confidence as the people expressed in 2018, he will win this election again. You have loved me, you have trusted me and we will work together as usual, all the work I have done, all are your rights as the people,” said Bah Kyrmen.
A special prize was also awarded to Jimpeter Wanniang from Jakrem, 9 years old, who ran the race in 62 minutes.
Shillong, June 20: The Senior Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Bindo Mathew Lanong, has strongly criticized the four MDCs of the party who have left to support the ruling party in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The party's CEC has ordered them to withdraw their support after the findings of the House Committee. EC led by Bah PN Syiem has been arrested.
The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) candidate Martle M. Mukhim from Mawkynrew constituency on 15th June 2013, on Tuesday said that he is angry with the people to hear the words that change the situation by accusing him of not doing anything. or do anything, who is stupid, and so on.
Referring to the MoEFCC's issuance of a license to Star Cement, and the fact that CM Conrad Sangma has revealed in the same newspaper Nongsain Hima that he does not know anything, it has shocked many.
Before the start of the competition, there was also a thanksgiving ceremony by the elder Rgh Skor Jala. Members of the Apphira Archery Committee, members of the Apphira Archery Committee, while the meeting was conducted by Rgh Paia B Synrem.
Monbait is survived by his wife and four children.
Regarding the incident in Nognrah where two children were killed by their own father, the government has already provided 10 lakh tyngka and is now preparing to provide another 5 lakh tyngka for the family. I can't fight the judgment.
“If you get this every day, it's a year,” said the mother. “Sometimes it goes down but Rs.1000/- doesn't fall.” said the son. “It's Rs.1000/- per day,” said Marchborn. “It's Rs.25,000/- per month,” said the mother. “I'll earn my living so that I'll be happy later,” said Marchborn and stood up to wash his hands. This family began to turn around.
Supporting the students, HYC President Bah Roykurpar Synrem said, “Recently, the Minister of Education has promised to the students that they will receive the scholarship within two or three months. Unfortunately, for three months, the students have not received the scholarship.
The proposal was submitted to the Prime Minister after the formation of the MDA government in
However, the surprising thing is that many of us the people of this area still do not understand and do not respect the laws that the government has laid down for our benefit.
“I hope that the Prime Minister will convene a meeting on these issues and we will take a decision on how to proceed,” he said.
Speaking at the welcome ceremony for the UDP at Dinam Hall, Jaïaw, Bah Auguster Jyrwa said that from the very beginning, his spirit has not turned to other parties except the UDP. The UDP has admitted that it has its own people to contest the election from Jaïaw Constituency.
The meeting was conducted by S.Phanbuh, Assistant Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills in the presence of Deputy Commissioner, BS Sohliya, IAS, FB Basan, MCS, MA Challam, WK Kharbuli. , students, teachers and more.
There were about 10 quintals of fish inside the house.
The Meghalaya High Court has immediately implemented the Roster System for all appointments in the High Court, District Court, Sub-Divisional Court and others under the jurisdiction of the High Court (Notification No.HCM.II/). 39/2022/Estt Dated Shillong 14 June 2022).
Shillong, Naiwieng: The Trinamool Congress (TMC) Mawlai Block has confirmed the office bearers of the Kynton Massar Unit at a meeting held on the 17th of this month. AK Nongpiur during the preparations for the Assembly elections in
The Jowai Municipal Board (ENCC) has unanimously decided to take action against the dumping of garbage by the Jowai Municipal Board at Mooshutsdai Mookabeng in Thadmusem near Sohphoh village.
In the first match, Dkhiah West beat Khliehriat East 4-0 on artificial turf.
Nongpoh, July 17: The National People's Youth Front (NPLF) Umroi Block today congratulated Laniewkyrpang Nongrum on her achievement in the top twenty of the SSLC examination Umroi Constituency has been honored for the honor and dignity it has brought to the Umroi Constituency as a whole.
Furthermore, Murray has developed a strong and prominent style of play, by strengthening his ball distribution and other aspects of the game.
“This is the era of machinery and the farmers themselves use machinery in agriculture and when the government has released the farmers from the lockdown, we urge the government to open it too. “We have opened spare parts shops for the repair of power tillers and other equipment used by farmers,” said the President of the All Jaintia Transporters Association, Balen Thubru.
Do you boast that you are righteous, you will be thrown into Hell! A preacher of the Christian Church (or Catholic Church) says: Many of the evil spirits in the world turn from people who those who have lived an evil life and those who have died an evil death.
After that, they put the tin on the fire and heat the water until it boils.
When asked whether Fenela is still a member of the HSPDP, Witting Mawsor said, “As of now, she is no longer a member of the HSPDP”.
This is a false, deceitful and false statement made by unknown persons with the intention of defaming the image of the party and the name of Kong Patricia Mukhim who should have received the election. Padmashree Award which is well known in the society,” said the party's complaint.
When asked whether the political parties will also be allowed to meet Shah, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “We have received some applications from the political parties and they are now arranging for the political parties to meet. bad union home minister.
These rules relate to the penalty for defamation.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 22: The residents of Umtangar village and other neighboring villages including the elderly, women and youth, together with school children from various schools today came forward to hold a The march from Umlur to Umtangar to condemn the murder of Kitborlang Marbaniang by bloodthirsty men after his body was found on the evening of the 18th of this month from a nearby house. this village.
As witnessed today a tourist vehicle from Shillong Guwahati has lost its way at this place, the people who pass through this road have to face a traffic jam and which has affected the passengers, Haba Speaking to reporters, Samla Tony Shylla President HYC Nongpoh Circle said that the HYC Nongpoh Circle urges the NHAI authorities to immediately remove these lands. The union has also spoken to the engineer of NHAI by phone who is not currently in the state but he has promised to take action on this issue, as this place is This is a very dangerous situation for the people who pass through this road.
On the other hand, the Chairman of COMSO, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that this is a misleading statement by the MP. , is to advocate for the State especially to protect the uniqueness of the Hynniewtrep people, but he himself speaks and acts differently.
For any arrangements please call 9774407962 / 9612942208 /
“It was when I went ahead to set up BJP units in Sohra constituency that we saw in the newspapers that Dr. Khongjee had joined the BJP,” he said.
He was surprised to hear the strong beating of the old man by the Dkhar.
“Furthermore, the UDP leader expressed his confidence and hope that the people of the state will fully support the UDP in this MP election. “If all the parties in the MDA government nominate their own candidate for the MP election, Bah Metbah said that this will be just a thought that it can happen or not. Longsan Mansan, leaders of various Elaka, Raid and Hima of Ri Bhoi District, have expressed their deep sorrow over the UDP. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District (KHADC) has suspended the issuance of the Khasi Tribes Certificate. These years have put a lot of pressure on many of the students who are still growing up and struggling to progress in various fields.
Pynshngaiñ said that such festivals are held every year in the month of April and the District Council is not easy to hold such programmes, but now after the cooperation of and the State Government shall be as it is now.
Paswet said that the party is strongly warning that if these perpetrators are found, they will not be punished according to the law and at the same time he requests the cooperation of all the people to help so that they can be found. to the wicked who destroy the wicked.
Why do I say that, the Assam government cannot bring money to Meghalaya and the Meghalaya government cannot take away the money allocated to Manipur or other states in the North East. NPP National Vice President Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said.
Therefore, if we find that the people are opposed and collect garbage within the boundary of the village, we can take a decision to close the market,” said Edystone Shylla.
Churches, Districts, Presbyteries, Synods and even the PCI or Assembly have many tasks to accomplish.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today announced the closure of the house of Bah Sngewbhalang Synjri at Mission Compound, Block-2 , the bottom floor of W.Khonglah (Shanwai) in Riat Laban East, Madan Laban and the house of Wamelang Pyrbot, the house of Kiston Nongpluh and the house of Aiborname Suting in Qualapatty.
The name Jesus is the name that saves a great sinner like Saul.
“If we stop the vehicles coming from Assam here, it will not help the traffic jam in Shillong,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Ryntathiang said, “In the Mawkyrwat Constituency, the party has already nominated Myral Singh Lyngdoh for the Mawkyrwat Constituency. election 2023”.
Many rivers, including the Brahmaputra, have continued to flow to dangerous levels in many parts of the state.
At the same time, the CSWO strongly condemned the incident and urged the army authorities to reveal the names of the soldiers involved in the incident.
Banteidor said that there has been a discussion between him and his fellow cabinet ministers on this issue but there has been no discussion yet at the meeting of cabinet ministers. “We used to think about each other but until now there has been no discussion in the government, the government will have to think carefully about this,” he said.
Shillong: U Dr. Jemino Mawthoh today wrote a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma regarding the measures to curb the spread of Corona Virus in the state.
"It is regrettable that teachers often have to take to the streets to demand their salaries, their rights as teachers and this reflects the state of education in the state," he said. Dr. Mawthoh.
The flower planting ceremony was held thanks to the efforts of the ZPM of 13-Reru Kalung – Subu Lento to take special measures to bring about a clean environment and beauty in the Ziro area.
It is learned that on the 6th of this month, the CID has summoned two policemen – Abhajyoti Rabha and Rupjyoti Kalita for questioning in connection with the death of the policeman. Sumitra Rabha (mother of Junmoni Rabha) on 19th June lodged an FIR on the death of her daughter.
Lucas Syngkli had a chance to cross but the ball went wide.
To promote football in the district, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla as the chief guest in his speech, promised that in the upcoming Super Division season, he will increase the donation from 50,0 10,000 tyngka for the winner and 30,000 tyngka to 50,000 tyngka for the runner-up and this will continue while he is an MLA. They won the U-19 Men's Cooch Behar Trophy against Meghalaya on the fourth and final day.
Short speeches were delivered by Dr.S.Khonglah and Jinesh Lamin President NPYF. The NPYF Amlarem Block through its leaders distributed the same food items at Pdengshakap PHC. Relaxation Mukhim as Vice President, Ailad Surong as Secretary I/C War East Constituency and Civilson Nyalang as Secretary I/C War Central and other members. Synmon I/c Pdengshakap PHC who urged the patients to be brave enough to come to the hospitals for checkup of their diseases and promised to cooperate with the office bearers of NPYF Amlarem Block.
KHNAM has met with the Principal of the school and she has acknowledged that the school has received a letter from the state government on this matter and has promised to take action. remove this section immediately.
The DSK was founded in 1949 and a stone was laid to commemorate the 16 elders who founded the village in that year.
The seized cows were handed over to the police for further investigation.
“It is surprising that even though the elections have not yet started, we have seen that the TMC has changed its mind.
This is because the security measures in vehicles have improved in terms of modern technology, from the key to the chips and others,” said the SP (City). ), Mr. Vivek Syiem on Tuesday.
Through reading the books, the DC said that Bah Hoping has held the posts of MDC, EM, MLA and Minister of State and also as MP. He expressed his gratitude to the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglait for raising many heroes who have become the pride of the Kur.
On the other hand, the team would like to thank all those who took part in this successful competition.
This law also speaks of the Khasi custom of taking jait in which it is established to take jait only from the mother, not from the father.
This came with the help of Jorginho, who substituted for Bukayo Saka and Jesus did not miss this golden opportunity.
The Rangbah Shnong said that there are many problems faced by the village leaders and the residents of Block-2, because they are often harassed by the Assam Police and when they encounter such problems, they are harassed by the Assam Police. Many of the residents and village leaders have not dared to reveal the incident, because once it is revealed through the media, there will be other incidents of violence against the Assam police.
He said that earlier he had prepared himself to contest from Jaiaw but when the people wanted Strong Kharjana he decided to give his full support to Strong Kharjana.
At the end of the programme, there was a face-to-face discussion between the children who went to take part in these competitions and those who were invited, where the children expressed their difficulties faced during the trip. take part in these competitions.
Speaking to media, the Archbishop of Shillong Archdiocese, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, invited the faithful of the Dioceses of Shillong, Nongstoin and Jowai to take part in this day. The Salesian Society will celebrate this great day.
In the next few months, he promised to join the NPP party as it is the party that can win him from Mawkynrew constituency.
The day was enriched by the performances of the members of the Kur of East Jaintia Hills, the traditional dances of the members of the Kur of West Jaintia Hills, the Shad Pastieh of the Kur of Byndihati.
Nehru Suting, who contested the 2018 MLA election from the United Democratic Party (UDP) and received 10233 votes, was defeated by only 10233 votes. Prestone Tynsong of the National People's Party (NPP) who is also the Chief Secretary of the state received 2574 votes.
To this day the Jews do not have a temple to worship God.
Soso Tham is a writer who has changed his thinking and this has been evident through his writings in which he has shaped in many ways and the writings are also very valuable which he has combined and mixed together. and the traditional customs of the Khasi.
Justice Gaiphulshillu said the order was against the Supreme Court's decision in the case of State of Maharashtra vs Milind & Ors, in which the court had made it clear that the courts cannot to challenge the list of Scheduled Tribes.
He urged the people to be united and one of the ways to unite is by setting up Self Help Groups (SHGs) to work together for self development.
On the opening day of the trophy on 21st July 2022, Pomshutia SC beat Mawryngkang SC by 2 goals to one, while Umkrem SC beat Pashum SC by 3 goals to one.
After 15 or 18 days these plastic bags turn white and show that the shylluit tit have started to appear.
The driver of the four-wheeler was carrying the items in the city of Ganja, one of the capitals of Azerbaijan.
What we are witnessing today is that many Khasi, especially those living in urban areas, don't like to read or even speak their own language at home.
Furthermore, these Nepalis also clashed while Bah Kimfa was talking to the Assam police, which showed that they don't care about Meghalaya.
He said that the foreigners who smuggle the cattle are from Barpeta, Assam, Howli and others who are Muslims.
They said that when the Sirdar dies, the Executive Dorbar also dies because the Marbisu Sirdarship does not have a ministerial system like the Hima Lyngdoh or Hima Syiem.
When we arrived at the dorbar hall on the second day of the dorbar, we saw that all the MDCs from the PDF and the ARPA had arrived.
However, the match between East Jaintia Hills DCA and Shillong Cricket Association B was canceled due to rain while the match in Zone 1 Group A was cancelled. end without resolution.
“I don't want to take the credit for this victory, but the credit goes to God who has been with us from the beginning and to you the people who have supported us,” said Bah. Ardent amid the applause and cheers of the crowd.
He said the JAC has suggested to the government to set up an inter state maxi cab terminus to prevent foreign vehicles from passing through the country. jam in the state to transport people who want to travel around the state because as it is now, foreign vehicles have been allowed to travel.
What shocked the spectators was the lack of scoring by Laitryngew despite scoring many goals.
One of the members of the Forum, in his meeting with the Chief of Police of Assam; At this place, the police chief said that they will suspend the work and hand over to the authorities to discuss the matter, but on the 2nd of March, those employees came more along with the police. Police forces to guard them and now they are building a better camp and it is learned that Assam will send more police forces to this area.
Jowai, Jymmang 13: About 200 Muster Roll Workers under the banner of the Muster Roll Workers' Union, Jaintia Hills District, today marched from the District Library, Mynthong Jowai to Daimasi Ladthadlaboh. Jowai on the grounds that they have been treated too badly by the government.
Everyone welcomes this proposal if it is implemented after the end of the current MDC term,” said the CEM of KHADC. “I would like to ask the Prime Minister, 'Is he the court?
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of the party, Bah Jemino Mawthoh said, “On the 25th of this month we will go to Sohiong to announce the candidate for the upcoming elections. .
The leaders of these two units were confirmed by Samla Lambok Starwell Marngar, President KSU Sengkmie, in the presence of Samla Eric A Nongkynrih, Asst General Secretary KSU Sengkmie. Fedrick Kharmaw, former Vice President of the KSU, other KSU leaders and elders of the area.
Meanwhile, vocational training could be moved to a video conferencing room, which was found to be suitable to set up a room to provide training to the prisoners.
They don't think that they should be only MLA/MDC but if they are eligible to be office bearers, they choose their own choice and once they are elected they work hard and take responsibility for the party.
Shillong, July 27: Ka KHNAM stands on the basis of protecting the border, the land and the country and the minority people,” said Bah BL Nongbri (aka Bah Ban), Chief. Organizer of KHNAM Mawlai Circle who will also be the candidate for the MLA election 2018 from Mawlai. Leaders of the Central Body including Bah Pyndap Saiborne President, Bah Adelbert Nongrum Vice President, Bah Adel Bet Nongrum President Youth Wing, Shillong City and others.
In a statement sent by Melajied Khongbuh, he said that it is very pleasing that in the past few months, the Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat has visited the square despite the fierce fighting with the authorities. BGB, the government of Bangladesh.
I'll go to the shop a little bit first,” said the father and left immediately to find it night.
In June this year, the President of the Meghalaya SSA Teachers Association (MSTA) has pointed out the delay in the implementation of the SSA scheme in the State.
The foreigners, who came to the state with the intention of going to Nongstoin, came in a Traveller number AS-25-BC-6247 with the intention of going to Nongstoin. The purpose of the meeting was to build a pandal for the program of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
After the demonstration, a meeting was held to get the views of the participants.
Italian newspapers, these days, fill their pages, with reports of deaths and it is reported that some have published up to 40 pages of reports of deaths and this is due to the death of a person, which was forced from Coronavirus disease.
More than 200,000 people, including women and children, gathered at a square in Gurgaon for the premiere of the film 'Messenger of God' it was not allowed to be publicly displayed.
Is it not God that sendeth rain, and that maketh the sun to shine? Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts;
“On this occasion, various village leaders, youth Rangbah of the area and the public were present.
Sanvert Kurkalang took five wickets with Elizer.
He said that according to the map and documents, these lands are all in the land owned by the Nongkhlaw Kur and according to the map, these lands are from the Nongkhlaw Kur. Umshyrpi goes to Laban then to Bawri Mansion to Shillong College then goes to Polo through the river to the place where there is a shooting range and goes back to Jingkieng Wahingdoh and goes up to Them Ïewmawlong and goes back to Anjali. in the field of Umshyrpi.
She stressed that these drugs such as depressants, stimulants, hallucinogens, opioids affect the mental health and can lead a person's life astray.
According to the Union, the price of a gas cylinder is Rs.1091.48 tyngka until it reaches the ground floor of the consumers.
The training program was conducted by the NECTAR, an autonomous body of the Ministry of Science and Technology, Government of India at RRTC Umran, Ri Bhoi District.
Then people don't dare to talk badly about them, modest dress is more free from temptations, its value is greater than immodesty.
This way of speaking to children with this word is a mistake and a serious mistake.
On this occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Panaliar, Riquoma Rq Laloo, who was also the chief guest, urged the students to continue their studies and achieve higher ranks in the examinations. they went ahead.
In the men's category, Nikison Nongkseh won the first prize, Raplang Snaitang second and Banjoplang Wanniang third.
The power outage was reported 5 minutes before the end of the game.
He said that the outbreak of Khlam has also affected the work and one of the problems they face is the lack of skilled contractors.
The meeting was conducted by Bah SO Lyngskor, Secretary, Managing Committee of Nehru Memorial Secondary School and at the same time he delivered a welcome speech to all those who attended the meeting.
From the examination of their clothes, gold weighing 16.36 kg was found. The gold was smelted, polished and also in various jewelry.
At 4 pm, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma will inaugurate the festival at Pung Thadlaskein, followed by programmes, traditional fashion shows and famous musicians, Colors.
In the first leg, Moosalyngkat SC and Sohmynting SC came to a scoreless goal until the end of the scheduled time.
The nation and the country have lost a great man who did not forget the foundation of the national movement and who made a great contribution as a spiritual thinker.
Residents of Kunduz said the blast occurred at a Shiite Muslim mosque, where Muslims were praying today.
These remarks by Bah Kennedy C.Khyriem, came after the conclusion of a meeting held at the Circuit House in Nongpoh yesterday, which was convened by the State Government, which was also witnessed by the The meeting was attended by ADC East Khasi Hills, Peter Passah, MB Tongper, ADC Ri Bhoi, Kennedy C. Khyriem, Mazdoor Union leaders and others.
Ed we have completed, the requirement is that we should write the examination again for those who have not reached 45 percent in class 12 we have completed why else will we be dismissed because at the time we went to start teaching there was no order. ngin pass MTET”When asked whether the government has ever called for talks with them, Babu Birbor said, “Six times the Prime Minister has called for talks but the talks have ended and he is still examining this. “In other states, the governments have conducted examinations for “It's not enough to appoint contract teachers who have been teaching for a long time,” he said.
Shillong: U Bah Donkupar Sumer MDC of Umsning who is also the candidate of the UDP for the MLA election 2018 has lodged a complaint with the Umiam Police Station on 6th June at 10:43 pm. they had called and threatened him.
According to information received, some patients who have been infected with the disease have been infected again.
Meghalaya were represented by Phermiki Salahe, Leonaldo Lyngdoh, Anisaiborson Lyngdoh and Sumit Kumar Choudhury.
The Minister also mentioned the need for the villages to cooperate with the duties of the Natural Resource Management Committees in the rural areas.
Shillong: On the evening of 26th November 2022, an Alto 800 (ML 05 L 8175) collided with another vehicle. They were attacked by unidentified persons who threw stones and damaged the vehicle.
“The government's commitment to bring about transparency and accountability cannot be accepted if people involved in illegal activities are allowed to walk around without being punished by the law,” said Dr Roy.
Cock cock cock cock.
The incident followed several attacks in areas belonging to Ukraine but occupied by Russia.
The special session today to elect the Speaker of the JHADC was held after Laitsing Shylla, Congress MDC from Ummulong resigned from office on 4th May.
The Mullanpur Stadium has been completed in Mohali.
" The Father's words.
This is not an issue to campaign for elections but this is an issue for young job seekers.
The State Government today set up two committees to find out whether there are any drugs that are no longer suitable for use in government hospitals.
He said that the transformer was taken from Garo Hills.
Therefore, the residents are requested to do the following:- To provide the names of the voters who have died or fled the village, so that their names can be removed from the Electoral Roll.
When such failures occur, those in charge of the Works should take responsibility.
He said that during the meeting, there was a discussion on the problem of the people regarding the lack of medicines from the health centers in the area and which has also led to the people stealing from the hospitals. forest road, so that they can reach Assam to buy medicines and other necessities.
To instill the spirit of patriotism, to know the history of the nation, the fighters, the culture, the deity, the deeds, it is necessary to introduce education in the books about the love for the nation.
Shillong, July 15: Former CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bindo M Lanong, who was shocked by the decision of the Meghalaya High Court today; Bah HS Shylla, former CEM of KHADC, said that it was the darkest day in the history of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo minorities.
He said the state government sees the need for adequate police forces and their inability to fight against crime and maintain peace and order.
He was speaking after the inauguration of two roads at a cost of T 2 crore in Lower Lumparing.
From Laitkor to Police Bazar you can take a private car.
It was during this meeting that 14 other children confessed that they too had suffered the same incident at the hands of the same person.
Police seized 150 rounds of explosives, 10,000 rounds of bearings, ISIS uniforms, rifles and a drone camera.
Hek said that Hek had confessed that it was Mawrie who had ordered him to stop sending the letter of approval for the names of Shangpliang and Kharkrang to the Prime Minister.
He was arrested by the Village Defense Party of Ladrymbai Khliehdupon after receiving a complaint that Andrew and his friends had gone to demand money from some shops in Khliehdupon on the 3rd of this month. moon.
In previous years, when we came to the screening, we used to take exactly 16 people in one team.
The day was enriched by dances, songs, patriotic songs, comedy performances by these graduates.
“MeECL has been biased because many state owners, companies and private individuals can do works and projects in Leshka, but MeECL has given jobs only to foreigners and foreign companies. he owns the state.
Young striker Lamine Yamal led Barcelona to a 4-3 victory over Villarreal in La Liga.
MEPA has demanded that the government should release the debt of the newspapers, which has amounted to more than T.5 crore, which has been suspended for many years, as well as the DIPR, which has not been released. The Journalists Welfare Fund (JWF) has received 100,000 kyats this year, including the Journalists Welfare Fund (JWF).
The reason is that he doesn't have a place to live, because he has contracted covid and so he has to stay on top of a big tree.
Justine Dkhar, MLA Parliamentary Secretary and Hopeful Bamon, MLA, Chairman, Meghalaya Transport Corporation, Government of Meghalaya will be the chief guests. WR Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner, EJHD and Bah A. Andrew Shullai, Deputy Chief Executive Member, JHADC were the chief guests.
Up to 40 households have been affected in Nongthliew, Umthlong and Langkyrteng.
In Bengal they consume about 10 oz; in Bihar and Central Provinces, about 9 oz; in Bombay they consume about 5 oz; in the United States, about 4 oz; in Punjab, there is less rice than all these.
The storm also damaged the roof of the Govt LP School Lumshnong.
Nongsiang said that if the Mukul Sangma government continues to control the railway and if it does not release the arrested members of the party, the party is ready to leave. The KSU Sengkmie has prepared and will announce soon the strong protest programme.
He expressed his belief that the exhibition will help educate the people, and especially the students, about the great sacrifice of our freedom fighters for the country.
One is a civilian from Ri Bhoi District and the other is a BSF soldier. The total number of cases has risen to 54 and 45 have recovered.
The cleanliness drive was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
Shillong: After being sworn in as the new Minister in the MDA government, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, MLA of the HSPDP party, on Tuesday said that he is happy that after two and a half years of expectation and desire, “It is true that Samlin Malngiang still wants to continue as a minister, but on my part as a minister, Renikton said. I promise to complete all the pending works in the tenure of Bah Samlin Malngiang, if I get to hold the PHE department. As a minister and as an MLA, I have been monitoring the development of this district.
The Deputy Director said that she will take into consideration the suggestions of the union and the department will issue a new price.
More than 45 blood donation organizations across East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi Districts were honored and the meeting also received the awards. swear pledge and take responsibility to promote blood donation.
He explained the need to ensure stability in the field of electricity generation in the State and the North Eastern States by implementing the Chief Minister's Solar Mission (CM Solar Mission) launched by the Government of Meghalaya.
South Africa has been under a 35-day curfew since 27 October 2020 and the poor have no food left and their livelihoods have been destroyed.
Since then, 9 factories have been licensed to Khyndaw Bilat (5 near the Narpuh reserve) and many factories have been licensed to produce jet fuel (from the factory in Byrni). Meghalaya does not exceed 160-170 volts during peak hours.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he has not received any word from the BJP to withdraw from the MDA government. “It's not the MDA government, so this question should be asked to those who have refused to leave,” said the Minister.
The full office bearers of KSU Pahamlapong and Pahamsohthri Unit include Samla Bankitbok Syiem as President, John Lyngdoh Vice President, Faster Khymdeit Organizing Secretary, Risham Khymdeit Organizing Secretary, Nangbanji Sports Secretary. , Balajied Lyngdoh Office Secretary and other members.
The Government of India has deployed 220 battalions of troops to monitor the situation in Assam and neighboring states.
Tikiboru Pale scored the first goal for Catholic Youth in the 60th minute.
“I work with the people, what I can help I help and what I can't, I can't say,” said the MDC from Nongpoh.
The people are wiser to judge than to praise themselves like these leaders of this MDA government. eight before the world.
We see a major role in the integration of healthcare systems in this country in the coming years.
It was only with this 10 goals that Mawlai SC won the first semifinal and Khliehmawlieh also played well.
Nongpoh town has been crowded with people and vehicles accompanying the candidates until it has severely affected the traffic on the 4 lane road, which has been stuck in heavy traffic jam. I have never been to Nongpoh.
In the words of Bah Rana, he said, “They have eaten the cows of Bah Rana”.
In the men's category, Dasaman Kyndait won second place, Belin Dkhar came second and Damang Lyngdoh came third. In the women's category, Phyrnai Kyndait won followed by Happiness Phawa and you are Slong.
To live in a peaceful communityῆ, full of happiness, peace and hope.
She said that she had met the Minister of Social Welfare, Deborah C Marak who was surprised that she did not know that the Meghalaya government had paid T.50 per aganwadi because at that time it had not received it. this branch.
The couple, who are from Gujrat and were supposed to give birth in June this year, have had to cancel after the mother of the woman, 46, has been missing for 11 days. now, says the report.
All illegal appointments in the Lokayukta's office should be removed,” she said.
He started by going to the shongrel to clean up.
Embok Phawa, Secretary of the Lucky Draw Committee
So that social distancing can be maintained in public places, and that there will be no public gatherings.
He also expressed his regret over the incident.
With the rapid spread of Covid-19, many people are reluctant to travel especially to the market.
“There is a penalty for breaking the law.
However, when the body was taken to Tongseng village, Nongkhlieh Elaka, after post-mortem, they found signs of bruises on the ryngdang which shocked the family members of (L) Karnet Pajuh.
All the soils in India and in Khasi-Jaintia are low in nitrogen.
The meeting was attended by the elders of the Khun Kur Longtrai Lai and others including 14 tourist leaders.
“We don't contest elections in Himalchal Pradesh or Madhya Pradesh, we don't contest in Rajasthan and other states where the Congress still has power and wants to contest against the BJP but why do we contest in Meghalaya or Tripura or Goa and others? Many other states are because we see that the Congress can no longer fight against the BJP and we came to fight to allow the people to elect us because we have the will and ability to fight against the BJP. BJP,” she said.
The guard at the site said he could not know the number of tourists because the road is not too bad or even the security is adequate.
Yadav said that through the Open Market Sales Scheme Domestic (OMSS(D) Scheme), rice has been auctioned in the market every month to increase the price of these two types of commodities. the public and consumers will benefit.
In November 2022, Cheda opened the preschool in collaboration with Meghna Joshi, 43, and Viraj Upadhyay,
Kerala's four wickets were lost for nine runs and Meghalaya did not allow the opponent to reach 300 runs.
Ah! Sangsot has been introduced to the customs and religion of the Khasi.
You have to understand that Meghalaya is the closest state to Bangladesh and from time to time there is illegal entry into our state without laws and regulations,” said Marngar.
“For that reason, many parents have been shocked by the loss of many children,” said the mother.
Finally, what does the way of the cross speak to us today? In the words of Stanley J Samartha, “The Cross stands in a case where the religion of politics and the politics of religion come together to fight against one man, who stands for righteousness and truth.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 04 : The National People's Party (NPP) candidate for the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Election 2023 from 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency today. They came to register their names with the Returning Officer at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Khliehriat.
The First Division Football Tournament (EJHDFA) has reached the quarterfinals after the end of the first leg on Tuesday at the Artificial Turf Stadium in Diengshynrum.
