Santa Mary Shylla has become the first female MLA from Jaintia Hills after defeating Congress leader and Shillong MP Vincent H Pala and Shitlang Pale MLA candidate. The UDP has won the election from Sutnga Saipung Constituency after the counting of votes on Friday.
Mawlai, which has 32 points and 10 points more than the second place teams, Langsning and Rangdajied United, have decided to score the goal with two games left and the others have 1 point left. .
He said that he has received a promise from the government departments to prepare the names of the disabled people who have been employed, the vacancies and they will do or conduct the recruitment in the coming days.
:The Cherri Blossom Festival, one of the biggest festivals in the state, will be held for three days on the 24th-26th of November, the world's most famous, the 'Magic'
At the meeting, the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, without consulting with the Prime Minister, took the decision to hold the second NEOG. that too in just under six months.
Then the Father was also pleased that the brother who had hidden all his sins from him had repented and made peace with his brother.
She has received distinction in 6 subjects including E, M, S&T, SSc, HPE, Kh.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the DTO said that he has already informed the Commissioner Secretary of Transport regarding this issue and till now no repairs have been made or adequate equipment has been obtained.
According to the RTI reply received, the Uttar Pradesh Rajakiya Nirman Nigam, which has been awarded the contract for the construction of the new Legislative Assembly, has awarded the work to the rejected contractors known as Badri Rai & Company and Shiva Enterprise.
Shillong: Over Rs 12 lakh rupees has been seized from Ranikor constituency on Tuesday evening.
In the southern part of Lum Marok, it is reported that there was a snowstorm.
This is also the second contract in the ISL for the 24-year-old, who captained Bengal in the 75th Santosh Trophy last month. can play with the leader for the team that came second in the tournament.
“What has happened in the past few days is because not only our ethnic groups have remained on the border but many ethnic groups have remained. bor because it is still a place where other ethnic groups feel that more people have come here and other ethnic groups also want to show their own strength. The news is that instead of going with joy, there is no misunderstanding.
The woman met with her husband, Badruddin Tyabji and brought the Indian flag she had drawn.
(By Samla Hopestarwell Snaitang, Seiñduli II, WKHD) Thank you very much...As a Khasi child, I fully support you Bah Ardent.
Secondly, the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution empowers the indigenous people to protect, preserve, manage the land, forests, mineral resources, waters and rivers. promote traditional knowledge, culture and customs.
I am strong in faith I said pray, I prayed as soon as I finished I sat down on the mule, and I said to him, Shall I pray for you?, I said to pastor pray.
However, Rgh Don Kupar said that God has not forsaken him, he has listened to the prayers from time to time and it was not until the 2nd of June, that the state government once again extended the prayers. 75% of the population is allowed to climb this sacred mountain of Sohpetbneng.
The Chief Minister, who is also the National President of the NPP, announced this at a public meeting of the NPP held at Rongjeng Square on Monday.
This will be the second meeting after the two-day meeting on 19-20 July in Kolkata in
Shillong, Naitung, 16: The Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Youth Congress (TYC) on Thursday invited thousands of youths from Meghalaya to register with the Trinamool Youth Congress (TYC) in order to bring about change in the country. Meghalaya will contest the 2023 elections.
Therefore, she urged the students to think about their own lives on such days by being disciplined in these things so that they can avoid them.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 92847 out of which 90360 have recovered and 1559 have died.
Male and female dancers in traditional costumes came to participate in this dance which ended today after five days of the Pomblang Syiem.
Furthermore, on this occasion, there was also a discussion on how to follow up on the remaining tasks, whether they are political appointments and other tasks to strengthen the party as a whole.
The match on Tuesday (21st November, 2023) will be between Khimusniang and Sailung Ialong at 1 pm.
He said that the State Government is keen to restructure the Fisheries Department especially in relation to its objective of producing its own fish and being able to sell it in many markets.
We all know that ginger is very beneficial in all aspects especially for the skin.
Bah Michael Kharsyntiew who was also one of the volunteers on this day donated for the treatment of these children.
However, in areas where the trees are higher, this coffee may have only one main trunk that is only about 8 feet tall, or even more.
The march started from Nondein and ended at Nongstoin Market where the rally was held. The march was attended by members of the KSU from various Circles and Units as well as women's organizations of the area as a whole.
Jowai, March 14: A 27-year-old man named Mishas Manar has been arrested by the WJH Police for allegedly demanding money from his mother and also threatening his mother, father. and his brothers.
Rani said the Cabinet should understand how they are treated by the Union Ministers, where they don't even get to sit, especially when the Chief Minister is present. but he called them only to shondur like children.
Our young women are ready to go anywhere for a low salary.
In another match, Mulait United beat Rymbai Iawpynsing 6-1 in Group B, while Umkseh in Group A beat Rymbai Iawpynsing 6-1 Umrit FC scored a goal at the end of the first half to draw 2-2 against Umrit.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pius Marweiñ said that the construction of such development projects in relation to the sports grounds will be one of the ways to encourage the youth of the area to learn. Therefore, with the understanding and the need to do so today, the 7th In July, 2023, two foundation stones were laid for the project.
The owner of these explosives was identified as Meshan Nongrum of Umsning Village and he used to sell these explosives in a Maruti Van number ML B 3580 and this evening by mistake of trying to burn the bomb has spread to other bombs causing a heavy explosion.
In the second half, Meghalaya continued to improve their play by pressing into the end of Punjab.
The Jakrem-Ranikor Road via Rangmaw to Mawksiar is one of the oldest roads in Meghalaya and was built in the 1960s before Meghalaya got its own road. It is its own State but still falls under the Government of Assam.
The violation of SOPs and corruption is by the buyers of coal auctioned throughout Meghalaya,” said Bah Rymbai.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Jowai, Jowai, Jowai, u Bah PS II, on Tuesday congratulated the CSR department of Star Cement for organizing such an examination which is one of the ways to encourage the students, especially the students. There are also rules that have been explained to those students who study in Higher Secondary Schools in EJHD as an encouragement, so that they can strive harder and harder to reap the fruits of victory. Manager CSR, Star Cement Lumshnong, Kingshok Borah, u He said that this award is to encourage the children to work hard in their studies to progress and at the same time it is also a way to help and support them in their studies.
Among the Meghalaya bowlers, Akash managed to dismiss two wickets including Palzor & Prasad to finish the first day with 4/46 in 23 overs.
He said that the starting point for improvement of roads should be from the rural areas and the change should be from the rural areas to the city.
“I will make the constituency a smart constituency where the people don't have to go to Khyndai Lad for their necessities but others will come to buy from the market from our constituency,” said Bah Mahendro.
The closing ceremony was attended by Vibhor Agarwal IAS, Director Sports & Youth Affairs, Bobby L Nongbet DSO Ri-Bhoi, RBDBA Secretary Sylvestar Mynsong, Mark William. Nongrum Asst Secretary RBDBA, members of the Dorbar Shnong Nongpoh including Bah Michael Kharhunai, Samla Anthony Suchiang General Secretary, staff of the DSO office and other dignitaries.
He said that the CCIB has lodged a petition in the Meghalaya High Court since 21st November 2021 against the erection of signboards from 150 yards from the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border but the state government has proceeded to survey and erect. sign inside the village of Rhongkong.
Sources said that talks between senior PDF leaders and him are ongoing.
Here we must understand that marriage established by God is an ancient form of marriage.
In fact, as the world grows in knowledge, it should become a better and happier world.
Mendipathar is the only railway station in Meghalaya. It is 19.47 km long and connects Dudhnoi, Goalpara, Assam and Mendipathar.
The militants opened fire on the police, who were patrolling the area.
Along with the uniforms, they showed their strength today with the police in Delhi.
Kimfa is one of the four MLAs suspended from the Congress party who resigned after Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh and Mahendro Rapsang.
And the children of Israel asked of the Egyptians jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment: and the Egyptians gave them all that they asked.
At the same time, he expressed his regret that the nation is divided without unity.
Recently, the DpNER has allocated T.127 crore for the construction of the Tura Tech Park.
However, now that we have received the information from the children of the thousands of the Hima, we don't need a full-fledged king because the absence of a full-fledged king will cause more trouble.
So she gave herself away for a while.
The India Meteorological Department (IED) has forecast that the rainfall will continue in the next three days.
He said one of the independent MLAs from Baghmara has joined the UDP as an Associate Member and the cooperation will continue.
Understanding has no place in life, only silence and selfishness and selfishness.
Daniel will contest against UDP candidate Moonlight Pariat, Andrew Shullai from AITC and incumbent MLA Wailadmiki Shylla from NPP. KHADC to amend and amend the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Act
At the same time, he expressed his concern about the spread of false news through the internet.
Do you think women in India, especially those with low income, will be happy to see a rocket launched to the moon? They cannot look at the plane in the hope that one day they will be able to sit down, when their children are unemployed.
“We see that this second rule is just a delay tactic that makes no sense.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: Police have arrested a man for stealing computer equipment from the Secretariat, Parliamentary room of the Information Department.
The States in India have their own system of allocation of jobs, the allocation of jobs is according to the presence of the different populations in their states.
UP has four points while Goa has two points.
Sugar Maple 241.5 (574); 2.
Editor,.
When contacted by Rupang, the Range Forest Officer in charge, Bah NL Marwein, said that the annual production has not been less than 16-17 lakh tonnes in the past years. “This year we expect that the output will not be less than Rs 35 lakh because we have increased the price of entrants,” he said. u Mr. Marwein.
Regarding other problems at the CHC, the JSU admitted that many of the patients who are treated at the CHC have said that the boarding at the CHC is inadequate and overcrowded.
After Teli realized that he was not safe to go to the place, he fled with the police guarding him.
Shillong, July 3: This year, up to 70 sohblei will be ordained sohblei, and these 70 sohblei will be ordained from two schools. students from Mawlai, 40 students from Sacred Heart Theologian College, Phudmuri and 30 students from Oriental Theological College, Motsyiar.
Satan is also very powerful, and he can listen to our wicked prayers.
The Director General of Police, PJP Hahneman, denied to the media that there is a plan to declare dangerous areas in some parts of the country. Garo Hills, where the DGP said that the state government, even the prime minister, has not sent to the police department to investigate the involvement of politicians and NGOs in Garo Hills.
Also, up to 40700 voters have corrected their names in the current election.
“...many people have been arrested and severely punished.
He said that the government's delay in implementing these machines has put the drivers of vehicles carrying nurses from hospitals at great risk, as even the PPEs and equipment they have used have not been cleaned. For the sake of Covid-19, diesel will have to be purchased and burned.
Besides, Sangma said the expenditure comes from the EAPs and not from the revenue collected by the Government.
At the same time, he expressed his satisfaction if those PDF MLAs join the NPP as it will strengthen the party in the future.
Besides the border, the party also aims to improve development projects such as roads, water supply, electricity, educational institutions from schools to colleges, adequate health facilities or hospitals. , agricultural activities of the farmers and employment of the youth and other development activities in the district.
If you don't have a shisha, you can't accept the CBI bt.
The rules have temporarily banned the quarrying of stone in these villages and also the ban on the use of stone explosives in these areas.
In the past, the poor people had another word close to it, that is Punkhun, now it has to be called Funkhun.
The union and the people have not been able to understand this change of color of the river throughout the year.
Shillong, Nailar 30 : The Meghalaya State Chapter of the Indian Medical Association (IMA) recently held a CME to discuss India's target of eradicating tuberculosis by
He said that if they can set up a tax collection gate in Khanduli, it will cause some problems to the residents of the village because most of the time the people of Assam take advantage to collect taxes at high prices. the goods of the inhabitants of Khanduli.
The team will be led by Robin Nongrum as Head Coach, Amrit Rai as Assistant Coach and Rephel Rapsang as Team Manager. : Riboklang Mukhim, Aibok B Myrthong, Ribansan Marpna, Basohjingmut Sohktung, Janai Ranee, Hughbertstar NongdharMidfield: Nahbad Dkhar, Samlang Rympei (C), Federick Kurbah, Leslingkomar Lyngkhoi, Iaineh Khartma Ma, Mirshing, Midsingor, Damansing Kharsan psang , Johaib MominStriker: Bansumar Syiem, Ricky Pohtam.
“The Commission will not rest until justice comes for these children.
Police have also informed us that they are still waiting for the order in this regard,” said the KSU leader. , the party members immediately dispersed and left the area.
On the other hand, the Court has fixed the hearing for the 3rd of March as the case has been pending for many days.
These jhur vendors said that if the goods are lost, it is up to them as vendors to sell their goods.
His visit to Mizoram was also to strengthen the NPP in the state to prevent the Congress from coming to power.
And the maternity hospitals of these animals can be called their maternity hospitals and other animals.
On the other hand, HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that they will not sit idly by and will demand from the state government to ensure the rights of the indigenous people and to pass laws related to the welfare of the youth. you're going to the city.
Heprit was caught by the light line wires in the village on 23rd October 2024, while he was shooting birds in the forest inside the village, because the wires were too close to the stone. children always kick.
After the border collapsed, the Bangladeshis rebuilt it and took it higher from where it used to stand. The Bangladeshis were assisted by the Bangladesh Border Guard Force (BDR) later. Two BSF personnel came to assist them and the re-establishment of the mawpud was held today.
Dr Aman asked the TMC leaders what they have done when people have suffered from the outbreak of Covid-19 and said, “They have stayed at home while others are doing work like Covid-1 warrior, we have come out to help the people and I have never heard of such people during the pandemic to come out and help the people.
The Constitution of the country provides for the right to propagate or preach one's religion which means the right to communicate one's faith to others or to express one's faith.
Michael Dingan, Assistant General Secretary of MePDCL, said that the KSU has met with the Chief Engineer (Commercial) of MePDCL at Lumjingshai, Shillong on 28th October to seek clarification on the proposal to hand over the two projects. Sub-Divisions in Mawkyrwat and Mawsynram.
“We will hold a meeting on the 10th of June at Wahingdoh Community Hall at 11 am before talking to the Prime Minister at 3 pm at the Main Secretariat,” said SNSBH General Secretary Bah RL Blah. .
“The purpose of this festival is to promote tourism in the state, to increase the income of the people,” said the Chief Minister. message.
That's the truth.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25 : The Meghalaya Tourism Development Forum (MTDF) has strongly condemned the open shooting by Assam police in Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills in which seven people have lost their lives.
After the competition, prizes were awarded to the students who participated in the English essay competition on the theme of World Environment Day 2022 “Only One Earth” .
“We have urged the Government not to pass a law to ensure that there will be fairness in the employment process but the Government has not yet done anything on this even (despite the allegations) that there is a lot of corruption. Expressing his concern over the spread of robbery and theft in the state, the KSU leader said: “The thieves in the Secretariat and in various government departments are more dangerous because they deprive the educated youth of the right to get jobs in the right way,” said the KSU. .
The Man of the Match was awarded to Suresh Gurung of GTC who was also one of the best players of the match. Aiban Syiemlieh, Sordar of Kynshi Bangla.
“Don't blame Meghalaya for the MDA government. The BJP is also involved and thus they have blamed themselves, the UDP, HSPDP, PDF are involved with the NPP which is the leader,” he said.
He started the race with 7.81m before reaching the top in the second attempt.
The meeting was attended by SS Niangtia Member of CEC-KSU who confirmed the office bearers of the department and the meeting was conducted by Leningrad Tariang Organizing Secretary of KSU JHDU. The KSU has formed Madur and Nongbah units.
The Indian and Chinese army chiefs met for the sixth time on Sunday. The meeting started at 10 pm and continued for 15 hours. until 2.30 pm on Tuesday.
The next match of the tournament will be played on the 16th of this month. The First Division match will be between Bara Football Club and Pomsanngut Sports Club at 3 pm. In the second division, Perlseh Sports Club will play against Madan Mawser and in the third division, Mawkynroh Sports Club will play against Nonglwai Sports Club.
And it is for this reason that the European Union has imposed sanctions on Poland in some of these areas.
The last days of Bah Shylla's life were the creation of the Whatsapp Group Ka SUR U PAIDBAH HYNNIEW TREP. India in the midst of this disease, many have learned about it.
Fifty minutes later, Deshorn Brown scored the second goal after Goa FC's Federico Gallego. The third goal was scored by Luis Machado.
Irin Lyngdoh was also appointed as the Convener of Mawthadraishan Block to work hard to strengthen the party in the block.
Responsible.4.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 36 cases, 6 cases from Army, 2 cases from CRP and 28 cases from others.
This is because these birds eat all the insects that damage the plants.
The Government will announce one day every three months before the Fourth Quarter of the Financial Year 2023-24 when the Government will allocate funds for districts, blocks and villages. Different countries to clean up the villages with the aim of making the state clean and free from the spread of garbage.
According to a report sent by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo, who is also the Chairperson of the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA), The house of Kong Pyntngen Khongsit of Kshaid Village under Laitkroh Khatarshnong C&RD Block has been damaged by the earthquake.
According to information received, many student organizations and other NGOs have demanded that the state government should implement the NRC in Manipur.
“You cannot compare other incidents in other parts of India with what happened in Manipur,” said Justice Chandrachud, adding that what happened in Manipur is a genocide and an attempt to destroy. cover the nation.
There are also those who look forward to the New Year with negative thoughts such as struggling with many evil desires such as drinking alcohol, having fun with their friends and so on.
He said that even the owners of the Par Maw, are ready to talk to the road and promised to give to the Law Kyntang, if the land which they have turned into a Par Maw, falls. indeed within the boundaries of the Holy Law, but it is surprising that none of those who opposed it were able to come to the table of negotiations.
They have also been charged under various sections of the Wildlife Protection Act.
One such incident happened in North Garo Hills where there are about five villages where market goers, medicine vendors and school children have to pass through a bridge built on top of the ground. the Manda River in the village of Bugakol.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Mawser Market in Zero Point, Ri Bhoi District, which was built with the assistance of KHADC through the 13th Finance Commission, has turned into a forest. ten years after its opening.
Shillong, July 14 : The Minister of Fisheries, Bah AL Hek on Tuesday announced that the department has decided to set up a fact finding committee to find out the truth of the allegation that the There is no need to import formalin-treated fish from outside the state.
Speaking to media, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that the Chief Ministers of these two states do not know how to run the state at such times, where the Meghalaya government has arranged for this. The Assam government has banned foreigners from entering the state.
According to police sources, he committed the crime in a house in the area, using a small towel.
These foundation stones were inaugurated by Bah Sanbor at a meeting held at the Assam Club in the presence of village leaders, land owners and others.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, has requested the public to come and identify the body of an elderly man who was found behind the MTC building near the Star Aquarium Shop, Jail Road. you've got Pegasus.
“This party (VPP) is only in one of the four districts of the state, so it cannot call itself a Riewlum party, and it is not a party of the state but a party only. of one district,” said Paul Lyngdoh.
In his speech, Rakesh Sinha said that on 9th July, he had asked the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, to donate at least Rs 1 crore for the MP and Conrad K Sangma have discussed this issue with the officials, after which the Prime Minister has handed over the amount of Rs 1 crore. tyngka for the development of this village.
She has been elected as the State Director for Meghalaya from the Divalicious Mrs. Universe Pvt Ltd.
Warjri said the High Court on 5th October 2010 had issued an order to Assam to stop the construction of the road from Patkang to Bakhlapara. Successful.
These youths are also staying overnight in this place which is covered with plastic, which is not clean to look at because it is very dirty and to turn it into a place to drink drugs. These youths are still injecting drugs.
“This raises doubts whether it is the idea of ​​bloodshed and conflict among the ethnic groups so that they have another purpose,” he said.
These markets were owned and operated by the farmers and prevented the exploitation of the people who market the produce in the state.
Some sing Carols at Shepherd's Field, some at Manger Square and other places.
In the women's category, JJM Nichols Roy Mawsynram beat St. Francis School Mawsynram 1-0
The biggest star was erected in Manger Square.
“Regarding the issuance of NOCs and revenue to be collected from factories, our previous leaders have made mistakes in making agreements which has brought difficulties to us who have inherited to find ways and means how to do it. “It's a good idea to stop the evasion of taxes outside the budget,” said Ma Thombor.
Prestone said the government has directed the police department and the district authorities to punish severely according to the rules of law against those who drive illegally. and endanger the safety of others.
Shillong, Iaïong: There has been a complaint from the public that there are people who use bombs, pesticides, jar/tyngsong and other methods of hunting. They were the kinds of animals that lived in the river Rimen, which flowed through the cities; Katraduwa, Dholai, Huru-Pukni, Joiram, Kharabri and for the complaint of illegal logging without understanding and responsibility in these villages which fall under the jurisdiction of Malai Sohmat. Syiemship and Bhowal Syiemship in East Khasi Hills District, and because of these actions will lead to the destruction of aquatic and soil life, damage to the environment and also to the health of the people. According to the authority conferred by the District Magistrate, Isawanda Laloo under Section 144 Cr.
“It is also worth mentioning that Bah Ardent has been on strike for seven days to force the state government to review the Reservation Policy.
St. Anthony's College Shillong has reached the final after beating NEHU Shillong by 53 runs in the semi final.
Pride also comes to an end because many of our officers are proud that they have become chief officers, but they are like they have risen to the top.
In the current round of elections, the Congress has not won.
As part of improving the income of farmers and Meghalaya as a whole especially sohniamtra along with other soh ki pai, umsoh, musli musla and other food items imported The Government of Meghalaya has organized the Zest Fest Meghalaya Khasi Mandarin which started on Friday 14th November this year and ended on the 17th November 2013. date of the same month.
The Pynnoh Um Sngad-Ram Khur Crematorium is 14,951 meters high and now ranks sixth among the tallest crematoria in India.
The meeting was conducted by NPP National President Conrad K Sangma along with other party leaders.
They said that according to the information received by these two District Units, the government will release the salaries of SSA teachers from November 2015 to June
According to the CPSB, the 'good' on the Air Quality Index (AQI) is between 0-50, 'good' is between 51-100, 'good' is between 101-2 poor is between 201-300, very poor is between 301-400 and very poor is between 401-5
Shillong is one of the 24 districts in the country where the National Trachoma Survey has been conducted to find out the prevalence of the disease.
He said that at the time his wife was still in her rental.
TiE Delhi-NCR and Prayatna have partnered to organize an IT-based hackfest, 'Malaria Hackfest – Predict, Plan & Prevent', sponsored by Mortein.
The article said that the sale of thied is up to the buyers and not to the government, the government should not explain where to sell or where and the job of the government is to collect the right taxes. to pay and check the documents.
“I cannot provide information because I am not authorized to provide information on the activities of the department,” Sangma said.
Shillong, June 24: UDP leaders, including party president Dr Donkupar Roy, will leave for Garo Hills on the 26th of this month to meet with party leaders and also address a public meeting to be held in Garo Hills. in Baksawpara.
According to the photograph, one of the residents took a picture while he was holding the clean color with his hand without any force.
A meeting of all the MLAs in the city and surrounding areas was convened today to discuss the issue of MUDA's implementation of the Building Bye Laws which has caused confusion to the people. .
• Cage culture, seaweed cultivation, farmed fish with fishing vessels, traceability and laboratory network and others will be the main activities.
The Non-NFSA ration will be distributed at the rate of 7.215 kg per household at the price fixed by the Vigilance Committee which shall not exceed Rs.14/- per kg in urban or rural areas.
“The EC has welcomed the Supreme Court's order which has been suspended and it can also help to hide the voters who do not want to vote for candidates,” said the EC chief officer. and will not be used in the upcoming elections.
Through the Youth Synod, these Pastors acknowledged that the youth these days, are living in a difficult and challenging time through many evils, therefore they urged that they should to be the best example in the society, because the future of the country and the nation itself lies in the hands of the youth.
On the other hand, on the government's plan to evacuate all the students and workers in other states in the Northeast, the Nongpoh Chief Minister urged the village leaders not to evacuate. or to despise those young people who will return to their villages, but to encourage them and also to cooperate.
The Deputy Commissioner and SP of Ri-Bhoi District have been directed to discuss the matter with the DC and SP. Kamrup from Assam to provide security to the people in the border area.
The shooting incident on Friday night came 10 days after two persons were shot dead by the crowd after they allegedly tried to rape a girl. There is no shortage of curfew in Tura.
In this regard, the Council, after receiving the complaints of the passengers, has informed and sent a letter to the DC to take measures to curb the traffic jam and to appoint traffic police to enforce the traffic. car.
Manstudy was also with Dango until the 2018 MLA election which Dango won from Ranikor constituency.
Two of these cases include doctors, the IEDCR said.
The KSU leaders, including Ferdynald Kharkamni, President and James H. Mawphniang, General Secretary, met with the district authorities to remind them of the issue. The North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) has urged the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) to remind them of this issue. The state is one of the states that has been threatened earliest to stop the supply of Umphniang and which has caused trouble to the people.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 9,915, the Public Health Department said.
Arkidalang Myrthong (17') and Teilang Kurbah (47') scored for Seven United, while Wanpyrkhat Ïawphniaw (90'+2) converted from the edge of the box. Pyndengrei before the end of the match.
In addition, other members of the Committee have been appointed.
Boy's Hr.Sec.School, Jowai) and also the teachers of Govt.
According to a document received by Rupang, the Syiem of Mawsynram Hima and the Dorbar have signed a MoU which has been registered at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills on the 14th of this month. January 19, 2015.
The leaders of these two organizations met with the Deputy Commissioner of Police, Hailakandi to discuss the relationship and ownership of the forests by the Khasi Pnars in the Barak area.
In the petition, MSSASA said that the salaries of SSA teachers in Meghalaya have been allocated and increased by the office of the State Mission Director SEMAM-SSA. guidelines issued on March 31, 2016.
“We demand that the authorities of East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills should take action to evacuate the BSF troops from these villages as the presence of BSF in these two areas is very disturbing. to the people," he said.
It has been seen and witnessed that there are Khasi men who have taken their jait to themselves or to their own kur and not to the kur of the mother of their children. u Kpa but they took it from the mother.
That means electing people with legislative experience and ability.
In another incident, at 2.30 pm this morning, robbers stole a Maruti Gypsy (ML-05E-7063) belonging to Bah Justice Lyngdoh from Rymbai village in East Jaintia Hills. .
In his speech, Dr. Tiwari emphasized the contribution of the Ramakrishna Mission to the society, the city and the state.
In another incident in Garo Hills, three school children drowned in a fish pond at Miapara village, near Manikganj, North Garo Hills District, at 3 pm on the 29th. March 2019.
Shortly afterwards, Haaland scored the second goal after Jack Grealish's assist in the 70th minute.
Even though she has suffered many hardships in her life, she doesn't listen to such things and continues to work hard to reach her goal in life.
In Srinagar, eight new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed. Seven of them attended a funeral on 27th October, while one case was from a neighbour. Rohit Kansal, Principal Secretary-Planning, Jammu & Kashmir.
These things – these things happen because they have learned too much, they have learned too much, even the leaders seem to be blind and sleepy even those who don't consider themselves as leaders of this Khasi people, because many of them are blind people. as suda.
Since the news of the outbreak of beef, the market has declined and according to the estimates, there are only 3 shops selling beef in the market and all of them have closed down due to the lack of shopkeepers. wan thid.
In the second half, Mawlai girls showed their strength by scoring three goals in the first half, Makrisha Songthiang (3') and Sunalinda Iawren. (8′, 24′, 29′, 53′) which also won the title in this tournament.
Minister Duh said the Government has moved from the Look East policy to Act East, and now its policy is Act Fast for Northeast and Act First. for Northeast.
We have forgotten the incident in the metor area where Khasi youths were shot dead and which caused terrible trouble.
The Meghalaya government has already paid T.30 crore to NEEPCO and will pay another T.20 crore in three months.
On the one hand, the claim that the backlog of development projects is due to corruption is well founded, but to say that it is 100 percent due to corruption is unfair. This is acceptable because most of the time even the people are involved in corruption where they don't think of themselves as corrupt but they are quick to point out the government leaders and officers.
Malvern Lyngkhoi scored two goals for the team in the 23rd and 28th minutes.
The Committee has already directed the two Commissions to submit reports on the allegation of stinginess on the part of the police department in connection with the killing of two children on the night of the 31st of January.
It is up to him whether he chooses fire or water, life and goodness or death and destruction.
Sohiong: The election of more than 34,000 voters for the post of MLA candidate from Sohiong constituency to the Legislative Assembly ended today, starting at 7 pm. morning until 4 pm.
The opening speech was delivered by Bah Charli Mawlieh from Nongstoiñ, who explained to many churches how to be visionary people for the rights that are necessary for us as voters in our own constituency.
Programs like the Chandrayaan Mission have brought about changes in the implementation methods in the struggle to empower the youth and enable them to work properly, the Prime Minister added. The Fit India Movement and Khelo India will help to encourage the youth and prevent them from becoming addicted to these misleading beverages.
Bancyful Mynsong scored 2/3 and Dolina Marten scored 2/16 for 56 runs while Kermina Challam scored 19 runs for AJCA.
This road has been left untouched since it was completed.
“God is not a man that he should lie” Numbers 23:1
“We have arrested eight persons involved in causing riots in Ichamati near Shella,” said Defense Minister Lahkmen Rymbui.
Even the Dorbar Shnongs who worked hard in the past year, seem to be no longer involved or the Government has no longer taken advantage of their valuable service in this second year? What would happen if this was the case? In fact, the covid19 pandemic is more serious now than before.
However, we see that for those who come from abroad, the quarantine does not fall into the hands of the government, but it has been a pity and it has been a lot of trouble. They have to provide school buildings, dorbar halls and then they have to provide guards in these buildings and then food and drink and many other necessities. kind of good way.
In the letter, the union urged the Minister not to take personal action to stop the mining.
The union has demanded the immediate implementation of the SSA and RTE 2009 and the transfer of all teaching posts in primary and upper primary schools from the SSA-SEMAM to the SSA-SEMAM. the Education Department, to increase the Periodic Enhancement of the salaries of SSA teachers and to appoint as permanent employees SSA teachers in the state.
He said that the Vice Chancellor had promised to the KSU in June this year that he would fight as hard as possible to fill the vacant posts in Group-A by announcing the advertisement immediately.
Meghalaya will play their first match against Pondic Herry at Vadodara on 19th March.
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said in a tweet that there are 892 cases in Assam, including 598 from Kamrup Metro District. 184 inmates of Guwahati Central Jail.
During a battle in heaven he was defeated and thrown down to earth.
The allegations of rape and power of film stars, journalists and even politicians continue today and this time, Pooja Misra, one of the contestants of Bigg Boss has alleged that Shatrughan Sinha and her husband raped her and Salman Khan and his brothers Sohail and Arbaaz Khan have raped her. hotel in Delhi, during the shooting of the film Sultan.
He also hopes that this place will become one of the most famous places in the world in the days and years to come.
Lano was glad in her heart that Bah Deng had promised to stay overnight.
Religious groups or religious schools need Pan Card, Registration, etc. Otherwise, they cannot receive any benefits from the government.
Where is the Sahitya Academy? Tang kha is not yet good.
Bony said that the footpath was completed about two years ago.
The Government cannot just listen and assume that this issue will end like this.
It has been seen that the road has been implemented all around Mawsynram Village and the desire of the residents of Mawsynram Village to get a good road, but until now it has been witnessed that it has been implemented slowly all around. This road has caused a lot of trouble and suffering to the residents of the village on many necessary issues and even if it is necessary to drive through this road it is impossible.
“This amount is T.20,000 per name and my name appears up to three times on the list.
There are 84 recoveries and 2 deaths today.
“The government will try to improve the Government Employees Act and government employees should ensure that their ACR is complete and submitted on time,” he said.
He said that these incidents from time to time remind the KSU of the past like in the 70s, 80s and 90s when foreigners attacked the Khasi with intention. which caused the Khasi to flee Shillong.
Speaking to Mawphor, Prestone said, “In fact, before the High Court issued the order, the government had already issued the order for about two months. A consultant has been appointed and the site has been inspected and it is suitable for the construction of the new bridge and it is shorter than the old bridge”.
On the other hand, the President of the UDP Mawlai Circle, Homer Kharkongor, said that he cannot fail to mention the works that PT Sawkmie has done for many people in Mawlai, as well as for Umrynjah.
About 17 people were arrested in the burning of the residence of RK Ranjan Singh, 12 from Imphal East District and five from Imphal West District of Manipur.
AFC 'C' License Coach, Ryum Khonglah, who is also the General Secretary of the JFA, said the purpose of the trail is to select children to train them in football within the country. The Academy from an early age to establish and shape their football games.
Stephen the priest.
The boys of Dulong and Mookyrdup have won the Under-17 Independence Day Cup Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Their special covering of their vehicles with sun films also suggests that they are involved in the works of darkness.
The audience for the public meeting will be limited to the villagers, including these five people who came with the candidate.
Therefore, the group invites the people who need to come to the parking lot and those who want to sit in these commercial vehicles which are also only 5 seats.
Do the young children of farmers who have worked in the urban areas in various jobs have the opportunity to send money every month to their parents with checks or M.O.s? It is doubtful that this will happen because many parents still have to send money to them instead of to their children.
At present, the political parties in the MDA Government have not talked about the issue of Dohmasi through their election campaigns, but the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Eugene said that according to the documents, the Tyrsad PHC which the people have been waiting for for years has been successful until the former Mawphlang MLA himself struggled to drive it to Delhi. The administrative approval for the year 2021 is only nine days before his death and not only that but also the road from Mawphlang to Mawsynram is the issue that his father said first because he believes that He said that the road is the source of development and he did this by inviting the two MLAs, the MLA from Mawsynram and Ranikor constituencies to sign the proposal.
On the other hand, he said that the DSC has not been able to release the results even though it has been about 2 years since the examination was held. state.
N Chandrababu Naidu, Chief Minister and President of the TDP, has expressed his strong opposition to the non-functioning of these EVMs and has written a letter to the Chief Election Commissioner, demanding re-polling. in 150 polling stations.
The independent MDC from Mawhati constituency said that if he sees that the EC is working well for the people, he is ready to join and he doesn't work for anything. “I don't need a seat, I'll join,” he said. “Although the opposition wants to cooperate, the current EC doesn't want to cooperate. For example, the EC has not done anything yet and has not fulfilled its promise to meet the Prime Minister. CEM from time to time but all of them ended up in talks, he said that the purpose of meeting MR is not for the border but for peace and order.
When we have a responsibility for our nation, let us sing in unity.
The state government has handed over an inquiry to the retired judge, T Vaiphei into the shooting death of the former HNLC leader on 13th July
Latiplang said this is the first time to distribute such an award and he will continue to do so in the years to come.
In the third division, Golf Link SC beat Kharang 2-0
“Dr. Kyntiewlang said that the hospital OPD and all the offices of the hospital are still open, and the public has been screened, tested and advised to stay away as much as possible. you have ordered the government.
The Minister also expressed his hope that the Garo people who have settled in other parts of the country and even abroad should come and take part in this special festival of the Garo people. The Hundred Drums Wangala Festival Committee will take action on this issue.
She also urged the vehicle owners to cooperate with the union to resolve this issue.
“We strongly suspect that the Bangladeshis are getting help from the Khasi because how can they know when and where to attack or loot the villagers in the area,” said the BSF spokesman. If the Bangladeshis don't get the help of the villagers, they won't dare to come by dozens of people to the Khasi villages to attack the people or the BSF troops. It has strengthened its troops and has also conducted round-the-clock patrolling especially in Dawki, Bakur areas in West Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills.
New Delhi: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today said that the Government of India has no intention of implementing the National Register of Citizenship (NRC) across the country.
Earlier, the president of KJDSTA, Babu Kular Khongjirem, while speaking as the chief guest, expressed his regret that the salary of the fourth installment has not been released yet.
We have the richest Chief Minister of the State, but the employees working in shops like sales girls and sales boys earn only between ₹2000 and ₹4000 per month. .
It is now up to the government, the PHE department and the health department to take the necessary measures to prevent the spread of many diseases.
However, out of this T.1.80 crore, the Director of Housing, KongRM Kurbah has released only T.1,27,61,509 for the salary of the employees of the State Housing Board for only 11 months and the money is still outstanding. 52,03,849 to the Housing Department.
Speaking on the occasion, Sosthenes said that as a leader of the people, he has stood for the people of many churches and is against this proposal to sell land.
In the early years, there were prominent figures of Khasi literature such as Prof Radhon Sing Lyngdoh who became the first Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Prof HW Sten, Prof IM Simon. , Prof Bajubon Kharlukhi who was a Member of Parliament of India, Prof Beavan L Swer (who is not a member of Parliament) and later many others like Bah R Tokin Rymbai, Prof. Barister Pakem, Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. Hamlet B Ngapkynta, Dr Helen Giri and others. and political science such as Prof George Gilbert Swell, Prof Peter G Marbaniang, Prof Martin Narayan Majaw and many other political leaders; but it was not done and the work has been suspended to this day.
Baby food worth Tk 140 million was also distributed.
According to the central government report, Meghalaya has not been able to spend up to T.400 crore, why doesn't it have the money when it can't implement what it has received,” he asked.
:As part of the efforts to improve the services in Government Hospitals, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government has decided to review the performance of all Government Hospitals including This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Kynsai has learned that the written test will be held on the first month of June.
Shortly after, he said, “I may have made a mistake and I apologize”.
Besides these reasons, the Western Synod also said that the implementation of the UCC will lead to the abolition of the Autonomous District Councils created under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and have seen him.
The Khasi, when they saw this, were impressed and said that they should build houses like the Garo ships.
According to government officials, at the time of the incident, there were about 62 people in the school (students and civilians).
When investigating the rainwater level on the roads, it was found that the main reason is the lack of drainage systems especially during the rainy season, and the spread of garbage especially plastic on the roads. a well that has blocked the water from passing through.
“The party in Garo Hills has agreed with the party's decision to support Conrad Sangma,” he said.
Water shortage is the main cause of drought.
In a statement issued today, the SNSBH said that on this special day, the world together with the world celebrates Women's Day and honors them as a precious gift from God to us. son of man.
Issues to be addressed in the AD Rules include the existing but no longer existing tax collection systems such as tax on the movement of elephants, natural resources such as oil and hoe-tax or tax in relation to houses besides the retention of the name of Sub Divisions like Nongstoin, Mairang, Mawkyrwat and others even though these areas have now become Districts.
Kings and Leaders are also part of helping and serving us while we are alive in this world but they are only temporary.
The cleanliness drive was conducted in collaboration with the Jowai Municipal Board, Jowai Officers Club and committees of various markets.
This incident has caused condemnation from many churches that there is no mutual respect between religious groups and freedom of worship.
Many of the people from the youth, men and women, the elderly and women in various ranks did not count or care about the day and night, did not care about the loss. They don't have enough time and energy to spend and think only about the candidate and their party.
He also alleged that the government has not done anything regarding coal for more than six months.
Shillong: The Upper Shillong area today experienced another heavy traffic jam which started at 8 pm and continued till 11 pm, at the time of writing of this news. .
Laitkor SC and PFR Football Academy have continued their third victory in the Women's Football League 2023 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
The MDC said that the KHADC needs to bring about development works in these areas and to have an understanding with the Karbi Anglong District Council.
Nongstoiñ, July 30: The Kyrshai Area Unit (FKJGP) has demanded that the MDA government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should upgrade the Kyrshai Sub-Health Center to Public. Health Center (PHC).
Referring to other constituencies, except Nongkrem, Mylliem and Pynursla, he said that Grace Mary Kharpuri is the MDC of Nongshken and there has been a difference between the MLA and MDC in those constituencies. Similarly, in Mylliem, Teilinia Thangkhiew is the MDc and in Mylliem too, there is a change in the MLA and MDC.
Before the meeting, a 10 minute silence was observed in memory of the deceased leaders of the Seng, including the Vice President Barrister Litting and the General Secretary. Amos Khonglah who was still in office at the time of his death.
In another development, he said that he is now in his constituency to visit various villages to provide assistance with soping tins due to the damage to many houses in the cold weather in the past two days.
However, if the government wants, it can take action to improve the construction of the roads and in any way we can avoid the destruction,” he said.
They are awaiting a report on how the suspect escaped from the scene, he said.
When we look closely at the Kashari order, it is clear that the powers of the Durbars and R/Ss, which they used to work all the time, have been completely violated.
When the mind is confused, the brain does not go smoothly to provide education because it is full of worries about how to feed and feed the children.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) candidate from Mairang constituency, Bah Shanlang Warjri, said that the main reason why the state does not have visionary leaders in the state is because the voters do not understand how to to elect leaders.
On our part, we believe that whether Christian, Hindu or anyone else is the same spirit of man and on the lack of cooperation of the people who violated this curfew, she said, where is the spirit of Christianity, we it is the people and we are sorry about this,” she added.
Nongstoiñ: Two mothers and children have lost their lives in a tragic incident when a local taxi (Alto 800) (ML-06 9786) collided with another vehicle. she suddenly turned around and went to hit them from behind while they were walking on the road.
There will be CYP in all Ayush facilities such as training centres, hospitals and other facilities.
“We support the government on many issues and the UDP does not support the government when there is a deal in illegal activities. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything in the state,” he said.
Therefore, we need to have time to discuss and discuss to bring confidence in the minds of the people of the state,” he said while talking to media on Thursday.
Myntri Rangbah Duh's vision should be to improve the quality of effective and efficient health services.
There is a deep connection between books and people.
Sunil Sunar, who works for M/S Suman Transport, took advantage of the incident and stole the mobile phones.
The trees have been destroyed and withered.
Young people, especially rich children, feel very relaxed because they can't gather friends in cars and set up mobile sitting rooms, play music all along the road and drink beer. , young lyngkar and so on.
The issues discussed in 2016 were that the world as a whole has not yet provided enough funds for the needs of these poor people.
The most important thing is the close relationship between parents and children, and when there is this spiritual relationship between parents and children.
“We on the part of the government don't believe in such people because in fact he should have expressed himself in another way,” said Prestone. The TMC's statement that if he had written to him as the National Vice President of the NPP, it would have been different.
Lyngkhoi and others.
The committee was set up after the Kashari High Court ordered the government not to investigate the CBI. The candidates who were dismissed after passing the teacher examination have appealed to the Supreme Court. when special leave petition (SPL).
The villagers had to leave their villages to work in other villages.
Also present on the occasion were District Sports Officer Saljagring M. Marak and others.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today announced that the jhur markets at 5mer and 7mer will be wholesale and retail markets. then to Urgal and Shiliang.
Earlier, James K Sangma said it is surprising that it has taken nearly four years for the government to submit the report in the Legislative Assembly. He said, isn't it an attempt by the government to delay not to bring it into the House?
The fruit that the tree produces is no longer sweet, because it is sick and dead.
No one can know in advance when happiness or sorrow will strike at any time, hour, minute, or moment.
The purpose of the SNSBH's visit to the area is to provide clarification on these issues, in order to satisfy the wishes of many churches who want to get clarification from the synjuk regarding the These issues and especially to explain to the people who have been in darkness due to the disappearance of the VAB for almost 10 years.
Rudra Singh Rathore scored 22 runs while Jarett M Wanniang scored 13 runs.
In the petition, which the HYC has sent to the DMHO, it said that the HYC has given one month to the DMHO to dismiss the doctor and demanded the appointment of another doctor. who can take care of his own responsibilities and that it will also be of benefit to the people living in the area.
According to the Election Department, up to eight candidates will contest from Umsning, Jirang and Mawhati constituencies, while six candidates will contest from Nongpoh and five from Umroi.
The sin of pride began with Satan Lucifer, and this sin of pride entered the world to destroy that pride in man.
Bah Kharmawphlang told the village headmen that the reason for the collapse of the water pipes is that the pipes are too old and their age has reached more than 30 years.
There are many graduates of various courses and education is not only about passing but also about liberating the youth.
At the same time, they urged the supporters of Sniawbhalang Dhar to give their full support by winning the election. and I hope that in the next three years, many changes will come in the Constituency.
NEHu said that through the NEP 2020, it will implement the Four-Year Undergraduate Program (FYUP) and will also accept new admissions of students by receiving the Certificate of Diploma and Degree at the end of the year. to First, Second and Third year.
But how often do they fight? Israel won the battle.
“Earlier, on July 14, Senthil Balaji was arrested by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) on charges of involvement in corruption. He was appointed Minister in charge of Transport in the AIADMK government led by the late J Jayalalithaa.
In the timber factories, it was reported that the work of the mystery workers was very slow, because they could not cut wood without electricity. jam because it doesn't work without welding.
The total cost of the incident has reached billions of rupees.
When asked about the government's decision not to allow the opening of places of worship, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said the reason is to prevent the spread of the corona virus in the state. .
In these years, we remember that there were about 524 licensed shops in Iewduh and now we don't know whether they have increased or decreased after such raids. licenses that are more than that.
“The reason for the concern is that all the TMC supporters in Garo Hills, support the Congress candidate (Saleng A Sangma), because they have been misled, in their opinion, even a little. so many religious church leaders are also misled during elections, but I hope the scripture will not be misled".
Shillong, June 17: All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee will visit Meghalaya on 3rd and 4th June to strengthen the party for the 2023 MLA elections.
There is a request to the people not to bring their bags, bags if they need to go to the market.
The explosion is so intense that it damaged the rooms of the building, located in the top floor.
The pre-quarterfinals will start on the 5th of July between Rision Football Club and Shillong Lajong Football Club Reserves.
Pune and Mumbai have experienced heavy rains since yesterday, with the rainfall requirement for July 2019 being estimated to be sufficient for only two days of rainfall. said the Indian Meteorological Department.
The Village Authority of Namdong B led by the Assistant Waheh Shnong Namdong B, Chanbor War and several members of the village went to the Assistant Executive Engineer, Khliehtyrshi to seek clarification on the sudden increase in electricity bill in the village. Namdong B including BPL and DLT households. The Village Authority has informed that the residents of Namdong B Village have been facing difficulties in paying their electricity bill and have asked for advice from the Assistant Executive Engineer Khliehtyrshi Sub. Station.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lambokstar Marngar said, “The signing of the MOU by the two governments on the demarcation of the border, we have been able to attend two meetings called and this is to show that the government has been determined to resolve the border issue, after 50 years”.
He said that compared to the 2018 elections, the turnout has decreased by 1.99%.
Gopal Marak has been working at 4 Basti in Barsora for three months while Piliban Sangma has been working for two years.
“The meeting has decided to set up a High Level Committee headed by the Second Prime Minister and it will be completed as soon as possible,” he said. express one voice to restore peace and order in the city.
In this match, no one was able to score.
“Shen I will hold another meeting to discuss other activities that can be carried out in this training program of SAI and in collaboration with the authorities in charge of the university. NEHU, we will be able to make this training institution one of the centers of excellence in the country,” said Kiren Rijiju.
Laskar said that since the Modi government came to power, many lands of the minorities have been auctioned.
Ma Sajay Laloo, resident of Panaliar village, donated 2000 tree seedlings to be planted in the area.
On the 11th the session will start at 9:30 AM and in this session there will be a talk by Sister Linda Dkhar on the theme “JESUS ​​EVER YOUNG” and at 1.00 pm there will be a walk. Rally in Umkiang village with the slogan “SAVE THE EARTH SAVE LIFE” and a speech on this topic by Father George Shinning Lyngkhoi followed by a Singing Competition among the youth of 18 Parishes. of the Diocese of Jowai.
The Association strongly condemns the hasty action of the Principals of Colleges in changing their position on the implementation of the NEP and has criticized the Meghalaya College Principals' Council for changing its position. they stand.
The market will be held every Saturday, which started last month, said a statement from the Chairman of the Joint Committee of Market Dwellers and Traders, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang.
On the allegation that the AITC is a Bengal party, he said this is just a statement by people who want to create confusion among the people in the state.
One of the main objectives of Aspire Meghalaya is to help develop the talents of the youth of the state.
Bah Metbah expressed his satisfaction with the achievement of this goal as a College as a whole.
Bah Beningstar Kharpor said that with the emergence of many organizations that help the disabled in the state, they have had the opportunity to play chess in many aspects of society. society.
When we turn around we see with our own eyes that the love of knowledge is beginning to disappear, the violence against girls or even the elderly is rampant these days.
He said that he also wants to encourage especially the students of the schools run by the Salesians of Don Bosco to have the goal in life to become children of God and citizens. The Missionaries of the Salesians of Don Bosco came to this state with the aim of improving the spiritual life and also in terms of welfare and well-being. the development of the people in the state, he added.
In connection with the news today that I am involved in the robbery of trucks and shooting on the 5th of this month, this is just a rumor and unfounded accusation against me and is without any evidence. That night, I was at home because I was waiting for my friends who came to my house.
When asked, the Minister said that the issue of CUET will also be resolved immediately once the merger of colleges and state universities is completed.
This is the first time in the electricity industry that the country has been recognized by the International Energy Agency.
Therefore, it questioned how even after mentioning in the report dated 19th November, no signs have been seen to repair these parking lots, the Bench said.
Nangai Sutnga said that many people are wrong about the title.
It is also surprising that if the entrance fee is two thousand rupees, there are still those who enter alone.
All these have been included in the Bill and this will ensure that the Standard Procedure will be streamlined so that the tourists who use the Rope Way will enjoy safety and security, while the residents of the state will have to use other types of rope way,” said Sangma.
After the arrival of the Symbud Khnong Blai, the children of Niamtre came down to dance at this sacred hand.
He said that when it comes to the customs and traditions of the Khasi people, it is very necessary for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHAC) to pass laws to strengthen the customs and traditions of the Khasi people. share to the children that if they are daughters or sons they shall have the same share.
It is at this time that the residents are willing to ask their leader why he has not been able to do this or that or why he has not been able to fulfill the promises he made in the last elections.
Shillong: U Medilin Khongmawloh (36) on Tuesday lost her life when she was burnt to death by her husband Bestarwell Nongkhlaw (38).
The FKJGP said that they will not rest on this issue and if there is any secret or wrongdoing, they will not hesitate to take action and punish according to the rules.
He visited these places to ensure that the implementation of schemes such as the construction of a playground and Children Greenery Park at Dhobitala, Jhalupara, the construction of toilets and garbage dumps and so on. or Children Greenery Park in Paltan Bazar.
The other four candidates are Marian Maring of the BJP (Nongpoh), Bah Roswel Shadap of the PDF (Mawhati), Dr Ricky J Syngkonna of the VPP (Umsning) and Forcaster Nongrang as an independent candidate (Jirang).
He was not proud or arrogant in word or deed, but he was wise, intelligent, and intelligent, like a forty-two-year-old tree.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has said that the preparations have been completed and all that remains is for the Labor Department,” said Robertjune.
Initially, during the heavy rainfall, the ISBT in Mawiong was flooded with water inside the rooms. in addition.
These mothers were taken to SIRD in Nongsder and CTI in Byrnihat, Ribhoi District while they are waiting for the results of the PCR test to know whether they have Covid-1 -19.
Therefore, KHNAM requests the public, from parents, mothers and youth of the country, men and women to attend this meeting where the leaders of the party and other experts will come to discuss. Shillong, November 12: Three traders have been abducted by GNLA while they were on their way to the market. which is six months in Tebronre, which is by Tigris.
Ratacherra Lumtrom SC and Lumshnong YWSC A have reached the final of the Narpuh District Football Tournament after winning the semifinal match against Donaskur FC and Shymplong SC at Umkiang on Saturday. Tuesday.
According to a petition sent by SMSU President Chongtam Thangamba Meetei to the Deputy Commissioner, he complained that some groups have misused the name, shap and banner of SMSU to hold the Singju Stall in Laitumkhrah. starting from 10 am to 4 pm.
The union reminded the DC regarding the peace talks meeting held on March 23, 2023 between the two districts which included the Bordor Magistrate, Village Leaders and Sengbhalang Leaders as well.
Returning to the demand to make Tura a rainy season city, we would like to leave the wisdom of the MDA 2.0 government to take the best and right decision.
Israel has warned that it will launch a war against Palestine after its warplanes bombed parts of Gaza.
Police, when they saw the increasing danger of the clashes, had to fire into the air to disperse the crowd.
The increase in our numbers shows that they have confidence in our ability to lead.
The teachers of this school expressed their regret that if the Government opens the schools on the 30th June, 2020 as announced in the newspapers, the teachers said that they cannot hold school on that date. The state government has not announced that the school has been destroyed.
“It has been found that the documents of the nine foreigners selected are very incomplete and inconsistent in terms of truth,” said the statement.
The Minister said that in fact the state has received a lot of rainfall but the surprising thing is that the water cannot enter the ground but flows into the countryside.
“We have visited the Umsohlang River to see the condition of the river in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs to ensure that the river will survive and become clean and that living things will be able to survive. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the Chief Minister.
The following is the annual registration fee: The AJCA has prepared forms to submit to teams who wish to participate at the fee of 50/- each. They shall meet the requirements in accordance with the rules of the MCA.
At the last minute, the MFA informed us to include two Under-21 players.” “Although we won against Langsning, we played with a weakness because we couldn't score if we lost. “The Under-21 players are strong,” said Mawlai coach.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: The General Secretary of the KHNAM Shella Constituency has strongly condemned the UDP MDC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, for betraying his people just to secure his EM seat in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). KHNAM J Nongneng and Working President C Shymbin said that Teinwell Dkhar MDC Shella Constituency has turned away from his people just to hold on to his EM seat in KHADC. That Bah Teinwell since he became an MDC for less than 40 years has never said anything about the illegal entry of foreigners and foreign authorities into the state.
In this regard, the Sadar Police Station has summoned the FKJGP leader on Tuesday to investigate the incident after summoning all the leaders of the FKJGP.
Explaining on Bah Ronnie's statement that there are politicians who are powerless, the party has to say, “Isn't it Bah Ronnie who has said that he will resign if MUDA crosses the border to Millions? However, until now, he has not been able to solve this problem and he has not been able to step down.
She died when she was only 25 years old.
I urge the people of the country to join hands.
The Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that he fully supports the use of the National eVidhan Application (NeVA) to record the debates in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. The Leader of the Opposition received training on the use of NeVA from the IT Cell of the Legislative Assembly Secretariat on 5th June at the Conference Hall in the Administrative Block of Meghalaya. The meeting was held at Khyndailad, Shillong.
However, the BJP is running the government from Delhi in Meghalaya.
The bridge also connects many villages on the border with Assam, such as Khatkasla, Psiar, Moolber, and other villages in the Block-1 Area.
Shillong, June 10: The GSU has decided to change the implementation of the Roster System since
The KSU Laban Circle has alleged that some people have been able to stay there even though the case is still pending in court and these people have also received their Electoral Voter ID card (EPIC) which is surprising and questions how they got it. EPIC and who doesn't have permission.
“Does the government want us to eat jhur im, when it has increased the price of gas,” she said.
“The government has allocated T.5 crore for the implementation of this program with the aim of providing employment to 2800 unemployed youth across the state,” said Ampareen Lyngdon, Minister of Labour. the state.
It is impossible to clearly believe or not to believe or to force to believe, but it is up to the individuals themselves who benefit from the counting, judging, sacrifice of these things. .
The longkñi who have followed the kharlieh religion are no longer allowed to perform the rituals at home in the kur, the office bearers in the village, town, raij and hima who have followed the kharlieh religion are no longer allowed to perform the rituals in the village, town, raij. a kingdom.
Those who have found the body can call 9089354005/
“Students from various departments have not been able to attend classes in some subjects due to the lack of teachers even though the semester has started for two months,” said Rymbai.
In 2010-11, the purchase price was only T.20,12,500 lakh but in 2011-12, it increased sharply to T.7, 12,66,250 crore.
The scheme has been introduced under AMRUT 2.0 by the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs, Government of India.
Woe to us as a nation if we rely on the robbers because even what we already have will be plundered and destroyed by foreign powers.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) on Tuesday promised to take action within its powers to investigate into the death of Walinda Binong on the 27th of this month. He graduated from Mody University, Rajasthan.
In Mastung, the blast occurred near the Madina Mosque on Al Falah Road in Mastung district, where people were gathering to celebrate Eid Miladun Nabi.
Speaking in Shillong, the Joint Secretary said, “We have no intention of withdrawing the Assam Rifle but the ITBP will be withdrawn from Shillong soon,” Garge said after meeting with the Defense Minister. Roshan Warjri, the head of the state today.
Joplin Shylla President Mahila Congress said that many of these workers have dropped out of school for their children as it has affected their income.
Jaintia Hills has only 61.64 percent literacy rate, while 39 percent are illiterate.
“However, the problem here is that this ethanol contains water and if it is mixed with the water from the petrol station and the water from the vehicles, it can cause a problem. well"he added.
As soon as the second son received his inheritance, he left home and went to a distant place to spend it in eating and drinking and all kinds of immorality.
These laws stipulate that the trading activities without a Trading License by foreigners should be carefully considered whether they are activities that the indigenous people cannot do.
East Khasi Hills has 86 cases and Ribhoi has 54 cases.
Shillong: The Thadlaskein Sports Association (TSA) has elected its new office bearers for the 2019 term at its meeting held on the 19th of this month at the High Wind Hotel Thadlaskein. -2023.
Nongstoin, October 1: The FKJGP Mawthadraishan Circle has urged the leader of the area, and especially the state government to take action to clear the road from Nongshillong to Lum Mawthadraishan.
When the public walks on the footpath, even during the rainy season, if there are many vehicles that pass by, they are covered with water.
Speeches were also delivered by the elders and Bah Carnes Sohshang who explained to the public the basis and many of the issues discussed. thir on how to shape the proper way for this Khaddar governance within the district, the state and in India as a whole.
Apart from West Bengal and Manipur, the income of 32 states and small states declined significantly in 2021, during the curfew imposed by the Indian government.
“It was after the Court ruled and the office of the Syiem of Mylliem recognized me as the owner that I went to the HNYF for help,” said Rani.
The race will start at 6:30 pm from JN Stadium (Gate 1), Polo Ground, Shillong to Polo Bazar. Don Bosco Square –Laitumkhrah Police Point – Laitumkhrah Police Beat House – Fire Brigade – St.Edmund's School – Dhankheti – Malki Point – Barik Point – Civil Hospital –State Central Library – Meghalaya Secretariat – DC Office –Governor House –sha Wards Lake – CM Bungalow – Polo Tower – Polo Bazar and will end at JN Stadium.
MF Mawlieh's visit to Lockdown
Pynshngain also announced that the District Council will erect and write a tablet to say that the land where the District Council office in Nongstoin has been erected and built. , Maieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh and also the land in Langumshing West Khasi Hills District, which he has donated to the District Council where the District Council will also write the sign. board in this place in a position that I sit well and sit well.
On July 30, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath addressed the Banjara Kumbh 2023 in Jamner Jalgaon district, Mumbai. donlang three.
The notifications of the Ong shall apply unless paragraph 5 (3) of the Ong shall apply.
Speaking to media, Samla David Mawlong said that the party is deeply concerned about the growth of foreigners across the country without proof of where they come from and what they do. When they work in any place, they don't have the necessary documents to prove that they are working.
The meeting also discussed to expedite the certification of prisoners from India and Bangladesh so that they can get their release as soon as possible.
Friends of the actor, while talking about receiving the Mark Twain Prize, expressed their gratitude for him and praised the films he has taken part in.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong congratulates and wishes Welkin Stone Shadap continued success in all fields.
However, it was left without proper protection.
However, the Assam government has accelerated the construction of the illegally built office of its forest department at Mukroh by building the office buildings and building the road to Samatan.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Officials of the Territorial Division Shillong have seized 6 MT of illegally burnt rnga from Laitdom West Khasi Hills on Saturday.
“I'm telling the truth because the townspeople spend a lot of time...” Bahnah said again. “We are not like that Bahnah, if you find time, come out... We'll be happy if you come...” La Riia stood up and called her mother and father to come and talk to her friends.
Our thoughts are the battlefield.
Dr.P Shylla, Head of Jowai Blood Bank, congratulated and praised all those who came to donate blood at Jowai Blood Bank to support this blood bank to provide services to the people in need.
Other sources said that the man said that he had planned to go to Mawlai Nongkwar, and he wanted to take a short cut, but he reached Jaiaw Batemon. he wanted to enter a house that was empty, because the owners of the house had gone to marry.
“Besides the ADCs, the regional committees will bring together various groups, from the Chiefs, Hima, Doloi to discuss this issue which has been pending for 50 years,” he added.
Therefore, the union expects these players to play well so that they can bring glory to the state as a whole.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has suspended the Cherry Blossom Festival, which is ongoing in these days, said Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today.
He said that the last EC has opened many District Council Courts across the districts like Nongpoh, Mawkyrwat and Nongstoin to strengthen the powers of the District Council in the field of justice. food.
Speaking to Mawphor after casting his vote, Prestone said that the victory this time was certain for him and he will win by thousands of candidates. ban come two.
On the other hand, Bah KA Kharbudon, General Secretary of the Alumni Association of Seng Khasi College, said that a meeting will be held on the 15th of this month at Seng Khasi College at 12 noon. All alumni or graduates of Seng Khasi College are invited to attend the Mini Fete and other activities of the Association on the 15th. “There is nothing wrong with that,” said a statement sent by Commander Shangpliang.
Also present at the ceremony was Lorenzo Pearson Warjri, Founding Member & Honorary President, MSKA.
Although this is a small action by the President, it has encouraged the people not only of this state but of this region as a whole. its spirit of nationalism and compassion.
Shillong, Nailur 15 : Students of Christ Church Morning School, Mawlai will play against Madan S&CC against Lamlynti SC at 3:15 pm. Syllaikariah have beaten Umrynjah in the IX Inter School Knock Out Football Tournament 2023 organized by the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo (FKJGP) at Mawlai Circle. Presbyterian Secondary School, Umrynjah beat 2-0 goals in the final which was played on Thursday.
Sheen Stevenson Sohktung scored the second goal for Ryntih SC in the second half through Dawanchwa Carlos Challam.
This is the second time that as a party, we have given to the State,” said Dr Mukul while speaking at the meeting.
Shillong: BJP leaders led by President Ernest Mawrie have left for Delhi to meet the National President, JP Nadda and others, Health Minister AL Hek today said. Union Home Minister Amit Shah.
Knerktilang scored the first goal from the box after Malki captain Khrawkupar Tamu tried to clear the ball with his head but Knerktilang managed to save it with his foot.
Nongpoh: U Bijay Kumar Rai, a foreigner, has died after his bike (TR 01 J 9823) which was coming from Guwahati to Shillong overturned. This evening on the NH-6 at a turning place at Jyntru village in Ri Bhoi.
He said that this is only a streamlining of the operation and there is no change in the price but only the time of payment.
Shillong: The CoRP Umden Circle today found that the North East Space Application Center (NESAC) at Umiam, Ri Bhoi District, has hired foreign contractors without a trading licence. .
We can say that these are just reasons to blame, but the passage of time and technology is inevitable and not the main cause of violence against women.
According to a source from the district police, the robbers, after detonating a bomb at the scene, also destroyed the windshield of a truck parked at the scene. this truck.
In the second innings, Laitjem CC beat Thynroit SCC by 65 runs. Laitjem, which failed to tied first, scored 153 runs for the loss of six wickets in 20 overs.
According to BJP Meghalaya President Shibun, Amit Shah will arrive between the 15th of next month.
The incident happened at 12:30 pm on Tuesday while the soldiers were on their way to Nilwagre BOP from Domdomma BOP to complete their office work.
The question also arose as to why the police have covered the faces of these four foreigners who have been arrested.
In the final match of the day, Shillong Commerce College Shillong beat BBS College Shillong 5-0
Shillong, June 29: A team of the Excise Enforcement Branch Office of the Commissioner of Excise, Shillong today conducted another raid to curb illegal drug trafficking. This is surprising in some parts of Shillong where the trade is very busy.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has not hesitated but has been working hard to arrange for the evacuation of the people living in Them Iewmawlong.
“My family is my life,” wrote Armaan Malik.
To approve the NOM, Lamphang said that one fifth of the members of the House and 12 opposition members stood up to support the NOM. After this, the Lamphang announced that the NOM submitted by the members of the opposition has been accepted.
“We have not yet taken a final decision to announce the candidate for the MP election as we are still waiting for the reply from other parties to support the candidate proposed by the party,” said the newspaper. UDP on Monday.
With the passage of time, the number of tourist attractions has increased and even the tourist attractions which have never been known before, have been discovered by the residents and shown to the world the beauty of those places especially if the roads can be improved for the convenience of tourists.
Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District is one of the areas where many factories have come to operate in the area and is also known as the Meghalaya Export Promotion Industrial Park. Meghalaya Cast and Alloy Private Limited (MCA) has been affected by the floods in the Byrnihat area.
In the hearing, Meghalaya said that many of the borders and villages in the Kamrup Assam area have been under the Khasi Hima since ancient times.
The final will be played at the SSA Stadium at First Ground, Polo on the 17th.
The club would like to congratulate Coach Gerard Nus for his hard work and dedication during his tenure at the club and wish him all the best for his future as his coach.
Adding to this, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that Saket Gokhale is a magician and not a politician. to the state of Meghalaya.
The Lok Sabha election for the 18th term of the Lok Sabha will be held in seven phases. 19 June 2024.
The meeting was also to arrange the programs for the 27th or the residence of the Governor who intends to stay overnight in the state.
The bombs were hidden and will explode in the morning.
Although China has continued its strong journey in the tournament by winning gold medals in both the Games for the second day, it is also the country that still holds the title. the first place of the tournament, especially when it comes to the medal table until the end of the fourth day of the tournament; that with 5 gold, 1 silver and 2 bronze medals.
“Therefore, I thought that the NPP is the only party in the state that can help the people of the state in peace, development and for a better future,” he said. he added.
He said the meeting was also to revive the UDP in Jaintia Hills especially in West Jaintia Hills so that the party can win all the elections including the MP elections. He said other parties have been able to lead the state into Delhi but the UDP has never reached its goal even though it has nominated candidates for every MP election.
There are also candidates and parties who are willing to turn to religious leaders to order their groups to join the 'lajong'
Muslims are wiser, more intelligent and more understanding than Christians.
“The most important thing is that when we plan to stand on our own feet, we should not hesitate to come forward.
“There is a lot of encouragement among the youth under the leadership of Mukul Sangma, who has encouraged many youth in the last MDC elections; Vincent Pala, the new president, has suddenly elected others whom he agrees with and this is what many members do not agree with,” said Rupa Marak, former president of the MPYC West Garo Hills. hills.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah LT Tariang, MSC, ADC, South West Khasi Hills District. This football tournament is indeed a tournament which all the people of this area love and enjoy to witness.
The budget session of the State Legislative Assembly will be held from 13th to 26th October
She said that the organization has also planted these medicinal trees as part of the efforts to ensure that those who have knowledge can use medicinal plants and at the same time to preserve the environment.
After investigation, the HNYF Northern Region has handed over the suspect to the Nongpoh Police Station for further investigation. The suspect, who illegally distributed these gas cylinders, according to the provisions of the law.
This road has been constructed by M/S Tonor Engineering Sunshine Sawkmie Pvt since 2020, but this road has started to deteriorate and there has been a delay in the construction of this road.
He said the number of childlessness in the country has increased and it is necessary to address this with modern treatment methods.
Sanbor said that we don't support illegal activities but when people come into our homes and attack our people, we should stand up and fight against them. long in the border areas too.
These six brothers went to school in a village which had only class VII. Ksan, Bhalang and one sister went to ME school.
What makes leaders, politicians, civil society organizations so excited and reluctant to clap their hands or point fingers at the delay in the electricity department and the load shedding? They also suggested that if James is removed from the post of Minister of Electricity and Kembhavi from the post of CMD of MeECL, it will bring an answer and that these problems in the department will disappear.
Kiren Rijiju has already made it clear that Arunachal Pradesh will not accept foreigners from neighboring countries.
Real Madrid have reportedly tried to sign Kylian Mbappe, but have failed to agree a social contract for the French star.
The ANTF of East Jaintia Hills together with the Traffic Police of Khliehriat have seized 2000 Yaba Tablets weighing 191.88 grams from Khliehriat and arrested two persons. involved.
When contacted by the Rangbah Shnong of Umrandairy, Bah LM Bina, he said that the village has tried to express its sympathy on the incident, but the family who suffered the incident, However, they heard that another group from the same church, had banned the burial of the child and because of this ban, the discussion reached the police station in Umsning.
If you don't allow them to enter the village, it will be disgraced.
In the Nguh ka Dem Kñia of the Khasi, there is always a thanksgiving to God for the Longrynïeng Manrynïeng, for creating the Longbriew Manbriew.
Ma HL Giri, President Nongtalang College, said that the college was established in 1988 by the elders and Dorbar Shnong of Nongtalang under the leadership of (L) JD Pohrmen, former Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya and (L) Chuidu Lyngdoh. Former Village Headman of Nongtalang.
There are 20 Matriculation graduates while 8 illiterate students.
After meeting with the District Mission Co-ordinator (DMC) Mumubai Lakiang in charge of SSA schools in West Jaintia Hills, the union had a lot of ideas on the development of SSA schools in West Jaintia Hills. The union also urged all SSA schools to take responsibility for the training especially for the teachers who have a major role to play in the future of the students.
On the other hand, he said that although Meghalaya is a rich state in terms of resources, most of the residents are poor and perhaps in the future, the state will be known as it is the poorest state and ruled only by the rich.
Furthermore, all the residents of the district are urged to wash their hands thoroughly with soap and water and to be clean to break the chain of spread of COVID-1 Parents/heads of offices/Rangbah Shnongs/NGOs within the district should take action to contribute to the health and safety of all.
In this match, Shadap did not allow the opponent's rangïakura, in which he continued to hold strongly until the referee was forced to stop the match after Khan was injured.
All Bonded Warehouses/IMFLs are requested to close on that day.
Shillong, June 15: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HANM) has urged the state government to call for peace talks after the HNLC banned peace and stability in the state.
I can say more, but I don't want to promote myself,” said Pawar.
In Meghalaya, the people welcome the rule of lies, thanksgiving, sarong, kyreit, slander, and the people no longer care what happens when they count kings and worship God ('Lei san nem) and he that overcometh shall be king.
Two elderly people have lost their lives after being electrocuted in Kpepsyiem village, Ri-Bhoi District.
An Extra Assistant Commissioner has been sent to investigate the incident.
Supporting farmers through FOCUS has provided significant assistance to farmers to improve their agriculture.
Speaking at an election campaign rally in Mawkyrwat, Shangpliang said most of the VPP leaders are professors at NEHU and various colleges.
Many of the trees that support the life of humans and animals, have the ability to grow up to 150 years, 100 years and 50 years at least. to survive and grow when the trees that protect the environment remain.
Abid Khan took 2 wickets in 4 overs while Asif took 3 wickets in 4 overs and won the Player of the Match award.
Tura: East Garo Hills Police have arrested a money thief from Delhi for stealing T.73 lakh from a woman from Songsak.
In such a situation, the whole world is experiencing a great deal of suffering and sorrow.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 09: Seven shops have been destroyed by a fire in the early hours of Tuesday morning. of these shops.
This happened at Mihmyntdu village on Tuesday.
“The Election Department has set a target by directing all the Election Commissioners in the districts to ensure that there should be no violence and violence so that the people can take part in the elections. clean and transparent elections and peace and stability.
Shillong: Lawei Smit SC beat Mawkriah West 6-0 in Group A of the Shillong Women's League on Saturday. Umpling SC won 1-0
But many of the givers, because of their excessive goodness, the receivers or the receivers go astray behind them without counting and thinking how much the giver has listened and listened because he understands. that he too is low income.
Speaking to media after the inspection, Bah Ransom Sutnga said that the stadium was handed over by the government to the committee in 1969 when Prof GG Swell was Chairman. .
S.Mannar from Narwan came second and Bah Iakhut Dkhar from Cham Cham came third.
There is no longer that feeling of happiness from any parad or paieid, pamen or thma of father, son or grandson and so on.
The DC Ri Bhoi has issued this request after some of those who went to participate in the Post Staff Nurse, have tested positive for COVID-1 .
The rivers turned into rivers and large stones fell on the roads.
Israel has announced that it has expelled its workers from Turkey after President Recep Tayyip Erdogan spoke out against Israel, saying that Israel has not it is a country of murderers and terrorists and that Hamas is not a terrorist organization.
If we talk about religion, customs and worship, customs and traditions, nationality and identity, it is only the Congress that gives freedom without discrimination”.
The HYC Mawlyndep Circle led by Bah Hercules Suting, General Secretary of the HYC Ri Bhoi District and members of the HYC Mawlyndep Circle. , they strongly condemned and ond that he worked only after, without thinking for the benefit of the people of many villages, which are in the area.
Speaking at the meeting, KSU Leader Bah KS Suchiang said that the government should immediately withdraw the BSF from Sonpyrdi before anything bad happens as they are a threat to the people.
The marathon will be divided into four categories, Under-16 for men, Under-16 for men, Above 16 for men and Above 16 for women.
Nongpoh, July 18: Police in Ri-Bhoi District today night arrested a Ganja and drug trafficker after receiving a tip from the Director General of Police Meghalaya, on the presence of a Ganja and drug trafficker. A man who used to sell drugs to youths from Meghalaya and Assam in Byrnihat area.
However, due to the lack of respect and the daily dumping of garbage, the dumping of wastewater from the shops into the river, the struggle to dive into the river in the construction of houses.
The fourth quarter final of the Independence Day Under-17 will be played between Demthring and Evergreen Mukhla at 3.30 pm.
“On the part of the party and other political parties, we have fought as much as we can to prevent the mynder and foreigners from earning in the west because through earning they get to the west to make them happy and increase their salaries. "I'm sorry," said Mr. Donald.
Mebakynsai Pale scored two goals in the first leg of the match at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Friday to lead the team to three points.
We would also like to thank the various government departments across the State who have worked tirelessly to meet our needs even in the shortest times.
These robbers warned and promised not to report to the police,” said the employees.
Therefore, the RBSU leader urged the government and especially the PWD department to look into the excessive deterioration of the road, because at such a time, the people, besides the The roads are bad and the people have been forced to walk on the roads.
While they were explaining (because they were not stupid), the crowd was shocked.
There are 38 PHH ration cards and 8 NFSA cards. According to the Sordar Shnong, Secretary Shnong and PDS dealer, the ration is distributed regularly every month. ration.
The NIA team will leave for San Francisco for three days after 17th November with the permission of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Chief Minister's Wedding Assistance Scheme (CMWAS) will soon be implemented by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma. family equality.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Albinus said that 16 houses have been destroyed by the storm in Mynri Lummadan, which falls under Umroi Constituency today.
The GNLA said that the police have been opening fire since Saturday night and also today where many people have been afraid even to go to their places of worship. police have disrupted the public service, the statement said.
Those who wish to lodge any complaint may contact these Observers at Room No.151, Office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai from 11:00 AM to 12 noon. noon.
Nongpoh: Police of Byrnihat Police Outpost, today at 9:30 pm, have recovered 37 Gangja song from a sanium area near the NH-6 17mer Village, Ri Bhoi District.
As soon as these people entered the grounds, the KHADC police rushed to lock the main gate to enter the office of KHADC, to be careful not to let these people enter the room. employees and MDCs, but it was seen that these people did not want to turn inside, but gathered inside the ground.
Perhaps in the next two years, from 2022, the number of people infected with the virus may increase.
“Before the 30th, on the 27th of June, this woman was shot dead by her husband on the road, before she went to work. They have already informed the police,” she added.
New Delhi: The AAP today raised the theme of 'Bijli Andolan' in Haryana at a program held in Panchkula where Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal. Delhi, has strongly criticized the BJP for the shortage of electricity in many states and said that the supply of electricity and uninterrupted electricity is only when there is a pure heart.
In the first match between Khimusniang and Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu, Khimusniang beat Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu 4-1
At the same time, he denied that the RTI is only to cover the ground during the elections, saying that many of those who appeared in the RTI on the misuse of MLA schemes have brought trouble to many MLAs. last elections, they lost.
The Welsh Mission ME School was maintained by the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod (KJPS). In 1947, the school was upgraded to a Secondary School. The name of the school has been changed to 'From Welsh Mission ME School to Mawkhar Christian High School'
The Christmas stories tell us that Jesus was born in poverty and poverty and it is for this reason that in these days there are acts of mercy for the poor and needy.
When U Nongsaiñ Hima visited Sohiong today, 29th October, 2023 to consult with the public.
He said that this is like allowing foreigners to work as they please in the Hima Jirang.
In the 2022-23 Budget, the government has announced that 208 Primary and Secondary Schools have been constructed at a cost of Rs 109 crore and the target is to complete these construction by November 2022.
There has been a lot of anger and concern on the part of the filmmakers and producers of the city after the reply to an RTI request for information which revealed that the government has spent up to T.2 crore as a filmmaker. assistance in the production and shooting of this Bollywood film.
This happened in 1933 after the Syiem of Nongstoin, Sib Singh Syiem, gave permission to them to enter the Hima and settle in the shrah land, Lawse and all its remaining shrah areas. .
The Governor has sent the VAB to the MHA on 30th July, 2015 while the Government has sought clarification from the District Council on July,
Shillong: Four youngsters who cannot see the world because of the darkness in their eyes have said that the music and music has changed their lives. they have a good feeling in their soul.
Other restrictions will remain in place as well as activities exempted from the curfew to curb the spread of COVID-1
Jowai, July 03: A household from Sohmynting village, West Jaintia Hills, who owns a rice field near a dam, has been constructed to supply water to Jowai city through the Jowai Greater Water Supply project. Scheme' which was built through the PHE department. The owner of the farm, Kong Phrai Pyrtuh, in a speech to this reporter, expressed the problems they have faced as a family since the last scheme. den of this dam um.
All three Meghalaya batsmen played well and scored many runs, guest player Nakul Verma tied for 49 runs, Raj Biswa for 24 runs, Swarajeet for 27 runs and Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva scored 23 runs and Tanmay Mishra 37 runs.
Your bag is located near the petrol pump Challam Syngkon.
“T.22 crore in West Jaintia Hills District alone to promote water sports in Iooksi T.10.87 crore, T.7.34 crore for Chyrmang Sanctuary to protect living things and make it one of the the world's largest city"
It cannot be said that its candidates in many constituencies are strong enough to fight against the candidates who oppose them.
Chennai, the epicenter of Tamil Nadu, has reported nine new cases today, bringing the total number of cases in Chennai alone to Coimbatore has 128 cases and Tirupur has 108 cases.
For more information, teachers are requested to visit their nearest centres.
There are also those who have been appointed as Nongaibuit syndon of the Chief Minister.
However, when he reached Ladmeri, the tax collectors demanded that he pay 400 tyngka and refused to talk even after he explained that he had paid at the gate at Markasa.
Lajong opened the scoring in the second half through Allen Lyngdoh who shot the ball after Parvaj was thrown into the area and the referee awarded the ball.
We’re the owners of the business, and the owners don’t get led.
Some say that religion should not be mixed with politics.
“It is a service to the people. I will work hard for this election too,” she said.
Secondly, wickedness will increase and righteous people will become discouraged, afraid and terrified and will begin to worry and doubt their faith.
The Kur Leader said that the Kur Dorbar is surprised and deeply saddened by the inability of the police to confirm whether the arrested person is involved in the incident. task.
Babu Sevendar Dkhar spent only 20 days writing these poems during the lockdown.
The entire House also expressed its condolences to all the families of the deceased leaders by standing and silent for two minutes as a sign of respect and sympathy.
Of the flowering plants, some plants have a male flower on one tree or plant, and a female flower on another tree or plant.
Revelation 6:7-8,6:12-17, which are among the seven seals during that time of trouble on earth.
The Waheh Shnongs shall not issue N.O.C klumar for trading within the boundary of the Village without the approval of the District Council Office and shall assist the staff of the Office to inform if any Those who commit Benami in their villages and to comply with this directive issued by the District Council in accordance with the Waheh Shnong Act,
The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by the Rangbah Shnong and the residents.
Shillong, July 16: Heavy rainfall in the past four days has caused severe landslides and tree felling across the state.
The purpose of this mock drill is to prepare to help themselves and also to be ready to help others.
“According to the rules, those who apply for a Birth Certificate after 10 months of birth have to submit a Court Order.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, has handed over to the Magistrate to conduct an inquiry into the complaint of GSU Byrnihat Region leaders, who have lodged a complaint with the DC, through a letter against Manoj Sharma. Manager of Orient Health Food Private Limited, Rajabangan, Byrnihat, on charges that the manager has been accused of harassing women and also of employing children.
We also urge the women of the state to come forward and support our women candidates,” said Bobbeeta.
Furthermore, it was learned that the village most affected by the storm is Myllat village where many houses have been destroyed by the storm. and there were also houses that were destroyed.
He urged the people of the state to follow the example of other states where the people have come forward to demand their rights from the government.
The other four were identified as Sahalam Laskar of Cachar, Assam, Ahiya Ahmed Choudhury of Cachar, Assam, Bapan Ahmed Choudhury of Cachar, Assam, Jamaluddin Ahmed Choudhury of Cachar, Assam and Wanbiang Suting of East Jaintia Hills. District.
However, if they agree, it would be better to nominate only one and support each other by working hard to win.
It is a long journey for all our households,” he said.
As of Thursday, 25 people have died in the floods and 143 people are still missing.
Furthermore, the Meghalaya Government has also released a number for the residents who need assistance, who can call 1800-345-3 don't hesitate to call if you need help in any way.
After hearing the sound of the trumpet, they set fire to the tyngshop which burnt down with a loud noise.
Severe affection of the kidneys is more common among people who are healthy and sleep apnea is more common in such people.
JOWAI: The Waheh Shnong of Nongtalang Mission, Ma HB Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the village wants to become a Digital Village.
The KHADC in the past years has been involved in the drafting of national security laws to protect the Hynniewtrep people.
The day was also enriched by songs, the launching of 100 balloons and the unveiling of a memorial stone.
They said that they have already composed this song U Tirot Singh a long time ago in 2020 and before this song, it was one, while this song is now the second and they will have the opportunity to release it. to you.
" The friend to Sur.
West Jaintia Hills District has won the title of winner of the Chief Minister's Inter School Athletic Meet 2023, organized by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, SAI, STC, NEHU. The team has won 23 medals including 14 gold, 6 silver and 3 bronze medals.
The public is requested to cooperate with the village authorities for the benefit of all and anyone who violates will be punished according to the rules and regulations of the village.
Santa Mary Shylla in her speech congratulated all those who came forward and encouraged them to continue in their good deeds.
Fourth, fear, anxiety and doubt will have a profound effect on people's lives and will weaken their love for God and for their fellow human beings.
On the issue of allocation of seats, as reported in the media, Sanbor Shullai said that he is not the allocator, but he will obey the decision of the leaders in Delhi, after it is completed. He said that the problems of the people in the constituency are at the forefront.
In the end, they have to take Sumos or taxis and this affects the money of their parents.
In another incident, a voter, Edmund Lyngdoh, was arrested for allegedly going to vote in a drunken manner and threatening the presiding officer at 5th Mile Polling Station. said DIG Eastern Range Bah A Sunn.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jason Sawkmie Mawlong expressed his satisfaction with the development works in the area especially the opening of the parking lot which is a small but a great benefit to the people in the area. The area is especially on market days where the people from all over the country can rest while waiting for vehicles to hide from the rain.
Prestone said it is necessary to calculate that according to the order of the Supreme Court, it has said that the allocation should be less than 50 percent and as it is now, it is before the Roster System which has to be discussed. The Reservation Policy which was thought and developed by the former leaders if done wrong will be a disaster for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people.
The entrance fee for men is T.5000/- and the entrance fee for women is T.3000/-.
We have to accept another one.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Dr. Rani said that the announcement by NEHU through the Officer on Special Duty, Debasish Chowdhury on 12th November is false because The Academic Council of the University has not decided on this.
Earlier, in 2018, she was rejected from the tournament.
The Minister said that there are students who have not been able to register for CUET, and the government will write that those who have been able to sit for CUET should be able to enter classes at NEHU. give another chance to fight.
Of the 382 deaths in India, 232 have died in Mumbai, Pune, Indore and Delhi, followed by Ahmedabad with 13 deaths, Hyderabad with have reached 25 in the city.
Announcing this, KSU Vice President Frederick Khawmawphlang said that the KSU has decided to extend the curfew from 24 hours to 12 hours on the 20th to allow those who have marriage. .
The department plans to set up a NICU for infants and an ICU for mothers once the new building is completed in November
“We don’t want discrimination against teachers.
However, as soon as the ambulance arrived to take her, she died.
It is worth mentioning here that the Clan Bill aims to prevent the Khasi from following the jait kpa or taking the jait of the father or even in the spelling of the jait.
At the request of the Government, the Coal Ministry has set up an Expert Group headed by the Central Mine Planning and Design Institute Limited to prepare the rules for coal mining in the state. to regulations relating to health and safety.
The walk to teach about traditional foods at Mulum village, West Jaintia Hills District was a success in which 39 foods and herbal medicines were found.
But Lydia didn't give up either.
The message is that in another 40 days God will destroy it.
However, there is a lack of encouragement and guidance for those who need our right hand.
If you are fortunate enough to receive a share from your parents without your own hard work, your share will be in vain.
Ebiang Langstang won the first round of his flyweight title against Aryan Trevidi of Gujarat by a rear naked choke (RNC). ) which made Aryan decide to lose.
Sangma said that at the 69th Plenary Session of the North Eastern Council (NEC) which was attended by the Minister of Home Affairs on 23rd and 24th July, The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, has written a letter to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, to request him to meet with the Shah. the need to implement the ILP in the State.
“The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla has promised to fill the vacant posts of teachers and staff within 10 years,” said Bah Auspicious Lyngdoh Mawphlang.
Earlier, after receiving the proposal from the GNLA, the government had sent a proposal to the central government for talks with the GNLA.
Shillong: The BJP MDCs from JHADC on Tuesday said that the statement by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma that there is a division within the BJP party in Meghalaya is wrong. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has forgotten that he is the National President of the National People's Party (NPP) and has come to talk about the party's affairs. The BJP Meghalaya has said that the party has been in the midst of a split and half of the party members have wanted to remove Bah Arnest Mawrie as president of the BJP Meghalaya.
“We want to see the tragedy they are suffering, we will be with them in their times of suffering and death, we will fight as much as we can to bring justice for those who have lost their lives in this tragedy. “It happened yesterday,” said Conrad.
Member of the Rajya Sabha from Meghalaya, Dr. Wanwei Roy Kharlukhi has allocated T.10 lakh from his MP scheme for the construction of a tourist attraction at Rit Lwai in Nongjrong village under Mawkynrew constituency.
If he is rich, they will say that he is rich even if he is uneducated and does not know the society.
“I will also pay special attention to the cancer treatment centres, as cancer is the most common disease in the state, I will try to reduce the number of cancer treatment centres. “It's a good idea to improve the quality of cancer care in the state”.
It has been designed to avoid environmental pollution and to avoid logging.
The team left Shillong yesterday with all 11 members.
FKJGP President W. Rani said that they will give the Meghalaya government only until November 19 to convene the special session. The four parties shall set a date for the convening of the Special Session.
Rajiv Kumar Shukla, Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Ramnagar, said the incident happened on Saturday.
Jowai, Naitung, 19: The Deputy Commissioner of Supply, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has announced that it has warned all wholesalers/retailers not to sell beverages at excessive prices. in their shops from Khaw, Shini, Dai, Jhur and other items.
Due to the NGT ban on coal mining, it has also affected the state government's revenue which has led it to cut or reduce the budget of up to 25 percent of all government departments.
At the same time, you can download the Voter Helpline App.
He said that the CEM should explain to those villages who are involved in the armed robbery if he cannot explain that he is a terrorist leader. Assam has raised a big question mark to the CEM, why the forest of the Forest Department of the District Council at Khanduli which has been auctioned in recent years for logging, has been allowed to cut down trees. In Assam, the District Council does not have the necessary documents.
Ade If you help those who are in need, you will be buried.
Only 12 out of 20 Crorepattis are politicians.
Until now, many people in Shillong have been forced to buy water.
The match started from Malki Forest to Lum Shillong and returned to the same venue.
“The Central Government is still preparing to amend the Sixth Schedule and intends to introduce amendments to the Sixth Schedule and appoint a special committee to consult with the people. “It's a good idea to have a committee,” said Bah Sutnga at a public meeting convened by the Jaintia Amalgamated Redressal Forum (JARF) at the Football Ground, Tuber Sohshrieh, East Jaintia Hills District today.
In East Khasi Hills, 85 cases including 10 cases from Armed Forces and 75 cases from civilians, 17 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 12 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 10 cases in South Garo Hills. There are 8 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in South West Garo Hills.
For more information, please call 7005264971/ 7005109856/
Payeng also planted a tree in memory of Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam who fell at the site of IIM before his death.
The meeting was conducted by Hynniewki Pasleiñ and welcome speech was delivered by E.Suting Program Coordinator in the presence of Dr. AP Syiem, Principal of Thomas Jones Synod College, Dr. .D.G.Lyngdoh, Principal of North Liberty Higher Secondary School Richard B.Uriah.
The Minister said that the central government is strengthening the cooperatives in the state by working in various fields through the NCDC, which will open up new employment opportunities in the state.
However, the authorities have not been able to provide a detailed explanation regarding the incident.
The protest was attended by the Rangbah Shnongs of Narpuh Elaka and many others.
The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the allocation of funds for the construction of the Rural Eco Tourism Circuit at 12 places in Garo Hills through the North Eastern Council (NEC) is T. 14.39 crore and questioned the allegation that there is a deficit of up to T.1300 crore in connection with these projects.
Before the annexation, the Governor of Assam issued an order to hand over to the Mikir Hills Autonomous Council the Block I and Block II issued on 13th June the whole of the Khasi Hills.
According to sources, the BSF troops allegedly tied and bombed the Khasi who were passing by in the area.
Shillong, Lber 17: This was announced by the Minister of Revenue, Zenith M Sangma today in the House on a question by Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
In terms of expenditure, the NPP has shown that out of T.7.562 crore in 2022-23, it has spent ` 6.932 crore or 91.67%.
Police have registered all the suspects under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
Meanwhile, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma welcomed the decision of the Central Government to allocate 33 per cent quota for women in Parliament as well as in the Legislative Assemblies of the state.
This was announced in a statement by the GNC through its Leader and MDC Nikman C Marak.
They prayed for peace, freedom from natural disasters and for the development of the District in all aspects.
Shillong, March 26 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has set up a Delimitation Committee to consider the request of many villages to be included in another constituency which is closer and more convenient. and he went and came.
The MPYC leaders also announced that they will resign from the party in protest against the leaders for not listening to their demands.
Rymbai also suggested to the school to have an Eco Club and register with the Forest Department so that the school can get assistance in achieving the goals of the school in the celebration of Earth Day and also will help students further understand the importance of taking care of the environment and finding ways to improve it.
Therefore, he urged these two men to look after the people of the jaitbynriew and not to allow the fire to spread. He said that these two men do not need to leave their homes but to If they do not change their minds within the 7th, they will wait at the gate of the Governor's House on the 7th of October. swear.
Joshua was Sohan's personal bodyguard earlier before he joined Sengbat's inner circle.
There is no difference in helping such families, because they recognize and understand the problems that have come into their lives, but most of these people at such times are more likely to see or hear. for in the midst of the great tribulation that is about to come upon them, they do not know where to look for that help, but in the end they decide in their own hearts that it is what it is to wait for the change of the world. for.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, MDC of Nongjri area, Bah Morning Mawsor, said that as an MDC, after seeing and finding out about the problems faced by the people of Nongjri area, he has tried to meet with them. The Executive Engineer of PWD Nongstoin Division has been invited to discuss the matter, but the EE has directed the MDC to discuss the matter with the PMGSY authorities. However, the EE PWD said that regarding the PWD parts, which have been damaged, the Engineer will The EE said that the PWD department will send an estimate of the 5 km of the road and also to do the work. hume pipes and drains.
However, because they understood that it was not necessary to punish the robbers, they were pleased.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the families of the victims of the tragic shooting incident by the Assam Police on He stopped his vehicle when he saw the leaders of the Bhalang expressing their strong opposition to this incident.
Battlegrounds Mobile India, a game based on PUBG Mobile, has launched on Android mobile devices from 2nd November,
Shillong: Trinamool Congress leader Mamata Banerjee today met the families of four victims of shooting death in Mukroh.
The JAC also demands that the Inquiry Officer has already sent to the Executive Committee the Inquiry Report on the investigation against Bashemphang Thabah as demanded by the JAC. Please provide a copy of this Inquiry Report to the JAC so that the JAC can receive information for further consideration.
Shillong: U Mukesh Kumar, today, was fined T.22,000 by the State Police for driving a vehicle without a proper curfew pass. pass, does not have a permit and a certificate of the Pollution Control Board.
When asked how many non-Khasi residents there are, the village leaders said that as of now, as the census is ongoing, they cannot provide the right information. exactly but they said that at least 500 people live within the boundary of the village.
More than 2 kilos of heroin worth T.10 crore was seized from them.
Despite the internet outage, Piulish R Marak, District Community Process Coordinator of NHM, Tura, said that many ASHAs have started this work through the APP and now they have understood how much the work is done through the APP. benefit them.
The Director of Health Services, Dr A War today said that there has been no mistake in the counting of BSF personnel who have tested positive for covid-19 in the state. only false positive cases.
Speaking to reporters, Ardent Basaiawmoit, CEM of KHADC and Vice President of the HSPDP, said that the reason for the dissolution of the party in these three districts is because the organization wants to attract others who want to join the organization so that it can become even stronger within its operations.
Just cleaning once or twice a year doesn’t make sense.
The state has been quick to adopt measures and was one of the first in the country to implement protective measures from October 2020.
Chuba Ao said that the BJP, which is the coalition party in the government, expects the Prime Minister to inform the Congress party about the MDA government. on this part but he has ignored it.
However, we as the people at this time forget that the posts of government officers, these gazetted posts have been reserved by politicians by bribing or NEPOTISM to our own people. get these posts.
The Minister said that the recently launched tourist vehicles should carry tourists and this will reduce the number of foreign vehicles from Assam to earn money in the state.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said this after BJP Meghalaya President Rikman G Momin alleged that Tura MP Agatha K Sangma has not done anything in the implementation of the MP. Scheme in Garo Hills.
He said the purpose of the meeting is to take all the suggestions to rebuild Meghalaya.
Shwa ban bamja prayed to the Father.
Besides illegal operation without permits and lack of number plates, there are other vehicles driving with iit iong which is banned under the order of the Supreme Court of India. .
Congratulating the Syiem of Hima Khyrim, Dr Balajiedsing Syiem, Ministers, Bakhraw Batri and the children of the Hima, he said, “I send my best wishes that this Shad Pomblang will bring success. Therefore, there is peace and harmony in the State as a whole”.
“Therefore, when the opportunity is open and the door is open, the Union together with 13 NGOs from all over the Bri U Hynniewtrep including KSU, FKJGP, JYF, GSU, SOMALA, AYWO, HNYF , Bah Erwin K.Syiem Sutnga, Bah John Kharshiing and others, have joined hands under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Indigenous Tribal Constitutional Rights Movement (MITCRM) to call for a complete resolution of the issue. The Sixth Schedule is the source of protection for the benefit of future generations,” said RL Blah, General Secretary of the party.
On the other hand, he said that the department has taken steps to ensure that the salaries of the teachers will be paid every three months from now on.
There are 17 Diploma candidates from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 543 unemployed candidates as of 31st November
Shillong, Nailar 9: In a statement, the Publicity Secretary of the HANMC Central Body, Rakesh Marak, on Tuesday said that many Khasi have now converted to Muslims. The Northern Bhoi District includes Jirang and Patharkhmah.
“I cannot imagine how ruthless the Assam Police are, in which they dare to destroy the building which was built for the purpose of turning it into a place of education for the children, even if it is still a school. “But to do such an act, it should be condemned by all the residents not only in the state but in the country as a whole,” said Bah Hercules Suting.
The sports that have been completed include Karate, Badminton, Swimming, Gymnastics and Golf.
The names approved are retired judge of Madhya Pradesh High Court Justice Moolchand Garg as chairman of the expert committee and other members are retired judge of Allahabad High Court, Dr Satish Chandra. Other members are Prof DV Kumar, Department of Sociology, NEHU, Shillong (expert member in sociology), Prof.Chander Shekhar, Department of Fertility and Social Demography, IIPS, Mumbai (expert member in population studies), and Prof.Subhadip Mukherjee, Assistant Professor, Economics and Public Policy, IIM Shillong (expert member in economics).
In another writing, Nongtraw said that whenever there is any incident, the police arrest people who are falsely accused of being members of the HNLC. On the other hand, the CM and the police have admitted that the HNLC has only 10 members.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Damang Synkon, District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, congratulated the Referees, the Referees Committee and all the office bearers. the reason for the victory in the football tournaments organized by the office.
Shillong Lajong FC will play against Gokulam Kerala FC on Sunday (19th November, 2023) at 2 pm at the SSA Stadium, Shillong.
In the second half, Mawdulop FC struggled to score but couldn't score.
“I have decided that once I have gone to training I will not back down and I have set a goal to become a player of India and I have promised my parents that one day I will become a player of India. I've been able to wear the India jersey and it's been a success,” said Halen.
Babu Thyrniang said that the teachers have withdrawn the call for a month-long school closure from 18th to 22nd October 2019, from the promise of the Minister of Education, Ma Lakmen Rymbui on Friday. 14th, 2019 in the House.
India has the fourth highest number of cases in the world, followed by the US, Brazil, Russia and the UK. India has the highest number of deaths and recoveries among the 12 countries with the highest number of recoveries.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The North Eastern Hills University Students Union (NEHUSU) today expressed its strong opposition to the proposal of the NEHU authorities to abolish the three special sections for the students. Speaking to Mawphor, NEHUSU Advisor Samla Comingstar Kharsyntiew said that the NEHU authorities have been trying to misinterpret the Rules and Ordinances of NEHU. NEHU plans to abolish three special quotas including 10% for residents of the state, 10% for students who have passed from colleges affiliated to NEHU and 5-7%. for students who come from the rural areas of the state where there is a shortage of educated students.
At present, it is not clear how the ship caught fire in the incident.
It is understood that KHNAM leaders Adelbert and Pyndap Saibon will campaign at about 6 or 7 public meetings in Nongstoin Constituency for Fenella L Nonglait.
He said that the government is concerned about the delay in announcing the results of the selected students.
The World Malaria Day was celebrated by the District Malaria Officer, Science Hall, Nongpoh on the 25th of this month under the theme “Time to Deliver Zero Malaria: Invest, Innovate, Implement”. EAC, Dr P Kharnarry, DM&HO of Ri-Bhoi, Dr E Kalwing District Malaria Officer, ASHAs, school children and other officers. government.
At the meeting, they decided that after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District as well as the NHAI officials, if they continue to listen, the team from Narpuh will show its work. All the people who pass through this national highway have seen and witnessed the condition of the road and also face difficulties in walking especially when they are sick.
It is to be recalled that on the 2nd of November last year, Bah Gabriel Kyingrai, Commandant SF-10 Battalions, was arrested from his residence after a He has been arrested on charges of misusing the funds allocated for the construction of the NERS at Sardar Police Station, Shillong.
Meanwhile, Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that after the MDC elections, they will hold a meeting and take a decision.
We have to see whether the people want change or whether they want continuity.
The CSWO discovered this after visiting the government testing center at Pasteur in Lawmali Shillong.
Shillong: There have been 513 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 307 recoveries and 14 deaths.
Shillong: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Umtyrnga, Ri-Bhoi district, has demanded that the state government, the district administration, the Hima Mylliem and the Raid Marwet should come together to inspect the project. to sell land to the BSF troops in Umtyrnga area in the presence of the residents of all the villages to clarify on this issue.
The NCR has been finally completed and sent to the Supreme Court.
Now, the master must not think only of his own right, that it will be a job and that he will benefit from it, he must also think that his servant by accepting to accomplish that work by he works too much, he must exert himself in many ways, he must use his strength, even if he is tired, he must give up anything he has planned that may benefit him physically, or spiritually, or for the benefit of his family and relatives, and so on.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circle, on Tuesday, said that about 30 foreigners have come to work in the Indian Air Force (IAF) at 7mer Upper Shillong.
He has held many positions in his government service, such as Jailor, AEC and others.
It is sad to know that the people of the area are very busy attending church services.
It was found that the land was illegally registered and out of the 12,000 acres, 7413 acres were intended to be sold to the BSF.
In the basketball category, Rangblang 'A' S&CC won the title by beating Rangblang Sohsynñiang SC by 26 – 14 baskets. The match was between Sakwang Sports Club and Jakrem Sports Club.
“India has extended its hands of friendship to the people of Myanmar who have been severely affected by Cyclone Mocha.
Shillong: The body of Yadav Rana of Saw Furlong, Shillong was found at 5:30 pm this evening.
l Water supply to Shillong through the New Shillong Water Supply Scheme which has been allocated at a cost of Rs 1,650 crore for the construction of two stages at Wah Umkhen.
In the letter, Sunn said that the Polo Ground has produced many players who have risen to the rank of national players like T Lotha, Locus Lamare, Eugenson Lyngdoh, Aiborlang Khongjee, Wailadmi Passah, Marlangki Shooting, Jackeychan Singh, Seityasen Singh.
Prestone Tynsong, MLA from Pynursla constituency, Grace Mary Kharpuri, MDC Nongshken, who has not yet announced her party. Nehru Suting, who has announced that he will contest from the UDP but has denied the news, has also denied the news that he will contest from the UDP. Prestone has strongly opposed the claims of Congress youth leaders that Mukul Sangma will be the prime ministerial candidate of the Congress party in the 2018 MLA elections.
“Teachers will start teaching again in schools as usual,” said JACATAM Chairman Bah ED Nongsiang while talking to reporters after a meeting with the CS. The government's announcement came after the teachers went on a three-day strike to leave school, which they announced to leave school for two months.
Jowai: 'Ka Iadaw Rong', which is the 'Iadur Masi' festival in many parts of Jaintia Hills, was held on Saturday at Raliang Elaka at Pamsna Stadium in Laskein West Jaintia Hills.
“The protest is not the farmers', but China and Pakistan are involved in this protest.
The KSU also expresses its regret over the suspension of excursions for the students.
The Chairperson of the Committee on Women Empowerment, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the committee has summoned the DGP, IO and OC to seek information on the incident.
Similarly, even the toilets on the ground floor of the hospital are not working properly, as the hospital authorities have closed them.
Fantin J. Lakadong has been appointed to the Taxation, Water Resource and Mines and Minerals Departments.
A knife was also recovered from the scene, which was identified as the weapon used in the murder.
It is expected that on another day, a clarification in this report will be sent," according to the judgment.
Speaking to reporters, Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), said that in the first and second meetings, we gave our opinion to the government without knowing the decision. The government has already prepared a report on this issue.
Jha said the former students of SEMC have been admitted as students of CMJ University in the academic year 2010-1
He said that he urged the government that if these four persons cannot release their shalan, who have already paid the royalty, the government should remove those names of those who have received royalty. to re-auction them so that their coal mining in Meghalaya will not be affected.
On the other hand, the Minister of Education congratulated all the students who are preparing to take the examination and hoped that they will be able to do well by concentrating on their studies and putting away their mobile phones.
These trainees have completed training in various fields including Police Science, Legal Studies and Social Science, Drill Training, Weapons Training, Physical Efficiency, Police Operations and Tactics.
This was announced by the President of the All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union (AJMDM-WU) West Jaintia Hills District today. Hills which was held at the Dorbar Hall of Tpep-Pale, Jowai.
Two candidates, Purno Agitok Sangma of the National People's Party (NPP) and Daryl William Momin of the Congress, are contesting for the Tura parliamentary constituency.
If the detention exceeds six months, the matter will fall to the Advisory Board for decision.
These include 148 East Khasi Hills, 84 West Garo Hills, Ri Bhoi 14, South West Garo Hills 25, West Khasi Hills 5, South West Khasi Hills 9, West Jaintia Hills 10, South Garo Hills 9 and Eastern West Khasi Hills and East Garo Hills
The factory also produces smoke from the waste, which is alleged to affect the health of the villagers, visitors and the children of a nearby school. the factory.
At these times, the light is inexplicable.
When the Hima came under the French, there began to be a violation of the rights and customs of the children of the thousands of the Hima, the branches, the raids and the villages.
It’s a man’s job.
“PA Sangma has spoken about the Garoland demand only once in Parliament and after that he has remained silent.
When asked about the need to hold government programs in such luxury hotels, the CM said, “The government has to hold programmes, it is the usual practice.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Principal Bah WB Rynjah, teachers of the college, teachers from the schools who came to take part in the competition and students.
The Rangbah Shnong said that he received information about the incident at 4 pm and the residents tried to extinguish the fire but could not do anything. lynguh hi pum and in a moment it stood up and burned a bright fire.
Because the people will be allowed to go to the market, those who want to hold churches, sports, cinemas and perhaps the government will close down only the schools.
On 14/07/2022, MePDCL officials came to provide electricity to this village. On this occasion, the union would like to express its gratitude to the members of the union who took part in the 02/ 07/2022 was the day of a public meeting in the village including the village leaders and the people.
At the same time, he expressed his regret after the CMD, postponed the meeting for a while before meeting with them.
At the same time, she explained why the 15th of October was chosen as the Special Day of Consumers is that on behalf of the 35th President of the United States, Kennedy, in which he stands. for the rights of the people (especially the Black People), he stands for their freedom and rights.
How can it be? In fact, we should have been humble because we said it was the house of God.
It is that those who should preach should be well prepared, those who sing should be well prepared, those who should pray should be well prepared, those who should listen should be well prepared to give place to the Word of God.
The five pillars of NEP 2020, participation, order, value, equity and accountability were discussed.
Even where he had his own ballot, he did not lose.
According to reports, US military aircraft are currently fighting to expedite the evacuation of US citizens in Sudan.
Explanation: Explanation: Explanation : Note: The method of electing MDCs by election is not enough where the one who gets the most votes wins even if he does not get the full support of the majority.
When this writer went at noon, it was seen that the river was also filled with people, because besides the water, it was very cold, because the It was a very shyiap and then, it was found that no one had gone to clean the river, perhaps, it may have been, that they had a feeling of shame to turn to the river, which had just been eaten. person last Saturday.
The cultivation of Rangbah snow.
In this section, we will first look at the meanings of the English word, starting with the letter C. The most commonly used and often heard word is CULTURE:- which means especially the way of life, the way of walking and standing. , eating and drinking, dancing and rejoicing, singing and dancing, dressing and grooming, within the framework of customs and traditions, religion and customs.
John Leslee is a former MLA and MDC from South Tura Constituency in 2013 who won as an independent candidate in 2018 and was defeated in 2018. He joined the BJP on 29 July 2022 and resigned. Dr. Pilne A Sangma is the first woman to receive the ticket to contest from the UDP. In 2018, she contested for the MLA seat from Rangsakona and also for the MDC seat for GHADC but did not win.
The National Highway-6 has been allocated T.64.12 crore for the 44 km road from Mawmaram to Mawmih, Mawlyndep. on 24th June, 2021 in the presence of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA Mairang and Bah Samlin Malngiang, MLA Sohiong at that time.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has allocated T.16 lakh for the construction of a building for the KHADC Forest Department at Law Adong on Lum Mawpat.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has continued to consult on the electronically transmitted postal ballot system (ETPBS). the places, but those who are present to fulfill their duties and their votes, are sent immediately by sign.
Regarding the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the UDP feels that it is necessary to strengthen the existing laws and regulations such as the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act.
The EJNC said that the work of Bah HS Shylla cannot be mentioned because many of the works he has done are for the benefit of the society.
Three knives were also seized from them and handed over to the police by the BSF in the presence of members of the Seng for further investigation.
The patient sustained minor injuries and was admitted to the Civil Hospital.
The Enforcement Bureau has also lodged four complaints against those who traffic in drugs such as LSD, MDMA, Zolpidem 50 mg and Tramadol.
The problems faced by the community from roads, schools, health centres, water supply to electricity often bring only suffering not only to the residents. to rural areas but also to urban areas as well.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah IAS, who is also the District Magistrate, has banned the opening of shops only within the country. at 10 o'clock in the evening.
“He that believeth on him shall not be ashamed.
It is also better to soak it in water for about a day before planting it in the field.
However, the hopes and expectations of the people have turned out to be shattered after the MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP has been in power for more than four years.
West Jaintia Police Cricket Club, which won the toss, failed to tied first and set a target of 157 runs for the loss of all 10 wickets.
“We don't forbid them to marry non-Khasis but they will lose the rights and benefits that Khasi get as Schedule Tribes,” said Teilinia.
The body of the scooty driver was identified as Killing Mikhin, 46, of Bara Killing village. The body was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem.
Half an hour later, Shanborlang scored the second goal in the 37th minute and scored a hat-trick in the 50th minute.
A cave believed to have been used by the President of Sri Lanka to escape after the people of Sri Lanka went to seize him has been found, India Today reported. President Gotabaya Rajapaksa's residence.
New Delhi: Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) leader Danish Ali, who is also a member of the Lok Sabha, on Tuesday said he will resign from his post as a member of the Lok Sabha. Speaking on the Chandrayan-3 mission in the Lok Sabha on Friday, Ramesh Bidhuri, MP from the BJP, said that if nothing has been done against him, Bidhuri had made anti-Muslim remarks against Danish Ali.
The BJP president urged the minister to assist the BJP MDCs in JHADC in Meghalaya to get development schemes from the central government for the people.
Therefore, the Shnong has decided not to participate in the MP Lok Sabha elections.
The Governor of Meghalaya, on receiving the news of the allegations, has stepped down to allow a clean investigation.
In the second leg, Lumpariat beat West Madan Mustem 2-0 goals. Mario Syndai scored the first goal for Lumpariat in the 10th minute. 70 and one goal was scored by Lovingstar Papiah in the 74th minute.
The AAY price is 35 kilos per head (no payment), PHH is 5 kilos per head (no payment).
Therefore, Bah Thongni said that the demand from the Chairman of the Regional Committee is to take action and inform the ECI and to set up a committee to investigate and find out the truth about this so that the dispute can be resolved. The border within the Langpih area cannot be crossed in the right direction.
She was tested positive for COVID-19 by a Rapid Antigen test at Supercare Hospital.
Ajay Kumar, Defense Secretary, Government of India, wrote in a tweet that the Ministry has allocated 12.45 acres of land at Rilbong for the construction of the NH .
“I have said from time to time that there are many ways and means to prevent the influx of mynder into the state and one of those laws is the ILP which has been implemented. in other states of the country.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nahar Punji 1, Dibarmin Potam, who is a Khasi, said that the village authorities have not yet received any written notice but have been informed only orally.
Doctor Short who followed him by boat.
Almost all the leaders of various parties including the UDP with 11 MLAs, the Congress and Trinamool Congress with four MLAs, the VPP with four, the PDF and HSPDP with two and two MLAs each attended the ceremony. They also attended the meeting held at the residence of UDP Leader, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in Laitumkhrah.
He said that many of these pigs have come from Punjab, which is also the state with the largest number of pigs in the state. Besides, in Assam, there are many areas where pigs have been affected by ASF and which has caused damage to pigs in the state, he added.
Shillong: U Bah Generous Warlarpih, while talking to Rupang, said, “We have been arrested by the police instead of the perpetrators. There is nothing wrong with that.
According to Bliss Lyngdoh, Ummat Village is a village that has existed since ancient times.
These courts have ordered to monitor and arrest the trucks carrying illegal coal and also to ban the illegal mining of coal but this continues as stated in the final report of Justice Katakey. to the courthouse.
Chinese spokesman Wang Wenbin last month acknowledged that the withdrawal of troops had progressed, except here and there, where some areas remained untouched.
“The price of piat depends on the sellers from Assam,” said the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Matsiewdor War.
Deuteronomy 28:1–25.
D.Kharkongor scored a hat-trick (4, 18 & 47) by scoring three goals, two goals were scored by E.Kharkongor (27 & 45) and another by and A.Kharkongor (49).
The protesters accused President Gotabaya Rajapaksa of not having electricity and basic necessities and chanted “Go home, Gota go home”. home).
Elect the TMC and we will defeat the BJP in the 2023 elections,” said Mamata Banerjee.
S.Nongtnger SP WKH said that the arrested ANLA soldier was identified as Bindas and Jhola. in the Village of Mangsang.
Pynshngaiñ said that this is not true and said that the People Democratic Forum is a forum or synrop group and cannot be a political party but a synrop group of various political parties. They include the UDP, HSPDP, BJP, NCP, UDA and one suspended member of the Congress party.
Dayoowanphi Iakai, President of AJMW&LU, said that KL Pariat has contributed to the society from the improvement of the working methods of the MPSC by appealing to the High Court of Meghalaya. improve the cleanliness of the Myntdu River and the distribution of water to households through the PHE department in Jowai, the struggle to increase the salaries of school workers (MDM Cook cum Helper) and others.
The District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District, has also reminded those passing by in small vehicles to be careful when passing through the NH-6
In a meeting with the EJNC leaders, the ADC said that those areas affected by the NHAI's construction of the road are still the areas of the PWD. Regarding the demands of the EJNC to pay compensation to the land owners who will be affected by the construction of the road, the ADC said: He said that the DC's office will hold a meeting on the 9th of this month with the company GR Infrastructure together with the National Highway Authorities of India (NHAI). ) to discuss the issue of the land owners.
Shillong, Lber 31 : The Returning Officer of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency on Saturday announced the symbols of the two independent candidates for the MP election from this constituency. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued a notice to the parties.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, said that the four persons arrested on that day cannot be confirmed whether they were involved in the destruction of the Lumjingtep.
This increase in training will be of great help to the students of Nongpoh in Ri Bhoi district.
For the financial year 2022-2023, the salary remains for the months of June, June and July,” he said.
They also requested the government to provide the necessities of PHC Umkiang such as masks, sanitizer and other basic necessities.
The death toll has risen to eight after one person from Garo Hills died last night, and 776 people have recovered from the disease.
The sellers were prosecuted.
It was also requested that if anyone carries a lot of money in any constituency during this election, they should have documents to prove their need to avoid arrest.
She also urged the families to teach their children from an early age not to allow lust in the flesh because when they grow up they will become terrible criminals.
The film KA NABON was also screened for the students and parents.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJACC) today decided to hold another meeting on Saturday to discuss the time and place of the meeting. the meeting will be made public.
Jowai, Lber 25: The President of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday said, “Until now we have not elected leaders who are true fighters, but we have elected leaders who are true fighters. They are only judges of one another's kingdom.
The planting season is in April and the harvesting season is in January and he explained how to improve their income through shyrmit farming.
The child was injured and was taken to Robert Hospital, Jaiaw.
Speaking at the 50th Anniversary of Dr Rad Hakrishna Boy's Secondary School in Shillong on Saturday, Dr Mitra said that although no exact census of the number of Bangladeshis in India has been received, However, it is estimated that the number of Bangladeshis living in India has exceeded 4 crore and this shows a lack of attention and lack of strict laws.
He said that he will continue to work with the village leaders for development works as an MDC. The village leaders expressed their happiness that even though there are only a few brothers and sisters there. However, the cooperation they received from him as an MDC encouraged them to work.
On the other hand, the Minister said that there are many proposals including the use of the authorities and also to conduct a single examination for all posts which require the same rank and the same qualification. payment methods and examination centres.
“Yes, it is like this.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), Shillong, today issued an order to ban the opening of bars and liquor outlets from 31st March
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall of Nongsleh Village and was conducted by Ardonal Marbaniang.
Bah Shullai said the teachers of AMPSTA accept this directive of the government as this is part of the training of teachers.
If they are able to convince the people, then the candidate they support has won and if they don't work well, they have lost.
On the other hand, the Vice Chairman of the JAC, Bah Pynskhem Mukhim, said that the JAC has already sent a petition to the Chief Minister since 3/5/2021 to demand the removal of this proposal. To date, the Prime Minister has not responded.
Within the political party/ngo's there are conflicts, confusion, power struggles, misunderstandings and then there is separation from one party to another and they start forming new parties.
“As the state government we want to promote tourism in all aspects with the efforts of the department to monitor the increase in the number of tourists which means that we can go in the right direction with the ability to spend in terms of tourism in the state,” said the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
This program is known as the Memorial Lecture.
But what shall we say to these things? Detailed discussions continued – on corruption, national security, terrorism and Chinese and Pakistani forces in the border areas.
The MLA election will be held on 27th February.
The Minister also informed that the state has already received many awards for its excellence in the field of health and tourism.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ms Isawanda said that the ability to hold this tournament came after two months, the sports department through the office of the District Sports Officer (DSO) The District Level Chief Minister Inter School Athletics Meet was held earlier in the day and the children who have arrived in the city are only those who have been able to showcase themselves. and those who deserve to have such an opportunity to take part in this tournament.
Hundreds of students took part in the rally, which was organized by the North Eastern Hill University Students' Union (NEHUSU).
The two organizations today expressed their gratitude to the government for the demand for B.ED which started in 1987 and now it has been achieved with the assistance of the government through the Minister of Education. these past years.
“If they are from the same district and have been in that district for more than three years in the last four years, they should be dismissed immediately because if they have served for more than three years, they should also be dismissed. raise your rank.
The NCP office, which was used by Sharad Pawar's group, was destroyed on the same day.
It took us nearly 3 hours to cover the distance from 7 miles to 4 miles.
“In the 2018 election, the people elected me with love and until now I believe that they will continue to elect me with love even though I am full of shortcomings and mistakes because I still want to “It's better to serve the people,” said Kyrmen.
He said that those who are young, when they are arrested, will be sent to a rehabilitation centre, but if they are still in prison, they will be prosecuted and sent to jail.
Shops to open in LabanWe don't know when we can buy money. We don't have money to buy. We don't know how to do anything for those of us who don't have money.
The land they want to take is 42.052 hectares and is only 500 meters from these rivers.
What moves God to invite man to reason with him? At that time Isaiah saw the condition of the people of Judah and Jerusalem during the reigns of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah.
As it turns out, only the Deputy Commissioners have the authority.
“When the country and the people talk about the ILP, it should be a law to prevent and not allow foreigners to enter the state, but the Congress has introduced the Meghalaya Residential Safety and Security Act. 2016 (MRSSA) to allow foreigners to enter the state with peace and order in the state,” he said.
Emilio said that permission has been given to manufacture and produce other parts of Young Guns and if anyone wants to write a story on these parts it is appropriate.
The second semi final of the tournament will be played on the 1st July 2023 at the Dommawlum Playground in Mairang.
He said that the medal winning by the wrestlers from the State for India is a great honor and the Government will honor them when they return.
“If the elephant (the BSP's symbol) gets on a bicycle (the SP's symbol), then the wheels will fall apart,” she said.
If people, for any reason, do not want to disclose their names, they can lodge a complaint, and they can also lodge a complaint directly with the Commission, and this opens the door for people to they will appeal to this highest body.
When asked about the market and the shops, she said that at present the market is open only when there are festivals and when there are orders because to sell to the public in the shops selling wine or kyiad is not yet available. They have not yet received their Excise Licence.
However, the court has issued an order saying that it has not ordered the government to implement the Roster System, but has accepted the order that the government should not have a roster. System in the Reservation Policy, because the Reservation in Meghalaya has not had a roster since its implementation, that is, since
The punishment is under Section 269 IPC (which provides that anyone who spreads diseases that affect the soul of a person by tort or wrongdoing, shall be imprisoned for up to 6 months and fined, or both) together with other provisions of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Speaking in the House on Tuesday, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that it is necessary to recognize the challenges faced by the people of enforce the law in cases where the safety of ordinary citizens, including women and children, comes first.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshngain said that the government's letter to the Election Commission to reveal the name of the CEM instead of the names of the MDCs, has shown that there is something behind the secret intention. individual.
Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, Rangkynsai Kharbukhi, MDC Umroi, Raja Brahman were the chief guests. , BDO of Umsning, Bah Shanlang Lyngdoh, COO of MSRLS, Rangbah Shnong, SHG leaders and members of the area and others.
“There are these cemeteries which have no fence at all and therefore the entry and exit is very free and therefore it is not easy for the police to arrest those who commit these crimes. you don't steal from the cemetery,” said a government official.
Pynkhrawkupar Kharbuli scored the second goal for Lawsohtun SC in the 51st minute.
Jowai, Nailar 03: The Quarter Final of the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was held today at Jowai Nang Stadium.
The winners received cash prizes of T3000/-, T2000/- and T1000/-. The two consolation prizes were won by Hamaniel Manar and Barister Manar who received cash prizes of T200/-. Pohing said that the Malidor River is a river that attracts rawon from all over the country to khwai and it is also a river that saves livelihood for many.
If the authorities do not listen, the party will take other strong measures.
“In fact, there was no border dispute in Jaintia Hills until the establishment of the Mikir Hills Autonomous District Council and the incorporation of Block I and II into the Mikir Hills District in .
Although Dr Mukul did not say that he was going to Delhi, it was learned that his visit was to ask for permission from Sonia Gandhi to remove some of the ministers in his government who are trying to stir up trouble.
Ma Lahkmen said that people have now begun to understand how to conserve wildlife as well as plants and have tried to protect the forests and wildlife.
“The approach of the Central Government is that the border demarcation should be discussed by the States and the Central Government will be only as a ksiang to look after and consider this agreement by consensus. " said Rai.
Owners of electrical lifts and escalators must inspect and obtain permission from the Electrical Inspector before operating them.
Shillong: The Congregation of Christian Brothers (CBC) has decided to conduct an inquiry into the allegation that the brothers of the Catholic Church have raped Mary Theresa Kurkalang. .
“I was walking in the pond and I couldn't find my root, but I heard that someone grabbed me and threw me into the water and turned my neck, but I fought hard and freed myself from the animal. "It's known as a boa," said Grylls.
The tournament will be opened today by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma as the chief guest in the presence of the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteisor Lyngdoh. The opening ceremony will be held at the First Ground of the SSA at 10 pm.
Expressing his condolences to the child, Bah Kmenlang Khonglah wished him a speedy recovery.
Speaking to media, Kong Ampareen said the department will not take a hasty decision and it cannot be explained that it cannot prevent it.
Nongstoiñ, March 24 : The HNYF Mawthawñiaw Diskiang Unit has organized a football tournament to raise funds and donations for the disabled. encouraging those who need help.
Boro, on Tuesday issued a notice to inform any individuals, individuals, groups and Rangbah Shnongs who wish to testify in connection with the bombing of four robbers. They have escaped from Jowai District Jail on 11th November, 2022. They include I Lode You Talang, Lodestar Tang, Shidorki Dkhar and Marsanki Tariang.
Phrangki Dhar scored the first goal for Lutituber Ïalong in the 41st minute.
hap with how to ha.
The ceremony was held at Iewrynghep Square, Shillong where Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister in charge of Sports & Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya was the chief guest. Vibhor Aggarwal IAS, Director I&PR Malthus S Sangma (MCS), members of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, members of the MFA and other sports associations in the state, parents of father of the players and the crowd.
Referring to the start of investment by political parties in the election, Frederick said that as the head of state, he will follow the rules and regulations of the Election Commission of India. , especially since the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct, whereby the use of funds can be controlled with the assistance of other government agencies such as the Income Tax, Police and other other.
AT is currently a hot topic at the World Forum on Disability, a program that focuses on improving the lives of people with disabilities.
In the past few months, MeECL has tried to reduce the power outage time by 5 hours from 12.07.2023 and down to 4 hours from 15.07.2023 in around.
Rani said that the same article had been published in two Khasi newspapers on 19th October (before publishing in Rupang on 20th October). “I don't trust the MCMC, I don't trust the MCMC, I don't trust the MCMC,” he said. “I don't trust the MCMC. Pro….
Rupang is following up on the incident.
Shillong: The FKJGP under the leadership of East Khasi Hills President Elton Warjri and Mawprem Circle President Reginald Thabah today visited the Mawprem Circle to collect Trading License and Labor License from the Mawprem Circle. The shops in the state are located in Jhalupara and Upper Mawprem.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr Kharlukhi, invoked the great thinker of the nation, the poet Soso Tham and said that he also said that as a nation we should not be greedy for wealth. , urged the KAS to teach the people to love their own country and to support the talented people.
According to the government's law, liquor shops near schools, colleges, churches and hospitals are not allowed within a distance of 200 meters. 100 meters from the main road.
“You will be surprised that in my constituency, there are still people who don't have access to drinking water or even electricity,” she said.
It ends up in itself alone has no inheritance.
“Our politics is different from others because it is a politics that will bring about change.
Education Secretary Wellesly Lyngkhoi said that this is the demand of the HYC in the Save Hynniewtrep Mission and urged the people to attend the meeting. The HYC also urged the members of the HYC to come out on that day to sound the bomb and to express their grief to the government.
The Government has also agreed to allocate T.1.20 crore for the construction of block offices.
“The Bangladeshi citizens illegally entered the eastern parts of Tripura on Saturday and stayed at the Indian house in Baishnabpur village under Sabroom Subdivision.
And I don't think we need to talk too much because some say PNAR, some say SYNTENG and some say JAIÑTIA.
This prophecy will be fulfilled.
The union urges and requests these contractors to complete this road as soon as possible, as at present the people who have to pass through this road are suffering a lot due to the deterioration of this road especially nearby. you for lyeur.
The EM of Trade Department of KHADC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said that the announcement by MUDA is an illegal occupation of the District Council land. The surrounding boundaries are the areas within the boundaries of the district council.
He said that if the state wants to be the first among the many states in India, what is needed is that the state should have people who work and start their own businesses.
No matter how old we are, we have not yet fallen to the limit of waiting to collect food from the garbage dumps like in Delhi.
According to the complaint filed by Pynbiang, Damut and Palmon have threatened Solomon from time to time.
Because the hypocritical Pharisees did not want the world to follow Jesus.
These include 6 cases in Dangar Syngkied, 3 cases in Ichamati, 3 cases in Jaiaw, 15 cases in Laitkor, 9 cases in Laitlyngkot, 3 cases in Madanryting, 5 cases in Marbisu, 11 cases in Mawlai, 5 cases in Nongmynt, 3 cases in Nongthymma. , 11 cases in Polo, 9 cases in Pynursla, 7 cases in Rngi Rynjah, 6 cases in Shella.
“The military cannot rule in a democracy.
“People should not give anything when someone asks for information related to their ATM or bank account,” said the SP. free from the problem.
On the 26th November, 2022, his book entitled KI DAK KA KHASI HIMA BA LA LAHNOH was launched on Mawhiang Hill at Mawkyllei which is the center of the Hima. The book was launched by Bah Alertson Nongbri, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi District as the Chief Guest and Bah Raphael Warjri, Renowned Artist of the Riti Academy as the Chief Guest.
Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers.
He said that this time has urgently demanded a new structure to improve the rule of law in the District Council and not to spoil it with small jobs. District Council, what else can we do?” said the CEM. The Symbud Kongsan in his speech said that the full Syiemship of Pa'iem Kynsai N Syiem has shown that there is a lot of unity in the Hima. at the time of the election of the King there was no opposition, and he won easily unopposed.
In 1960, the students revolted against Asomnia as the official language and formed the Eastern Frontier Hills Students Union.
The year 1978 was a memorable historical event as the beginning of the Coalition Government in the State.
According to the information received by the officer in 1972, the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills have two civil sub divisions and three community development blocks while Garo has one community development block.
“Parents and students are in the dark, because many other classes have been held but the first semester has not yet started,” said Bah Sawkmie.
Furthermore, the road from Umsning to Mawrong Road, which is a necessary road for the residents of the area, was also found to be in poor condition, although repairs have now started in some parts of the road.
He said that a letter has been sent to Star Cement to employ the villagers but they have not responded for many months.
JOWAI: U Ma Madonbai Rymbai, Chief Executive Member of the JHADC, on Tuesday said that he will return as CEM of the JHADC.
Sangma, in his speech, said that he first met Bah Sun (as a PHE officer) when he visited the water scheme in Mawphlang in 1993 and during the Mukul said that he was impressed by how well Bah Sun takes care of the government equipment at the water supply station and which never happens at other government equipment at other government equipment. places, where he said “People are very easy to distinguish between government and non-government objects”.
“There are still many villagers who do not have documents such as EPIC. The owners should provide the necessary documents so that they can benefit from the government's assistance.
Certificates and cash prizes were also awarded to the winners.
She said that she had forced him to continue the writing, because the registration office had set a date for the work and her mother had already bought him. but Elton John didn't respond.
To prevent such things from happening, but they have happened everywhere.
Marsien, near the house of Kongthei, saw that she was still lying on the floor.
She said three persons were rushed to hospital for treatment.
If I were an MDC, I too, would be able to hold such programs about once or twice a year, besides, along with the people's demand to force to fight again, so that it is the voice. to the people.
As a mother who gave birth and raised him, she strongly advised him in front of Nia and Mama to obey and accept their guidance.
It is said that the reason for the origin of the name Mawlynnong is because of the presence of lynnong lynnong stones and the stones with lynnong lynnong were called 'Mawlong lynnong'
The health of the day laborers is the most important, especially for the women, so they demanded that the state government should provide them with the opportunity to take leave in case of illness as well as financial assistance.
Our Synod was still free at that time, it was not banned, it did not have a law; “It's a good idea to have a pastor, we have given our heart and soul to the party, we are the champions from all sides,” said the HSPDP leader. Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit and even Ardent Basaiawmoit, in the past, have said that the Congress is no different from the BJP, because both of them are Dkhar parties.
As the young man stood before the statue, he was surprised to see that it was a figure exceeding in beauty, and in a low voice he said: “Ani! So beautiful this picture, isn't it? Could I be like him?The artist said: “You can be like him, if you will only follow his example".
At the same time, they said that there is no doubt that in the 2023 elections, the number of foreign and native voters will be equal or foreigners may exceed the population.
Titostarwell also asked why the Dorbar Shnongs don't need Pancards when they are Local Authorities.
I didn't know that the two girls had shot me...” said Linda and laughed.
Regarding the opening of the bank, the CSWO leaders said that it was only the secret of a man known as P.Lamarai who is also an elder who has been dismissed from the church along with the understanding with the Nepalis.
“We have to break the chain of spread of this disease.
There are 11 Digital Villages in Meghalaya and Raliang is the first in West Jaintia Hills.
Alcaraz's ability to play well through drop shots and other forms of release in the match was equal until Tsitsipas surrendered in the second set with a double fault. .
He said that looking at the history of Pariong-Mawthadraishan constituency, it has been the constituency of the HSPDP since ancient times but it changed during the time of Irene Lyngdoh who won from the Congress and the UDP. 2014.
"The implementation of any law should be forward, not backward," he said.
Students from various departments of NEHU participated in the seminar.
Under his leadership, the first Kiew Pyneh Rngiew was held on the top of Lum Sohpetbneng on the 20th of June
The current state of education in the state is like a person who is about to sink and needs to be rescued.
Doly said that in Nongtalang, Dawki, there are no licensed miners and those who are on the way to get licenses are the only ones because their mining plan has been approved but it has not yet been approved. “If you talk about those things in detail, it takes two months to tell you,” said Doly when asked what kind of things they are.
All these things caused the people, men and women, from children, young men, old men, the elderly, to come with physical and spiritual strength.
The affected areas are Motphran, GS Road to District Council, Umsohsuh to Motphran, Motphran to Anjalee, Motphran Point, Motphran. sha Mission Compound, YMCA sha Motphran Point.
Therefore, he said that there should be cooperation between the gram sevaks and the blocks otherwise the loss will be to the residents.
On the other hand, the Commissioner & Secretary of the Assembly Secretariat, Dr. Andrew Simons said that this is a step in line with the aim of bringing about change in the House without the need for the use of documents.
It is to be recalled that the award ceremony has started since 2017 but in the last two years the organization has not been able to distribute the awards due to the outbreak of covid-1
Shruti Kumari scored the first goal for Bihar in the third minute through a ball from Sabara Khatun from the right which went straight to the feet of Shruti. ei has scored a beat into the goal.
Similarly, according to the hybrid model proposed by Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) chief executive officer Najam Sethi, Pakistan will host three to four matches of the tournament at home. while the remaining matches including the match against India can be played at any stadium that does not belong to any country (India-Pak).
Lapang and Dr Mukul Sangma will be in Delhi tomorrow and on the 5th to take part in the election of the new president of the AICC.
The Union demands from the government that Assam vehicles should only be used to transport passengers from Assam to Shillong and from Shillong to visit places in the state should be used by local vehicles from Meghalaya.
There is not a single government employee.
The training was held at the Community Hall of Loomsoiung Newhill, Jowai on 15th and 16th June in the presence of experts of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.
Shillong: The Mairang Sub-Divisional Officers Club (MACSOC) in collaboration with the Mairang Constituency Educational Excellence Award Committee (MCEEAC), will honor the students who have worked hard and achieved good results in the examination. Top 10 candidates in the SSLC 2019 and HSSLC 2019 (Arts, Science & Commerce) examination of MBOSE who are residents of the villages under the 30-Mairang (ST) Assembly Constituency.
Media reports said that Muslims in Shillong are looking for ways to raise money and help for their fellow Muslims who have suffered from the attack by the Myanmar army.
Where I am, Yahshua says, you too can be.
“I don't want any misguidance, and at the same time it will explain to Bah David what the District Council is, why we have the District Council,” he said.
Although I can conclude that, let the investigation find out all the facts and after this we will know the exact reason.
The arrest of the HNLC members shows that the HNLC has started to demand money from the people, but with the cooperation of the people and the police, they have not been able to escape. .
“I will advocate for the introduction of a law where it will be like a shared right where a Khasi woman when she marries a Dkhar, should not only be used but will benefit,” he said.
However, the difference between the competition and the competition is that the competition has become a competition where the money is high and the entry fee is high.
He is currently the President of the UDP, but only MDCs like Paul Lyngdoh and CEM Titosstarwell Chyne cannot be controlled. Lahkmen Rynbui, Minister of Home Affairs.
The President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie, on Tuesday filed his nomination papers to contest the upcoming elections on 27th June. 2023.
Such is what we call 'hybrid vigor'
Such an act I feel to say is a very serious crime.
“Baarry L Kharmalki said that when the police raided the Polo, they also took away the money belonging to these people.
Sumer said that the festival has been postponed to the 19th of November and the organizers of the festival have apologized to the public for the inconvenience.
Shillong, March 14: The Aircel to Aircel balance and SMs balance of Aircel have not worked properly all day today. Please provide advance notice to Aircel users.
you must not derpor too much.
These projects and schemes were distributed fairly and without discrimination.
In West Garo Hills, there is one case and in West Jaintia Hills, there are 29 cases. These include 19 cases in Darrang, 8 cases in Dawki, one case in Nartiang and one case from outside the state.
It gives us the plant that we humans cultivate in the ground.
This means that Jesus was born of a Jewish woman named Mary Magdalene.
Although Lionel Messi scored two goals, his team didn't play well.
Shillong: The State Government today approved the Meghalaya Telecom Infrastructure Policy 2018 which will come into force from 15th July
The first match will be between Pynthorbah SC and Umsohsun SC, followed by the match between Lamlynti FC (Madanlyngki) and Mawklot SC. The Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held on Tuesday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The question now is whether the State Government has decided on the order and whether it intends to take the matter to the Ïingkashari Civil Court for immediate resolution.
The day was also enriched by the presence of Jubin Garg, a prominent singer of the country and traditional dances by Assamese youths.
“I am grateful to Dr Mukul Sangma for fighting well even in a short period of time.
She said that the Government has developed more and more sectors such as Agriculture, Tourism, Power Generation, Education, Information Technology, Entrepreneurship and all sectors.
Irin Chyrmang, resident of Mihmyntdu, West Jaintia Hills District, passed away on 22/10/2
“All the materials required for the temporary construction of the road have arrived and NHAI will try to repair it immediately so that vehicles can pass,” he said. because of the heavy rain.
Regarding the murder of the Rangbah, the relatives of the Rangbah Rangbah have expressed their sorrow over the incident until the foreigner dared to take the life of the Rangbah and as the power of the Rangbah. The law should be strict and punish the robbers involved in this crime and that even if he dies, he will get a fair trial.
“The protest led by the Voice of the People Party (VPP) is not only for Ri Bhoi but for the entire Khasi people. Let us work together and be united so that we can achieve our goal.
The Cabinet also approved to introduce the Women's Reservation Bill in the House.
“Therefore, we urge and invite the HNLC on the part of the state government not to stop the peace talks but to continue until we reach the goal because it is only the peace talks table that can. “We have reached an agreement,” said the Symbud Myntrui Rangbah.
The Government has a vision for the players who have great talent and we need to work with the youth and the sports associations to see the development of the players.
At the same time, he said that the construction of cash collection points on the highway has affected the people because the traders will transport the people by increasing the price of goods.
World Statistics Day is celebrated on the 20th of March around the world every three years.
The Minister said that about 50,000 youth job seekers leave the state every year and about 3,000 job seekers enter government jobs while the rest are employed in private jobs.
The Police Department has already prepared a list of those who can use the Police for protection,” he said.
He will fill the empty space, at such a time when a dark cloud comes upon your house.
People who work in their own jobs say that they don't know whether they have reached the mountains before we welcome the New Year and how long they will have to give the last blessings to the smem.
They said that in the past there were about 400 households, but now there are only 180 households, due to the relocation of the village.
