Shillong: “Do the police believe that Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew is still alive?”.
Shillong: Five coal miners from Assam and Tripura have been trapped in the Ule crematorium at Umpleng village in East Jaintia Hills District since 30th June On July 16, 2021, the Indian Navy troops recovered the body of a miner who was trapped in the coal mine but the body has not been found yet. relatives who will not come to this day.
“Bah Pala has been talking around Parliament for five years, there is no development through Bah Pala, many people don't meet him,” said Bah Sanbor.
The KSU said that the state has suffered a lot due to the illegal entry of foreigners across the border.
“These two things, the first – to evacuate the people living in the area according to the rules of law and should send them to the shelters provided for them and secondly, immediately without delay, to remove completely this fence which has affected the traffic and the village as a whole.
“There are only about 20,000 people in Meghalaya who pay income tax and this is small compared to the number of people who have earned enough to pay tax,” the Income Tax said.
On a complaint received from the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, the police have charged 35 persons under three sections of the Act, the first under Section 188/34 of the Indian Penal Code. The second Penal Code is in accordance with the 5th Amendment 51(B) of the Disaster Management Act
Shillong, March 22: Meghalaya is the second largest state in the North East in terms of food security, according to a report by the Food Corporation of India (FCI). released on its 50th anniversary.
Urging the youth who want to become policemen, Ma Lahkmen said, “To become a policeman is not only a job to earn money but also a job of service and a sacred job. enter this work".
Shillong, Jymmang 24 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is contesting for the re-election as MLA from Pynursla Constituency from the National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), today asked a question. Meghalaya has received more than 18 SQ.KM of land from Assam in the first round of demarcation according to the Memorandum of Understanding. I was born in Delhi.
On the other hand, Mr. Challam (EAC) promised that if the money arrives at any time, it will be sent to these Home Guard Volunteers as soon as possible.
The story goes that three months after the death of her husband, she gave birth to a son who was a good man and a good father.
In fact, the state education department had granted recognition to Kalparu Academy in April 2015 but after finding out that it was fraudulent and not recognized by the Board of Higher Secondary Education (BHSE). ) Delhi and the Department of School Education & Literacy, Department of Human Resources Development, Meghalaya Education Department has withdrawn the recognition on 8th July
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The State Government through the Ministry of Tourism intends to introduce a policy and law to prohibit the construction of tourist attractions near some tourist spots across Meghalaya.
In the last match of the day, Damebantei Kharkongor (38min) scored the first goal for Umphyrnai SC.
Ardent said that recently there has been an attempt to amend the Land Transfer Act, in which there has been a proposal from the Ministers of the State Government to allow doctors from outside the State to buy land. in Meghalaya to meet the shortage of specialist doctors, he added that this would be a threat and should not be allowed at all.
The Presidents of the BJP in 44 Mandals are Shri B. Wanswett ; Shillong West and Shri.Dominic Lamo; Shillong South.
According to Bah Lyngdoh, this behavior of Bah Dkhar is what happens to a person when he encounters any incident.
Earlier, the MGNSA had expressed its opposition to the DPC's stagnation since 2011 which has prevented nurses who should have been promoted.
Therefore, the public is encouraged to take advantage of this opportunity according to their convenience within the stipulated time.
Baichung Bhutia said that the BBFS Foundation program is one of the most comprehensive training programs for young people up to 17 years of age.
“The children are very busy doing their homework.
The question for us the people is who gave them the authority to illegally mine and how much damage they do to the environment? Illegal mining of stone, mining of shyiap, mining of mineral resources continues today despite many rules and regulations issued from time to time to curb them but to no avail. .
Ronnie said that the amendment of the Sixth Schedule is another issue of concern to the Congress that if this amendment will affect the nation, the party will not push on these allegations. without foundation.
The Chairman of the Dorbar acknowledged that many of the Chief Executive Members do not understand the internet.
The deadline for submission of entries is on the 26th of this month. Nangbah Mulang beat Sabahmuswang 2-0 in the Super Division Football Match. The tournament was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
In Rajasthan, the BJP has regained power after three years of Congress rule under the leadership of Congress leader Ashok Ghelot.
Documents required include Birth Certificate, Aadhaar Card, Pan Card, School Mark Sheet and School Bonus Certificate.
Sumer said that when the CEM visits, he doesn't tell them the reason for his visit. He said that if he tells others, they will know. Teinwell added that without a visit, no letter is received from the CEM or the Secretary. “We are sorry that the CEM doesn't trust the EMs,” said Sumer. “We are sorry that the CEM doesn't trust the EMs,” said Bah Tein.
The law is strict, but I support the introduction of the custom of taking jait from the mother on the grounds that we are a different ethnic group from others and if the census is changed to the father it will cause confusion. you counted counted.
The owner of the hostel was very rude and didn't care about the problems of others.
Speaking to media, Samla Ferdinald Kharkamni after talking to the father of the girl by telephone, expressed his deep sorrow over this incident. Walinda's beloved daughter, with the expectation that she will get an education at the place where she is studying, is far from home but a dark cloud has come to cover the house of Walinda after she died. The family members of the school have received the sad news that the student has died after drinking bih and sdien ha u tyllai phasi as admitted by the authorities of the school. The young woman drank the bih and went to sdien in the tyllai phasi.
The attempt to beautify the child is closely related to the attempt to improve the child by planting sner in different colours.
At the same time, she expressed her gratitude and appreciation to the Mih-Myntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA) one of the NGOs which has been continuing its good deeds in the community since It was founded in
Shillong: U BJP leader and candidate from South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has strongly criticized his colleague and BJP candidate from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah AL Hek, for not accepting to become the Prime Minister. If the BJP comes to power after the MLA elections-2
“The teams that have reached the final deserve it because they have worked hard and I expect them to play well against Khliehmawlieh,” he added.
The VPP MLA said that the truth is that in the Public Hearing, the opposition should have the opportunity to express their views.
The people of Bapli did not know that the heavens and the earth were suddenly shaking and like a shot of tyndep.
“Even if we have to die, we will fight, even if it is with a sword,” he said.
Shillong, July 08: The NPP MDC from Rambrai, Bah Bajop Pyngrope, on Tuesday said that those MDCs who support the NPP on the border issue in the first phase, should have done their homework. ' before they criticize and speak slowly.
Tamabil: The stingy behavior of the Border Security Force (BSF) to curb the illegal entry of Bangladeshis, who came to steal, rob and commit other crimes in the villages of The earthquake struck India, which has severely affected the people and farmers from Tamabil to Mutapur, which are villages on the India-Bangladesh border.
Shillong: The price of petrol in Shillong today was T.100.21 per liter.
There have been incidents in Ribhoi, Khasi and Jaintia Hills as well.
The Seng has talked to the village authorities of Lumsohphoh to demand that the Dorbar Shnong should be vigilant and not allow foreigners without proper documents to come to work within the border. sam of the Village.
This happened this morning at about 12 noon, while the man was driving an arshaka from Mawkhar Terter to Jaiaw.
In this regard, a complaint has been lodged with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills and the SP of West Jaintia Hills.
These hub horti help flower farmers and flower collectors, market and package them and eventually ship them across markets around the world".
He said that if the people give their support to him in this election, he will look after the poor, to create opportunities to improve education, health, There are no opportunities for young people, especially those who have qualified.
The LSA also conducts site audits by testing the EMF Signal at various sites near these workplaces.
A climber in the Himalayas has tested positive for the corona virus.
If Tura is to be made the capital during the rainy season, it is necessary to set up a Secretariat in the city so that during the rainy season, all government officials from the Prime Minister, government officials and other employees can the government shall go and work in that shlem.
The bells in the schools are no longer ringing, the nature is in another form.
The Village Committee and the Dalloi of the Elaka on the 11th of this month have decided and announced that only those from outside the state are allowed to visit the Darrang Tourist Spot, in compliance with the rules prepared by the Darrang Tourist Spot. Society through SOPs.
This was revealed in a letter sent by four villages on the Meghalaya-Assam border to the Deputy Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Thursday. Mowluber is not a citizen of this country.
The state government will build a stadium at Mawdiangdiang for the hosting of the National Games
He said that for the first time on the 5th of this month at 9:30 pm, the employees of the land owners came to destroy the houses of the residents. He said that the village authorities had called the police at Umiam Police Station but the police did not come to see the incident. They have destroyed the houses of foreign residents in Nongsder with the assistance of the police.
“When people talk about the Hima Mylliem, they look first at the condition of the Iewduh.
The Dorbar Shnong Lapangap, Nartiang Constituency, West Jaintia Hills District has decided not to allow the Karbi residents of Assam to invade the land where they have already planted trees.
There are two churches in the village, the Presbyterian Church with 29 households and the Catholic Church with 41 households.
“I would like to request you that you will Please turn around and think together and know the fact that most of the people living in Murshidabad district and surrounding areas are very poor.
Finally, Abraham said, “I will speak to you only once more. What if there are only 10 righteous people in Sodom? God said, “I will not destroy it if there are only 10 people.
These two churches have received these assistance for the construction of these resting places or to hold the funeral services through the MDC scheme approved by the Fifteen Finance Commission for the year 2020- 21.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah J Shylla, MCS, has demolished another coal mining factory which was built without the consent to establish. CTE) of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board.
“I still need to lead KAS and my term will expire until
It was during his tenure as Rector of St. Anthony's College that a seven-day meeting of Don Bosco Schools from all over India was held.
This is the second training conducted by the Office of the DC, Jowai in the past few months. the Thomas Jones college.
“We don't criticize others but we demand the same as other ethnic groups,” said the President of the Seng Khasi.
In the final match, Madan Thadmuthlong beat Lumpyrdi Ïongpiah 5-1
So when Jesus came to earth, he said, “Behold, I have come to do your will, O God.
The competition was held in Eilat, Israel, where Sandhu won the title.
Yoomi Patwet of HUCC was named Man of the Match. The first semifinal will be played on the 3rd of October between HUCC and Chutwakhu at 10 pm.
He said that if the signboard is installed, it will affect the people who go to farm inside these areas which are 150 yards away from the signboard. and Exit Gate and will have to leave and enter according to the scheduled time.
Oh! Why do you come to such an apot?
In Delhi, 3,137 new cases have been reported today, the highest number of cases in the state, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 53,1
On this occasion, the VPP leaders left the meeting held at the Secretariat because the government has not been able to discuss the need to revise the Reservation Policy.
Shillong: After a report in Rupang on 10th June 2019 that a mother from Kut village, Puriang, has alleged that the Sordar of Kut village has burnt down her house. The Sordar of Kut, Bah Chesterwell Sohtun, has come to clarify by alleging that the woman is a person who used to cause trouble in the village.
Nearly 200 years since the foundation of the first Presbyterian Church in Nongsawlia, the Revelation School in Bri Hynniewtrep has served as a Word Teaching School and a shlem saiñdur.
“Therefore, we can no longer be mere spectators of the plight of the residents of the area to come together to send Prestone away immediately,” said the president.
Shillong: Ka Sur u Nong Mawlai, today issued a request to all the youths involved in the robbery of the vehicle and also the weapons of the police on the 15th of this month from the police station. at Mawlai Mawkynroh, to come forward to hand over these items.
The theft in the parking lots is most common in the evening especially from 4:00 pm onwards.
This is part of the curfew, which lasted from early morning until midnight.
“The Minister also praised Bah Shangpliang as a retired officer with many skills and as a former MLA who has made a great contribution in the Legislative Assembly.
After the meeting of the Executive Committee of the Village, the Executive Committee of the Village has strictly prohibited the sale of alcoholic beverages within the Village or the delivery of alcoholic beverages online through Wine Stores without the permission of the Wine Store. village.
Shillong, July 13: The AICC General Secretary for Meghalaya, Mukul Wasnik, has denied reports that the party has gone to nominate Bah RG Lyngdoh for the Lok Sabha MP elections. 2014 from the Congress party.
Similarly, Malki used to have chances but the opposition managed to turn away many of their attempts.
Some say that these sheep represent the fulness of the destruction of the world and others say that this is not a sign of the present, but the future of the destruction. the world is gone.
Kong Nongsiej alleged that her husband had raped her until she had a child and she decided to run away to escape from his hands.
This is according to a statement issued by the Meghalaya Sport Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MSCA) regarding its intention to select athletes to represent the state in the North East Zone Sport Climbing Competition
The Sengkhasi Sengkmie in 2020 was unable to hold the Shad Suk Mynsiem due to the Covid-19 pandemic. The 2013 FIFA World Cup will be held at Madan Weiking, Shillong.
Shillong: Due to the increasing number of cases of Covid-19 in the state and in different districts, the district authorities of West Khasi Hills in collaboration with the doctors of The District Social Welfare Office and the Dorbar Shnong of New Nongstoiñ on Tuesday 12th June 2021, held a public awareness campaign on the measures to prevent the spread of Covid-1 19.
The maternal mortality rate in East Khasi Hills in 2022-23 (until October 2023) has decreased significantly compared to the previous year.
The Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morsha (BJYM/BJP-Youth Wing) today demanded that Kong Ampareen should resign immediately after the High Court ordered the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) not to investigate the case. filed a complaint at its office in Delhi.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Superintendent of Police, EKHD, Shillong, on Tuesday said that on 18.12.2021 at about 9 pm, police have found the body of an unidentified man. The body of a 35 to 40 year old woman was found lyngktar in the forest near Aunty Wine Shop in Polo Shillong. for the introduction and acceptance, but until now no one has come forward.
On the other hand, Vincent H Pala, President of the MPCC and MP from Shillong, said that many people have said that He said that he should bring back Dr DD Lapang to the Congress party.
In this regard, the HYC urges the relevant authorities such as the C&RD Block office and the community leaders to come forward and provide urgent assistance. home to provide quick protection especially during the cold season.
CEM Finance Antonio War praised the work of Pynshngaiñ and said that Pynshngaiñ is a leader who works. for the nation.
A video of the Director General of Police (Prosecution) shooting and stabbing his wife has appeared on social media.
Titos W Chyne was elected as the President and D Nongsiej as the Secretary. Convenors from the nine Zonal Units of Mawsynram Constituency were also elected.
He said that the ordinance passed in the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) 2016, is in conflict with the laws of the central government and for this reason, he is still examining and has not yet issued the ordinance. approval sent by the government.
Another foundation stone for the opening of the Inspection Bungalow or Guest House of the PWD which has been completed at Upper New Nongstoiñ.
The Prime Minister and Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah AL Hek, MLA of the area, Bah David Nongrum and officials inspected the building. heh in the state.
But eternal life means knowing God and having a relationship with Him. Knowing God is participating with God in bringing about the Kingdom of God here on earth.
“Yes, I understand... I'll come...” Deisy said.
BJP Punjab President Sunil Jakhar has said that the BJP's victory in the Assembly elections in the three states has shocked and affected the opposition as the voters have voted. They have voted for the rights of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
If necessary, people should put their own footwear in the designated areas.
The protest of the farmers against the Indian government has turned into bloodshed in the Tikunia area of ​​Nighasan district. The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Ajay Mishra and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Keshav Maurya, have been protesting against the visit of these government officials since morning. of Sunday.
The first phase will be conducted by farmers from Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya from 27th October to 4th October,
However, when they arrived at the hospital, the state government still wrote that it is a place where Covid-19 patients are being treated while many of the rooms have already been closed.
Speaking at a meeting attended by hundreds of UDP members who joined the PDF, Hamlet said that after retiring from the leadership of the KSU in 2012, he joined the PDF. “At that time I got 6067 votes in the MLA election, 7000 votes in the MDC election, from 2012 to now. “My UDP friends who have been with me have been with me until now, none of them have moved,” he said.
It is to be recalled that the 25th Anniversary of the tournament was opened on the 9th of November
In another development, the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, Ethelbert Kharmalki, today said that the Navy still needs to investigate after they found two bodies of There is a cremation ground in Krem Ule, Umpleng, where it is estimated that six people have drowned.
This comes at a time when his club is fighting to avoid relegation.
The market was built at a cost of 84 lakh tyngka on the land of the PWD (Roads) department and took time to open due to the lack of basic facilities such as electricity and water. although construction was completed in 2019.
There are 220 cases in East Khasi Hills, 135 cases in East Khasi Hills, 134 cases in West Garo Hills, 8 cases in Ribhoi and 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn, who joined the UDP, on Tuesday said that he is ready to take over the post of Minister of State as his goal is to serve the people of the constituency and the state.
Bahdeng's demands for the ILP, to fight against marriage, to resolve the border issue and to protect and strengthen the Dorbar Trai Ri especially the Dorbar Kur are reasonable and as the party we will continue to do so. Roykupar Synrem, General Secretary, HYC said, “Even in the midst of suffering, we see that his steadfast spirit for the Jaidbynriew has not faded. stop.
This is the third day in a row that India has recorded more than 3 lakh daily cases and 2,000 deaths.
These employees held a sudden protest in front of the office of the MD at Khyndai Lad at noon as a sign of protest against the government's decision to dismiss the MD. Nikhla has been removed from the post of Managing Director and replaced by Joint Secretary PM Sangma.
“The company will conduct a skill test for the employees to know their skills and they will have to attend regular training to update their knowledge,” she said.
Therefore, it is time for the people of South West Khasi Hills District to demand the construction of a National Highway so that traffic can be easier.
There were 25,432 spectators in the first half to witness Ronaldo's performance.
“The Congress Party has been rejected in many states but Dr Mukul and his plan to join the TMC is wrong because this party has no future here.
Tata AIA Life Insurance (Tata AIA), one of India's leading life insurance companies, has launched a new service with the theme, 'HarWaqtKeLiyeTaiyaar'
Through these photographs, doubts have arisen on the claim of the Indian government, that the attack by Indian warplanes, on 26th June 2019, was on a rebel base near Jaba village and Balakot, which is located in the state of Pakhtunkhwa.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Donbor said that since he was a child, he has been a Khasi herbal medicine seller, although he understands that he has the ability to make medicines because he used to make them himself. The medicines he used himself started with wound medicines, but when he grew up he started trying to make medicines by starting to make them at home and after that he saw that the medicines he made worked well. he continued to practice pharmacy to serve the people.
“He added that as the Rangbah Kur together with other Rangbah Kur, we have tried to find ways and means in this regard.
The police department has alleged that the ANVC (B)'s statement is only to create fear in the minds of the people.
He said that the construction of the road has not been carried out in accordance with the rules and regulations of the NGT which strictly prohibits the damage to parts of the Myntdu River or the breaking of soil. The flow of the Myntdu River has been affected.
He said that God accepts anyone who comes with a pure heart and God is always near if only a few people call on His name.
This season is a dry and windy season, so the Seng also requests those people who live by Jhum cultivation to be careful when setting fire to their farmland.
He said that there has been a strong enthusiasm witnessed by all the players in all the games and it is necessary to take this forward and higher.
Those people who have gone to need on the 17th of this month have been urged to stay at home for 10 days and also urged to listen to the health, by which follows the directions of the government.
On the other hand, the Head Teacher of the school said that the school is very old and has reached more than 102 years old. and teachers to run schools during the rainy season.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Opposition today withdrew its motion against the MUA-II government led by Dr Mukul Sangma after seven hours of debate in the Legislative Assembly; In the midst of the surprise of the ruling party, especially the Prime Minister, 10 days before the election.
The JSU has donated money and the JSM has donated food items.
File size: 802.42 KBK How many people aged 18 to 21 have been employed and have not been hired?
“Through the hard work of the ANM and ASHA, the SHC has helped a lot to the people in the village which has more than 270 households and more than 2000 residents. “It is difficult for the poor to go farther away for treatment,” said the Dorbar Shnong.
Bah Lamphrang in his speech praised the circle although it was not selected to go to Delhi in the past few days but their work is very important for the society.
On the same day, the new leaders of KSU RIST-USTM Unit 2023-24 were also confirmed by Samla Pynkmenlang Sanmiet. Richie C Lyngkhoi, General Secretary-Balasumar Sohkhwai, Organizing Secretary-Rapseibor Syngkli, Finance Secretary- Bashida Kharlatang, Publicity Secretary-Bakyrmen Passah, Education Secretary- Chipper Lathong, Socio Cultural Secretary-Raymond Nongkhlaw-, Hame Arkiwongni Secretary Speaking on the occasion, KSU Education Secretary Samla Pynkmenlang Sanmiet said that it is a great pleasure to hold such an event. program to bring together Khasi students to know and recognize each other as brothers and sisters in the surrounding area of ​​the school to bring unity and support to each other so that the Khasi students who study at the school should not face any problems.
On the other hand, the voters should also be brave enough to reject the money and at the same time, to inform the ECI of the arrival of people who throw money to vote.
To be clearer, let us discuss one point after another as follows: If we use more harsh words, we can say, with a sense of sadness and sorrow, that MCCL is a child without a father to look after, care for and think of. .
Start from now on.
When children get measles, their growth is very slow.
Where is the Ambulance 108 now, when you see that there are such incidents, can't the staff of the CHC order to call the Ambulance 108?
The Holy Spirit teaches, encourages, comforts, intercedes for us, and leads us into all truth.
These rumors spread only to frighten me because we have not yet withdrawn from the campaign.
Regarding the traditional food, she urged to preserve it by giving an example that many children want to eat 30 kinds of food like Chow, Momo, Pisa and others and reject the traditional food. they began to forget.
They will face together the challenges of their lives and will last forever in their love until the day of death.
Dear friends, have you ever found in other Government offices that are like the DTO office? I don't think there is anything better than that where a public or non-office worker acts like an office worker, sits like an office worker, explains his duties as an office worker when the people need him.
The MDC of 16-Shangpung has set a record in the history of politics by turning over two parties after 10 years.
He said that in this election, many candidates in the constituency are wealthy and in the past during Covid 19, they have never been seen but they have come out to help suddenly now.
Take care not to associate with those who do not know God because it is not pleasant.
To confirm the effectiveness of the drug, he first tried it on himself, his children and his wife.
Sangma also formed the National People's Party in 2013 after failing to win the 2012 presidential election, which was supported by the BJP and the NDA. Sangma passed away on 4th October 2016 in New Delhi.
The order from the DC's office said that the night curfew will not apply to government employees, police and army, health workers, pharmacies, grocery stores, MeECL employees, NEEPCO, Power Grid, FCI, PWD, PHE and Shillong Municipal Board, food distributors, petrol pumps, government employees and journalists.
However, at 1 pm, the Filmistan Studio in Goregaon, Mumbai, caught fire and 15 employees of the studio were injured.
The inspection was attended by President D. Sun, Education Secretary L. Khardewsaw and other members.
Nongpoh: U Vincent H. Pala, MP Shillong Seat, today attended the Ri Kunai La Tynrai Festival organized by the Nongtluh Farmers Association (NEFA) at Umden Village. The Fear.
It is learned that the robbers, who managed to enter the bank, had to flee and leave the bank empty-handed due to the inability to break into the safe.
“On the other hand, replying to the preparation of the former MLA to contest from the UDP, Bah Samlin said that in the election itself, it doesn't matter if you contest anywhere but it depends on the person.
The tournament was organized by the NPYF Jirang Block and a prize of T.1 lakh for the winner and T.50,000 for the runner up. -two.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday sought clarification from the State Government regarding the preparation to hand over the coal mined to Coal India Limited (CIL). The auction will be held in different districts. The auction will be held in different districts.
In Mylliem Lympat Market, there are two places including Mawbynna and Mawkynthei.
On the other hand, the crowd did not hesitate as those who managed to enter the square where the flag was erected, threw down chairs, tables and broke the flag to stop the meeting.
In his closing remarks, the Chief Guest invited all the students of the college together with the teachers to live a life in accordance with the will of God who is the Lord of Christmas.
He said that after the MDC elections, the people have expressed their confidence in the Congress party and have given their support especially in Khasi Hills.
He is 96 years old and has held the post of Daloi for 49 years since 1964, when he was 47 years old.
We are now living once again in a world of violence that was just like the days of Noah and Lot.
What is more, if the Panchayat comes, we will be ruled by other ethnic groups who are free to contest the Panchayat elections,” said Bah Latiplang.
Shillong: The Election Agent of the Congress from Ummulong-Moodymmai constituency has lodged a complaint with the police against two members of an independent candidate for allegedly extorting money from a woman to vote.
At the same time, he said that the Council has decided to reduce the congestion of the fish market in Iewduh by improving it.
East Khasi Hills has 73 active cases, West Garo Hills 32, Ri Bhoi 24, West Jaintia Hills 23, South West Garo Hills 14, South West Khasi Hills 5, Eastern West Khasi Hills 10 and North Garo Hills , South Garo Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 11, West Khasi Hills 9 and East Garo Hills
“The MBMC will continue to campaign for the preservation and cleanliness of the Kwai River together with the Dorbar Shnong as this river was famous in the past, but the passage of time has changed. Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla laid the foundation stone for the construction of a public toilet donated by Rotary. Club Jowai in collaboration with the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday.
The victim was identified as Yomika Rabon, resident of Nongmensong, Langkyrding. The victim lodged a complaint with the police.
D) from the Department of Khasi, NEHU. His thesis is "An analysis of the thoughts and actions of the tyngshops in the novels of HW Sten, W Tiewsoh and KK Kharlukhi" under the guidance of Prof. DRL Nonglait, Head, Department Khasi.
On behalf of the Shnong, we would like to thank and congratulate Ma Eleazer and wish him a healthy body and hope that God will bless him in his work,” said Iadamiki. Lyngdoh General Secretary Mowkaiaw Village Sowlad Village Secretary Dapbiang Lathong said, “I am very pleased that this young man has come forward at this time of great need to help those who have been affected in the village. The reason why he came forward to help after he saw with his own eyes the needs of the residents in the fight against Coronavirus.
How can we send Bhalang together?” he asked her.
The MLAs and Congress leaders have spent a lot of time announcing the name of their candidate, Jackquish K. Sangma, but the name of Danggo, who is the greatest enemy of this era, has come out more. The NPP is the Sangma party.
Man Singh was Pinky's second husband and they had lived together for about three years and she had run away with her first husband.
The opposition leader hoped that the EC would have submitted a report on the status of the bill in the near future.
to a person who has won or been elected to any high position and who has the ability to hold and take responsibility according to the requirements of that position, we say that he is 'Thoh Shun Ki Blei'; To those couples who are at peace and fall apart in the family, we say 'that they are written shun ia husband' and not a shyieng krung like a thought from the other side of the sea.
The health center will be built on an area of ​​more than 6 acres and will have a capacity of 10 beds and will be completed within 30 months.
Can't the government arrest these people and detain them for mental treatment so that they can regain their normal behavior like the people? .
“The government is for the country and not for one family and the country has an independent government and a violent government and this often leads to conflict. borabor" he said more and more.
“We have sent for testing to the testing center but we have to wait for the report and after that we will find out why this happened,” she said.
Even if there are schools up to Class 10, there are many shortcomings.
When the people decided to be happy, they were shocked, and the nation went to the countryside.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Riwar Mihngi today lodged a complaint with the Sub-Divisional Officer (SDO) of Pynursla Civil Sub-Division for not taking action to clean up the cows and sheep that have been slaughtered. A truck collided with a truck near Mawkhap road on the NH40 Shillong-Pynursla-Dawki.
Suchitra Mochary who has License No.11717001000248 who is also a foreigner and both these licenses are still in force.
This is not only an act against the culture of India, but an attempt to destroy the truth of India.
Pradeep has urged those who do this to stop and those who post on YouTube should also remove them. They shall not play chess again and if found guilty they shall be punished according to the law.
This is also the first time for the FKJGP of Meghalaya to hold this program on the Shillong Bye Road in collaboration with the MACS ICTP under the leadership of Joycelyne. long the symbol of the conference.
Any teams wishing to take part in the Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy can come with an entry fee of 2500 tyngka and registration fee of 30 tyngka each.
He appealed to all those involved on the part of the government, the village leaders and the residents to cooperate closely, so that this water supply scheme can be completed on time. .
P.B.S “We came to see if the contractor has sent us,” said one of the shorter and taller men.
Shillong, Iaiong 13 : Two months after the Lawei Baphyrnai party threatened to blow up bombs at the offices of the education department and schools, two members of the party, u The founder and the follower were arrested by the Police Crime Branch.
Nongpoh: Many students of JNV Niangbari School have become ill and have been admitted to Bethany Hospital Nongpoh. It is highly suspected that the cause of the illness of these children is from the water, as the water they have drunk and used is fresh water and untreated water.
When attempts were made to inquire by the Forest Department personnel who had driven away these women, they could not be found as they had fled the scene.
Two youths have lost their lives on Tuesday after drowning in the Umjapung River in Mawpdang village, East Khasi Hills.
Secondary schools are not good, H.S.S and colleges are not mentioned.
Shillong: U Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has met with MLAs from the UDP, two from the PDF and one from the BJP and HSPDP. Mukul Sangma was re-elected as the Leader of the MLAs in the State Legislative Assembly by 21 MLAs. CLP).
In 2014, he won the first election in the JHADC. He won the UDP candidate from the Jowai Central District Council Constituency.
The Bible clearly states that when God first created Adam and from Adam came life.
However, the managers in all these places seem to want to accumulate wealth quickly without thinking about the environment which is crying because it has been treated unfairly and without respect.
Bah HS Shylla, CEM of KHADC, promised the member that he will take the necessary action on the issue, which he has brought to the House.
Besides, there are leaders of the Youth Wing, VDP and Sports Club.
Art & Culture Secretary – Kong Symbud Dkhar.
However, he has not been able to improve his income, because the climate change caused by the widespread deforestation by the people for the transportation of timber and burning rnga has caused the fish to suffer. and in his sight there are seasons when the fish die of hunger.
In other states where intelligent and intelligent leaders have gone forward to protect the nation, in Shillong, in our intelligence, patriotism, they don't think to protect but only the pla, the Sengbhalang protest but those who They don't believe in the Pt authorities, they are looking for ways to protect the Dkhars from being happy and better not to get votes in the election, it's time for us Sengbhalang to fight strongly before it's too late, KSU, HANM FKJGP HYC and all the political parties should not waste their time to follow the example of Tirot Singh, U Kiang Nongbah, he is not afraid even to die for the sake of the people, we should be like that if the government does not implement the ILP. I will fight as hard as I can, no matter what the means, until I win so that the nation can survive.
When the fruit is cut down, the shini remains in this jar.
Furthermore, the union said that the statement of the CS regarding those problems or delays and the need to pass by Parliament to implement the Innerline Permit in the State are unclear.
“The government has decided to allow once again those people who live in Them Iewmawlong to prove their identity,” he said.
The Khnap Thangbru was inaugurated by Bah C.Budnah, IFS, PCCF&HOFF Meghalaya as the chief guest, in the presence of Bah SA Nongsiej, IFS who is also the Chief Conservator of Forest. Environment.
He said that many MDCs have suggested that the 6th Schedule should be removed from the 12A so that it does not conflict with any laws of the state or central government.
Shillong: U Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs, today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in which he requested him to resign from the Ministry of Home Affairs. which he bat all the time.
In the 1st Division, Nongkrem SC beat Marbisu 2-1
The Government has taken hundreds of crores from various departments to give to these employers and has also taken money to give to its companies.
The limit of 49% FDI in the current DTH guidelines will be merged with the Government policy (DPIIT) on FDI as amended from time to time.
Officials of the Government of India have said without hesitation that the NPP Government is the “most corrupt Government in India”.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by MCS, Addl.Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi, Raja Brahma, BDO of Umsning C&RD Block, VS Nongbet, Joint Director of School Education. & Literacy, other senior government officials and village leaders of the area.
Kharjahin said that there are two groups of people living in Them Iew Mawlong, one is those who work under the Shillong Municipal Board or in various government departments and there are those who live outside the house. in these areas of the Hima Mylliem or government areas.
“However, he suffered because he knew that what he was doing would bring peace for the future. If Bah Bull did not contest at that time, many Khasi villages like Mawlai, Mawprem and Nongmynsong would it has turned into Nepali villages," he added.
Shillong: The Village Leaders of Nongwah-Mawtamur together with the JAC of the Hima Sohing, on Monday visited the site which the government has sent to clear for the construction of road in Nongwah. -Mawtamur is located in Ri Bhoi District.
For more than 15 minutes, the National Highway, including ambulances, was closed.
He said that many of the leaders of the state have congratulated him.
Because it is a special day, traditional costumes such as dhara, mumuka, sari synteng (pnar) are very suitable to wear.
I don't understand this explanation here. Explain this research very well.
However, there are still many rights that non-government teachers should have.
Bah S Manar said the purpose is to make the residents aware that they should not allow drugs to spread, but should stand together against the use or trafficking of drugs.
The people should also be vigilant that during the voting period, they should not be deceived by the money but should stand firm on the ground.
Apparently helped by a local who I don’t want to reveal here.
This also delays and creates problems because many of the Khasi youth are still in school and the nation is just beginning to learn to write, read and understand the new era of school education (iii) In the Khasi language, the Khasi students had to choose Bengali or Assamese and Latin was also the most difficult subject.
The Court said that the Hima Sohra cannot collect more than T.200 tax from the vehicles trading in mineral resources on this road.
Before these two matches, Mynso Blazon vs Mookaswan Dongnein had played without a goal.
“The words used by other candidates have increased their value because they are trying to talk about people while they don't say anything about other issues,” said Sandondor.
iv) The Bal Sahitya Puraskar awarded once a year to a Khasi writer who writes for children.
In the Babylonian Empire, such powerful empires as Babylon and Assyria wanted to have one power and their idea was to have one government, one kingdom, one religion, one language, one culture and others must submit and accept that Power.
Previously, the college was under the jurisdiction of Gauhati University, and since 1965, the college has been under the jurisdiction of Dibrugarh University.
Cluster CC scored 118 runs for the loss of 9 wickets in 20 overs.
At the same time, he said that in recent days, the PWD department has improved the cleaning method by conducting soil testing and other requirements to strengthen the road.
“It has been informed that the Working President of the UDP, Bah Paul, has admitted that the government wants to strengthen only the GHADC according to the social agreement signed with the ANVC,” he said.
There are 35 Shillong City buses operating from Smit and Tynring areas, while 86 mini buses operating from Khapsor and villages in East Khasi Hills district.
They were covered with snow.
“Our Government will try its best to achieve it.
Speaking at the meeting, Coming Ymbon, who replaced the Prime Minister, also laid the foundation stone for the upgradation of the school to a Secondary School. I would like to thank Kong Phidalia and also the members of JACJH at that time and also to the people who have given their cooperation to make this school as it is now.
The MLA of Mawshynrut, whose constituency Riangdo falls under, has expressed his deep sorrow over the government's lack of action to repair especially the urgent needs of the people. “What else will they do when the rainy season comes again?” said Bah Witting.
Shillong, Lber, 16: The State Government has directed the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to send its reply by 10th June regarding the proposal to relocate 342 households from the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC). Sweepers' Colony from Them Iew Mawlong to the land of Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
Shillong, Lber : U Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie on Tuesday allocated the MLA Scheme (SRWP) for the construction of a fence to protect the water well. purchase of motor, water pump and pipes for Mawlai Umjajew.
“We will discuss well at the next meeting to explain to the chiefs and sordars on the IOA and AA and we will work together to bring together the chiefs, sordars, students, various groups to strengthen the IOA and AA. FKS and to understand the 1947 constitution,” he said.
Roykupar said the union will continue to monitor this issue and if there are students who do not get classes in the state just because of this reason which has caused them suffering from the lack of work of the NTA and the state government, the the organization will take further action on this matter.
The Deputy Director, Sports Department, Jasper Marak was the chief guest to distribute the prizes to the winners in the presence of Bah Daniel Dann, DSO, EKH and others. Eugeneson Lyngdoh, MCA footballer, Nava Bhattacharjee, Secretary MCA and other dignitaries.
Vice-President- All Now Sangma.
When they were overwhelmed by our soldiers, they opened fire and the army group returned fire.
The NPP will win the majority of MDCs in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council elections and will be able to form a new EC.
Up to eight bills have been introduced and passed in this Dorbar Tlang alone in a short period of time”.
Jowai, Naitung 23: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have arrested three trucks with dew iong which they were trying to smuggle to JUD Cement, one of the dewbi lat factories in Narpuh area.
He said he is looking forward to developing the livestock industry to increase the income of the villagers.
Shillong: The Khasi Kmie Festival will be held on the 8th, 9th & 10th June, 2023, at Weiking Hall, Jaiaw, Shillong.
“It is shocking to see that the BJP in its election promises and speeches by the leaders on the need for ILP in the state.
Once again, let us turn back to the teachings of the lights of nature in order to scheme the past through a complete worldview and to unite with each other in all aspects so that we can once again live. according to the guidelines of the ancients, a unique and sacred nation for the peaceful and prosperous future of our future generations.
Shillong: Leaders of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) led by the UDP in KHADC, have admitted that they have recognized and known about the BSF. The Executive Committee led by Bah Teinwel Dkhar as CEM has been reduced to three MDCs. The EC of Bah Teinwel Dkhar has been reduced to 15 votes in the House. MDCs out of 29 opposed while 14 MDCs supported.
However, they are still living in an old school house that has been donated by the town.
Shillong, July 10: It is no longer surprising that Khasi youths and other youths in the state are being cheated through friendship or youth only through Facebook.
The fire was also seen rising slowly until 10 pm while the Police, Fire and Army and the Army struggled to extinguish the blaze which lasted for several hours. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) on Monday expressed its desire to introduce President Rule in the state. The government has failed in all aspects to provide services to the people of the state whether in terms of peace and order, the happiness of the people living in the border areas even after 57 times the Assam government through the The police department has been harassing the residents of the state at the border for the past four years.
," he added.
He died of a heart attack.
There are also those who do many things and do many things when they need the people, especially those who live in the villages.
The incident occurred at 9 pm at the Catholic Church in Nice, before the start of mass, when he beheaded a woman and then killed the guard of the church. beh to catch this ehrang.
A vehicle belonging to Kong Muni Kharkongor has been set on fire by robbers at a parking lot in Nongmensong this evening.
Through the meeting, there was also a discussion on the number of people from Meghalaya who continue to smuggle into Assam for urgent purposes such as buying medicines, buying jhur and others. .
This has led to the need for new technology to improve Fertilizer Use Efficiency (FUE) and to protect the soil and the environment.
The US businessman was pronounced dead when he was found in his Manhattan office at about 11:10 am on Friday.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah K.Kharraswai, Executive Engineer, MePDCL, Shillong said that the day was held to raise awareness among the public on the implementation of schemes from the central government such as DDUGJY. 2013-14 onwards and the Saubhagya Scheme which aims to provide electricity to all villages and households.
Roskil Challam (42) scored the first goal for MLP.
On the allegation that the BJP has been involved in the purchase of horses, Chuba Ao said it is not right for the party to interfere with other political parties as all the regional parties are part of the North East Development Alliance. The NEDA was led by BJP Leader and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Adviser of Lawjynriew Dorbar Shnong, Bah W Kharkrang, said that this is also part of the state government's efforts to curb the spread of Covid-1 The government has imposed a curfew to deliver food items and essential items to the people of this village.
Not only that, the State Government needs to find ways and means to improve the flow of water to Bangladesh and the Brahmaputra River.
Last month, Nanda and the Rangbah APHLC held discussions on issues related to the Riewlum.
However, on Friday last month, police found the bodies of the three men from the Myanmar border and pointed the finger at the Chin Defense Force (CDF), which committed the crime. .
Three cases have been confirmed in West Kameng.
Police have recovered 20 letters demanding money, besides slab documents including SIM cards from Bangladesh from the arrested members.
These include EGH: 27, EJH: 18, EKH: 170, NGH: 42, RBD: 06, SGH: 10, SWGH: 16, SWKH: 08, WGH: 66, WJH: 39 and WKH:
Shillong, Lber 18 : The National Cricket Academy (NCA) of the BCCI has selected four cricketers of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) for training at the Zonal Cricket Academy (ZCA). ) in Guwahati starting from next June.
The CPF is prepared to be included in the budget for 2016-17, in which the government has requested all the needs of those teachers who should receive this benefit.
One of the women who came to take part in the protest said that the price of jhur has increased too much but this does not reach the farmers because when they go to the market to pay for The price increase is too high.
It is now clear that other political parties also want to join the NPP-led Government and not just the HSPDP.
The village has one of the villages in the area that faces major agricultural problems.
Nongpoh: A man named Bah Tit Mawiong (55) years old, has been killed by his family members, allegedly on the grounds that the family members were killed. They killed him after he had planned to do evil and to attack the life of his own son.
Remember, when you are a city, you become a city.
Perhaps the police did not want to spread the word and therefore, did not release the photos or names of those arrested.
The Assembly was built at a cost of T.35.50 lakh from the MGNREGS scheme received from the Block Office, Mawkyrwat T.33 lakh and T.2.50 lakh from the MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar scheme. Speaking as the chief guest, he urged the Mawkyrwat Block to turn more to these areas so that they can increase their income for the people of this area. The area lives on agriculture and is more focused on agriculture and it is also a promising area for agriculture.
Unfortunately, there are some who try to promote the NEP by offering to read many papers to the students and encouraging them to become proficient in all subjects and pass various examinations. ha in India.
This came after two NPP MLAs, Benedic R Marak of Raksamgre and Ferlin A Sangma of Selsella, resigned as MLAs to join the BJP for the 2023 elections.
Then Rida was terrified and asked her mother for forgiveness.
When it comes to young men, the most dangerous thing is the behavior of criticizing or commenting on social media without thinking twice about who will hurt, what will happen but just because of friendship. with a smile.
Leading leaders of the UDP party led by Bah Lawrence Nongrum General Secretary and Rayonald Kharkamni Vice President, along with their supporters and Congress leaders led by Bah Plielad Tiewsoh President Nongpoh Block Congress Committee and BJP leaders have joined the NPP and were welcomed by the NPP today.
Salt is needed by everyone, the poor, the rich, the foolish, the wise, the great and the weak.
“This November many festivals will be coming up.
The rich gather money while the poor suffer.
So time passed and it was time to sleep.
In India, the number of cases has risen to 190 so far.
There are 4,537 confirmed cases so far and the death toll has risen to
“We also urge the people not to be afraid or intimidated by the threats of the District Administration which has issued even the order to arrest and prosecute under Section 171c.
This shows that there are three Persons (Trinity) in heaven.
Mairang, Naiwieng 21: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, today announced to all households in the district, that the ration has been distributed through the ration shops in accordance with the National Food Security Act, and also free rice under the PMGKAY scheme for the month of November,
To Jerusalem, God says – “This (Jerusalem) is my resting place forever; here I will dwell, for I have loved you" Psalm 132:1
Aristone M.Ryndongsngi, said that the group does not have any intention or intention to intimidate other people, but the reason why they had to take this step, It is also part of the assistance to the paradohs who live from the fishing industry, because if foreigners get to bsuh klieh, along with fraudulent activities, it will cause problems to the unemployed youth in the country. u Hynniewtrep and especially those who live from fishing.
If you go to any constituency, you will find the distribution of money by the NPP candidates and it is impossible to say where they get it, where they get it, the NPP says that if this statement is true, “It's wrong and they should have removed him to prove that it's not his fault,” he said.
The winners of the 12-year-old boys category were Bankitbok Ramsiej, Tislang Wahlang and Damangkynsai Wartde.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The President of Forever Young, Bah Michael Syiem, on Tuesday said that despite the criticism of the MDA government, it deserves to be praised because it is the only government that has given full recognition. by law to the wine industry in the state where other governments have not paid heed to this demand which started about 17 years ago.
After the arrest of the auto rickshaw driver, the two friends of the auto rickshaw driver, who temporarily fled the scene, but during the search, the police have also arrested the two who tried to flee.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit together with other State Units in various states of India has held a National Meeting in Hyderabad. Central Body of the whole of India.
Laitkseh Village demands to upgrade Laitkseh Health Sub-Centre to PHC and Nongkasen PHC to CHC. state and to recognize Biskot as an agricultural commodity.
Many groups have demanded that the State Government should immediately launch an inquiry into this injustice.
Nongstoiñ, July 6: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) West Khasi Hills District has expressed its sympathy to its fellow farmers who have suffered from the drought in these days and months in West Khasi Hills.
Acts 2:24- Whom God hath raised up, having loosed the pains of death: because it was not possible that he should be holden of it.
Family members said that Nipynthngen has a mental illness.
Another demand of the teachers is to increase the salaries of the teachers.
The TMC leader also slammed the MDA government for the casino, “The MDA government led by Conrad Sangma has deceived the people of the state.
The HiiTO Laskeiñ Block Circle on 21st November, 2013, extended its hand of assistance to the children under the care of NEIMA Orphange Home Sahsniang.
On the border issue, Bah Ardent said the Government should not give any valuable land to Assam in the name of border reconciliation.
At the same time, Bah Synrem warned that if the management of Ram Krishna continues to force the school children to register for Aadhar, then the party will not hesitate to go through another process. route.
“Yes, my mother,” agreed the father.
It is easy for the robbers to turn against anyone and go in groups even after agreeing alone.
'Preparations for the celebration of this special day to raise awareness on the harmful effects of tobacco consumption have started from 3rd June, 2024 with The participation of various schools in the state through two activities entitled 'Walk Against Tobacco' and 'Create A Wall Of Posters'
He said that the Assam police can come to Meghalaya, the Meghalaya police can go to Assam but they should inform each other and not just enter or arrest people like what happened in New Balakhawa.
Even before 2018, many GNLA leaders and members came to surrender especially in
“This has become a path that has brought great error to the human race on earth.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) on Thursday said that it will meet with the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma to request him to urge the MPs of Assam. to support the three demands of the State.
Speaking to media, Bah Kharjahrin said that the government has been suggested that before taking any decision on the border issue, the government should first take it to the Legislative Assembly. Discuss this section so that there will be a consensus on this decision.
If it is in this form I congratulate the Meghalaya Police especially the DSP who has taken responsibility for this task. forward.
“We request the Minister of Education to look into this matter so that the Government can issue a decision regarding the payment of tuition fees to all private schools to prevent the increase in tuition fees and others. Vice President Kenneth Jana told reporters after the meeting with Sangma.
“But I protect both sides, the opposition and the ruling party,” said Dr Donkupar.
“We welcome you to the Order of Bishops and as those whom he has chosen to serve not for us but for his people and the title of Bishop is a service and not a title,” he said. added.
He said the government cannot extend their term of office without any proper grounds.
Jaya – 9526862025, Dr.Sr.
In a notice sent to VPP President Ardent Basaiawmoit, the Returning Officer (RO) of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency has sought clarification regarding the allegation on or before the 12th of this month. .
They said that it was on Monday morning that they found the theft and they found a lyngka, tyrnem, lighter and other items. home.
Shillong: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Paul Lyngdoh has admitted that the sudden strength of the party (VPP) will not last long because it is a political party.
The Minister concluded by saying that the Prime Minister's objective of doubling the income of farmers before 2022 can be achieved through the animal husbandry and fisheries departments.
On the other hand, the union requests the people who used to buy this wah and those who want to buy it, not to buy this wah Lukha anymore because the union will not allow anyone. whoever comes outside to fish or do whatever they want in this river.
No one was injured in the incident, except for the loss of property.
In South Garo Hills and South West Garo, no criminals have been convicted so far and this may be due to the lack of Special Public Prosecutors (SPPs) to fight the cases. that all POCSO cases have been pending in the courts of these districts.
The marathon will also be attended by a prominent runner and coach of the State, Bah Jommingstar Ramsiej, who has won the Kolkata Full Marathon, Mumbai Full Marathon and Delhi Full Marathon. The Meghalaya State League 2023 has started in a successful manner on Saturday, with five matches being played around the grounds. .
What is happening now is that a candidate from Sohiong Constituency has won because the saying goes, 'In the struggle, the winner is the winner.
“We are looking at the AS 01, which goes to Dawki, but there are in that village, there are so many, but even shiphew tyngka cannot be sold,” said the MLA.
Pynshailang Kharwanniang scored the first goal for Nongkolew SC.
The Judicial Magistrate of Shillong vide order dated 8.9.2016 has sentenced Shri Purandar Boro, who was charged under 184/185/196 MV Act, for driving a vehicle under the Act. aid, fined T.4000 tyngka and revoked his license and will lose his drive for six months.
“Women are the grace of God and they should always be the first to praise God,” he said.
“We must not forget that it is the Congress party that has given us many freedoms, from dress, language, customs and religion.
My phone number is 9233445900. It is available in room 149, 3rd floor from 11:00 am to 12:00 pm.
In the picture, Modi spoke about corruption, theft and counterfeit money and expressed his concern over the issue that plagues India, calling on Indians to fight against it. They should clean up such activities as they used to clean up the surroundings of their homes during Diwali.
Speaking at the launch programme, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that travel in the tourism sector is a major challenge for Meghalaya. Such vehicles are necessary for tourists to come to the state.
Dr Dhriti Banerjee, Director of ZSI, said that the thapba live well in the dry areas of the slasha gardens.
And he was the only one of the world's rulers who died of a head injury and died on 30 April 1945 AD in Berlin.
Dr Mukul Sangma said the MDA government means the Meghalaya Deceitful Alliance, once again they have been involved in stealing from the people of the state, regarding the purchase of 807 acres of land in the area. Mawkhan is located in Mawpdang.
We cannot issue a Show Cause Notice and if they still want to sell they must follow the rules and regulations.
He is an example for future legislators to follow in his footsteps.
The company will apply for a license to operate in the United States in the coming days.
Demikstar also told the story of Meirad Wankitkhoh Lyngdoh and Parad Pnan Mylliem who lived and settled in this area in Shyllong Market.
Marngar said the government's plan to bring the railway line to East Jaintia Hills District is to do politics to confuse the people after it has not been able to run the railway line to Byrnihat.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah S Pasleiñ DSP Headquarters said that drugs are widespread in Ri Bhoi and it is the wisdom of the youth to choose between good and evil. They should not succumb to temptation but should avoid the hills and rivers to escape the tyrsim of drugs.
Sadon also denied that there is any difference between the HNLC leaders. “They are united in whatever decision they take.
Restaurants and dairy stalls can be opened, but they should be taken home and not for public consumption and the shops that should be opened should be only those shops recognized by the government.
This happened at Baklagre village in Selsella on Tuesday night.
Speaking on the MLAs who have decided to leave the party, he said, “In Nartiang, Sniawbhalang Dhar, an IAS officer, Jopthiaw Lyngdoh, and Ngaitlang Dhar, an engineer, George Lyngdoh, have left the party. Ngait and George, in Mawsynram, IAS officer Himalaya Shangpliang fled.
They are not able to create a job for the good of the community, or to improve the welfare of their fellow citizens.
This team writing is a free game where people buy numbers from 1-1
Before this match, Rangdajied United were in fourth and fifth positions, with Rangdajied United leading Nangkiew with 9 points.
The drivers were interviewed thoroughly, while the drivers were selected blindly by the State Government. They don't know, but they shouldn't be like those who thlen in the polton bazaar.
Their deception was to end the civil war, while many lives were lost.
They said that the VPPs had gone to meet the government, but the government had spoken head-on and they had spoken one thing and answered another.
In East Khasi Hills, out of 656 cases, 24 cases in Dongjemrim, 11 cases in Golflink, 115 cases in High Risk Contact, 4 cases in Iewduh, 54 cases in Jaiaw, 26 cases in Laban, cases in Laitumkhrah, 6 cases in Lumparing, 9 cases in Lyngkhoi, 6 cases in Lumshyiap, 7 cases in Madanryting, 40 cases in Mawdiangdiang, 6 cases in Mawkhan, 5 cases in Mawklot, 9 people ha cases in Nongrim, 11 cases in Police Bazaar, 15 cases in Pynthor, 3 cases in Pynursla, 9 cases in Rynjah, 8 cases in Sohiong, 18 cases in Umpling, 15 cases in Upper Shillong and 8 cases in Wahingdoh.
Shillong: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on the morning of 23rd November 2022, suddenly appeared in Shillong. The foreigners have fled in fear and closed their shops.
Regarding the appointment of two Dy Chief Ministers, he said that this is not new but has been done in the past.
He said that the demarcation for Block I and Block II is different because these are not the disputed areas but the areas to discuss the return to Meghalaya.
“I'm not wrong, it's true,” said the mother. Time passed and she heard that exactly six months later, Peter came to Peter's mother's house and came in the same car. .
With the help of the bus drivers, the two fugitives were taken to the Jowai Police Station and after questioning, they confessed. They arrested the woman with the help of the sister of the woman who lodged a complaint with the police.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma has left for Nagaon to inaugurate the road connecting Gumutha Gaon and Maha Mrityunjay Temple to the NH3
Shillong: The Meghalaya Government has not yet received the No Objection Certificate (NoC) from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) regarding the railway line to Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 1: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JWW) has requested RTI from the education department of JHADC regarding the dismissal of the teacher of Moopyllait Syiar School, Bah Markatjuh Dkhar.
One of the students, who failed in Urdu subject, passed when the marks were reviewed.
“This is not a matter of land grabbing and the government should take a firm decision,” said Hek.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) beat East Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (STA) by 248 runs in their Zone 1 match of Group A on Saturday. The U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament was held at Umbuda, Nongpoh on Tuesday.
This is in connection with the death of Rosy Sangma at a hospital in Gurgaon on July 4 this year after she went for treatment there.
The Dorbar Shnong has warned that it is not allowed to burn hills within the boundary of the village so that the trees can grow within the boundary of the village and the two Community Reserved areas of the village.
“This will happen within this month.
Meghalaya is one of the states that needs more constituencies in the Assembly and Lok Sabha.
The program was conducted by the President of KSU Laitmawsiang Unit, Samla Shanboklang Lyngdoh.
This was announced by Samla S Nongkhlaw, Secretary, Upper Shillong Unit.
This does not mean that we are selfish, but strengthen our own before we fight with others.
Regarding the recent inspection of the Ïewduh, the CEM said that the District Council has also set up a committee to ensure the safety inside the Ïewduh and the surrounding villages and the cleanliness.
There is also a video showing that the Assam Government officials have destroyed many crops including trees in the fields of the Khasi-Pnar people.
The tournament started at 6:00 pm from Polo Ground Shillong.
Nongpoh, November 16: The Maitshaphrang LP School, one of the schools set up by the Khasi Students Union (KSU) in Jatalong, Raid Nongtung, Ri-Bhoi District, has increased in number of students. The leaders of the union yesterday also distributed the results of the students after they were prepared by the teachers.
At the beginning of the special session of the Council, the Speaker, Bah LG Nongsiej, announced that Bah Syiem, has resigned as CEM of the Council. how many minutes.
Jowai, Nailar 4: The Jowai Alto Tourist Association and the Jowai-Mowkaiaw Tourist Association have been evicted from the premises of the Jowai Traffic Cell after they failed to pay money to the Jowai Traffic Cell. you stand to throw people all the time.
Shillong, March 4: The Army in collaboration with the Assam Police have arrested three GNLA members, Cheg Cheng Marak, Lahen Marak and u Singsi Rbat.
“He is a man who has lived in poverty with the responsibility of raising, caring for and providing for his family and his brothers and sisters along with his father and mother.
He said that teachers of elementary and higher secondary schools will go directly to their respective schools, as usual, while colleges and higher secondary schools will plan online classes and other activities. related to their work.
On these planets there is not enough temperature or humidity because it is too hot or too cold and they are not suitable for humans to live there.
It is also alleged that the CEM of JHADC has violated the Office Procedure of the JHADC. The Finance and Accounts Officer (FAO) has been appointed.
The AIADMK, AAP and Shiv Sena congratulated the Indian government for the repeal of Article
Marian Hill H/S School vs Jaintia H/S School at 2.00 pm.
We the people should ask the candidates from different parties and those who stand on their own basis why they don't talk about these issues.
Nongpoh: Although the world is still calling for a clean environment in the villages and on the streets, it is still sad to see the spread of garbage up to the NH-6 road in Byrnihat, until it was noticed that this place has turned into a garbage dump for the residents of the villages in the Byrnihat area.
The great works that Babu Jeebon Roy has done for the Khasi country and people are indeed something that we all should be grateful and respectful for.
Speaking to Rupang, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem said he had no knowledge of the intention to remove him from the throne but only a few minutes before the order was issued, he said that he had no knowledge of the intention to remove him from the throne. got the information and left his office.
After his death, there was a mid-term election for the MP to the Lok Sabha, so his son Conrad K Sangma contested the mid-term election in place of his father. The Congress party candidate Dikkanchi D. Shira has won the election.
Hospitals in Shillong should be allowed to park local taxis from rural areas like West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills, Ribhoi district and other places as well as private vehicles.
A man who wanted to marry again for the fourth time, but unfortunately, his first wife found him and arrested him in court, while he was going to write. and this is the fourth wife.
In the complaint, she urged the police to immediately send a police team to release the child and to lead the CSWO members to report the child. The 11-year-old child was injured.
On the other hand, the Government, although it is not able to enact strict laws, it needs to create the mechanisms to be able to prepare for the protection of the people in the country. The Government has been able to increase the number of fish seeds in the state by increasing the number of fish seeds in the state. hang.
Today is the first time he has spoken and that too after many of the residents of the village have strongly condemned the rape of these two women.
The KSU leader said that if the government uses force or violence, it means that the strong members of the KSU will not hesitate to use force or violence against the government. .
Recall that during the rule of the British Government, the country was divided into two parts, one Khasi & Jaintia Hills District and the Khasi States or Hima Khasi.
The meeting unanimously requested the government to amend the Indian Christian Marriage Act by exempting those who use the Indian Christian Marriage Act, which is the law of the Government of India.
There have been many reports about Pastor Suting's revelation and in the past few days Rupang has tried to talk to Pastor Suting by telephone but could not get in touch with him because he was not able to talk to Pastor Suting. he is too busy to pray for people.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The protest in the Congress party has not ended yet, according to sources. The protest has continued until today. The AICC Secretary in charge of the state, V. Narayanasamy, has visited the state once again to reconcile with the Congress MLAs.
KAM Meghalaya has nominated three candidates including Angela Rangad from South Shillong, Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew from East Shillong and Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh from North Shillong.
Out of the 603 cases, 26 cases are in East Jaintia Hills, 7 cases in Khahnar, 6 cases in Mookympad and others.
On the same day, the village leaders also submitted a petition to the Minister for government scheme assistance for the provision of computers to the Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial LP & UP School.
Shri Mihir Shah, Member of the Planning Commission, Government of India, also gave comments.
“We will give two months to complete all the requirements to get this scheme and issue the ration card,” he said.
The PROGRESS scheme aims to ensure sustainable income for farmers through agriculture.
Bah K.D.Kharkongor Forty or forty years ago or more, we cannot forget how the name of rice cultivation in Ri Khasi was.
It has been seen and heard that in every village, especially in the rural areas, there is a movement to make their villages those villages that have all the outlets.
Regarding the arrest of these five persons, it is said that on receiving information about the abduction of the child, the police have followed up by questioning all the suspects involved. They have arrested two persons suspected to be involved in the incident and who have confessed to be involved in the incident. child.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the SNSBH today to discuss the government's plan to amend the Meghalaya Services (Conduct) Rules.
“We sought RTI on 12th July 2022, and found that many of the names of the residents appeared only as names but the money did not reach them, while the UC has already handed over but the people are in darkness because they have not received this money".
According to government data, the overall percentage of NPR registered persons is 2.89 percent.
The VPP wants to bring about job creation on accurate figures.
We strongly doubt that under their supervision this factory will survive no matter how much the Government improves.
Encouraging the youth to stand on their own feet without relying on government jobs, Bah Rymbui said that the government has opened up opportunities for the youth whether in agriculture, farming, tourism or civil society. lajong and others to help the youth of the state up to 5 lakh.
On the other hand, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, said that the police will arrest more Sengbhalang leaders who have been ordered by the court and will take action according to the order of the court.
This is the answer,” explained the mother.
The rainfall in different parts of the state in the last 24 hours is as follows –.
This year's tournament was inaugurated by Air Marshal K. Anantharaman, VSM, Vice Chairman, SMSES. Vikas Thakur and Gururaja Poojary, 2022 along with other leading leaders of SMSES. On the first day, Govt Model HSS Chandigarh and NCC played goalless.
The court said that it cannot be said that the heavy rainfall played a role in the road collapse, “but this happened before the start of the rainy season.
The trophy was unveiled by the Sordar of Raid Mukertila, Bah Phren Kongwang.
In the first leg of the match on 26th November, Nangkiew Irat managed to score 2-2 goals.
According to reports, Bah Khielang, while he was sleeping, heard that someone was breaking into his house, but when he woke up, the man entered the house and stabbed him from the door. until the smell came out.
He also spoke on the need to empower and strengthen the Gram Sevaks and to look into how to improve the working methods of the Gram Sevaks.
This is the right rhythm.
The village authorities will have to monitor and be careful about the movement and entry and exit of the youth inside the village.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today launched the newsletter of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission.
Speaking on the occasion, Ferdynald Kharkamni, recalled the fighting spirit of Syiem Tirot Singh, who never gave up even in the midst of many difficulties, but was brave and steadfast. even if it means sacrificing one's life for the sake of the nation.
He said that our country has many beautiful places which not only attract tourists but also leave others in awe.
Those students from Narpuh area who wish to receive the award, are kindly requested to submit their xerox copy of the mark sheet and certificate to the office of the organization. If you are interested in Lumshnong, please call 6009103554/8787897288/9862702117/6009655041 or send your email ID to ksunarpuh@gmail.com on or before 6/202/0 .
The posts include Constable (General Duty), 11 employees, 4 Constable Band, Constable (Motor Transport), Electrician, Carpenter, Mali and Many other jobs will be paid according to the salary of the 7th Pay Commission of the Government of India.
Jowai, Jymmang 21: U Nehemayah Tyngkan, the INC candidate from 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency, today in his election campaign at Barato Village, West Jaintia Hills, has expressed his main goal to work in the future. He said that he has a goal to improve these villages in 4-Mowkaiaw from income, education, trade and inheritance. The committee has promised to set up Zonal Development Committees to work through Zone-1 including Sanshnong, Barato, Mukroh, Saba and Maitdien.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that according to the rules, the test for Covid-19 in the state will be completed tomorrow. sun.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong, on Tuesday said that the trucks carrying coal are not illegal trucks but trucks that have been allowed by the state government to carry coal.
Khliehriat: The MPUF-EJHD (MPUF-EJHD) is surprised to see that even after the Supreme Court has banned the transportation of coal, the coal has been smuggled since the 15th of this month. Last month, foreigners from Silchar Assam came every day to East Jaintia Hills to look for coal and at night they loaded 12 to 14 shaka trucks at 1AM or 2AM. The union asks how these trucks carrying coal can escape to Malidor East Jaintia Hills because to reach Malidor they have to pass through Khliehriat Police Station, then Umtyr-A NGT checking point, then Umtyr. -A Government Bridge, then reach Lumshnong Police Station, then reach DMR Umkiang, then reach Umkiang Police Station, then reach Ratachara Infiltration and finally reach Ratachara Government Weight Bridge.
In her speech, the ADG congratulated and encouraged the winners who have worked hard in various sports.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, the Deputy Chief Minister, Bah P Tynsong, Dr LR Bishnoi, IPS, Director General of Police, DP Wahlang, IAS, Chief Secretary. , FG Kharshiing, IPS, MGT Sangma, IPS and others.
On the other hand, Bah Paul said that the government has not yet appointed any Chairperson to replace Kong Phidalia and the government has to look into the people before selecting them. as Chairpersons because after the past incident, the government has to look for people who have the spirit and determination to do the job.
“It has also been decided to completely eliminate the sale of pata kyaid in Iewduh, pla smugglers or mentuh,” said the CEM. .
We should see that the Election Commission will issue the minimum academic qualification and also conduct some kind of entrance/interview for those who want to contest the election to see if the person is qualified or not.
Israel was rich in all the wisdom of this age and God blessed her wonderfully.
Arnold Shadap took three wickets in four overs and was tied for 20 runs.
Speaking to media, HITO President Donbok Dkhar said that although the party has not yet completed the registration process, the party has found that the party has in Jaintia Hills, therefore, the Seng will not hesitate to come forward to expose this corruption.
Shillong, June 27: Up to 35 talented youths from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills have entered the first round of the Meghalaya Got Talent Competition to be held in Shillong.
Elizabeth George FMA, Provincial of Salesian Sisters, Shillong, to Sr.
You can order the heads of the children who are pure old, and you can order the heads of the children who have lost their clothes.
The winners of the Under-18 (girls) 200m were Himonki Khaii of West Jaintia Hills (00:00:29.46). 00:29.76) won the silver medal and Bateikhamkor Lyngdoh from Ri Bhoi (00:00:30.30) won the bronze medal.
The meeting will discuss the delay in the salary as well as to clarify the recent demand to the state government and other issues related to the SSA teachers. All SSA teachers, 4th teachers, chairman and secretary of school managing committees will attend the meeting.
This donation to the KJPSM School, Thangskai shows the commitment to improve the community besides the implementation of trade activities.
Prof. Shukla said regarding the improvement of accommodation and food at NEHU hostel, the administration has set up a committee to look into the demand and recently this committee has collected samples from 10 He said that they have informed the management about the food and drink and the farmers will be instructed to cook the food properly.
The funeral service will be held on the 21st of this month at 2:00 pm at the Presbyterian Church Mawsmai.
Shillong: After being screened at the film festivals in Delhi and Kolkata, the film Nabon will be screened in Guwahati at the Guwahati Film Festival to be organized by the Guwahati Cine Club. from the 7th to the 14th of this month.
MDC of the area and Deputy CEM of JHADC Bah Lasky Rymbai said on the importance of education, “Education makes a person strong, education is a weapon and a means of protection. that can change the whole world".
On the other hand, the employees of the National Highway Authority of India have fought as soon as possible to clean up the ground, trees and stones that have fallen on the road.
According to him, the question is what happened to the investigation as the former DC was dismissed the next day after the order was issued to start the investigation.
Only from the Lamin clan are the Lamin-Gadew, Lamih-Gadep, and Lamin-Gadiang clans.
Therefore, it is clear that the UDP's calculation is like a chance that maybe the money will be enough to form a government and it is understood that it is difficult to control the bills of the groups especially the members of the armed forces. The UDP bomb exploded at the house of the lion's sons, and the snow from the mombati flowed down.
Earlier, the Sengbhalang had met with SK Jain, Head of the Anti Infiltration Directorate, who heads the committee to find out the entry and exit points.
"Are these poems not enough to encourage and inspire us who are alive today? The reading during this Lent should encourage and inspire us.
Shillong, July 07 : The Public Health Engineering Department (PHE) has failed to obtain permission from the Mawphlang Hima to build a pumping station at a place adjacent to the Umïew River. The Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme Phase-III has not been completed yet.
“If I am elected as MLA within six months, I will build a garbage dump in Mynkjai in collaboration with the residents of Mynkjai and the District Council.
The sample was collected by Bethany hospital staffs and it’s come out positive from NEIGRIHMS laboratory.
It happened suddenly like a fire broke out across the villages in Manipur, including the villages, in which the houses of the people, especially the Kuki, were burnt down and hundreds were killed.
Albinus said that during the meeting with Lapang, he said, “Accept my resignation letter”.
The advent of YouTube has opened the way for many to have their own channels.
It is also hoped that the State Congress through the MPCC will pay special tribute to the MDA shooters who have thrown their spears to their side.
Speaking on the occasion, Philamon said that she has written many times to the village authority not to attack and use the land without the permission of the owner of the land but she has not listened.
A total of 75 members have resigned including 53 Longkmie of the Womens Wing.
Surprisingly, the JJM Portal, according to Hasan, also states that some of the money in the name of JJM (water supply) has been supplied to the households of Asikandi and others. the village has been destroyed.
Speaking to media after leaving the office of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Donboklang said that the government has allocated land to the CRPF for the purpose of building a new camp and relocating the police. from the four camps in Mawlai and its surroundings.
On the other hand, the contractors and employees of the PHE department have been able to explain and ask many questions, which have been explained by these officers.
Edward Thangkhiew, Assistant Secretary of the HNYF Northern Region, said that these villages which have expressed their concerns to the HNYF leaders when they need police forces from Ri Bhoi include Khlieh Umwang, Umlaper. , Sabuda which falls under Raid Nongtung and as it was reported that there have been many complaints from the people of this area but the police from Mawlasnai have not registered a case at all.
Informing that the State Government will now appoint a person who has no political affiliation as the new Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW), Bah Paul said that the Social Welfare Department will A Search Committee will be appointed to search for the new Chairperson.
Promotes the growth of the unborn child, it is rich in folate and other vitamins, such as vitamin A and vitamin B, which helps in the growth of cells.
In the semi final, Mawreng SC will face Umphyrnai SC at 2 pm while PFR Football Academy will face Mawlai at 3:45 pm.
Shillong: The Coordination and Welfare Committee of Shella Bholaganj Block and surrounding areas has lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya regarding the killing of two Hindi foreigners. Sushant Singh and Sujit Dutta in Ichamati, on 27th October 2024, in the morning and the committee demanded that the Prime Minister should immediately arrest those involved and pay compensation to them. families of the deceased and also to provide adequate protection to foreigners in Ichamati and surrounding areas.
It is better not to talk about the Roster (Retrospective) and Prospective, don't allow the political parties to bring the Roster because they have Think first of the Vote – bank.
Speaking to media, the MLA said that no exact estimate has been received yet but it is estimated that the loss is at least Rs 14 or Rs 15 crore especially in connection with the collapse of the roads in all parts of Jaintia Hills.
The vessel was repaired with the assistance of the Side Engineer who is constructing the In-Situ Dams on all the rivers flowing into the Myntdu River on the orders of NGT. They appealed to all to cooperate with the organization for the benefit of the fish in the Wah Myntdu so that it will bring joy to the people of the villages in the Wah Myntdu. around the city of Jowai.
“This is one way to empower women,” said the UDP General Secretary. He also criticized the opposition in KHADC, the PDF for misusing the Congress-led government in the state to accept. “We are against the dirty politics and power seeking of the opposition,” said Bah Dkhar.
People with disabilities on Thursday expressed their deep sorrow over the lack of transportation at the Soso Tham Auditorium. come to Shillong and especially to board a car when traveling east.
The winners of the 10 K women's and men's races received cash prizes of T.30,000, T.15,000 and T.5,0
The number of TB tests per 10 lakh people has increased from 646 lakh in 2021 to 1433 lakh in
It includes Eastern Khasi Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District and West Khasi Hills District with a population of 5.85 lakh.
Because this is the first time, the Police have imposed a small fine on those who do not have the HSRP number and this is also a warning to those who will continue to register the number. HSRP.The Police of Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that the search operation for those who do not have the HSRP number will continue from now on. Shillong: A serious accident has happened at Barik near Step By Step School at 4 pm this evening.
“The Citizenship Amendment Bill is not only for the North East, it is for every Indian.
Nongpoh: As part of the celebration of Road Safety Week, the Traffic Police in Ri-Bhoi, have held a rally in Nongpoh, which is one of the ways to raise awareness among the public on the need to think and discipline. while driving on the highway, in order to avoid any accidents.
Noting that NEHUSU has received many complaints from many students, Diengdoh said, “NEHUSU is pleased to have an awareness campaign on gender within the university for the benefit of students. students, faculty and staff.
The ANLA has announced that the new order will come into force from the 15th of next month.
The college is located on the east side of the Joysagar Tank and is about 5 km from Sivasagar village.
I know how difficult it is and I come from a poor family,” said Dr Mukul.
Nineteen members of a family were reportedly killed in an Israeli bombing in Gaza.
“The police should look after the law and order,” he said.
According to reports, Mrunal was supposed to act in Gumraah but was dropped from the film after Priyanka chose her.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Titos said that after the news of the increase in crime and theft in the market, he requested the cooperation of the Police and also convened a meeting of The meeting also laid the foundation stone for the construction of a three-storey market for the convenience of the people who come to sell their goods in the market.
Statellite Lapasam, Secretary of Mowtyrshiah Village Council, gave the blessings.
If this is true, we demand and urge the authorities to take action and provide medicines and ART treatment. public or social audit on the state of health and health care in the State, from the provision of medicines and health care facilities for all types of diseases in Public Hospitals in the State.
Khliehriat, Nailar 27: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) has strongly condemned two employees of Topcem, Arun Kejriwal (AVP) and Umesh Kumar (GM) Mine, for using insulting and insulting language. The protest on the day of the public hearing of Meghalaya Cement Lts at Thangskai village and the union alleged that it is because of them that there will be shooting and bombing of the people from children and women and children on that day.
The two employees of the bar were arrested for serving alcohol to the minor.
“On my part, I express my strong opposition because this will cause problems to the workers and contractors because this is only a disruption of the working methods of the PWD department and it is only a violation of the government. at least," Andrew said.
The Minister said that if the roads are bad, it will be difficult for the government to deliver development works to the villages and areas in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 8 : It is the first time that the UDP has won two seats against the NPP in just two days.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 6: Three villages in the Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Marshiang, Umïong and Mawdong, are located on the outskirts of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency. reached Mawdoh, Synnia and Nongthymmai.
The deceased was from West Khasi Hills District.
So this is like a double-edged sword and it's up to you how to deal with it," he added.
As an actress, Kareena feels that if the opportunity opens for her to act in Hollywood films, she will never miss it and she is happy that many Bollywood actresses have now had the opportunity to act in this industry. factory.
When the House met again in June, Prof Martin Majaw filed a complaint against the newspaper on the grounds that it had underestimated the price of the Nongmihkhmat.
As it is usual for Curative Petitions, there is no hearing inside the Court Room but only inside the Judges' Chamber, and only occasionally the Court allows such petitions to be heard inside the Court Room or outside. room of judgment in the court.
Shillong Police are seeking further information from Mumbai Police.
Checks worth T.1.25 crore were distributed to Yess Meghalaya, Green Meghalaya and SHG Movement.
Together, we have received 32 members from other Regional Parties, Independents and HPUs.
Other office bearers who have been elected are Bah Wandache Pyrbot Symbut Rangbah Shnong, Bah Joseph R. Warjri as Secretary and Bah Shane.
Declining to comment on the post-election alliance, Dr Kharlukhi said that until now, the party has the hope of ruling alone in the state.
Shillong, July 13: Preparations for the venue of the President of India's Public Meeting Droupadi Murmu near the Law Kyntang in Mawphlang have progressed till today. public meeting.
When it comes to our own nation, we have our own language, but the characters to write them were changed by the missionaries who came across the sea. The Khasi people, the puriskam and many other writings have appeared as a sign of their own new identity as a human being of the Khasi people in this country. page of the world.
The letter of announcement came after the students had already written the examination in the past few months.
In a statement issued by Forgive Dkhar, one of the coke owners (who has only 5% share) on 16 th Oct 2021, he said that the coke owners will take strong action against the ECC and all those who who can no longer breathe coke because he has lost all the documents issued by the government.
“It is better to trust in God than to trust in man” and urged that there is no difference if you choose anyone, if God has told you to choose, because he “Instead of no smoking, there should be no corruption,” said Tracious Mawlot.
Sandarmiki Lamare, resident of Nangbah, West Jaintia Hills, passed away on 4th January 2023 after a long illness.
According to the directive of the Central Government, the Government of Assam and Meghalaya has also taken action on this issue when the two states visited and signed a Memorandum of Understanding on 30th April 2022 between the Chief Minister and Assam and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya in the presence of Union Home Minister Amit Shah.
In the letter, the two parties congratulated the government department for its intention to amend the 6th Schedule and to ban MLA leaders from contesting the MDC elections. The Ar maloi Act in the state should be implemented from 1st October 2019, according to a statement from Bah Teibor Dkhar and Irene P Hujon.
The funeral service will be held on the 12th of this month.
Mawkyrwat MLA and Minister of PHE, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar today launched the MLA Scheme worth more than T.3 crore which includes 73 schemes including the 63 Special Rural Works Program ( SRWP) 5 from the  Chief Minister Special Development  Fund  (CMSDF),  3 from the  Intensive Arts & Culture Development Program ( IACDP ), one from the  Development of Traditional Folk Music (DTFM) and one of the Intensive Sports & Youth Development Program (ISYDP) for the year 2021/2
“According to the IMD, there will be about 22 earthquakes during this rainy season.
It is understood that this was due to a clash between the supporters of the NPP and the supporters of the Congress party.
India is part of many international platforms, and in all of them, it has taken its role to ensure that the entire world is safe.
The match on that day, although it was interesting, but due to the strength of the goalkeeping, it was lost but the players of both sides played hard from the beginning to the end.
The number of cases of corona virus in India has risen to 20,000 per day from tens and hundreds in October , at the time of the outbreak of the disease and it is remembered that in these months, that the disease, has entered Delhi, Kerala, Jammu and on 9th October 2020, we remember, that people, 16 foreigners.
Taiwan's Defense Ministry also welcomed the assistance from the United States to improve the security of the small island country.
Through this study, it is assumed that the spread of the disease, when it flies in the air or in the air, can spread beyond the distance of seven feet, which is set by the department. global health today.
At the same time, she urged them to inform immediately if they have any symptoms such as fever, chills and pain in the ring or breathing. /1077 or call the Help Line Number
“For these two markets, a Detailed Project Report (DPR) will be prepared,” the newspaper said.
This illegal quarrying affects the residents of these areas.
At the Dorbar held from 11 to 13 August 1924, Rev JJM Nichols-Roy spoke of the danger that the small Khasi Himas might be overthrown by the Hindu and Muslim leaders and said, “If I'm afraid, because our independent ways...our ways of thinking are different from other Indians...it's a the Khasi cannot be included with other Indians"
Fish Meal is 3500 tyngka to 3750 tyngka and Soyabean is 4510 tyngka in Khasi Hills and 4750 tyngka in Garo Hills.
Why does social media, many people are cheated by the power of money and others sometimes cause tragic incidents, all this is just because of jali ja um, of course not all you find will be so just to tip.
Learn why women are reluctant to talk about their feelings.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the visit of NDA Union Ministers to the state has a political conspiracy.
Media reported last month that the World Bank could approve $700 million in assistance to support and revive Sri Lanka when it meets again in July 28, of which the remaining $200 million will be for welfare programmes.
By the stripes of his blood he has healed us...... the Lord has laid on him all our iniquities.
He also informed that the Government will use electric vehicles to transport passengers from this parking lot to Daribok.
There are also Grand Masters who have been named to participate in this tournament.
Police from Mawlai Police station have launched an investigation to find out the cause of the fire. 13 vehicles were damaged in the fire.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mukroh has the necessary documents related to the boundary, we demand that the government should fix the boundary according to the necessary documents.
The picture was broadcast on the channel during Modi's arrival in the country for the G20 summit.
Up to 82 poor families including those with disabilities and those suffering from the lockdown to fight against COVID-1
In 2021, the festival was held from 2 to 4 November and was attended by TLC, The Isley Brothers, Tom Misch & Yussef Dayes, Sister Sledge, Candi Staton, Nubya Garcia, Kokoroko, The Brand New Heavies, Cory Wong and MF Robots.
According to the estimates, the population in rural areas has increased from 78.9 to 79.9 per cent in the state while in urban areas it has decreased by 1 per cent in the 2011 census from the 2001 census.
The second is retrograde amnesia and is divided into two parts, diect and indirect.
Shangpliang also referred to the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 which has already been passed in the Lok Sabha. “Conrad says all government ministers should go to meet Modi, what will you do now that the Bill has been passed in the Lok Sabha, if you care about the people why don't you go first to bring “What good is it now when the milk is hot on the floor? This is just an attempt to mislead and mislead the people,” he said.
The debate on the issue will be held on the 11th.
The finals of the tournament were held on Thursday at the First Ground of the Shillong Sports Stadium, Polo.
All government offices, Revenue and Magistrate Courts as well as schools and colleges in West Jaintia Hills District will be closed on this day.
In addition, the NABL Accredited State Laboratory was inaugurated on 29th November, 2022 to test the water.
With these three goals, Wahkaji has qualified for the semi final which will be played on the 23rd of this month at Umdohlun South West Khasi Hills District.
Ajay Tirkey, Secretary, Department of Land Resources, conducted the National Conference.
Police have remanded the four persons for 11 days for further investigation while the house of one of the suspects was set on fire and damaged by the crowd. rage.
All creatures acquire knowledge through interaction with others, although some of their characteristics come from the Mother.
“I also want to know how much revenue the government has collected from coal every year and I also request the government to mine coal according to science for the benefit of the state,” he said.
Satan was defeated when Jesus died and rose again and lives forever.
You do not need Aadhaar.
The order issued by Chief Justice S Vaidyanathan and Justice W Diengdoh said that an affidavit was sent on Tuesday explaining the functions of the four packages of this road. .
The KHADC has also banned Rangbah Shnongs, Myntri Shnongs, Sordar Shnongs, Headmans and Matabors from becoming members or taking part in any political party or any group participating in the political parties or to assist in the activities of political parties.
In the presence of more than 5,000 residents of East Garo Hills in the presence of the Minister of State for Housing and Urban Affairs, Kaushal Kishore.
This is the fourth time that the leaders of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) have conveyed their demands to the colleagues of Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh after she took over as the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Shillong, July 13: Three months after the new Legislative Assembly for the term 2023 to 2028, the Legislative Assembly has finally elected the Leader of the Opposition, when the Speaker appointed Bah Ronnie V. .Lyngdoh as Leader of Opposition.
In this regard, the Council has decided to send for all the repairs before the festival which is scheduled to be held in November this year.
This victory has been a great honor for the school and the state as a whole.
Not only that, it has increased the number of vendors from the other side of the road which has reached the point where even two people can walk on these footpaths which are designed for four or five people. once walked.
Members of FKJGP Rambrai Circle accompanied the magistrate to the scene, where it was found that there were two machines to be used in the cultivation of ramew, one puh shilum and one puh shilum. equipment such as metal pipes for use in underground submersion.
Jowai, March 25: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Tuesday at Nangbah Stadium. Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
“I'm going to Shillong.
We will wait and see whether they keep their promise and pay us what they have promised,” said NGEA President Brithen Sangma.
“We used to receive shares from the State Government such as minor and major mineral tax and motor vehicle tax.
Shillong: A group of temporary employees of the Meghalaya Electricity Corporation Limited (Me ECL) under the auspices of the Meghalaya Progressive Workers Union (MePWU) The meeting was held to discuss the long-standing demands of all the employees from across Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills from the electricity department of the state government. to fully appoint them.
Mtr.
In some countries they are left for about 10 or 12 years; in other countries they leave only three or four years.
Living said that besides being expelled from the party, Asirshon continues to cut down trees from the Kur Forest where he has sold lakhs of rupees. the state government has given him permission to cut down trees from the forest.
We should keep 'A' and 'B' separately, because the offspring of 'A' and 'B' are not better than 'A' or 'B'
They were identified as Eldikinstar Sohtun and T James Seiminthang.
He said that the presence of candidates like Bah Teibor will help the party to win the upcoming elections alone.
He said sports also teach how to recover from defeats and come back stronger.
Although the PDF leaders have declined to comment on the matter, the news may have come true because the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also the NPP leader, has agreed. you don't have to change your mind in the state.
Kardius Syiemlieh is the son of Denis Nongsiej who was shot dead by the Assam police in Langpih on 14th July
The Tournament Committee of the SSA has announced that the women's tournament will continue on the 3rd of November.
She said that according to the rules of procedure of the party, the chairman is the best person to talk to.
On receiving the information, the police together with the Bomb Squad rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation to find out the cause of the blast.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills has risen to 1,2
Speaking as the chief guest, Minister of Forest and Environment, James PK Sangma, congratulated and congratulated the residents of Narwan under the leadership of Waheh Shnong Ma Lamsuk Langstang who have worked together with the Institute of Natural Resources, Meghalaya to plant Citronella and other soil improvement plants.
Petrus is an example of dedication, because regardless of his own life, he was willing to rescue this child despite the rising water," he said.
They were taken away at 6:30 pm and then taken to Mawngap Police Station and after two hours they were taken back to the HYC office at Mawlai Nongkwar.
Applications should be addressed to the Member Secretary, District Selection Committee, Khliehriat.
The two illegal coke factories that were destroyed are M/S Halari Coke Plant in Sutnga District and M/S Shauryansi Coke Plant in Sutnga District.
“Only those who are born alive can get this money,” he said.
At the same time, it was requested that the State should be exempted from this Act.
It is through this contribution that Rev. (Dr).
But we don't know what the government will do on the recommendations of that committee. If it is delayed, it means that the people can come out again to demand that a decision should be taken as soon as possible.
At the same time, the Seng demands that the members of the Seng should be investigated, who are spreading rumors to intimidate the people.
Regarding the C&RD Block which was supposed to be opened since 2014-15 in Namdong village where even the land has been donated to the department for the convenience of the people of this area, but until now It has not been achieved even though the people should have received it compared to the distance and population of this area.
No matter what happens (such as earthquake, hurricane, volcanic eruption, war or disease) the farmers will survive and will continue to feed us.
Shillong, July 3: Leaders of the Sur Ka Bri u Hynniewtrep (SBH) on Thursday demanded that the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) should announce the The report of the investigation into the shooting death of Bah Cheristarfield Thangkhiew on 13th July,
If GST is imposed on the right to speak, it means that the right to speak, which is the fundamental right, will also be taken away.
He has served as Minister of Finance, Minister of Development, Minister of Health, Minister of Education and Minister of PWD. The Government of Assam is still fighting against Covid
Man needs to purify himself and his soul.
The cause of her death was reported to be COVID-19 pneumonia and diabetes and hypertension.
DS Dkhar, when asked by the CEM on the recruitment of employees of this office, whether there are any advertisements from this office and also interviews for the employees here, while On the other hand, Rymbai said that he did not have it.
This department is still in its infancy in the state although it started some time ago through the work of private individuals and villages.
The Nongthymmai Sports and Cultural Club, Shillong on Saturday launched its Platinum Jubilee Celebrations at Nongthymmai Square.
Rapid breathing in children aged 1-5 years more than 20-30 times per minute is dangerous and the child should be taken to a health care provider immediately.
Earlier, there were posts on social media on 7th June saying that the GNLA has revived.
When asked whether any of his relatives at that time came to pick him up, he said, “No one knows from home, I left alone, they said I was released but they said I had to come. appear again on the 1st," he said.
He said that the ban on the sale of beef will continue as announced from tomorrow and will continue until the battle is won and the authorities take action.
Modi will be in Delhi while Amit Shah will be in Hubli, Karnataka, where he is campaigning for the state assembly elections next month.
“We are pleased that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised that the government will create more jobs at this college,” said JSU President Bah R Parein after meeting with Prof RC Laloo.
Almost every day the association has been receiving complaints from farmers on kilo cutting.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Aman said that his decision to contest the upcoming elections is based on his view of the situation in the state in terms of rule of law.
He said that as a Sengbhalang leader, many times have been spent in jail but when you enter politics, you must have a change according to the situation.
Many of the people and leaders in the society have pointed out the fact that only the UDP, VPP and Congress have the right to become prime ministers. others are not yet court.
“For my part, to implement this scheme, I have had to monitor this from the level of the Prime Minister,” he said.
If they are unable to advise and show the right path according to their ability, they should seek the help of their family members or elders, religious leaders and many such advisors and teachers who can. counsel their children from the evil around them and to walk in the right way.
He said that so far 34 road projects have been implemented in the region with a length of 1001 kilometers at a cost of T.10,000 crore.
“We have decided that the government will set rules to punish those who violate the law in polluting the roads.
This is indeed sad and we should stand against it, especially when they have started to pass laws immediately.
This man of sin is a religious man who comes in the form of a religion (Jewish religion).
In other matches, Chipakkore FC won the first victory in Group-D and Seven United won the second victory in Group-C. Atong Matgrik FC beat Atong Matgrik FC 5-2 in Group-D at Chandmari Stadium in Tura.
(4) The Hima Khasi-Jaintia shall renew the agreements relating to the Government or company in any field whether in the administration of khadar or workplaces and others.
The employees who have been dismissed from the department in Byrnihat include Subita Lapang and Hundalin Warjri, said Bah BB Makdoh.
· Account Aggregator (AA) Framework:The Account Aggregator (AA) Framework of India aims to strengthen India's data security by allowing individuals and companies to share their data with their consent. this through a digital consent platform.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow, the 11th, before 12 noon, according to the rules.
Besides the Umkhrah River, which is in the bloodstream of the country, there are many other rivers in different parts of Khasi Jaintia Hills which need to be rehabilitated; the Lukha River in East Jaintia Hills and others, which the government should take action to save them from death.
The ceremony began with the Ryngkaw sacrifice, followed by the Chad Iung - the dance to the rympei houses of the children of the Raid with the sound of bombs, tangmuri and others to pray with the suit ka shor.
Custom: In the Khasi custom, those who are married, the men go to the woman's house.
On the opening day of the tournament, Classic SC played against Thiang Thiang Fc.
He explained on the theme “Groundwater: Making invisible visible” by saying that according to UN data, groundwater provides drinking water. About 40% of the world's water needs for agriculture, about 33% of factories use groundwater and water availability in India it consists of now 16 – 17% contains only about 4% water.
The East Khasi Hills Police together with the Health Department will continue to crack down on those who smoke in public places or sell tobacco within 100 yards of schools. College.
On the other hand, the union warned that if the maintenance of the roads and bridges is delayed, the union will not hesitate to take a tougher path, because the union cannot just listen and Look at the problems faced by the people in coming and going which has caused problems to the people especially in transportation and illness.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Raj Biswa scored 100 runs for Meghalaya in the third match of the Ranji Trophy Plate Group Final against Hyderabad today.
To elect the people to be the Saiñ Hima Sima who will rule the Shnong, Raid, Ilaka and Hima, only those people who know and understand the Jaitbynriew, power, rank, duty of those rulers.
The disease is reported to appear all over the body, in the ears, on the trunk, on the thighs and around.
The Seng also acknowledged that this area has now become a place of various crimes supported by these illegal residents.
He also urged the Dorbar Shnongs to involve the less members in the village activities as they too have the ability as God has given them.
Jesus came to earth to proclaim the good news and to give hope.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Grevile Kharlukhi, AGM NABARD, Director of JHDS Fr.Manbha Pakem, President of KHUBLEI Germany Garhart Albert, Program Associate of Caritas India Sir .
“I have just retired as a government employee and what I have learned from my job, I want to bring into politics to make the state a beautiful place as I fought for from the beginning”.
“There have been good results but there are also those who have gone on their own,” said Pastor Reuben. the city and Capernaum.
“Corruption in this state has destroyed the family and the society,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Kurbah admitted that he had made a mistake because of his trust with Hamlet, but the Secretary Shnong, JR Mawlong, who was present with the Sordars of neighboring villages, said that he had made a mistake. KSU members said that although the sordar has admitted that it was a mistake, the village authorities have suspended him and confiscated the seals and documents. deafness.
At these VHC centres, doctors and nurses come to examine and treat especially the poor women who need iron tablets and vitamins.
Shillong: There have been 28 cases of COVID-19 in the state today, 19th March 2020, and those who are still undergoing treatment in the state are There were 2,069 cases.
He said that there is also a need for a storage facility and the government will look into the non-functioning of the farmers market at 7mer and also the storage facility at Mawiong market.
The debate was called – “Whether it is better to be a master at work or better to be a servant”.
“The NRC will be necessary to curb the illegal infiltration of mynder, this will also help to know who is a full citizen living in the state,” said Bah Sadon.
The truck, a 14 wheeler, was carrying coal from Khliehrangnah.
The Government should not spend from our TAX payers every day, take care of the poor.
However, the price is lower than the fish imported from other states.
In Umiam, the rainfall was 57.6mm today, while the rainfall was 0.4mm today.
There are 15 cases in Jaiaw, 9 cases in Laban, 4 cases in Lower Mawprem, 4 cases in Nongrah and 47 cases in Upper Frame 6 pieces.
“The government says that there is no revenue, but even yesterday tens of lakhs of revenue, they said to bring casinos to get revenue for the state, but the revenue of the state is deposited in the plate,” he said. they buy buildings, buy houses and build office buildings and this is according to our findings”.
The world knows only about him.
He also expressed words of appreciation for the spirit of hard work, despite many many challenges that the organizers had to face through the years.
“What I am sad about is that these children now that they have grown up and have reached over 24 years since 2000 when they did not go to school, they have asked their parents why we are so poor and the answer from the parents “It's not like we've been misled,” said Prestone.
Denying that the BJP had anything to do with the RSS as alleged by the Congress, Alphonse said the Congress had passed the Prohibition of Conversion Act in 1968 and also in
This is the information given by the state government today to the judge appointed by the NGT to investigate into the coal smuggling.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the KSU and FKJGP, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, to express their opposition to the plan to take over the land of the army in Umtyrnga area.
The purpose of this Bill is to regulate the identity of the Kur, to maintain the system of counting the Kur, the only jait, to register the Seng Kur, so that the Kur Seng can issue a certificate of jait and to receive the “The Khasi tribe is for the Scheduled Tribe, so we want this Bill to become a law to govern the long kur long jait so that it doesn't disturb the family and the needs and to be the Kongsan of the mother of the household,” said the President. Where.
Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira, in the presence of other MLAs including Jim Sangma, Thomas A Sangma, Brening Sangma, Rupert Momin and Pongseng. Great.
It is also alleged that Phabiang Kharbani threatened his sister when she wanted to go to get medicine and prevented her from selling the goat just to get money to go. They took the medicine but with the spirit of compassion and knowledge, the buyers took the Blang to get money for the woman.
"There is a need for dialogue to resolve the ambiguity," he said.
Other MLAs of these parties are Chairman in the NPP-led government. The question that many people ask is, why do these two Riewlum parties listen to the demand? not only from the VPP but also from the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia and especially the youth.
All the Khasi who lived in this area were filled with fear and every moment they were in fear after receiving the order.
“As the state still has to review these amendment recommendations, let the matter come back to the court in three months, where it is also hoped that the parties on both sides will resolve the issue. “This is a pending case to end immediately, which has been pending for a long time,” said the court.
Referring to the issues of the election, Angela said that their campaign in the election is against corruption in the state, which has decreased by three percent. Because of the presence of people who have taken away the power of the people, who are corrupt and misuse the power by doing illegal acts.
In 2002-2003, the Cabinet decided to recognize these land by signing a social agreement with those who build illegal houses so that the land will belong to the government and will be signed by giving a lot of land. phew years that they shall live.
He said that the presence of such exhibition markets has given a lot of opportunity to the groups that produce such products from their villages.
This is according to a statement sent by Samla Diber Shabong, President HYC Nongkseh Unit.
In this case, there is nothing wrong with that.
Therefore, on Tuesday, all shops will be closed from 6 pm to 6 pm and if they do not allow us to open, we will hold an indefinite strike,” said the President. you are, UT Nariruddin.
“In this regard, we strongly request you to take legal action, and that the evidence on these allegations lies with the person who made these statements,” said the VPP leader. you have filed a complaint.
Sanjay Yadav started with 2/14 off four overs, Akash Kumar Choundary with 1/18 and Aditya Singhania with four overs with 1/2
Dol Dan alleged that the child came late from school and shot the child.
There are still many villages which do not have roads.
Shillong, June 30: All the people of the state think that the Nongmihkhmat are the employers and employers of the unemployed children but it is not true.
“When the government opens or creates a Block or Civil Sub Division or a district, the youth of that area are happy to have the benefit of getting jobs,” said Dr Donkupar.
The government needs to establish a special department to look after health through a clean environment.
It is to be recalled that the purpose of the Mawbyrsiew group is to improve the skills of the youth, as well as to raise funds for the village and the Sports Club.
The union also learned that the SRT department has only 14 employees to work in the whole of Lum Khasi-Jaintia while their work is 24 hours a day.
Three MLAs from three constituencies in West Khasi Hills; Mawshynrut, Nongstoin and Rambrai-Jyrngam have lost their seats after the results were announced on Friday.
WJHDCA beat East Khasi Hills Cricket Association by 9 wickets in the U-14 Girls Inter District Cricket T20 This was held at Nongpyndeng, West Khasi Hills, today.
Naya Nagar Police have arrested a husband for cheating on his wife and family members under sections 498 of the Indian Penal Code (section 498). 377 (forced marriage), 406 (distrust of husband), and 500 (defamation) and Sections 66 and (c) of the Information Technology (IT) Act.
Shillong, July 17 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday morning met with the President of the Republic of Meghalaya, Droupadi Murmu at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
It is about 5 feet tall.
Rupang has spoken to some parents of school children, who expressed their surprise that the government does not pay salaries to computer teachers in schools despite the fact that it has included this subject as a subject. compulsory.
Shillong, Iaiong 27: A 20-year-old woman has been left by her husband after he saw a picture of her having sex with another man while he was in the house. I'm going to Guwahati.
Many of these employees of these various parties have joined the UDP because they have seen the work of the UDP and also the humility of the candidate whom the UDP has nominated from the 5 Sutnga Saipung constituency.
He said that the Mawsor clan is indeed a fortunate clan that their ancestors have been able to hold the thymmei which preserves the heritage of their ancestors.
So work and career opportunities are like two sides of the same coin.
The 186th birth anniversary of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, was celebrated and honored amidst festivities across the state, especially in this land of Hynniewtrep.
If it does not implement this, they will not hesitate to take to the streets to protest.
"The Minister congratulated the villages who have supported and cooperated in many of the activities introduced by the State Government especially during the outbreak of COVID-19 and others. de support in the improvement of villages, cleaning of rivers and streams and others.
Almost immediately the rooster chased each of the hens, climbing on the body to do it by force.
The three ANMs were honored with momentos and gifts.
“We have directed the Chief Engineer to meet with the contractors to understand the problem they have faced and we hope to resolve this problem as soon as possible.
“If the foreigners arrested with petrol from Nongmynsong were released like that”.
The Executive Secretary of JVHAM, Eudora Warjri, said that the use of drugs these days is also among women and this is very worrying.
Not only that, after scoring 10 goals, Pyngdengrei FC were encouraged and had several chances to score the first goal of the match but these opportunities were not wasted due to the strength of the defenders. Nongpyndeng and at the end of the match Pyndengrei had to lose.
“We know and see every day the rapid spread of Coronavirus, which frightens us, but the right to take this opportunity to announce the curfew is something. impossible", said the shopkeepers.
To expedite the implementation of the Act, the KHADC under the leadership of CEM Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem and officials of the World Bank have met with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. and the Ministers to discuss this Act and especially since the Ïewduh is under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem.
The issue of using buses to transport school children has been discussed for decades.
Throughout the meeting, several candidates including the UDP candidate from Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, the NPP candidate from Jirang, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, the NPP candidate from Umsning, Jason Mawlong, TMC candidate from Umroi, George B. Lyngdoh, BJP candidate from Nongpoh, Marian Maring and HSPD candidate from Umsning. The final decision will be taken on 2nd October 2023 who will be elected from among all the candidates in the four constituencies. The Fear.
This was achieved through the women's cricket team after India beat Sri Lanka by 19 runs in the final.
The players wear only juti but and muja, but their numbers are also painted in colour, on their budlum.
Not only in Nohkalikai, the journalists have heard the complaints of the vendors but the same problem has been faced by the vendors at Mawkdok Bridge. She said that the number of tourists has decreased significantly.
The singer, who is famous for his hit songs “Beautiful Girls” and “Fire Burning”, will come to surprise the State with two concerts on the night of 30th and 31st November. end in 2023.
The Bible was written not only in one place but in different places and at different times.
At the same time, Sanmiet said that the KSU has also suggested that the College should implement the admission of students by submitting forms online.
“We have a great reason that this year we have laid the foundation stones to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the independence of our state. I want to celebrate the 50th anniversary with you the people,” said Bah Metbah.
Others accused in the same corruption case, including Mondal's former assistant Sehgal Hossain and chartered accountant Manish Kothari, have been detained in the same jail.
JL Das President and J Malakar Secretary, while explaining to several newspapers and online media, said that the government should provide personal protection equipment (PPE) to these employees and provide training. to wear and to remove, after burning the person infected with Covid
There are other cases, where the applications received from the PCB, however, did not appear to have any applicable laws regarding the building, the design of the building or any other restriction.
The CEM said that the purpose of the Amendment Bill or to amend some of the provisions of the Fisheries Act is also to empower the villages to work with the council to prevent the fisheries. pollution of rivers as well as wells.
Some of the candidates may have been pastors in the past, but now that they have moved to another state, they are no longer pastors.
We have already visited many places and we will visit Umsamlem, Sohiong, Umsning, Mawhati and others.
Referring to the NPP's election of Bah Ransom Sutnga as the candidate from North Shillong, Prestone said that because he knows well that he is a person who has the strength and knowledge to become an MLA. “We are ashamed of the words Mawkhar and Jaiaw because there are many intelligent people who have a lot of intelligence, but now we see that North Shillong is only in the Assembly and we see also in the field of shiphut,” said Bah. Preston.
By children who have to go through the law, it refers to those children who steal, murder and sexually abuse.
There are 87 recoveries, including 44 from East Khasi Hills, 18 from West Jaintia Hills, 10 from East Jaintia Hills, 8 from West Garo Hills and 3 from East Garo Hills. 2 cases from North Garo Hills, 1 case from Ribhoi District and West Khasi Hills.
These include EGH: 01, EJH: 8, EKH: 90, RBD: 27, SWGH: 2, SWKH: 15, WGH: 11, WJH: 13 and WKH:
Khimmusniang Sports Club scored 197 runs in 35 overs for the loss of nine wickets.
Law enforcement agencies have charged Bolsonaro with incidents and clashes in the Palace, Congress and the Supreme Court in July this year.
In addition, the part will be adapted to the year 1962 and others who will take part include Cate Blanket, Rihanna, Helena Bonham Carter, Sarah Paulson, Awkwafina, Mindy Kaling and Anne Hathaway.
These are the things which defile a man's heart" Matthew 15:18-1
The Seng has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner that during his inspection on 26th November, 2018, he found that there are hundreds of foreign trucks without proper documents. come earn local to this area.
Ms Ampareen said that nurses are very important in the society and the government needs to create the mechanisms for the recruitment and also to relocate them from their place of work. from one place to another.
Lajong will prepare for their next match against GTC on 27th November.
In the women's category, Happines Phawa won the first prize while Monlangki Kyndait and Mini Kyndait of Mihmyntdu won the second and third prizes respectively.
In Meghalaya, not only is corruption rampant, but the most terrible is the discrimination and discrimination in employment.
The approach shows that the department wants to punish those who criticize the government.
Shillong, Jymmang, 21: The State Government has decided to expand the delivery of medicines by drones to deliver medicines to 25 villages which are most difficult to travel.
“We will try to complete it by the 15th of July but we will complete it within two months,” he said.
She said that on the day she went to apply for the ticket, she was accompanied by many HSPDP leaders from Nongstoin Area.
Shillong, Jymmang 01 : Dozens of leading leaders of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, UDP candidate from Sohiong, have joined the NPP at a meeting held at Umtyrñiut on Tuesday.
According to a statement from the KSU Jowai Circle, “At about 12 pm this night, a clash broke out between the members of the KSU Jowai Circle and the Meghalaya government officials at the Civil Hospital, Jowai. to hand over the body of the Assam police (who was involved in the shooting death of Khasi in Mukroh) to the Assam police”.
Speech was also delivered by SD Das Youth Employment Officer.
He also urged the residents to take action in providing cooperation for the welfare and safety of the villages.
Regarding this finding, the committee said that all this is due to the lack of responsibility of the health workers from doctors, nurses and irresponsible employees.
Shillong: The FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District through the FKJGP SEBA Circle in collaboration with the FKJGP Lama Unit, distributed food items to 31 poor households on 05th July 2021 who were affected by the floods. wan lynshop you sword.
On the number of opposition to their decision, Himanta said, “The expression of opposition is not only from the opposition from Meghalaya, but also from the opposition from Assam. I have already replied that these are the lands that belong to India and as Indians we have almost reached the point of resolving them and we should not want to start again”.
In fact, they have done it without thinking carefully just to get their job done without thinking carefully about what will affect the quality of education in our state.
The East Jaintia District Cricket Association (EJDCA) invites clubs to participate in the Open To All Cricket Tournament to be held on the 29th of June.
The answers to these questions have been published in many newspapers.
M Pakyntein said that the children who attend the school are from poor families (BPL) and she requested the government authorities in charge of schools and education to take action to do not harm the students of this school.
The Meitei make up 53 percent of Manipur's population and live in the Imphal area, while the indigenous people, including the Naga and Kuki, make up 40 percent. It is located in the state of Manipur.
Bernard's actions are not misuse of money or vehicles but other illegal activities that have been detected by the law enforcement authorities,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Vandana Katariya, who became the first Indian player to complete 300 caps, has been elected as the captain.
On the other hand, the AAP-Congress alleged that the election chief, Anil Masih, forged the ballot papers to win the BJP mayoral election.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Bonifila Shullai, one of the youngsters of the area, has been named in the list of 23 players. to represent the country at the SAFF U16 Women's Championship to be held in Lalitpur, Nepal from 1st to 10th October.
According to the Draft Constitution of India, the Sixth Schedule states that the Khasi & Jaintia Hills District is one of the Autonomous Districts within Assam.
"The bus was traveling on the Kandahar-Herat road when it hit a Taliban bomb, killing 34 people and injuring 17 others," spokesman Muhibullah Muhib said. of the Farah State police.
The Chief Minister said this after responding to a question raised by the MLA of Sohra, Bah T.W.Chyne.
He said that the residents and civil society groups have opposed the expansion of the mining project as it will affect the environment and pollute the Lukha River and will also affect the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary nearby. mining was proposed.
Niwanshan Sajem scored the first goal for Shangpung Moosyiem in the 40' and Jomsing Pariat scored for Mookyndur in the 54'
The Deputy Commissioner, Cum Chairman of the District Health Society, Bah E Kharmalki, after finding that many of the residents have not completed the second or 2nd dose of vaccination to prevent the spread of COVID-1 He urged everyone to come forward to get vaccinated at the nearest health centers and also to register with COWIN to set the date for vaccination.
The War Jaintia Students Union (WJSU) on Tuesday lodged a complaint against the increasing power outages and deterioration of the bridge at Lakroh connecting Muktapur Borkhat village on the Bangladesh border.
In this regard, about 15,000 pilgrims have been stranded in Jammu and other places.
These passengers, who have reached the atmosphere above the Earth, will experience the stinging of their bodies for 3 to 4 minutes before returning to Earth. .
Another decision taken at the meeting was to promote trade between the two sides of the population in the area for economic benefits.
Therefore, the village leaders have not refused to close down the garbage dump of the company.
The final match was played yesterday between Sun Utd 3mer Upp.
When the JSM members arrived at Khanduli village, the District authorities of West Jaintia Hills together with the police blocked the road for the JSM members. Magistrate.
Dr War said that the statement of the Director of NEIGHRIHMS, is to show that he knows, but from his statement it is clear that there is no information on this matter.
Speaking to media, Rani said he had sought information through the Right to Information (RTI) regarding the construction at Lumsohpetbneng through a scheme from the Ministry of Tourism. of the central government.
Angel Jones composed the songs for the country, Rev. Dr. John Roberts composed the song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi I love you.
It is therefore prohibited to transport pigs to these areas within a distance of 10 kilometers, and it is also prohibited to slaughter pigs or sell sohsniang in these areas within a distance of 1 kilometer.
“Mauricio is the best coach in the world and has held many records.
Joel Gatphoh Memorial Synod Hr.Sec.School (WKHD) beat Telikali Sec.School (SGHD) 10-0
Gino A. Sangma of NEHU tied for 62 off 24 balls while Manish Kumar of MHRD took a wicket in four overs for 11 runs.
Shillong: Police from the Excise Department together with the HNYF Nongthymmai Unit, raided and seized drugs and alcohol from Happy Valley area on the evening of 19th March
Referring to Article 1 of the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act, 1973, Bah Syiem said that this Act clearly states that the building bylaws shall apply on Council land only if the Council approves them. accept it.
However, this cannot be stopped because the drug traffickers have been able to smuggle drugs to the villages and branches of Shillong and even to other villages and branches of different districts. diverse.
Little can be said here that everyone should ask themselves about the prevalence of these crimes which have seriously affected the peace and order in the society of the state.
Speaking to reporters after the hearing, the Muktiar of Bah Pynshngaiñ, Bah VG Kynta, said that the case has been heard on PIL No.3 2014 before the Full Bench of the Court. CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that MLAs cannot hold office at the same time as MDCs, as it falls under the revenue office.
According to the Commission, even after the Commission has convened an inquiry in Assam in recent months, there has been no written report from the Meghalaya government till date.
After winning the toss, Arunachal Pradesh failed to tied first and scored 325 runs for the loss of six wickets in 90 overs and will tied again on Tuesday.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Jason Sawkmie Mawlong MLA Umsning Constituency as the chief guest, Pa'iem Wanphrang Syiem Sirdar of Nongpoh District as the guest of honour. Vice Chairman of the Meghalaya Planning Board, Village Leaders and other dignitaries.
In Jaintia Hills, the number of voters was 2,09,217 while in 2009 it was 1,65,1
To demand the implementation of the nine demands, these leaders under the banner of 'Save Hynniewtrep Mission', a group of four Bhalang organizations in the state including HYC, HANM, CoRP, The EJNC and JSM today held a public meeting at the Umsning Town Durbar Auditorium, Umsning to explain to the people on the 9 outstanding demands of the Umsning Town Durbar Auditorium, Umsning. claimed the state government.
In fact, if they think of the people of Meghalaya, they should have given their demand even if there is no BJP in this state,” he said.
Bah Pual Lyngdoh said that the MPSC and DSC should reform their working methods as it has created distrust among the people and especially among the youth as those who get jobs are only the rich. and those who have a relationship with the great and the small.
There is also a female MLA here, recently she came to Langpih, many Puri people think that she is an MLA from the Assam border, she knows what she means, she knows about these things. Therefore, the MLA will raise this issue in the Ing Dorbar, in order to revive this issue.
He also urged the awarded athletes to work hard and prepare themselves well to lead and win medals in the NorthEast Olympic Games to be held in March-November. u year.
He served as a missionary in Ri Khasi for more than 37 years.
The MSOA, together with the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government, has prepared a detailed explanation on all the preparations for the National Games. 11 October 2023 at Padma Shri and Arjuna Awardee Dr.PT Usha, Kalyan Choubey President, Secretary General, and at Amitabh Sharma, Executive Council Member, and Chairman, GTCC – 37th National Games, Indian Olympic Association, by John F Kharshiing, Working President, in the presence of Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri, Vice President, Meghalaya State Olympic Association, who was present on the occasion through the Archery Federation of India, at the Special Annual General Meeting of the Indian Olympic Association. The meeting was conducted by Dr.PT Usha, President, IOA. At this meeting, the President, IOA said that the office bearers have just taken over the IOA and the goal is to work hard to make them National Games as allocated to the States and to hold annual Games to complete the National Games as allocated in Goa, Chattisgarh, Uttar Pradesh and Meghalaya.
They were arrested from Badarpur, Karimganj, 26, and Katigorah, Silchar, Cachar, Assam. Police have registered a case against them. The NDPS Act is available at Sardar Police Station.
Preeti said that the competition will be open to all participants without any age restriction.
Hundreds of people in the YMCA and surrounding areas continued to throw stones at the police, while the police fired tear gas at the crowd.
“Not at all but I will hunt for yours, I will hunt for the future of the youth, I will hunt for the honor of the nation and that will start from January 23," Mr. Ardent said.
Shillong, March 02 : The Mawkynrew Cup on Saturday last month was held at Thangsning Stadium.
( See also page -8).
“The complex is almost complete except for the entrance, the road and the parking lot where the construction is ongoing,” said Hamlet Dohling.
Shillong: The Rot Association of Meghalaya (RAM) is looking for a Publicity Secretary for the association, who will be a person who will handle the internal and external affairs of the association. skills in writing and compiling documents and viewing or reporting and responding to documents in the media.
Earlier, she said that during the outbreak of COVID-19, she came forward with her colleagues to help people when they are in urgent need.
The question is: what kind of blessing can we receive in addition to this? Is there anything else besides this that can sustain and give life from the poor to the rich? Is there anything else in the world where we can make money without having to pay or spend? Is there any way that can be passed from the past to the present and to the future? Is there any human wisdom or ingenuity that is still able or equal to the power of nature in its ability to meet the needs of each creature? When we turn to Umngot for the blessings it has given, if it doesn't have the power of God that God has given it, we think that all these things it has done in society would not have happened. for by the wisdom of man it is impossible to obtain such benefits as these.
"During the five days of the Regatta, besides the boat race, there will also be concerts on the 29th and 30th of June, which will be attended by the richest people. from the state, along with many singers from the country and the world.
New Delhi, Jymmang 07: The Interim Budget 2024-25 tabled in Parliament on 01st June, 2024, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that four budgets need to be reviewed. social sectors for the poor, women, youth and farmers.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Chief Secretary, HYC President Robert June Kharjahrin said that the demand of the HYC to revise the Office Memorandum (OM) of the Roster System is due to the is in conflict with the terms of the Reservation Policy.
“The main objective of the Alumni Association is also to have a close relationship with the college authorities so that we can develop this government college in Jaintia Hills,” said Lamare.
Shillong, July 21: The National Awakening Movement (NYM) has written to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek regarding the finding that drinking water is not distributed to the people from the water supply point. from Mawphlang is not suitable for drinking and is also acidic.
“The Khasi should be ruled by the Khasi, the Garo should be ruled by the Garo and the Meghalayans should be ruled by the Meghalayans and not by others,” said Abhishek.
Hearing – The hearing of the court for the purpose of hearing the complaints or complaints filed by the parties in the case or any disputes arising in both cases.
Many at that time would buy with money and sign together to leave Garoland.
Don't be afraid, don't be afraid.
Speaking briefly at the distribution, Kong AL Lapang, owner of the Khasi newspaper Peitngor, said that the service of Shlem u Rupang for nine years is the best and God bless. for the poorest.
The training program was opened on 17th October and ended on 1st November 2022 under the auspices of JHDS, at Samanlang Socio-Cultural Pastoral Centre, Mihmyntdu Lumbihsyntu.
“Our meeting today is only for the examination to be held in the coming months and how to proceed and what contingency plan we will have for the examination,” said Bah Lahkmen Rymbui. that children do not suffer.
It is to be recalled that the BSWSC has sent a letter to the Local MLA to request him to set up a gallery at Madan Bakur on the day of the final football match. “He promised in front of thousands of football spectators that he will transform the Bakur Stadium within three years and now it has come true,” said Daniel Khongsit, President BSWSCk.
In this part of her defeat, Bhavani was reportedly defeated by Uzbek opponent Zaynab Dayibekova in a tough fight. The match was 14-15, but it also guaranteed the country the third medal of the tournament.
There are politicians who have entered politics by inheritance and many of them are tycoons or businessmen; There are a few who are willing to be led by the moguls and to live by accepting and sharing what is too much.
As Christians we can throw our problems into His hands.
NESO leaders have left for Delhi to appeal against the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Rule, 2024 and requested the Court to immediately suspend the Rule. the Government of India.
The fact is that Amlarem does not have a land prepared even for the Sub-Centre as learned from the Village Authority of Amlarem.
The High Power Committee of the old House has selected many seats but the decision has been changed from time to time.
One day his students called out to their Zen master, “Master, thief, thief, we have caught him.
About eight prisoners, accused of various crimes including rape and murder, have escaped from the Juvenile Home in Morena, Madhya Pradesh, officials said. police yesterday.
“This has been done at the request of the NEC and DoNER and an agreement on this will be signed soon between the NEC and Alliance Air,” he said.
The Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh said that the Government should make good use of the existing laws to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 01: U President of Meghalaya, Ram Nath Kovind on Saturday appointed Ganga Prasad as the Governor of Meghalaya.
To solve problems is only through consultations and dialogue, with understanding and tolerance and therefore we need to ensure that we build tolerance with our neighboring partners, to be confident in dialogues and in rules of engagement, to find ways in which we can understand each other and in such critical cases, these tolerances must exist," he said.
Speaking to media, Bah Pynshngaiñ Syiem said that the way of contesting elections in the state is completely different from other states and the victory or defeat of the party in other states will have nothing to do with the state. because the elections in the state are different from one state to another.
Many of them have joined as Assistant Teachers and have retired in the same position.
“There are moments when we experience eternal life here on earth.
On the other hand, the man as Rangbah was the leader from the rympei to the ïit of the kingdom as Tirot Singh, Kiang Nongbah and other Khla wait were an example.
There have been several political parties that have done something against Mukul Roy.
The word rapkhmat nong can come from the village language to convert a verb into a noun without having any word in the native language, such as farmer, villager, townsman, worker, speaker and so on.
There has been a 90% reduction in security casualties and casualties have decreased by 97%.
They can close their shops or confiscate their vehicles and inform the police, law enforcement agencies and the District Council in this regard.
There are currently 7,039 cases undergoing treatment in Assam and a total of 13,554 cases have been discharged from various hospitals. On Friday alone, 666 cases have been discharged from various hospitals.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that the acquisition of this indoor hall cum multi utility center by Lummawbah will be a blessing to the village and the youth to be able to play and use it for sports.
He said that the sohphan tree can hold the soil and protects it from landslides and is also useful for making musical instruments.
The Congress leaders in Delhi have not yet decided on the chief minister of Rajasthan and the delay. It has prompted lovers of Ashok Gehlot and lovers of Sachin Pilot to come forward to force the leaders of the High Command to elect the prime minister by their own leaders.
They said that the decision of the District Council is unacceptable, because the Rangbah Shnongs are independent in their duties, and as Rangbah Shnongs they cannot accept this decision because although the Rangbah Shnongs They don't have the right to force the people to vote because it is up to the people to decide who they can elect as leaders.
“However, we cannot say what kind of weapons they have but we know there are few ammunition," she said.
If this law is violated, there will be trouble and the family will be destroyed.
Bah Kitbok Thabah said he hopes that the participants will do well in the final.
Dr Sangma said they came out to protest against the delay of the central government in including the Khasi and Garo languages ​​under Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
Firsterjoy Pariat scored the first goal for Moosiang Lamare New in the 26th minute, while Edifirst Chadong scored the first goal for Lakadong Ummat in the 71st minute from the penalty spot.
In the Shillong Zone, Mawlai beat Langsning in Group A at the Third Ground of the MFA at Polo, and Mawlai won 2-1 .
Voting will be accepted with EPIC but voters whose names are on the electoral roll will also be allowed to produce other witnesses if they do not have EPIC. 288 places where there is no light.
On the foreign players side, the club has also extended the contract of captain and top scorer of the season Cleiton Silva.
The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), the oldest political party in Meghalaya, which has two MLAs in the current term, is ready to move forward to win again especially in the constituencies with in West Khasi Hills District.
In addition to Aadhaar and the Biometric Attendance System (AEBAS), which has been implemented in Indian government offices, there is now a website—www.attendance.
Of those, 45 people started throwing stones here in Sohiong.
He said that the establishment of this police station will also help the village in driving vehicles during the service and to maintain peace and order in the area.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, today handed over a Work Order worth T.5 lakh to the Women's Wing of Mawlong Village. Women's Service, which has not been completed to this day.
In the language as spoken, told, read, written and written, it is translated from the new language and there are many languages ​​which have become the original language after being adopted from time immemorial. other nations.
In this regard, the suppliers have approached the office to seek clarification on the inability to open the quotations on the 28th July 2023 as announced. The department said that they could not open the quotations on that day because the quotations from other districts had not yet arrived.
Although the British Government had made Sohra (Cherrrapunjee) a Civil Station where all government works were conducted, but due to the heavy rainfall during the rainy season, the Government had to get a place to stay. more suitable for the construction of sanatoriums, hospitals and also for the establishment of military barracks.
When the woman went to the pharmacy with the slip in her hand, she was surprised when the pharmacists told her that it was not the name of the pharmacy.
Ma Lahkmen Rymbuh, Minister of State for Education, has been forced to stay at home, as his house has been occupied by Zenith Sangma.
He said the United States has done its utmost to support Ukraine from time to time since Russia itself invaded Ukraine last year.
Dhoni was a goalkeeper since childhood but was sent to play cricket by the coach of the club where he played since childhood.
To cancel would be an injustice to the innocent candidates, but the appointment of new posts would be the best way for the Garo candidates.
“It is the hard work of all involved to make this long-awaited policy a reality.
“Let it be enough,” said the mother and tea and food were brought at that time.
The SMC of the school has honored 15 matriculation students from this school.
Speeches were delivered by the Chief Guests who praised the Jongksha SC&SC under the leadership of Bah H.Suting who provided the necessary facilities for the tournament.
Speaking to media, Bah GS Shadap, Senior Vice President of RBDSA, expressed his satisfaction that once again the Ri Bhoi League has been able to hold the tournament. It was temporarily lost but this time with the cooperation of all the office bearers of the federation it was possible to hold this football tournament successfully and peacefully.
According to the Minister, the implementation of the agreement signed with the ANVC will take time as it will work together in KHADC and JHADC. Earlier, the government had extended the term of the GHADC for another six months and it will end on 18th June next year.
The previous laws and regulations since the time of the Assam government in 1965 have allowed non-government teachers (govt.
This was after her house in Mumbai was raided.
Shillong, July 5: The Congress party will win more than 30 MLA seats in the 2023 MLA elections, said Vincent H Pala, President of the MPCC.
The city of Shillong has become a bright light.
“Once we receive this money, we can release not only the remaining two months salary of the SSA teachers but also up to 3-4 months,” he said.
When asked about some issues such as the Inner Line Permit (ILP), Ampareen said that this issue was agreed upon by 60 MLAs with the State Government during the MDA period. I have done what I should have done on behalf of the State.
The aim of Vi is to bring forward proposals to improve the services that will make it easier to get the right price, bookers do not have to pay anything besides the ticket fee even if they book the tickets from the app and will also receive discounted offers when they book domestic or foreign hotels in the future, travel, buses, and taxis.
The bridge has separated all the villages on the border from Huroi, Hingaria, Lejri, Borsara, Shymplong and Lahalein.
It was also ordered that during these days of commemoration of Jong-il, if anyone dies, the family members, should mourn immediately and the bodies should be buried. At the end of that day, Jong-il was honored.
Begin immediately to serve the Lord faithfully, who alone can comfort your soul.
Nine bridges will also be built for the ropeway.
He said that during the raid, Shallang Police have arrested another GNLA cadre identified as Arjen N Marak from Nengju WKHD. Police will continue to conduct investigation to find out more.
He said that in fact, as an MLA, after winning, he went back to the people of Mawryngkneng who were able to send a congratulation to the Legislative Assembly. I don't know why but I promise that in the next five years I will try to give my best to serve the people. " said Mr. Heavingstone.
However, there will always be those who will shout unfoundedly that the government has not done anything and on our part we will stand firm on the ground to prove the unfounded allegations and it is up to the people to judge. and he gave it to me.
“The Right to Education Act has not been fully implemented in the state and it shows that the state government has not followed the rules,” he said.
The Chinese station will be located 340 to 450km (210-280 miles) from Earth and will have a major impact on US security.
The total amount of money collected by the police in the past two months has reached T.11,83,110 lakh.
In an order issued on the 19th of this month, the court rejected Pastor Pyrtuh's appeal to suspend the suspension order of the Synod.
Nongpoh, July 31: The youths of Nongthymmai 14-15 mer Byrnihat have launched the Youth Festival and at the same time the celebration of the Silver Jubilee of the 25th Anniversary of the The Samla Seng in the village, with the aim of bringing unity, love and closeness among all the youth of the village in order to do many things for the development of the village.
The General Secretary was appointed by Dr Jemino Mawthoh and Bah Allan F Dkhar.
Therefore, I request all the youth of the Nongstoin Diocese who live in Shillong, to come and take part in these 2 days.
It is worth mentioning that at the GEC which was attended by almost all the office bearers of various units of the KSU , the KSU also discussed other issues such as strengthening the opposition of the West and South West Khasi Hills on the government's plan to set up a shelter for the ANVC-B, the conduct of the Entrance Exam MBBS, the discussions on the border issues with Assam where the union has demanded that the Out Post on the border to protect the people living in those areas, she also opposed the removal of the out Post Kyrshai and others.
And Sh.
“We urge the State Government to expedite the implementation of the MRSSA in the State and to expedite the opening of the gates in the State,” said Bah Marngar.
Nongstoiñ, June 17: Since the outbreak of covid 19 in the state, the residents of the state have faced many problems in terms of income, education, bills and day and all aspects related to daily living.
He said that as the leaders of the state, they have faced many misleading statements especially in this era of election campaigns which come out once every five years.
He expressed his anger and anger, why they could not lay the foundation stone for Mawlai Block, which is one of the largest constituencies with the largest number of voters in the state, which urgently needs it.
Two patients have been discharged from Mahendra Mohan Choudhury Hospital (MMCH) Panbazar Guwahati and four others from Silchar Medical College Hospital (SMCH) and Cachar. district of Barak Valley.
The first was when the prophet Elisha came to Gilgal, there was a famine and pestilence in the land that lasted for seven years.
He stands with the villagers to oppose the encroachment and occupation of public lands by private individuals and others.
Up to 18 sanctioned letters of loans worth 1.08 crore tyngka have been distributed to the beneficiaries through banks operating in the Nongstoiñ area.
“I immediately demand that the NEHU authorities should release all the salaries of the employees of NEHU. " said Mr. Adelbert.
Regarding the JN Stadium Polo, the work has been accelerated and which is also part of the beautification and improvement of the stadium since last year.
On Dr Mukul Sangma's claim that the alliance between the two political parties, the UDP and the HSPDP, will pave the way for the BJP to enter the House, he said. Shibun said this is just his statement but the BJP has made it clear that it will field candidates in all 60 constituencies in the upcoming MLA elections in the state.
One Saturday night, Bah Bruton talked to his daughter to ask her if she was happy to start her own shop.
“As part of serving the public to deliver medicines to those living in areas without vehicles, NEIGRHIMS will soon start using drones to deliver medicines,” said DM Thappa.
“Along with English, MIL should be made a compulsory subject as it used to be,” said Bah Nongsiang.
The first half ended with Argentina scoring the first goal.
Sniawbhalang, who was accompanied by Umsning MLA Dr Ceslestine Lyngdoh, said that many places especially on this road, are at high risk of accidents and directed the company to to urgently repair those at risk first to avoid disasters.
“We have not given up on the search for a joint candidate in both the constituencies.
This is also the case in other parts of Meghalaya and the North East of India and even in the world.
Hek said that so far 17,468 samples have been sent, 16937 negative, 485 pending tests and 18020 returnees.
Here in Ri Hynniewtrep, we have such NONGKYNTI, who should be remembered and preserved, especially those related to Mei Ramew, Mei Mariang, Mei Ri lung, Mei Risan and Mei Rilang. sacred.
This decision was taken after a meeting of all the 30 Primary Units and they agreed unanimously to support Gabriel Wahlang and urged all the voters to support him. The Congress Party, even if they are in different parties, doesn't care, but we will put it in our hands.
On the other hand, Sawakani would like to thank all the members of the Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM-JH) who encouraged them to participate in this competition, especially the teacher of Body Mass & Fitness Gym, Jowai President of BAM-JH, Ma Yoosar Kynjing.
The Riwar Mihngi Football Association (RIFA) has announced that it will hold its Under 15 League Tournament 2023 on 20th June .
Charles Marngar said that there has been a request from the government to create the necessary measures to prevent the entry and exit of foreigners into the area. as it is now, it is guarded only by the local community and without police forces.
Even the MLAs, MDCs, Syiems, Sordar Shnongs and others will be surprised after all the works have been completed and the Meghalaya land has entered Assam.
He said that many of the people have expressed their concerns that during the curfew they have not been able to go to work and this has made it difficult to fill their households. As part of the assistance to these families, T.10 lakh has been allocated to the MDCs of KHADC. He said that the MDCs will be able to purchase food items for the households who are suffering from the curfew. He said that T10 lakh will be released from now on. The curfew will continue and they will look into and do whatever is necessary to help the people in such times of need.
Speaking on the occasion, the President, Samla Purningstar Shabong said that a nation that speaks its own language is a nation that has enlightened, a nation that has understood and a nation that has hope in its heritage. He said that the youth should understand that being clear, intelligent and advanced is not the ability to speak English but the good deeds that they do. and to advance in all respects.
Entry and exit of people to these places should be allowed only to a few.
Gandhi has two days left to contest the elections in Assam.
The soldiers handed over the suspects to the police for further investigation.
However, it is also part of helping poor parents who are struggling to pay school fees for their children.
It is only when you have experienced a shisha that you will understand that it is a shisha.
The source said that the daily traffic of foreign vehicles in the state is about 5000 vehicles every day and this was counted through the gate at Ri-Bhoi (Toll Gate).90 percent of these 5000 vehicles come from Assam every day.
In these 17 years that we have been waiting for peace so that we can discuss the issues that need the Jaidbynriew with the government in Delhi, but the Sengbhalang, the people have to face it. prisons, lathis, bullets from the guns of the Government to fight for the problems and rights of the people.
The bills were introduced in the morning and in the second session the bills were discussed and passed without any objection.
Bah L Syiemlieh was the winner of the competition and 40 candidates were selected from the District. The most encouraging thing was that Samla Risinius Pathaw who is visually impaired came to take part. and his trick was to roll the dice and he got 3 points from 5 rounds.
In 2011, he said, the Hima Mylliem had issued an order to remove the land title but had not yet convened a public hearing.
You must “BUILD the Nation, not WORK change it”.
Please help us to continue to support us, through your writings, or by reading.
This method of asking questions went beyond the rules laid down by the examination which should be conducted in English.
The Raj Bhavan secretariat and doctors are on duty in all these areas to assist in the health care and to assist the employees and their families who have been affected by this disease.
Besides the schemes, pension schemes and others, u Bah Sanbor also asked for information from these government employees on other government schemes and how the people should benefit from them. guide lines.
The Federation of Khasi States (FKS) on Tuesday requested the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma to meet and get clarification from the State Government on the grounds. on the need to amend the First Schedule of the Constitution of India.
In the North East, Meghalaya Governor KK Paul is expected to be one of those to be removed in the coming days, followed by Assam Governor JB Patnaik and others. de, who expected to have to give up their own jobs, especially those who had yet to complete their term of office.
“They should not be evicted from here, we will talk to them and we will talk to the government to build beautiful houses for them here and that this place will become garbage. It will be a place that will bring the beauty of Shillong,” said Mahinder Jit Singh.
After committing the crime, he fled the scene.
After being released from jail, Bah Khyriem said, “This is not the end, there will be a strong protest in the future if the government does not implement the demands of the Sengbhalang to curb the entry of foreigners”. .
He said the government should ensure that these villages should get electricity as soon as possible.
aided schools) have the same problem and that is the lack of monthly salary.
The Russian Defense Ministry said several anti-aircraft systems or drones had entered parts of the city and mostly on the border with Latvia and Estonia.
Regarding the response of the HITO in recent days, Bah Rani said that the recent statement to the Sengbhalang groups, is based on the complaints received from some people. who are concerned about the harassment of road construction companies by members of the union who search the documents of the contractors.
The District Mission Coordinator, SSA West Jaintia Hills District Mission Coordinator, SSA West Jaintia Hills District has conducted a special training program for the RTE Act Principals and Headteachers of Schools at IERS, Mihmyntdu on Monday.
“However, the youth has clarified that those arrested by the police are his friends and have nothing to do with the incident.
These foreigners were informed through the residents who had changed their behaviour, the Seng immediately went down and found them opposite the Rymbai Filling Station.
Jowai, June 25: The West Jaintia Hills District Meat Market Association (WJDA) has decided to hold a meeting at the Meat Market near Pamblah Bridge on the Jowai-Shillong Highway. this old market as it was in the past.
“I am pleased that the department has decided to complete these projects next year,” said Bah Hek.
On the part of the CEM, he congratulated the party for reminding them of this important issue for the sake of the entire nation. and a group of them also had a brainstorming session in relation to this area.
“In Manipur, one road alone has been allocated T.1000 crore but the NEC has allocated only T.773 crore.
The tournament will be held at the Nondeiñ River and the initiative of these youths to form this team has brought great benefits and encouragement to the community, especially to the youths. see a good example that they can also get rid of drugs, especially Drok which has come to pursted in the area.
NCP leader Ajit Pawar, who is the second chief minister of the state, has blamed Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan for the split between the two parties in the state.
The policy has been distributed to all government departments.
He said that there have been people who have tried to deceive the people by going to work, that they have close ties with the Prime Minister and ask for money to appoint jobs in government departments.
“The Kanai River has been blocked due to the dumping of natural excavation for the construction of the road by a company that has misdirected the flow path of the river which has affected the entire AYWO President Benitto M Sangma said.
He had the opportunity to lead the team before the club was promoted to the Shillong Premier League (SPL).
The new cases include 54 cases from East Khasi Hills, 27 cases from West Garo Hills, 13 cases from Ri Bhoi, 3 cases from North Garo Hills, 1 case from North Garo Hills, 4, Eastern West Khasi Hills 5, South Garo Hills 3, West Khasi Hills 3 and East Garo Hills
Lanong said that as a longtime politician, he sees that in 2023 he will get another coalition government. “The political situation in the state from now on is sad. look because it will bring back the coalition government in 2023 and this is because of the emergence of two new parties in the state".
Another important initiative that reflects the Government of India's vision is 'World Food India', a program in which there is participation from all over the world.
The incident occurred while the HNLC members were on their way to Shillong.
Thank you very much,,.
He said that the Bill which he did not oppose should have been passed but their action shows that the Bill has shortcomings and therefore to avoid embarrassment they sent it to the Select Committee.
The girl's hostel has been built for four years, but it has not been used yet.
The Cabinet also approved the amendment of the Meghalaya Health Service Rule and the inclusion of the MSRB.
Every year I'm going to Chwa wow.
Shillong, Jymmang 17 : UDP Vice President Allantry F Dkhar has admitted that it was the United Democratic Party (UDP) which demanded that the party should vote for 1 per cent. James K Sangma has transferred the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry of Electricity from James K Sangma.
The GNLA has warned the police to stop harassing its members and if they do not stop, it will launch an attack against them. police in Garo Hills.
For those who can afford to support, parents complain about the behavior of school principals who set prices as they please without thinking about the excessive cost of living for one person or another. the child.
Twenty-two others are still undergoing treatment from the fire and some of them are seriously injured.
He said that the Christian missionaries because of their love for the Khasi have made the world know the group of people as Khasi even to the most distant parts of the world.
Phase-1 of the project includes the construction of water supply systems worth T.600 crore.
Regarding the traffic jam, Ladrymbai Police said that they are short of staff and there are now only one major and two assistants which has made it difficult for the police to drive the vehicles.
With this death, Bah Tiklu left behind two young children, a son and a daughter.
Nongpoh, June 18: After the participation of school children in various sports activities for two days, the Seiborlang English Secondary School, Umshaken on Friday concluded the school sports tournament held at the ground. Shack him.
The attack was led by Upar Borbhag and Mintu Kalita, the report said.
The UDP has 12 MLAs. The party has joined hands with the NPP in the formation of the MDA-2 government.
The Bible says that Jesus is the King of kings, is that true! As it has happened now, can we say that because the calendar from different kings and now has ended in one calendar, that is, AD which can be said to be the year of u King of kings.
On the other hand, Samla Sainia Sutnga President of KSU Iooksi Unit said that the KSU will soon meet with the relevant authorities to force them to take care of this school so that the children will not face difficulties in going to school. haki after rain.
Meanwhile, in Group-D match for Tura Zone at Chandmari Stadium, Selsella Sports Association beat Wasa FC 1-1 In the first half, Selsella scored the first goal through Threebirth Momin (37′).
Students who have passed these colleges will be able to work in the state by serving in government or public hospitals or they can start their own clinics or they can go for further training. to other training institutions to become doctors.
