“There are former Chief Ministers and Chief Ministers who have campaigned for the elections and the audience is only about 1500-2000 people. more than 10,000-15,000 people.
The violence by this group led by Tbn GT Lyngdoh and Bah Drestarwell Marbanniang, has been widespread in the past years, because on 31/12 2018, the Presbytery of TbnGT Lyngdoh and Bah Drestarwell Marbanniang have sent a letter not to allow anyone to enter the Presbyterian Church in Umran Dairy. The burial of a child and a woman in the church cemetery was also banned.
The reason why the RBYF has opposed the opening of a wine store in the village is that the RBYF has found that the place is not even 100 meters from the road. It was found to be only 50 meters long, which is also against the rules laid down by the Excise Department.
All the MDC candidates and supporters of the candidates from different villages were honoured.
Among these players who have been selected from the club's youth academy and some of them have played against Mohammedan. SCs including Ronney Willson Kharbudon, Damaitphang Lyngdoh, Sangti Janai Shianglong, Kynsaibor Lhuid and Shano Tariang.
The closing ceremony of the Under 14 Cricket Tournament was attended by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, Adviser of RBDCA and MLA Jirang as the Chief Guest. Naba Bhatrachaee Convener BCCI Task Force, MCA Vice President Dipul Ryntathiang, MCA Treasurer Dhruva Thakuria, SCA Vice President Petermac Donald Sawian, SCA Vice President Rayonald Kharkamni. President RBDCA and other cricket officials from all districts in the state.
On the other hand, the BJP leader in charge of Meghalaya, Dr M Chuba Ao, said that the leaders in Delhi have seen that the party (BJP) has no hope through thorough investigations. The National People's Party (NPP) has decided to support the National People's Party (NPP).
We want to remove the arbitrariness of politicians,” said Bah Nongrum.
The only thing she dared to say was, “Mom, forgive me.
He urged the government to take action on this issue for the benefit of the residents.
Besides, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, the father of the PDF, after being expelled by his elder sons, had to look for another job, because he did not feel able to live alone.
According to a letter sent by the Hima Mylliem, the reason for the removal of the Rangbah Shnong is because of the excessive riots in the village. , The Hima Mylliem has issued Sanad for only one year, but Ioannis Narleng continues to hold the post of Rangbah Shnong until today and this has caused many problems. in the village, which may cause disturbance in the peace and order.
Those on the part of the Government under my leadership at that time, we gave to the people to benefit from the trade in these markets, while in the present Government, we have given only to those who are at home. in the family or party members who have received benefits and privileges"
“We are now preparing to appoint the Vice Chancellor, Pro Vice Chancellor and others,” Rakkam told reporters.
The video has spread and reached the leaders of HYC Diengiei and Krang Cricle.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi has expressed his deep concern over the budget announced by the BJP government today. He said that the announcement is an insult to the farmers, adding that the Modi government has completely destroyed the lives of the farmers.
Shillong: Twenty-three new cases of covid-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today.
These children, including men and women from South Constituency, have been selected by the Meghalaya Wushu Association (MWA) under the leadership of Bah Donny Ranee to represent the state in the 21st Sub Wushu Tournament. -Junior National Wushu Championship will be held from 25th to 30th October 2022 at Noorul Islam University, Kumarakoil Thukalay, Nagercoil Kanyakumari District, Tamil Nadu.
The Village Leaders of Tlongpleng Village said that they have no intention of threatening the Minister of Hima Maharam, but the cause of the incident was because the Minister of Mawpait Tlongpleng Village, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh. He did not inform the village authorities of their intention to come to distribute medicines in this village.
This is according to a statement sent by SDSEO West Khasi Hills.
Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh has directed the police to punish those who destroyed mobile phones.
Jowai, Jymmang 30: Ka Linda Nongkrem together with her family members today came to explain the problems faced by the Waheh Shnong of Lumtrep Nongjngi, Ebormi Pale. related to the lack of ration for three months of these four families.
Those entrepreneurs, even if they have worked hard day and night to increase their income, cannot refuse to distribute to those beggars because they do not want any problems in their work. .
Shillong, Naitung 9: The Asst Director of Housing, Meghalaya, TRMSangma has declined to comment when contacted by a reporter on the salaries of the employees of the Meghalaya State Housing Board.
He said that the drugs have been requested according to the needs of various districts and health centers in the state.
Therefore, as the leading leader of the farmers, he urged the farmers that when such disasters occur, they should not just listen or look at themselves but should come forward to inform the relevant authorities through their reporting to the village leaders, HFU members or even the Gram Sevak so that they can take the issues to the higher authorities.
Williamnagar, Naiwieng 11 : The High Court has ordered that the MTC authorities will no longer be able to play the game and will have to pay the promised aid to the victims. and injured the MTC at a cost of 9 lakh tyngka.
Joint Director, Commerce and Industries, Shillong, ML Wanshong was the chief guest while General Manager, DCIC, Jowai, B. Warjri was the symbud guest.
The meeting was attended by the Chiefs of Raids and Villages of Riwar area, as well as the MLA of the area, Bah Prestone Tynsong. The residents of the area who live from the Ryngngain quarry have been able to express their grief over the sudden closure of quarrying in all the quarries along the road to Pynursla.
He said the RSS wants unity and solidarity to eradicate religious and caste discrimination.
The movement of people and goods working for the Oxygen Plant in MCH Jowai.
It is here that people want the world to end because of the suffering that has been going on since the beginning of the world, the time of Satan's rule over this present world.
U Bah Metbah said that he does not know who brought up the issue on the need to convene a Special Session of the House to discuss the Roster System. and we shall see how we shall do it.
Mikkel Damsgaard scored the third goal for Denmark in the 30th minute from a free kick. Simon Kjaer, however, scored the third goal in the 39th minute.
Marak, you will be assisted by the EAC, Rosalind D.Shira.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister did not say how long the Search Committee has been allowed to send the names to the government for the appointment of members. It's not easy, because you have to look after the people who belong to the court.
On the other hand, the adviser advises not to do too much but to 'be careful not to worry'
Because the passenger vehicles have to also help transport the school children by charging a small fare, it has made the bus drivers feel loss if they transport them.
The Mazabhi Sikhs, who have settled there since the relocation of the Head Quarters of the British Government and the establishment of the Municipal Station at Shillong in 1878, have the right to the protection and assistance of sit down and sit down.
When asked whether there are any teachers who have suffered from illness or injury while sleeping on the road, Mayborn said they are happy that such illness has not happened.
The meeting was also attended by Bah Forwardman Nongrem, President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District, senior leaders of KSU South West Khasi Hills District and other officials. along with members of the party from the Circles.
“Therefore, to remove the Rangbah Shnong is up to the will of the people.
The Government understands the concerns of the people and is looking for ways and means how the curfew will not affect the people and especially the farmers who and they went out into the marketplace.
“I extend my condolences to the families and thank you to both governments for taking immediate action to send assistance to these families," she said.
He said that through the 'YuvaSangam' campaign launched under the leadership of the Prime Minister, it will help other citizens of the country to learn more about the culture and traditions of the North East. east.
It is because of this law that a woman should be dressed only in a khoh, a star, a sword in front of Klong, Skaw, Pujer, Purynsi, iad-um and sapoh. toh the law; that it may rich, it may gather, it may gather, it may cultivate, it may work, it may earn its rights from the household to the household; to build one's own household together with one's husband and children: to raise one's seeds, one's family, one's family in the purity of the law and the right of the people. to prevent the evil, the destruction, the destruction of the family from spreading to the family.
He said that the present EC has already passed the Land Bill and through this Land Bill has allowed the people to register their land through the Land Rights Certificate issued by the District. Council and after receiving this Land Rights Certificate, the people will be able to go to banks or any of their needs because it is recognized.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the CCTV camera at Sadar Police Station. In the first phase, 30 CCTV cameras have been installed in Shillong and Tura while in the second phase, 30 CCTV cameras will be installed throughout the city as well as in the capitals of different districts.
The Rs 28 crore project, which started in November 2020, is scheduled to be completed in two years.
As a nation, besides the title of Tirot Singh as a freedom fighter from the hands of the enemy, we should also honor him as the first Syiem in Ri Hynniewtrep who brought unity. among the Khasi Syiems because he was the first to appear in the history of the Khasi Syiems who gathered together for the sake of unity.
Unfortunately, until now, all the works have been completed only in Shillong; If you don't go to another place, you won't be able to do this.
When asked whether there has been any discussion to seek support from other parties, he said, “We are confident that we will win, we don't feel the need to join hands with other parties.
Can you explain?.
Nozdrin was accompanied by senior leaders of the religion on the plane, who also held and prayed at the cross.
However, they don't know that the KHASI have a special authority and knowledge that has been given to them by God.
The 59 employees of the Raj Bhavan, including officers, civil servants, drivers, police and others who have tested positive for covid 19, have not suffered any symptoms. also, which they have the disease.
Khasi “Planning, Finance and Personnel are afraid of the entry of foreign scientists and technical personnel into CAU.
They said that Ajay's 6th position in the top ten of the MBOSE has brought honor not only to his family, Mookhep, the school where he studies, but also to the family and the district. East Jaintia Hills All over.
In this regard, he demanded that an inquiry should be conducted, to hold accountable those involved, to find out the true identity of K Lynrah from Sohra, and to bring those involved to justice.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The NPP MDCs of GHADC today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, V.Shan Muganathan and requested the Governor to take time to visit. to visit the Council and also to deliver a speech in the Special Session of the Council which has not yet been scheduled.
In this video, the Pnar, War and Biate are the villagers who have been living together since ancient times in the Jaintia Hills.
In a statement issued by Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, Spokesperson of the VPP, the VPP congratulates the Tamizhnadu People's Front (TPF) for organizing this conference. part of the unity.
If we turn to the teachers under the banner of FASToM, or SSA teachers have to fight from time to time to get their rights.
This happens in every constituency and this is the main reason why the MLA doesn't know what the office bearers are doing but in the end they are the ones who suffer the defeat.
The Seng strongly condemns this foreigner's attempt to raise his hand against our Khasi women and children and the Seng strongly warns all the Dorbar Shnongs in War Jaintia not to allow foreigners. or the authorities to come and live within the border of War Jaintia and if found to be doing anything against the society, the party will not hesitate and will take the necessary action. and those who oppose shall take responsibility for themselves if anything happens.
He said that Bah Hek has said that if the party is ready to give the ticket, he will take a decision.
Furthermore, any person who is still under Home Quarantine or who has to stay at home or who does not go outside or on the street without following the guidelines of the Government will be subject to the same rules.
Shillong: U General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP), Bah Panbor Ryntathiang, on Tuesday said that the party will proceed with the nomination of new candidates if the two MLAs of the party do not wish to contest the election. 2023, and this party.
The Israeli army announced today that it has killed Billal al-Qedra, the top commander of the Nukhba force, in an offensive in Gaza. Saturday evening.
NPP chief Conrad Sangma is on a multi-day visit to Arunachal Pradesh to support his candidates as well as the BJP candidates. The Lok Sabha and Arunachal Pradesh State Assembly elections.
The last date for withdrawal will be on 10/2/2023 if the candidates wish to withdraw.
Speaking to media, the President of HNYR Women Wings, Beti Jyrwa, said, “As women, we are deeply saddened and disappointed by the speech of Phatimai Kharbhih. honor the guards by saying that they are mysteries, street dwellers and they come every day.
If the process continues like this for all five years, the loss will be huge for the people.
Mawten SC played well and won the title by beating Pyndengrei SC by 2/1 goals in the first leg of the tournament. The match was held at MDSA Mawkyrwat Stadium.
Although many women and men know about the use of soybeans for skin care, many do not know that even soybean sprouts that are usually broken can be used for the skin.
Besides what I have already directed to the village leaders, but as a leader, I have also urged the people to be vigilant and also to follow strictly these directives from the government and that is that He also urged the people to be vigilant against the entry and exit of foreigners, because only cooperation can bring victory, said the Jirang MLA.
Moorap Village and the relatives of I Love You Talang have immediately refused to take his body from the morgue at Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong.
“After we replace the bearing we’ll wait for the sand to harden and we’ll lower the jack for the bridge to go back down like it used to.
May God bless you pastor.
In all these areas, we need wise and intelligent leaders to run the work smoothly.
“If we find that the party is the worst of the worst, there is no need for others to tell me to leave, but I have left,” said Bah Pyniaid. This is the party that will lead the new government.
North Liberty HSS (West Jaintia Hills) beat Sibsingh Memorial Govt HSS (West Khasi Hills) 1-1
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has supported the bill passed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to deprive Khasi women of marriage outside the Jaidbynriew.
He donated money to Indonesia in 2014 after the tsunami and to Nepal after the 2015 earthquake. He is also the Global Artist Ambassador of Save the Children. to send for treatment of a child with chronic illness in
To better understand the excessive growth of this industry, it is necessary to survey the reasons for the growth.
Members of the party are also urged to arrive before 1 pm to start the march on time.
On the same day, the MLA together with doctors and government officials also inspected the Sub-Centre which has an OPD Section, Immunization, Labor Room and Post Natal.
Meanwhile, Bah Dispitol Sun expressed his regret that the government has not been able to relocate the people living in Them Metor but it has ended up in various committees and the Sur ki Nong West wants the government to relocate the people living in Them Metor. The government has decided to evict the illegal occupants of the area because the residents of the area have to pass through the area. Therefore, the government should relocate them as soon as possible so that it can bring peace to the people and the nation.
In South Garo Hills, there are 2 cases including one high risk and one case without screening.
He said that not all the areas near Assam are in conflict, but there are only a few areas where the MDA government is vigilant and concerned on this issue.
The inhabitants of Meghalaya are the Achik (Garo) and the Khasi.
Through a petition to the Chief Minister, the Sengbhalang has expressed its dissatisfaction with the government's delay in implementing the check gates and demanded that the government should respect the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA)
He added that this initiative of the central government will affect the consumers of electricity in the country as a whole, especially when the government companies have already spent billions of rupees to improve the electricity distribution system. to the public".
The foundation stone of the project was laid by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong in the presence of PHE Minister Renikton L Tongkhar and MLA Pynïaid Syiem.
Boris Johnson, the prime minister of England, has recovered from the coronavirus, but some of his friends said he was on the verge of death while undergoing treatment in recent days.
Speaking to reporters, Grace Mary Kharpuri, CEM candidate, said that she did not attend the CEM election because it was not held according to the rules of law.
H Lalengmawia said: “In our request to the relevant department, we have already prepared a list of requirements for the six month supply of rice, vegetables, rice, food oil, piat, medicines, and other necessities for health care and others.
“Further details on the Governor's speech will be brought to the Legislative Assembly on 20th October 2023,” he said.
The Chief Minister expressed his concern over the delay in travel to Asean countries from the North East as well as the deterioration of roads connecting from one state capital to another. .
“In our village, since ancient times we have always had the view that we have decided that we will not allow foreigners to come and work within our border.
They also discussed the Ar-maloi Act which does not allow MLAs to be MLAs at the same time. The Rangbah Shnongs demanded that the government should set the Bill first and take it forward. even until
Guwahati: Another person from Bilasipara, Dhubri, has tested positive for COVID-1
Donbok also slammed the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, for not knowing even the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Ordinances 2021, which in Article 3, states that Prestone said why he didn't oppose the petition.
He suggested to the States to look into the special needs related to the security sector to ensure the availability of resources in hospitals, including oxygen tanks, PSA plants, ventilators and health workers.
Besides, the GNLA has been in turmoil especially after the shooting death of its Commander-in-Chief Sohan D Shira.
And our Khasi merchants in Iewduh also followed and stirred up the farmers.
“The government should take this back to the Cabinet to amend and release these rules from the areas under the District Council,” he said.
The tournament will be held in a one day cricket tournament. Seven states will be divided into two groups of three each, followed by a round robin stage. in the semifinals and final.
Speaking to the public, Abhijit Kro said that as MAC of KAAC, it is his first time to visit Mawlasnai. arrive at the bag.
Speak without respect to anyone, you will not lose anything.
Not only that, but in the future, many schools in the city and even in the rural areas will affiliate to the Central Board like CBSE/ICSE, etc. Bajoria, Army School and many central schools are located in the state.
To mark the 3rd Anniversary of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) Mawkyrwat Circle, Bah Sounder Strong Cajee as the chief guest also cut the cake in the presence of the leaders and members of the UHM. UHM President George B.Iawphniaw, Vice President Jolin Lyngdoh, General Secretary Panbor Marweiñ, Organizing Secretary Kynsaibor Lyngkhoi, Publicity Secretary Joyfullness Wanniang, Environment Secretary Phoming, Education Secretary Perstarland Lyngdoh, Social & Cultural Secretary Sundaybornstar Syiemiong together with all the office bearers of the Units within the district will be members.
Shillong: The National Students Union of India (NSUI) today demanded that the state government should take a decision to forgive 25% of the school and college fees of the students. This is to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in the state.
On July 23, 2013, Rex Miller R Sangma, a member of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA), escaped from Tura Civil Hospital.
Jambor said that according to the report received from the Supervisory Team, there has been no violation by the shopkeepers in Iewduh in the last 10 months.
In the next five years, a lot of work needs to be done.
He said that according to a tip received from the police, Shallang PS has arrested the suspect from a place in Rongjeng village and registered a case. The investigation is ongoing at Shallang PS.
This is not a good statement.
The training is for the newly elected MLAs in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly to better participate in the decision-making process.
The Waheh Shnong of Nongsning, Bah Dipsing Bareh, said that the Dorbar Shnong of Nongsning has already lodged complaints since 2022 with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills and others. authorities on the affected water supply in these two villages.
Shillong, Lber 29: A mother and her 9-year-old son from Sankhat village on the border with Bangladesh, about 15 km from Muktapur in West Jaintia Hills, have been arrested on charges of robbery. you are a myntor or a demon.
It will be different, because those who have contracted the virus will be looked down on by those who have not.
Regarding the seizure of two EPICs by the people living on the border, Bah Charles said, “In the past, because our people were in fear, they did not refuse to take EPIC from Assam to avoid being harassed.
The Israelites (Jews) saw and heard for themselves but did not believe.
It is time for us to examine carefully all the types of organizations we have.
The two organizations and the residents of the four villages have demanded the cancellation of the NOC of the factory and if the JHADC does not act properly, the residents of the four villages have threatened to protest.
Speaking to media, Hek said that a meeting was called with the management of NEIGRIHMS and directed to resolve the strike of the Cardiology doctors so that affect patients.
Those who think of changing from the Mother Inheritance to the Fatherly Inheritance is an obvious change, while those who think of doing the same have an invisible change.
He said that these houses are still standing until these days and the salaries of the employees have been suspended for 11 months and the Jaintia Council needs to take action.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Masan War Secretary Shnong Ïalong and welcome speeches were delivered by Kong Shimti Pale.
They went to the school 'to go to school as you please'
The meeting was chaired by Hambertus Nongtdu, President of the Coal Suppliers Association.
He has been an advocate of the Hynniewtrep people since he was a leader of the Sengbhalang and has been in jail for the sake of the people dozens of times.
Wagner's seizure has angered Putin, who has threatened to punish the rebels and said it is a serious threat to Russia as a whole.
These trucks were parked at Mawngap Out Post.
“In 2018, I contested as the NPP candidate from Ranikor and my wife from the PDF and this does not affect the relationship because we have an understanding on this,” he added.
The Muktiar said that along with other provisions of the Indian Penal Code, including Section 13 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967, and after the request of the investigating police, two days later, The case was filed in the High Court under Section 15(1)(b)/16 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act against these three persons. to restrict their freedom.
The whole country is watching and seeing these acts of violence by the TMC members who are just stirring up trouble especially as we saw in the last elections in West Bengal.
Chelang in the complaint said that it is suspected that the incident was intended to kill both the village leaders.
So far, only the INC has announced its candidates for the Lok Sabha MP elections and the VPP has already announced Dr. Vincent H Pala. Ricky Syngkon, while other political parties like the NPP, UDP, BJP, TMC and HSPDP have not yet said anything.
The flesh or body of man will return to the dust of the earth.
The dismissal of these officers is not only an injustice and an insult to the state as a whole and therefore it is the duty of all the residents who are thinking of the good to participate in this protest to ensure this. government.
“This school has been implemented by the Rilang Co-operative Society at a cost of T.25/- lakh from the CM's Scheme of T.15/- lakh and from the MLA's Scheme. (CMSRDF 2018 – 2019), said Bah Renik and in terms of temporary jobs, we have to collaborate with Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat. that students will take will also have a connection with this college.
(8) You can effectively use your skills and imagination to increase products.
And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
The Sohiong elections will be held in June this year due to the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh on 20th June, 2023, a month before the people go to vote on 27th June. elections to elect legislators in the state.
We will also discuss with the Indian government to give advice if the refugees continue to flee,” said Zoramthanga.
He said that the Benami Transaction Bill has to do with the entry of foreigners and the introduction of this new law will prevent such illegal entry of foreigners who intend to settle in the country. state.
Sawan Singh took three wickets while Khushaldeep Singh took two wickets.
It’s easy to catch convict and punish a cookie thief and it’s also easy to change him, but what about time thieves? they are not arrested, convicted and punished and it is difficult for time thieves to change.
Reduce the salary of engineers because it is too high.
All residents and pedestrians are requested not to approach the line, or climb the towers of the line and not to carry any tall objects. h this place where the electricity passes to avoid any injury or accident.
On the night of 19th June 2020, police have seized 83 trucks carrying coal passing through the Mairang to Mallangkona road in West Khasi Hills.
The term of office of the new office of the Pamrakmai Dorbar Shnong is 3 years.
In the elite men's cross country, Khundrakpam Ronel Singh of Manipur won the gold medal, Kevin John Khyllait won the silver medal and Mesak Vanlalvena of Mizoram won the bronze medal.
When asked whether he will join the BJP, Dr Mukul, who is the former Prime Minister, said that no one knows what he thinks. to see back what has happened in the past few months, but everyone wants to see a better future.
Hep will be able to do this.
Nongpoh, November 18: Illegal quarrying in Rani, one of the border villages of Meghalaya near Assam in Jirang C&RD Block in Ri Bhoi District, has caused not only huge losses. to destroy the forests and natural resources of the state, but the inability to control the government authorities has also resulted in a huge loss in terms of government revenue.
Before the MDA government led by the NPP party, all the teachers were not government teachers.
In the afternoon, the Mylliem Hima had a plan to arrest and not allow the Daju to carry loads without the Hima uniform and to follow the order issued by the CEM, but later it was seen that The Mylliem Hima is still in doubt whether there is another authority greater than the order of the District Council in the event of a riot in Iewduh due to the Daju.
So far, several countries, including Ecuador, Colombia and the Dominican Republic, have extended their curfews to curb the spread of the coronavirus.
In MDA Number 1, all the teachers have been protesting against the dismissal of the accused teachers and contract teachers.
Therefore, the residents are requested to provide the names of the voters who have died or fled the village, so that their names can be removed from the Electoral Roll.
In the first half, Marshall Kurkalang scored the first goal for MPFV.
“This salary increase will come into effect from 1st March, 2018,” he said.
These free seats are available for the following courses: Business Administration (BBA), Bachelor in Computer Applications (BCA), BSc Environmental Science (BSc ES), BA Music, BSc in Food Science and Nutrition and Bachelor in Travel and Tourism Management ( BTTM).
“On the other hand, the party has strongly condemned those who use the name of the party for personal gain.
Meanwhile, the Congress MDCs want the District Council headed by James K Sangma to approve the list of Executive Members. The Congress MDCs believe that the delay in approval is due to the NPP leaders' opposition to the cooperation between the UDP and the Congress in the Jaintia District Council.
One of the elders said that fathers, especially those who are the owners of the household, should not show off in front of their children how much they earn because this also misleads their children and the feeling of wealth. of them brings a sense of pride.
Police have received a complaint from Sunita Das at Sadar PS on 26th November,
The passage in Romans 8:28 does not mean that it is only God who works and does things for our good and that we should all sit idle.
Shillong Lajong players didn't lose heart and fought hard but couldn't score until the 85th minute of Ïohbor. L Lyngkhoi scored the first goal but Nangkiew Irat managed to stop the scoring and won 3-2
Shillong: The famous siej bridge built on the Wahrew River in Wahkhen to Mawryngkhang, the king of stones, has been swept away by the heavy rainfall this morning.
When I read inside to find out, I was surprised to learn that Meghalaya, Shillong (City) ranked 120th, while other cities in the North East like Gang tok-10, Agartala -32, Guwahati 51, Kohima-76, Imphal-83.
Special speech on Mother's Day was delivered by Samhakani Laloo, Secretary WWC Loomkyrwiang, Yoosarda Najiar, Social Welfare Officer, West Jaintia Hills. to benefit the longkmie.
They are not allowed to hunt animals, hunt and shoot birds, they are not allowed to wear birds, to kill bsein, insects and ksiah and if anyone is found caught, or dressed, shot or killed by the village authorities they fine T.25,000/- per lap.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 31: The road is one of the most important issues that the rural people want the government to provide.
Therefore, to avoid the threat to the state, as a party, we have to introduce Article 371 and strengthen the Sixth Schedule.
It is on this ground that I stand.
“Dr. Don's statement is just a political statement but in reality it cannot be so,” said Witting.
The meeting was conducted by HFU West Khasi Hills District Unit President Sakhaius Tympuiñ in the presence of HFU Sengkmie Secretary, HFU Sengkmie Secretary, HFU Sengkmie Secretary, HFU West Khasi Hills District Unit, S.Goswami. is an environmentalist and leaders of local farmer organizations.
He said that the counting of points for the winners will be 60% from the judges and 40% from the votes sold to the fans of the contestants.
Earlier, in the middle of November, all schools were closed after many students were injured in a police bomb blast during the protest to demand ILPS. The Joint Coordination on Inner The Line Permit System (JCILPS) is a group of many organizations demanding the implementation of the ILP in the state in order to protect the identity of the Manipuris. .
This decision was taken at the Cabinet meeting today, which also criticized the UCIL for failing to call a tender or Expression of Interest (EOI) for the uranium mining at Mawthabah-Wahkaji, without consulting the Mawthabah-Wahkaji. state government.
I come from a farming family from the countryside.
After the announcement of the results of the election, the new office bearers of the Circle were sworn in by Samla Raymond Kharjana, Chairman of the Circle Committee and Chairman of the Circle Committee. Samla Raymond Kharjana gave a short speech on the occasion. He reminded the youth that when they are leaders or members of the Seng, they should not expect benefits from the Seng because the Seng itself does not receive anything to provide or pay salaries to them like other employees in other jobs.
Referring to the food items not included in the PDS, Prestone Tynsong said the government is already prepared to purchase the food items if there is a shortage in the warehouses of the Meghalaya government.
Mawkriah is the strongest team in Group A, which is in the first position of the group, while Mawkasiang is in the second position of Group B. The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the District Sports Officer will hold the Fit India Freedom Run 4.0 and the National Unity Day Run (Rashtriya Ekta Diwas) for women. and male on the 31st of this month.
Among his most successful films are Happy Gilmore, The Wedding Singer, You Don't Mess with the Zohan, Punch Drunk Love and Uncut Gems.
Dr Mukul said that the Deputy Commissioners in the coal mining districts have been forced to provide the count of the coal mined by the present government.
Referring to the zero hour notice submitted by the Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy in the House, Roshan said that the GTC troops have done this because of the violence. After the incident in Pathankot where an Air Force base was attacked by Pakistani militants.
“The Prime Minister and the Symbud Prime Minister have come to ask us not to do anything else, so I will order to start working on this road in the coming months.
The MDA meeting was held before the FASToM leaders met with Conrad Sangma.
The tournament was held at NDSA Ground, Nongpyndeng where Dr.SA Lyngdoh, District Medical Health Officer, WKH was the chief guest in the presence of DSO Kong Balarina Syiem, teachers from various schools and others. others.
Shillong, July 04: Members of the Seng Hynniewtrep Youths' Council-Shella Area Unit on Tuesday arrested 32 foreigners who came to Shella with the intention of working without documents. who are enough.
Khliehriat FC tried hard to turn the tide, but with the determination of the Umsawkhwan defenders the game ended in a draw.
According to the Principal Secretary, the Deputy Commissioner has been assigned to look into the situation.
Furthermore, the Union will also meet with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and KHADC to discuss the issue of not recognizing the documents signed by the Rangbah Shnong Garo.
They urged him to use his God-given talents properly and to avoid many temptations especially from the evil habits that destroy his life, but to focus on this work which is not just a game. pynbyrniga but it is also a way to earn money.
When asked whether the UDP will conduct an investigation into the allegations of corruption in the MDA government in the implementation of many schemes, Bah Metbah said that if the UDP comes to power, it will conduct an investigation into the allegations of corruption. “What appears in the newspapers is not true and I don't want to say anything because I don't believe what they say. write until I find the truth," he said.
The Constitution states that the primary duty of the government is to look after the welfare of the people and also to provide health services for all.
The CEM also requested the cooperation of all for the implementation of the festival.
As of 2011, the population of the area was 5378 people.
Nongpoh, Nailur, 24: Assam Don Bosco University, one of the leading universities in Assam, has honored 1286 students from various departments at the XIIth Convocation on 23rd November, Tapesia Campus is located in Sonapur, Guwahati.
According to Kong Lyngdoh, the selection was based on the rules laid down by the Central Government.
Explaining on the allegation that he is a foreigner, the Rangbah Shnong said that he would have such an opinion, but for the good of the village and especially as it is a border village, he has to work. However, on the allegation of involvement in the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh, he said that he is not involved in anything, because he is not a person who receives cows. In this market, he is pleased that there are such illegal smugglers to Bangladesh.
Why can't I follow you, Lord? I'll give my life for You to the end.
Speaking to media, he said, “The decision to merge the Congress and other parties to come to power in 2023 will be urgent to take now because the High Command has it has not yet taken any decision on whether we can join other parties”.
Speakers on the occasion were SM Wanniang, MJS, S. Syiemlieh from Life Care Foundation, W. Lyngkhoi, Adolescence Counselor and B.S. .Snaitang, Psychiatric Nurse, District Mental Health Programme, South West Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, the party strongly warns that if the government makes a wrong decision, the party will not back down and the government will take responsibility if there is bloodshed, said a statement from Bah Reginald Thabah, President. FKJGP Mawprem Circle.
Tielemans, who is expected to be Villa's first signing this season, joined Leicester in 2019, where he also played a role in helping Leicester win the title. FA Cup title in
It was in 1979 that the Jana Party collapsed and the Jal Sangh was revived and formed as the Bharatiya Janata Party on 5th April
Atiq Ahmed, along with his lawyers Khan Soulat Hanif and Dinesh Pasi, were recently sentenced to life imprisonment for their involvement in the murder of Umesh Pal. He was the chief witness in the murder of BSP MLA Raju Pal.
To better understand the Thoh language, it is necessary to know that it is completely different from the Tah language and from the Ñiad language.
They also receive free medical treatment.
Because according to the loan system of the banks, many of the requirements of the villager must be fulfilled.
We have also urged the Governor to address the issue faced by the day laborers and contract workers of NEHU,” he said.
The meeting will discuss the plight of Higher Secondary Adhoc teachers in Meghalaya, who have not received their increment in the last seven years, which is from
The NPP needs to understand that it needs the BJP as one of its strongest allies to support it in its political, economic development and many other needs. ; However, if the signs appear, as has happened in Garo Hills, it will be difficult for the party to stand alone against the two major parties, the Congress and the BJP. In the past few months, Bah AL Hek, who is the Minister of the MDA government, has made it clear that the BJP will rule alone in the 2023 MLA elections and if so, these incidents will happen. What happened in Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills, will be just like a drinking bowl, which will slowly increase in the coming months.
“Without forgetting the hard work of your parents who have supported you without hesitation, you too take responsibility with a spirit of responsibility to become bright stars and carry the responsibility to serve the country and the nation. good works and deeds," he said.
“Work hard with us now in these two months that remain and after that it will be my turn to work hard for you all in the five years that you will entrust to me and I will thank you. I will work hard to achieve your dreams and expectations,” he urged the party workers.
There are 12 gates and at those gates there are 12 angels.
However, as of Thursday morning, no response has been received from the US.
Mawkyrwat, July 09: U Prestone Tynsong, Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, while speaking at a meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) in Mawkyrwat Constituency, said that Stelin H.Diengdoh is a retired person from the government, but his brain is not good enough to elect a leader. tree is the work of the world.
In the final, Mawsiatkhnam SC beat Arka SC Umden 4-2 in the tie breaker after a 1-1 draw. in the 60th minute and also in extra time.
On the part of the Principal of St.Edmund's HSSu, he congratulated the students who have done well and especially the teachers of the school who have provided the best education. hard work and self-discipline can bring the fruit of success.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 7: Teachers who are the shapers of the future of children and are also like second parents in the villages and in the country as a whole, but since they have been forcibly dismissed in the government, they lived in poverty and had to struggle to get food.
Phan Nonglait was the first woman to be recognized as a brave freedom fighter who fought against the British government and Tirot Singh.
The JAC, which includes the JHTOA, AJHCCA and the Meghalaya Truckers Union (MTU), took this decision at a General Meeting held at Phramer today. , West Jaintia Hills District.
Guwahati: The Congress party in Assam has intensified its protest against the hike in prices of petrol and diesel and other essential commodities in the state.
Bangladesh has confirmed three cases of the virus in the country, the Institute of Epidemiology and Research (IEDCR) said.
Erwin said this while speaking at a candlelight vigil held by the KSU, FKJGP, JSU, HNYF and RBYF in Jowai on Thursday as a sign of condolences to the four residents. Mukroh village who were shot dead by Assam police on 22nd November.
However, according to one of the shopkeepers, many shopkeepers do not want to stay in the temporary market because it is located in a remote area.
Tarun Bajaj, Joint Secretary, Economic Affairs, Union Government, Government of India signed the agreement with Nigel Brett, Country Program Manager, IFAD. Secretary of the Planning Department.
Vishwa died on the way to Nongpoh Civil Hospital, while the other three were rushed to NEIGRIMS, Shillong and are now safe.
For ten years we have not received these benefits.
Another inevitable conflict will arise later.
In this way, the future of the young athletes of the state who have the spirit and desire to improve in the field of sports will be shaped.
He said that they will also allocate land for the construction of a Khasi guest house in Diphu.
Even if Assam and Meghalaya sit down again for the Second Phase, there is no hope that the people will experience peace in these villages. border dispute with Assam.
Even now he should help a little when he has earned his living.
The State Government shall not be able to appoint a team of investigators as requested by the State Government.
Rambrai MLA Remington G Momin on Tuesday visited Langdongdai village to visit 25 residents of Malchapara who have taken refuge inside the office of the Hima Nonglang. Assam Police have arrested him.
According to the legend of the Karbi and some of the elders of the eastern part of Jaintia Hills , Thong Teron was also involved in the erection of the Mawbynna in Nartiang village , West Jaintia Hills District The Indian Archaeological Survey (Indian Archaeological Survey) has identified the Mar Phalangki as the most important monument in Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, the Seng asks whether the money that he said they received from the check gate of 4,83,300 tyngka is 32,00,000 tyngka from the leaser or that the council officials have detected it. He said that the union has held an emergency meeting this evening and has decided to file with the High Court to get the the people of Jaintia Hills to be judged fairly.
Shillong, June 22: U Bah Shanborlang Sohtun, owner of Saw Aiom Restaurant, on Tuesday said that the incident on the night of 20th June 2024, was not a racial incident. itself a night state.
The Land Port is expected to boost tourism and trade between Meghalaya and the country.
“If we go to Bangkok from Imphal by plane it will take less than an hour and I would like to urge all the Chief Ministers of the states in the region and MPs to work together to strengthen bilateral relations. and Thailand in trade and tourism.
He stressed on the need for training in traditional birth control and the need for health care providers to work with them to ensure safe birth in rural areas and in difficult to reach areas.
On the issue of the alliance between the BJP and the NDPP, Liesietus said that the relationship between the two parties is more strained as both the parties have agreed to they shall be able to form a government alone without cooperation with other political parties.
He said that the government has worked to preserve the identity of the indigenous people by insisting on the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Garo language in the 8th Schedule.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today honored the winners of the Meghalaya Games 2024 and Khelo India Youth Games 2024 at a function held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
“We should not rush, we have a police department which has been authorized by law to investigate, we will get a report,” he said.
The announcement by the MDA government through the Deputy Chief Minister to bring in more skilled foreign workers has surprised not only the various civil society organizations but also the indigenous people.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has seized an 18 wheeler truck trailer (AS01-PC-8863) from the factory of M/S Goldstone Cement LTD, Lumshnong.
Habakkuk 1:2–2/12–17/2:1.
The District Mineral Fund (DMF) is the District Mineral Fund (DMF), which is usually donated to the people affected by the mining industry, to save the poor. in the field of agriculture and agriculture, besides conducting any programs for the benefit of the people and those are the basic needs of the people from health, water supply, schools and other development projects. building.
When the French arrived in Khasiland, they found that the population was still small and that justice was still standing.
Two videos shot by the shopkeeper have spread quickly on social media.
Those who attended the inspection included Gordon Khongsit, President of Sengkmie, Apbor Nongrum, President of Ri Bhoi, Bishar Dhar, President of FKJGP, NKHD, Kronding Nongbsap, President of Bhoirymbong and others. other other.
Jesus came to save, heal and deliver.
Twenty-four BSF personnel from the 86th Battalion of the Border Security Force (BSF) in Ambassa have tested positive for Covid-1
The states with the highest number of cases in the past 24 hours were Florida, Carolina and Texas.
Rida went to class well, but suddenly she went to the market to meet Niakha who supported her.
The meeting was also attended by Bah Kyrmen Shylla Minister of Revenue, DC South West Khasi Hills Kong I. Laloo, Government Officers of the Water Resource Department from Shillong to District Officers. together with the District Police Chiefs and the Syiem of Maharam Hima.
On the other hand, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the KHADC, Bah Teinwel Dkhar, said that the District Council will do whatever is necessary to resolve the boundary of the villages and also to support the villages. The Government in relation to the strengthening of the occupation of the areas bordering Assam, so that they fall under Meghalaya.
She said that to make the NFSA more efficient, the department through the implementation of computer systems has registered all the beneficiaries through digitalisation, which can be obtained from the website of this branch.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Union of Leaders of Five Villages, including Shang Bangla, Umskun, Pahamrioh Lum, Pahamrioh Them, Lumbyrhing, Umryngksai, Umlyngkdait and Umshangling, this month met with Bah Paul. Lyngdoh, EM of KHADC, to inform him of their intention to leave the Nongpoh Town Committee.
Pollution of the environment can be in many ways whether it is the spread of garbage, roads, water and even the pollution of the air as well as through the smoke. from factories and automobiles alike.
“At present, there is no proposal to create a new Block.
Following Kannada film star Kichcha Sudeep's announcement that he will support Karnataka Chief Minister Basavaraj Bommai and say he will help in his election campaign, KP Sripal, a lawyer in Shivamogga, said: He sent a letter to the Election Commission, directing him to ban the films and other entertainment of the actor until the winners are announced after the election.
However, there may be many reasons in the coming days which will lead the youth of the country to revive the armed forces.
Dr. Marinsha Lyngdoh, Doctor Incharge of Umsning CHC, was one of the first to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Ri Bhoi. The injection of health workers will continue to other public health centers in Ri Bhoi.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 31: Two residents of Malchapara have been arrested by the Assam Police and 25 others, including three women, have been arrested by the Assam Police. Leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (MDA)
Speaking on the occasion, the Umsning Constituency People's Forum (UCPF) from Bah RB Shadap President and other leaders said that the meeting was only for the leaders of the various units. Umsning Constituency to get their decision on which party to contest and to prepare for the upcoming elections, as at present this candidate is still in the UCPF group and as the biggest supporters want him to contest. There are no prominent parties in the state which have a strong foundation to work for the people.
From these announcements, it was seen that the worst affected area is Lum Jaintia Hills. There, it was seen that the government has upgraded only one Police Station in West Jaintia, Nartiang and one Police Station. There is no police station in East Jaintia Hills.
“It is the duty of the MDA:2 government to defend the Reservation Policy before the court and if it cannot, it should take responsibility,” said the Seng.
However, when the authorities in charge of the highways do not do anything to improve these highways, it causes problems to the passengers who have to pass through this area.
This law shall not apply until further notice.
The four organizations also warned the perpetrators and individuals or groups involved that if such an incident happens again in the future, the four organizations will investigate and punish according to the law.
The deceased was from East Khasi Hills.
Police have arrested this man after receiving a complaint from an anonymous woman from a village in West Khasi Hills regarding the rape of a woman. The accused was identified as Mebanrilang Syiem Shangoi from a village in West Khasi Hills.
The Masi should arrive at Bosco Pnar, Jowai within 3 days.
Another news is that the KHADC has issued a certificate to one of the Sordars of Raid Mynsaw.
The Wayanad MP has made it clear that he will resign from 25th June, two days after the results of the MP elections. he didn’t listen at all.
However, the sad thing is that at this time we see that the words knowledge and shame have no meaning when we speak the truth.
“This formalin affects not only the consumers but also the sellers who touch the fish. It's a good idea for the sellers too," she added.
In the 24kg sub-junior (boys) category, Sammarbiang Kharsahnoh of EKH defeated Nangkhraw Kharsyiemiong of EWKH to win the gold medal.
We are not talking about one bag, but multiple ones that this particular ‘tribe’ will survive and continue to be able to expand its operations in various fields.
Rio Marboh scored the goals for North Liberty and Rishandabok Marwein scored the goals for Sibsingh.
The NHAI has already allocated T.30 crore to the state government for the purpose of acquiring the land needed for the construction of the road but the state government has not been able to hand over the land. it caused to slow down.
Let us now look at the events that followed the 1000 years.
Nongstoin, March 13: A Jeep (No ML05A 0693) has collided with a Sumo at 7:30 pm this evening. ML06 6420 is located on the road from Nongstoin to Riangdo.
The pre quarter final of the Narpuh District Football Tournament (ENSA) will be played tomorrow at the Umkiang Stadium.
The bloodshed in Manipur, in which tens of thousands of residents have been displaced, will remind us how much the residents of Manipur are suffering from being displaced and evicted from their homes. .
? The Kongthei came out and said, “Rung rung
Although this policy is appropriate in the north, but in our country it is not necessary to pass an exemption like the CAA because we are tribals who are still minorities in all aspects (ST), otherwise we shall perish in the generations to come as the most special nation in the world.
VPP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said this while speaking at a rally at the Additional Secretariat from 10 am to 10 pm to demand the government. The State shall not convene a special session to discuss the Reservation Policy.
If the Nagaland government can do it, why can't the Meghalaya government do the same?” said a statement sent by the General Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw.
After receiving the complaint, Pynshngaiñ said that the KHADC has given two months to the Hima Mylliem to hold a Hima Dorbar.
Khlur said the BJP has received information through the ksiang who have come to try to talk about the joining of the BJP by the leaders of other parties. , could not yet comment, as she was waiting for the perfect day to address the press.
Shillong, Lber 14 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh has called together all the officers of the department to monitor the work of the department and also for the purpose of improving the services. in population health.
“It is Bah Ardent who has come to Mylliem constituency, he has gone to mislead the Hynniewtrep people but if the people believe in this man, the people will be destroyed,” he said.
Last month, Nitish confirmed that all the opposition parties had confirmed that they would take part in the rally to be held on July
Nongstoiñ, Lber 2: The new MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah RG Momin, has decided to join the National People's Party (NPP). don't be on the side of the government.
One elder, who did not want to be named, said that there are church leaders who, even if a member of the church does not come to church for a whole year, but he can provide church offerings, they don't remember. to go to the meeting.
Police have recovered an AK-47 from him.
The HNLC said that in the past 10 years, the MUA Government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma has used itself to talk only with the new political parties in Garo Hills, which have not had the right to vote. There is a strong foundation on which even the politicians have forgotten that the peace in Khasi-Jaintia Hills has been restored for more than 30 years.
However, none of the decisions of the KHADC have been implemented yet as the pollution in Iewduh is still high especially in Basa Sohsaw due to the lack of cleaners appointed by the Hima Mylliem.
Chyne said that applications from four other constituencies, namely Mawryngkneng, Mawkynrew, Nongkrem, Sohra and Mawphlang have not been sent yet.
(4) No meeting or meeting of more than 100 persons shall be held in any unlicensed place without notifying the relevant authorities at least three days before the meeting.
“We can appoint another inquiry if we don't accept the report of the previous inquiry,” said Myntri Rangah, adding that the state government will take action against anyone involved according to the findings of the inquiry committee.
The Prime Minister today held talks with those involved in the conduct of the Class 12 examinations, where they explained various topics, the involvement of state governments and others.
This assistance was provided by the Central Government under the Security Related Expenditure Scheme.
At this meeting, Dr. Mukul promised to the people on the grounds that the TMC has stood in the state to deliver them from many problems and bring about a bright future.
The incident occurred when at 11:30 pm, there was a riot inside the village and the village leaders received information about the riot.
On the other hand, the farmers also expressed their deep sorrow and urged the government through the Ministry of Agriculture to look into the loss of them as farmers.
On 26/6/2008, the General Assembly decided to request the District Council to recognize it as a Hima Sirdarship as the District Council had recognized and confirmed it in
Shillong, July 5: Almost all the shops in Iewduh, especially the Dkhars, have stopped selling Maggi, manufactured by Nestle, after it was banned by the government.
Two mobile phones were also seized from them.
“Can the government provide the same price to all electricity consumers from the public and industries, and is this right?” he asked.
He said that the construction of weigh bridges is the responsibility of the Transport Department and not his department.
Abraham's servant was a godly man who sought the will of God when he did whatever his master sent him to do.
At present, the revenue from kyiad is T.350 crore per annum.
Regarding the sleeping accommodation, the company has provided beds for one or two hours and the Society has been raising the issues of the children especially in the field of sleep.
Shillong: The KSU Mawlai Circle has organized another Basketball Tournament this year. This time it will not be only Mawlai Open, but Open To All. Khasi Basketball Ground will be held at the Mawlai Nonglum Basketball Ground.
Shillong, Nailar : The Sohra Government College Alumni Association (SOA) will hold its public meeting on the 27th of this month at 1 pm at the hall of the college.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 1,990 and the death toll has risen to 1,3
She said that the Joint Secretary of KHADC, Bah DG Syiemiong, has investigated the matter and she has received the report of the investigation but she still has to examine it thoroughly. The report shall be submitted to the Executive Committee.
Jowai, Jymmang 17: Police in West Jaintia Hills District this morning have arrested a prisoner who escaped from Ialong Civil Hospital.
These drivers of commercial vehicles said that while they can earn, they will continue to earn but if they can no longer earn, they will turn into private vehicles, because the fare is no longer available.
Speaking as the chief guest, Samla Lambokstar Marngar urged the students who come to study and work in New Delhi not to neglect their purpose and goals and to remember the manners of the country. glory and honor that come.
• We pray for the blessing of forgiveness and the grace to forgive one another.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 265 people have been confirmed with the virus and there are 2636 active cases in the state.
“He said that in the past few days he had met with the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sharma and said that after the end of the North East Olympic Games, the two Chief Ministers they shall sit down together again.
According to the Meghalaya Food Grains/SK Oil Control Order, 2022, the term of the dealers will be five (three) years, from 2023 to
This is the first time that Tata Trusts has collaborated with the All India Football Federation and the Meghalaya Football Association.
This will help reduce traffic congestion in the city.
Last month, the NIA court dismissed the complaint in the Chabua police station case and now the complaint in the Chandmari police station case, said Rahul Sensowa, a lawyer for the NIA. you're Gogoi's side.
This is also because most of the pig farmers have only one or four pigs.
Many youths from Bangalore took part in the performance of traditional Khasi songs.
Meanwhile, Bah Bindo M Lanong, Working President of the UDP, said that if the traders come, they will go and talk to them and shake hands and then leave. “I'm going to leave,” said Bah Bindo.
He was taken to hospital for post mortem and police are investigating the incident.
“It is because of the Government's failure that the political parties have continued to use their power and in the end, it is the people who have become 'langkñia,” said Dr. Donkupar Roy.
He said that the insurgents are attacking the police with their own tactics and the police should fight against this.
Bantu Sheikh, husband of Kong Sinal Sutnga, said he escaped death after three men took him to a place after another friend of theirs took him away. vehicle; these five men conspired to kill Muntu Sheikh by throwing him into a river in the Karimganj area; but fortunately he did not die and jumped to shore and sought help.
“The Election Commission of India does not have the authority to elect the President of the party and the office bearers of the CEC but it is the authority of the General Convention.
In addition to the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Kanpur, which led the survey in collaboration with IIT-Delhi and the Energy and Resources Institute (TERI), the Delhi Pollution Control Committee (DPCC) has been the center for the survey. fulfill the implementation.
He also warned the vendors who sell overpriced food items and directed the DCs to ensure that there should be no overpricing of food items but they should sell at the price set. it should be based on the value.
Shillong: Speaking to reporters, Bah Charles Pyngrope, on Tuesday recalled that it was the day of the Trinamool, which had honored and defeated the BJP in the last elections in West Bengal.
At the same time, he said that the registration of people is ongoing and so far there are more than 21 lakh residents in the state.
Buckingham Palace on Tuesday announced that Harry has already sent information to witness his father's coronation at Westminster Abbey.
Khliehriat, July 11: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit on Tuesday visited a family in Jalyiah village who are in poverty. There were also children who suffered and suffered since the death of their mother and were looked after by their relatives.
On the other hand, Maheh, who was very happy, decided to meet his father first to discuss the matter.
If you want to criticize someone, it is better to write in Khasi.
The Mizoram Legislative Assembly on 28th June passed a resolution opposing the central government's decision to close the border and abolish the free movement regime (FMR).
However, the Player of the Match award went to Monica Singh, who scored 50 runs without being out before taking four wickets through the ball.
The Transport Department should not just issue a notification but where are the MVIs, and the order issued by the DC should be fully implemented,” he said. The trucks pass by every day, but they don't do anything.
Referring to the three mid-term elections, James said that in Mawphlang Constituency, James was appointed as Convener and on his part, he continued to attend. He held a meeting with the Block Congress of Mawphlang, but on the 12th it was announced that he had been removed as Convener of Mawphlang.
He said the Home Department has started district-level police infrastructure and police housing and has strengthened the Fire Emergency Services as required.
The Secretary of the Seng Kur Pala strongly condemned this unfounded allegation against these Rangbah especially against Bah Briwon Pohshna who is also the father of the Kur.
The All Meghalaya Karbi Association holds this annual meeting of the Karbi people in Meghalaya with the aim of promoting unity among the Karbi people and also to preserve the customs and traditions. customs and traditions of the Karbi people in Meghalaya.
Three vehicles were damaged near the Yan Taing Aung Pagoda in Eastern Shan State in Lashio and four men were killed in the blast.
He said that despite the obstacles, the HYC will continue its strike at the office or anywhere else.
At the same time, the Minister promised to upgrade the Maweit PHC to a CHC with 50 beds. u Minister of Health and Family Welfare, to expedite the allocation of funds, so that it will benefit the people of Maweit area.
The cause of the incident is not yet known and the relevant departments are investigating to find out the cause of the incident.
Thus he showed his strength against the Indian rulers by using the Letter Head of the Government of Nongstoin.
In the first bout of the boys' category, Akash of G&P Gym defeated Sajid of Dastbi Assam by Galitin Choke. In the second bout of the women's category, Phiba defeated Sajid of Dastbi Assam. In the 3rd bout of the men's category, Banjop defeated Kevin by TKO and in the 4th bout, Dame defeated Kyrshanlang by rear naked choke.
• Faith teaches to live together, to share together, not to take sides, to be partial and to act partially.
Regarding the suspension of these four persons, the union will continue to monitor without rest, because the suspension of these four persons, it is understood that they are just ideas created by the Dean and the There is no basis for anything, because he has given many reasons, from lack of money, violation of rules and who dared to accuse them of drinking alcohol while on duty, he has added.
Shillong, June 3: U Hilarius Poh, an independent candidate for Nongkrem MLA constituency in the last election, has said that he supports the Congress candidate Vincent H Pala as a 'Kha' 'Wait'.
Meghalaya Election Results 2024 (Update at 1 PM) Parliamentary Constituency 1 – Shillong Dr.Ricky Andrew J.Syngkon (Voice of the People Party) – 529,060  votes Leading Trailing: Vincent H.Pala (Indian National Congress) – 182,725  vote Ampareen Lyngdoh (National People's Party) – 175,371 votes Robertjune Kharjahrin (United Democratic Party) – 42,637votes Prof.Lakhon Kma (Independent) – 17,261 votes Peter Shallam (Independent) – 6,487 votes Saleng Constituency NOTA4 – 1 vote Sangma (Indian National Congress) – 378, 738  votes Leading Trailing: Agatha K.Sangma (National People's Party) – 224, 567 votes Zenith M.Sangma (All India Trinamool Congress) – 47,568 votes Labenn Ch.
Nongpoh, Jymmang, 13: “I was born to serve and the spirit of service is still strong even in my old age,” said Dr. DD Lapang while speaking at the ceremony of inauguration and erection of his statue. today at Ri Bhoi College.
The CSWO has also named eight MLAs including Sanbor Shullai, HDR Lyngdoh, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit and Pynshngaiñlang N. Syiem in KHADC while Stephenson Mukhim in JHADC.
The East Jaintia Hills Truck Owners and Transporters Association (EJHTO&TA) in a statement sent by its President, Bah Kyrshan Dkhar, has expressed its full support to the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District. The Khasi Students' Union-Narpuh Circle and the Jaintia Students' Movement-Eastern Region (KSU) on their deadline to the government to immediately repair the National Highway-6 shisha now shaba palace you pud.
Shillong: After the posting of a photograph and name of a young man named Jeffreson Jana, who is accused of killing two children in Nongrah Nonglum, ; Police have clarified that the suspect involved in the murder of these two children is Bah Jeofreeson Jana, not Bah Jeffreson Jana.
It’s just the outside writing.
It’s a very difficult job.
Nagaland's creation of the RIIN comes after Assam implemented the National Registration of Citizens (NRC) for four years.
Eating these foods can prevent stomach problems and improve digestion.
Earlier, Karnataka Chief Minister Basavaraj Bommai and police officials said the blast in the autorickshaw was caused by an improvised explosive device (IED).
Such insults and corruption, the village authorities cannot remain silent or blind, and with one mind they will have to run forward until they reach the hands of the CBI. said Bah SD Lyngdoh in a statement.
Heisar Bareh and Heipormi Laloo of Umshangiar took two wickets each.
In his speech, Babu C Khongngain encouraged and blessed these students as they are the first batch of soldiers to sit for the CUET-PG through Computer Based Testing (CBT) and urged them to fight with courage to achieve the goal, so that they themselves one day will be able to become teachers in the colleges of the state.
In the field of employment, there is no longer any discrimination against those who have money.
Students can apply online through printed and completed application forms can also be sent to the place of study along with the required documents and only online applications will be accepted and will not be accepted. accept those who are offline.
The winners of the veteran men's single were Arbines Lyngdoh who won first place and Pulos Kharbuli who came runners up.
Meghalaya today opened the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 in a grand manner at the SAI Training Center on 10th November. Tens of thousands of people, athletes and government officials came to witness.
There are places where vehicles are not even passable anymore," he added.
In the semi final, Sohryngkham SC beat Sacred Heart Football Academy 4-0
He said that in the past, many people from Umkiang used to go to the Lukha River to fish, but now they don't go anymore because there is a shortage of fish since there are cement factories in these areas.
“The education department will have to investigate the reasons for the decline in enrollment in schools by sending officers to inspect such schools because There may be many reasons, such as inadequate classrooms, teachers or school principals and others.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah S.Budnah, said that the most important need in these days is to preserve and protect the living things in the environment. long the trees, the animals, and so on.
“If you expect to go smoothly now, it may not happen but it will take some time,” he said.
HANM through Ranikor Circle Secretary B.Kharlatang has urged the MeECL office to investigate who is involved in the illegal making of these bills.
But still he gets out of bed to take a shower because he is very thirsty.
It wasn't until extra time that Nongumlong scored the winning goal after their goalkeeper was sent off in the field of Sanmer.
If the construction of this bridge had not been completed, these farmers would have been able to sell their produce to the market.
The Hyundai EXTER also reflects the attitude of Indian consumers known as the 'Gen MZ' who have a strong spirit of travel and exploration.
It is learned that as soon as the collision happened, the residents who witnessed the collision, immediately rushed to the aid of the four people inside the Maruti Car who sustained serious injuries. They were taken to Bhoirymbong CHC for treatment.
This is part of the relief efforts for the residents of the State especially those living in the rural areas.
The incident happened at 5 pm this evening when the Scorpio (AS 01 DH 1716) was leaving Shillong for Guwahati. The NHAI has not yet removed the mawria hidden along the road without improving the divider until it has turned completely along the road.
How beautiful and hopeful it is to see that the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun (SSMP) has come forward to become a tool to empower the people especially the residents of Mawlai as a whole.
SHILLONG: Up to 15 trucks of illegal coal have been seized in East Jaintia Hills and Ribhoi District in recent days.
This sohmyn ken was brought from Bhoi and Ri War.
Shillong, November 08 (PIB): The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, G. Kishan Reddy, in reply to a letter in the Rajya Sabha today, said that Meghalaya , 481 settlements have been connected out of 602 settlements allocated for connectivity under the PMGSY. Furthermore, the Border Management Department of the Ministry of Home Affairs has taken 992 settlements. projects in the North East, including Meghalaya under the Road & Bridges category, from 2014-1
The Counting Agent of Khongmawloh, Junestwelve Syngkrem, said that the Chairman could not verify the loss of 30 votes out of 463 from Lapalang Polling Station.
But it ends in disappointment.
Dr. Maxwell Lyngdoh, Counselor and Career Expert and Samla Hame Shaniah Suiam, world famous Kickboxing player who gave training on health. George B Lyngdoh MLA, Cornelius Laloo, one of the journalists, RSEYDS President Comfort Rympei, Samla Pyrchah Rympei Secretary and others.
At the same time, he hoped that the DC will not implement this order because this month it has not done anything.
These include EKH: 24, RBD: 1 and WGH:
Shillong: The appointment of Bah DD Lapang as the government advisor by the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has prompted his colleagues to criticize him and accuse him of being a money launderer.
“Besides, he said, “The DC has come and gone...the Election Commissioner has come and gone, but he has said 'what will be done'
Besides Conrad, others who will take the oath will be Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar, James K Sangma, Timothy Shira and Comingone Ymbon.
According to the report, in 2022, there were a total of 4,61,312 road accidents in the country, of which 1,51,997 (32.9 per cent) occurred in National Highways (NH), including Expressways, 1,06,682 (23.1 per cent) on State Highways (SH) and 2,02,633 (43.9 per cent) on State Highways (SH). cent) took place on the streets.
Shillong, Nailar 14 : The Meghalaya Judo Association ( Meghalaya Judo Association ) has selected five male and female judo players to represent the state at the Senior National Judo Championship 2022- 23 will be held in Lucknow from 16th to 20th July
He said India has prepared 22 tonnes of food, 2 tonnes of medicines, 50 tonnes of water, as well as a large number of relief items.
This also shows that the voters are not yet educated.
The blang is slow, 'yiarryngkuh and slow;
“From what we’ve seen firsthand, the situation is under control.
All religions in the world believe in the existence of one God, although they worship him in different forms, the most important thing in human life is to have peace of mind, he said.
educationwww.meghalayaonline.
Shillong: A Tata Indico (ML05 E 0866) has been set on fire at Nongmynsong by unidentified persons on Tuesday.
Referring to the problem of farmers, he said that two years ago, 700 farmers died under the rules introduced by the BJP-led Government when they protested against the three laws. ' (3 Black Laws).
The DC said that those who sell bad food items such as rice, sugar, dai, umphniang and others and especially plastic rice as shown in the media will be punished according to the law.
According to a police source, while the police were conducting a raid on the 15th of this month, the robbers had agreed with the family members to pay T. There was also a heavy shooting between the police and these gangs at Mawram (Nunmati) village at 8:30 pm.
It is learned that the bail of the 18 members of the union when they raided the MUDA office has been canceled due to their inability to appear before the Investigating Officer. , according to the schedule.
The Meghalaya Prayer and Church Transformation Initiative will hold a prayer for peace in Manipur on the 1st, November, 2023 at 4 pm at Bianchi Memorial Hall near the Catholic Cathedral Church, Laitumkhrah.
The girl, who has a child, is the daughter of a woman who has been disagreeing with her husband for the past few months.
She will also start working with Karan Johar again next year.
He said that the government needs to introduce a law or a rule to ban the purchase of land by the rich while the poor do not get land to build their houses. they are the reason why the rich buy land at a high price.
He said that education to have good schools in the area especially in the rural areas is essential to free the children from dropping out of school especially the poor.
In 2013, when the United Democratic Party (UDP) had only eight MLAs, the former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, based it on the decision of the former Speaker. u Bah EK Mawlong (late) who recognized the party which has 6 MLAs for the post of Leader of the Opposition.
Shillong, March 27: The Achik National Liberation Army (ANLA) has seized coal trucks carrying more than 9 tonnes of coal in Ri-Lum. Garro.
He said that as the leaders of the State, the focus should be on the welfare of the people.
The BJP has launched the number 18002662020 on November 1, 2014, which means that those who wish to become members of the party can become members by missing a call to this number. The number was launched by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is also the first member of the BJP to miss calls to the number.
They are more active and courageous to do anything for the benefit of especially with the Bank.
Jowai, Nailar 4: A man has been arrested by the police on suspicion of robbery and theft of valuables from a house at Mission Compound Jowai (Pohskur). Police arrest in Jowai today.
And the man who was bitten by a hornet fell dead as soon as he was bitten.
Jeremiah 51:21–23.
On this issue, there is a need for an understanding between the border residents of India and Bangladesh and it would be good if they have a trade committee between the neighboring countries and through them, there should be a trade committee. The transportation of food and beverages, household items and villages will receive revenue, as they agree and then they will be transported to trade across Meghalaya and Bangladesh. that they may earn a living, and that they may not produce illegal goods.
The blessings we receiveThe development of the country is through unity.
Speaking at the confirmation ceremony of the RBYF Women's Wing from Byrnihat Circle, Bah RJ Thangkhiew, said that the RBYF Women's Wing still has a goal to continue. Many leaders from the Longkmie and young women, because as the organization we also have confidence in the Longkmie too that they can do many great things for the development of the society.
Shillong, Nailur : The Secretary of Pynthorsohma Village, Ri Bhoi District, Bah S.Iawphniang, on Tuesday said that they have received information that the border dispute between the Hima Mylliem and the Hima Khyrim Syiemship is still ongoing. These days in the District Council Court, Shillong.
Shillong, July 24: Plenty Syiem, resident of Kharmalki, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station that on July 1, 2000, she handed over the documents belonging to the Hima. Two persons, Hindro Samakha and SP Nongphud, were injured with the promise to return the document after they have Xeroxed the document.
Regarding this special event, the group of journalists in Ri Bhoi, expressed their gratitude for the special memorial and those who were able to showcase the event, through the assistance with food and money as well.
“The youth of the country and the nation are facing a severe shortage of jobs so in such a job is precious for human life, the government department should do the right thing to provide assistance to those who deserve it so that they can “I can dedicate myself to help my fellow human beings,” said Bah Nongrum.
Freelyson Tariang, Evemmy Tariang, Riborlang Llyngkhoi and Venelson Marboh scored the goals for Nongbsap.
On Monday, Umrit will play against Seng Samla Laitryngew at 3 pm in Shillong.
“It is not my wish or the wish of others but the party is collecting information and according to the party rules, anyone who has an idea can come forward to submit their application,” he said. Come on Paul.
In fact, due to the incompletion of the construction of the full office of the Wapung C&RD Block on the land donated by Wapungskur and Wapungshnong Villages to the State Government for the public office, temporarily inaugurated the temporary office of the office in a building in Wapungskur village in October,
Velroy Cardozo (19') and Macbon Valen Fernandes (48') scored for Goa while Himanshurai (50') and Mohammad Taushif (54') scored for UP.
Shillong: Two Pastors, Rev Shanlang Warjri and Rev AI Kharshiing, today wrote to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, expressing their regret over the delivery of kyiad to them. home.
RBDCA : Benedict Jones Makdoh, Soojal Roy, Gaurav Narleng, Sanjay Sawkuta, Pynshai S Timung, Rocky Saha, Nobojit Chettri, Suraj Kapri, Keshab Shah, Anmol Kr Shah, Vikram Marbaniang, Adrian Rymbai, Aryan Tomar, Manbhalang L Subedil .
They cannot talk to their loved ones, friends, social acquaintances.
it is better for us to think and surprise people now.
Felix Matta, who had this desire, as a good young man, heard the call to become a priest and joined the Salesian Society of Don Bosco.
Others who attended the meeting were Chief Organizing Secretary of HANM Monkini Shylla, Lector Dkhar Publicity Secretary HANM Ladrymbai, Emjingmut Law President HANM Laskein Circle, West Jaintia Hills District.
Rushia Dkhar scored a hat-trick of goals (33′, 50′, 58′).
It is right for the Meghalaya High Court to send the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) to help ensure the movement of trucks on the roads.
“Some people say to delete their bank accounts, some say to delete their mobile phones,” said the Pastor. .
He last played until November 1993 to start living a new life.
The state government at that time had approved an allocation of more than Rs 8 crore.
No of posts:- 1 (One)Pay Scale:- Level-1, Rs.6,500-160-7620-EB-210-9510-290-12700/- per month.
Those who attended the function included Bah Henry Marngar, President of Lum-Umpih Unit, Bah George Dkhar, Secretary of Lum-Umpih Village and other RBYF leaders, including Bah Shaining Thangkhiew, Bah Shaining Thangkhiew, President of Lum-Umpih Unit; Devan Warjri, Banlum Rangtong and Anthony Nongrum.
On this occasion, Shangpliang said that this shows that the minister did not know about the incident, so he wants to know how the police went to the scene and then who gave the incident. “Is it necessary to kill a person instead of arresting him?” he asked. and the minister said, No man shall be able to kill a man.
At present, there are hundreds and thousands of unemployed youth in the District.
We feel it is necessary to point out here also that the ryngkew rice, that is, the rice obtained from the mountain rice or the rice planted in the lyngdum-rkhiang, is better for the human body than the rice from the rice fields. kba threw.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, East Jaintia Hills District, has ordered all shops and residents to close the 10 tangka coins in East Jaintia Hills District. to accept the 10 tyngka note issued by the Reserve Bank of India.
We cannot cover these.
At the time of writing, many vehicles with flags and other private vehicles were seen heading towards Polo area from different parts of East Khasi Hills District. and parts of Shillong as well.
“We have got clean air, we should not damage the environment by burning forests which can affect small trees,” said Sumer.
After the inspection, Bah Rocky Marwein, promised to take action to improve and improve the existing ground and especially to make it more comfortable to receive the stadium. heavy prayer.
, Planmarshan Diengdoh 1 goal and Chesterfield Diengdoh.
They talk about the need to take advantage and make proper use of the health services.
Mawrie said that many of the development works that have been done in the last four and a half years are schemes of the Central Government led by the BJP. expressed confusion about where the money came from.
In which the government has exempted some jobs during the curfew.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of District Council Affairs after a meeting with the CEMs of the three ADCs from KHADC, JHADC and GHADC at the Secretariat on Thursday.
The titles of the articles are, (i) The census of the Khasi and Synteng and (ii) The custom of sharing the income of the father in the Khasi and Synteng lands.
This is due to drug abuse and also the conflict in relation to the work and the conduct of the examination of him and others as well.
It is hoped that by 2023 as the Government has set a target to complete these construction projects on time so that it will be of benefit to the talented athletes.
The next morning, the police came in a group and arrested the members of the last brother of Bah Let who is the Rangbah Shnong.
The winner of the stone throwing competition will receive a cash prize of 3000 tyngka.
The place of his birth was not revealed.
The Elite Pathway Program (EPP) is a three-day training program organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association in collaboration with the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs. NEHU students graduated on Saturday.
One wrongly appointed teacher will destroy 20 to 30 generations of children who will come to be taught by him.
Shillong Lajong, which is also the leading club in the I-League 2023-24, has won again at home after beating Churchill Brothers 2-0 -0 in the first leg of the match played at SSA Polo Ground, Shillong.
On Conrad's claim that only two out of 23 villages have gone to Assam, Dr Mukul said that even Joypur has already been handed over to Assam.
He said that the Shad Sukra was held before the planting of phniang seeds in the fields as a sign of thanksgiving to the Mother Nature who has provided food and drink to the villagers.
The statement said that if the government postpones the deadline until the end of October, it will be five months and this will put more pressure on the SSA teachers in the state.
These two persons who have been dismissed from MUDA Byrnihat, if appointed, will not be able to travel to the banwan on a monthly salary of T.2500, because the salary is too low compared to the travel and food and drink. do not man the day.
Shillong, July 07 : The National People's Party (NPP) which is currently in power in the state has to fight hard to win candidates from all 60 constituencies in the state.
In the U-14 category (Men), Saidul Ali (60m & long jump), John Milton Sohphoh (shot put & javelin) were the winners. Bethlyne G Makri (400m & 800m), Rinalis Ingty (high jump), Marqueenless Ramsiej (3000m & 5000m), Riyoka Rymbai (long jump).
Hamilton, a well-known Formula One driver, and Tom Cruise, a well-known Hollywood actor, have been close friends for 40 years.
“What we cannot understand is how the department has implemented this OTS, to exempt VAT, because this tax is collected in accordance with the rules of the Meghalaya VAT Act and Rules.
The 22 persons were arrested from Guwahati, North Lakhimpur, Dhemaji, Sadiya, Dibrugarh and Tinsukia.
This mluh is the most common in India.
Jony Bakordor Nongkhlaw scored the first goal for Meghalaya in the 11th minute through Samchaphrang Lato and five minutes later, Daminot Wahlangu scored the second goal for Meghalaya.
On July 8, 2023, the DC has imposed a ban on the import of fish after testing positive for formalin.
Kolkata: Thirty-four doctors have resigned from JNM Hospital in Kalyana and 144 doctors from Kolkata Kolkata Municipal Corporation have decided to take leave in the coming days.
Shillong, Lber 29: A strong wind and rain in the past few days, has damaged one of the oldest houses in Sohra, which has existed since the time of the Missionaries in Sohra.
From the ata and moida of the above-mentioned wheat called durum, suji or semai, vermicelli or macaroni are made.
On the other hand, he said that the central government's directive to the state government to pay the employees in the bank account is to relieve them from the harassment of the owners because sometimes in writing they say 8,0 in the hands of the workers it reached only 6 thousand.
In another development, it was reported that a case of covid-19 has been confirmed at Legacy General Store, Dedar Market, Police Bazaar. day, according to a government statement.
He said that he started this business after he learned that many foreigners from other states come to earn money in the state. which is like the shepherds.
ASCI has also been prominent in its ability to improve education in India and also to empower companies, administrators, local employees and experts with skills through a comprehensive education system in all fields. issues related to government, companies and voluntary groups.
We demand that the KHADC should look into this issue because if the Dkhars can become Khasi in the name of Tangjait, there will be many who take advantage of Tangjait to avoid getting trading licence, to buy land from them. to benefit from the Meghalaya Reservation Policy, to contest elections from ST reserved seats and also to be exempt from Income Tax.
Experts and doctors say that those who drink milk get a balanced diet which helps to build the human body and also get a variety of vitamins that help fight diseases.
Many have opposed the Bill, especially from the North Eastern Parties who have forced and protested against the Bill.
The union said that the residents have expressed their surprise to see that the bill has come in the wrong time (once 3.4 months) and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people.
The Rangbah is the strong man, the strong man, who carries the burden of his wife, children and his whole family.
The RMPL has also been empowered to issue licenses under Sec 33(3) of the Copyright Act, 1957 for the use of sound recordings.
WJH, who failed to tied first, scored 146 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 20 overs. Anastesia S Shullai was the top scorer of 41 runs. Sawakahi Syngkon scored 19 runs.
In the Under-14 Boys category, Marian Hill HS School beat All Saint Diocesan School 2-0
According to the law, it is prohibited to write any articles, to put up any posters or banners and to display anything that insults or speaks against others. , to hold flags in government buildings.
"“Don't sell your votes to those who come only for 2 or 3 months and after the election they will disappear, don't listen to their election campaigns and don't turn away from those who are doing well. you are like translating your own Bible.
Shillong, July 28: The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSA) today expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Chiranjib Choudhri, former General Secretary of the MSOA. Chiranjib Choudhri has served as General Secretary of MSOA from 2015 to
The 16 villages invaded by the Karbi are Rtiang Sanphaw, Tadolangso, Langkumwei, Langhemphi, Rongpangbong, Umbaso, Kroo Arong, Chenan Cherop, Tahpat, Wanpung, Samatan and Umkhyrmi. , Mookoilum, Moothade, Tibin and Inginlangso.
Then he completed his Class V to Class VI (1996-1998) at Marianhill Hill Secondary School, Jowai.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The President of STIEH, Kong Purity Phawa, while speaking at a rally in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah, said that the The meeting was attended by the NPP MLA from Mawryngkneng and the NPP party as a whole because many of its policies are against the jaidbynriew. Bah Pynïaid Singh King.
The Bangladesh government has purchased 4407 cows for the Eid celebrations.
On the other hand, the RBSU, after it appeared in the media that there is an allegation of theft of petrol in Ri Bhoi and that the company has refused to cover the bailut ksan of the pump owners, The union has lodged a complaint with the SP to investigate and arrest those involved in these illegal activities.
When contacted by Rupang, the Principal of the school, Kong DG Chen, said that since the beginning of the scheme, the school has not deprived the children of lunch as stipulated by the government.
“It's time for me to leave because I can't finish my work at home...” said Rida. “Yes, son, I'll come here if there's anything wrong.
At the same time, they alleged that the PDF Party in Umsning Constituency under the leadership of MLA Bah Jason Mawlong, has been biased and does not respect anyone.
Many of them don't have houses and families.
In fact, the committee was scheduled to complete its work within three months from October to July.
Rida's mother was very different from Panah's speech.
The total number of confirmed cases in the country is 753, of which 311 cases are in East Khasi Hills, 29 cases in West Khasi Hills, 101 cases in Ribhoi District, 23 cases in West Jaintia Hills, cases from East Garo Hills, 92 cases from East Garo Hills and 10 cases from North Garo Hills.
Woe to the Israelites who accepted this Anti Messiah because they rejected and did not recognize that Jesus was their Messiah.
To respect and honor all faiths including unbelievers.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was held at the Dorbar Hall of Shangpung Pohshnong under the chairmanship of DMHO Dr. KC Ajar.
Members of the HNYF, Jirang Circle, including Bah Alfred Lyngdoh, President, Bah Intor Ranee, Vice-President and others. They conducted a surprise inspection in these areas to find out the truth about the illegal mining in the area.
He added that the purpose of this Act is to free the farmers to sell their hard-earned produce at the right time and to have adequate storage space to bring in trade. the price of agricultural products in a transparent manner and also that the price of agricultural products shall be in accordance with the provisions of the law.
“In this regard, we request you to take action on this allegation against the INC candidate and we request you to take immediate action against the INC candidate so that he will be removed from the The NPP Mawlai Unit has strongly condemned the Congress candidate and demanded that he should apologise.
However, there are others who earn during elections and the more elections, the more they earn.
He said that if the people elect him to lead, it is his duty to ensure that the youth should no longer wait for government jobs.
The museum will house photographs of the state's heroes, culture, and other traditional ways of life.
She said that it is surprising that the Minister's statement does not comply with the guidelines announced by the National Health Mission, which states that any ASHA who has worked for up to 50 years after The NHM will provide a financial assistance of 20,000 tyngka to each ASHA. Besides, the ASHA leader also strongly criticized the government for its lack of attention. says that ASHAs are only volunteers.
He said that due to the mistake in the election of the government, there are 40 kinds of problems like what happened in the border areas, which have been sold to Assam by selfish people.
“This is something that the government should think carefully about,” she said.
It is suspected that the vehicle was intended to smuggle piat to Bangladesh.
The court also allowed the Jowai Police Station to investigate for another five days.
The people have complained, all the people have complained about the road and as its leader he has a feeling and influence on this complaint of the people.
It has declared 4 C&RD Block, 2 in Khasi-Jaintia, Mawlai and Bhoi Rymbong, 2 in Lum Garo, Dendema and Rerapara. -Jaintia in Ranikor and one in Rongjeng-East Garo Hills.
Five armed men suspected to be militants detonated two bombs, one at the security post at the gate of the factory and the other outside the factory. .
“Until the government takes adequate measures to curb the illegal entry of mynder into the state, we will oppose any attempt to introduce railways in the state,” said the CEM. He said the central government has sent several documents, which clarified the uncertainties on the jurisdiction of the Council in the 6Schedule areas and others.
The deceased is Bah Stenshon Nongrum, 45 years old, who has seven children.
In these days, Bah P.Snaitang said that he received two piglets during the distribution in Nongstoiñ, one of them died and the other is still alive.
The meeting was also attended by government officials from various departments of Ri Bhoi including officers accompanying the Union Minister. Arpit Upadhay, gave an explanation on many of the development works they have done through the Aspirational District.
On the other hand, the SP and the heads of the Traffic Police, as a sign of appreciation and to set an example to others that they should help others in case of any incident on the road, today respect him.
“Well, I've gone,” said Kong Rep and went down to the stones of the two-storey house.
Police received a tip that Rakkam and his girlfriend were at a school in Nengsangre village in South Garo Hills. Before they turned to the school, the GNLA members who were guarding their leader opened fire on the police.
The HYC Leader said that during the raid, it was found that some of these foreigners did not have even an Epic card. When asked where the owner got permission to bring them, they replied that the Rangbah Shnong had given permission, but the Rangbah Shnong said that he had no information about the presence of the Rangbah Shnong.
Prestone said that the government's dismissal of those investigating officers because they have retired from their posts and the appointment of those who are still working in the government offices is a sign that they will have more responsibility. You have expressed your concern about the corruption and you want to investigate the officers who are still working and you can still hold the keys at will.
Phermanbha Lyngdoh scored two goals in the 29th and 52nd minutes while Arbandelness Khongsngi scored the other in the 57th minute.
Due to the arrival of heavy rains, cold weather, storms, floods, landslides and others, the Deputy Commissioner & Chairman of the District Disaster Management Authority ( DDMA), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat on the 10th of this month has launched a Helpline Number 1077/0 The authorities are not responsible for this district.
The Indian Grand Prix 3 will start on the 2nd of next month while the fourth leg will be held on the 10th of this month. Both the tournaments will be held in Bengaluru, Karnataka.
On the other hand, Bah PN Syiem said that in Meghalaya, most of the land is private land and this has been confirmed by many decisions of the Supreme Court. “It is illegal to demarcate the boundary without the approval of the District Council and the landowners,” he said.
“I congratulate the police department for working hard to curb these crimes in the state,” he said.
The villagers and members of the HYC, last night stayed all night at the area after driving out the Assam police and blocking the construction of the Police Outpost at the area.
Russian media reported that the militants fired powerful explosives at the Crocus Hall, catching fire and smoke spreading to the city. suin, from that place with the thylliej ding.
There are 89 cases undergoing treatment and 88 cases have recovered, said US Pangnyu Phom, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Kerala finished fourth in Group D. Meghalaya, which won the toss and elected to bat first, took all the wickets of Kerala. 270 in 48.3 overs.
Bah Precious Stone Suchen, Waheh Shnong of Sohkha Mission, gave a speech and encouraged the students of the village to be diligent and strive as hard as they can to succeed in their studies especially in this age of competition. which is now.
They also have a lot of money, especially old money, which was hidden during the time of Sohan D Shira and now they have about T.10 crore, which they have hidden through this money. , that they purchased powerful weapons such as AK 47s, rocket launchers, bombs and others from the NSCN (IM).
“As one of the residents and who has the responsibility to fight against covid-19 by staying at home amidst many difficulties, I express my opposition to the allowance of coal trucks to enter. “We have entered Meghalaya from other states,” said Fendry Khonglah.
Now, there is a Supreme Court decision in 1992 which says that the word “adequate representation” does not have to mean “proportionate representation”.
Many place names have been spelled incorrectly, in Ladrymbai some have been written especially in foreign shops, hotels in Ladrymbai have been written Ladtumbai, in Khliehriat have been written Khilari or Khliehriahat and so on.
Shillong Lajong, which is also the leading club in the I-League, has started the season with a win and no defeat in eight matches. In the last 2 games, the team has lost and dropped from 5th to 3rd position.
The HANM has demanded that the government should not build the roads besides the road or the fly over in the area where there are no schools.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said, “To base the failure of the CEMs is not true because the Council cannot forgive foreigners. conduct business without a trading licence".
Before going to bed, the one who believes in God prays and the one who does not believe in God laughs at him.
Regarding the sting by the doctors at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh, the CoRP, through Bah Pateng Marsing, strongly condemns the sting by the doctors at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh. something that happens every time.
Among the tens of thousands of people who marched, they included children, the elderly and those with disabilities.
“In my place, even if I get a national standard ground of 30-40 lakh, I would be very happy,” said Dr Don.
The MLA said that for the sake of the club, he will continue to help in the coming years so that all the seats will surround the ground and to provide comfort to the spectators.
UCIL has released the money after conducting an inspection of the road,” said Bah Sumer.
The three locations include from Hotel Assembly to Wards Lake, Oakland Road, Polo area, Urkaliar, Quinton Road and from Eee Cee Restaurant to Jail Road Petrol Pump.
He said that he is a political leader because they want to hide the terrible corruption in the police department which he does not want to talk about now.
S. Gogoi and the women of Daphishisha Jamu, Jessica Kurbah and Ibanisha Ryntathiang.
MeECL is creating opportunities to generate electricity to increase the corporation's income and it has been shown that when the price of electricity in India, or Indian Energy Exchange (IEX), is T. 2.95 per unit in July, 2021, but MePDCL sold at T.3.34 per unit, which shows that it has a stable and profitable management, compared to the previous year, when it sold only 10 rupees per unit, for firewood sold outside the state.
On the other hand, the CEO of Madaan said that Tina, after being elected as the State Director, has been able to select the participants to send to various beauty pageants such as Mrs. Heritage World, Divalicious Mrs.Curvy Queen of India and Elite Miss World will be held by Divalicious Mrs.Universe Pvt Ltd.
In the first half, both the teams played hard and Nongjri Youth FC managed to score the first goal in the 28th minute. step.
The Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (MSA) has invited others to come to the court so that they can complete their cases more quickly through these public courts.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the President of the UDP Umsning Circle, Bah Donkupar Sumer, said that the meeting discussed many issues to strengthen the party before the 2023 elections. He also spoke on the development projects that the people need in Umsning Constituency.
The Khasi also believes that the goods should not be taken home.
Not only that, she said that the most important thing is to sit down and hold your position so that you can control your life on your own and don't let others control your life and you should. also to take your own decisions because life has many decisions that start with you and end with you and you should take the opportunity when you get the opportunities and opportunities they come and go to to do that you have to be reflective and to be reflective you have to know yourself.
He said the Synjuk Rangbah Shnong (SRS) should attend the meeting to get clarification on the VAB and the ordinance.
The meeting was also attended by drivers of taxi, auto rickshaw and commercial buses.
During the march, there were several members of the party who tried to raise their hands or shoot foreigners, who were standing on the road or drivers, who were not Khasi. be extended.
In 7 years, the highest number of those who needed assistance from 108 were childbirth at 27.21%, followed by injuries or accidents at 11%.
After the ceremony from Lumkyndong, the remaining part of the ceremony was held at Pyrthat Square where the children of Raij Jwai together with the elders of Raij Chyrmang, Raij Tuber and Raij Ialong came to participate. in the food.
Expressing her concern over the increasing number of children under one year of age, the Chairperson said that they have urged the police, the Social Welfare Department, the Social Welfare, the Women's Commission, The Child Protection Commission to come together and fight on this issue in all parts of the state.
He said that the government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma has launched many schemes for the youth to start their own businesses with a small subsidy.
The curfew will remain in force from 7 pm until further notice.
Akshay and Kareena Kapoor visited Kapil Sharma's show to promote their upcoming film Good Newwz.
Coffee, like the tea tree, is planted first in the fields.
Everyone needs votes to win because no one runs an election to lose.
This encourages a man to marry at a young age and to have children with any woman.
He said that in the first test, the result was negative, but the second test after 24 hours showed that the virus was still present. the rule will be to repeat the tests in 3 days to see if the virus is dead.
“However, it is unfortunate that the Syiem has decided to conduct the meeting of the dorbar at his own discretion because he wants his relative to become the Sordar again,” said Bah Kharbangar.
This plant can only germinate between 8 and 10 weeks.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The visit of BJP President Amit Shah to the state has encouraged many party leaders, party members and even their supporters.
Ankit Kumar Singh tied for 35 for Meghalaya who were bowled out for
It is for these reasons that the Meghalaya government and the district authorities have closed down schools and markets in Jowai with the aim of reducing the spread of Covid-1
In this regard, she said that the Minister has called a meeting with the senior officers of NHAI to discuss the issue on 2nd July
The popular video game PlayerUnknowns Battlegrounds (PUBG) has agreed to partner with Reliance Jio, which will offer a variety of offers to Jio users.
However, this time out of all the 36 constituencies of Khasi-Jaintia, Nongkrem Constituency is the most watched and watched by the people.
Up to 250 trees were planted on this special day to celebrate the preservation of the environment.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Ollansing Suin, MLA Mawsynram Constituency, said that the purpose of this program is to educate the youth of Lawbah area on how to join the army, police. and miscellaneous activities.
Therefore, today's meeting is specifically to find ways to get clarification on this.
After investigation, the Nongpoh Wildlife Range Department today handed over the case to the District Court for trial and punishment according to the rules of the Nongpoh Wildlife Range. Wildlife Act, he added.
Samla Donalson also admitted that the doctors who should have served the people in this hospital spend more time than in private hospitals.
The arrested had a fake call center where they issued information through forged documents to US citizens through the X-lite App.
I love the nation, the voice of the nation; and the great men of their own nation than of others.
Regarding the promptness of the police and magistrates to arrive at the scene, the KSU has asked the police and magistrates where they went during the incident. in this way they came to invade Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Besides Rahul Gandhi, those who attended the meeting included Jairam Ramesh, Kanhaiya Kumar, Gaurav Gogoi, Vincent H Pala and other state leaders. the North East and also from the parent party of the party.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has issued a Show Cause Notice dated 8.9.2023 issued by the Director of School Education and Literacy, Meghalaya to the Principal of Government Girls' Higher Secondary School. School, Jowai is unacceptable, unpleasant, but frightening at the same time.
It is exactly like 'bowing the head and shaking the tail like a ksew'. This is what causes and brings evil, shame and disgrace and the spirituality of the people in front of the world.
They also invited the residents of the area to meet with the bank managers and post masters to get information on the schemes and benefits implemented by the central government and to get other assistance schemes. .
Shillong: Speaking to media, the Minister of State for Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that the department will consider and issue a decision in the next two days. to allow students who could not reach the examination centres, yesterday due to the earthquake and natural disasters in some parts of the state.
Initially, his work failed because the children suspected him badly because he himself belonged to a large and wealthy family.
Besides, it was seen that all the residents of the village, from the Tymmen, Kro, Rangbah, Youth and Children, took part in the celebration and that was to express their happiness, on the 30th Anniversary of the village.
Besides, the Minister also promised that the House will stand united against any move by any authority including Parliament to violate the identity, rights and customs and traditions of the indigenous people. They are from the State of Meghalaya.
“There are some protectors but how do they build houses every day, their vehicles are parked on the road, we have talked to them from time to time, we have complained from time to time without anyone listening,” he added.
“If the BJP had dared to say that, I would have apologized with both hands,” Abhishek said.
Shillong: A BSF soldier has tested positive for Covid-19 at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong today.
Therefore, the union today turned to the Secretariat to protest against the government's decision to pass a law on 80% employment and to pass a State Employment Policy so that the youth can not only in the government sector but also in the private sector.
If you read this parody, you will laugh like a child watching a cartoon; I don't know why.
Nidaioh Dhar scored the goals for Mynsngat SC in the 35th and 90th minutes.
Through a goal from Marlangki Suting, Rympei PIP won the title of the 1st Open To All 40 Above Veteran Cup Football Tournament organized by Marlangki & Friends.
Riyoka Rymbai, U20 Event- Long Jump.
This order has come into force since that date and remains in force until further notice.
On the other hand, UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh, speaking to reporters today, said that Mukul Sangma has closed the door to discuss the ILP. Paul said that the MPF will meet soon on Tuesday to discuss the current situation in Shillong and the state.
In the Officer category, the first prize was awarded to Bah T.Diengngan and the second prize was awarded to Dr.LL Mawsor.
If we count the number of MLAs in the ruling party, Kong Wansuk will win this election as before.
In another statement , MPYC President Richard Marak said that Boston 's victory shows that it has confidence under his leadership.
Despite the difficulties that have come in the way of the government's plan to implement the new project in this market, the construction of the new market in Polo has now started.
Speaking as the chief guest, Terence Sawian said that music and dance are medicines in the lives of us human beings and have the power to affect and affect the thoughts and feelings of people. which is necessary to inculcate in the minds of students the separate nature of the two.
The NHIDCL, in reply to a question, said that the construction of the Shillong-Tamabil road has started since November 2020 (except the Pynursla Bypass) and the cost of The road has been constructed at a cost of T.1,606.52 crore (excluding the Pynursla Bypass) and has been constructed with the funding of the Japan International Cooperation Agency. There will be a revenue collection gate at PKG-II, at 22+850 and the residents said that it will be at Madan Lyntad, below Pynursla.
However, this run was enough for the team to win the match as Nagaland lost all wickets for 92 runs.
The union has decided to invite all the pensioners of JHADC to join the membership after a meeting held on 27th March at the District Library Auditorium, Jowai.
The Nongpoh Bar Association, said that they have been able to work smoothly since the arrival of the new District Judge in the district, who has taken action on their problems and at the same time. The Nongpoh Bar Association would also like to thank the District Judge for his willingness to cooperate for the smooth running of the legal profession in the District.
These candidates announced by the UDP include three MLAs who are also Ministers in the MDA, Kyrmen Shylla (Khliehriat), Lahkmen Rymbui (Amlarem), Brolding Nongsiej (Mawthadraishan) and three MLAs. They included Bah Nujorki Sungoh (Mookaiaw), Bah Balajied Kupar Synrem (Shella), Bah Pius Marwein (Ranikor) and the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh (Mairang).
In the Top Ten of the SSLC, Amebaaihunsha Kharbhih of St Paul's Higher Secondary School, Marbisu and Arghadeep Saha of a private school came first.
On the other hand, the speakers on this occasion demanded that the Government should give a fair trial regarding this incident.
Conrad expressed his gratitude to Muivah for agreeing to allocate funds for the construction of the road from Damra in Assam to Bajengdoba via Mendi in North Garo Hills.
Police have closed traffic in the area at the time of writing.
He said that according to the Meghalaya Service Conduct Rules, 2019, government employees are not allowed to participate in political activities while in service.
The Commission has issued a directive to the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology after receiving complaints against this.
Details have been sent to the relevant authorities regarding the inspection, implementation and maintenance of the railway lines and to send reports after this inspection.
Jowai, Naiwieng 6: U Skot Mukhim, resident of Khlieh Wah Dupon, Ladrymbai, father of Yami Pakma, a four-year-old girl who was abducted by Sita Sayoo and sold to Tiplangki Rynjah in He expressed his gratitude to the HNPF for helping to recover his daughter after she was kidnapped for eight months by a group of robbers.
But we are also evaluating the demand coming from the public," he said.
On the other hand, HITO said that the market is owned by Ma Nicholas Rymbai and alleged that there were no doctors from the veterinary department to examine and provide certificates for these markets. whether they are infected with infectious diseases or other diseases.
The President of the Association, S Chakrawarty, said that at an emergency meeting held on Tuesday, the incident was discussed thoroughly and expressed deep sorrow regarding the threat of these two men. robbers who have been threatened with strict action against them if they continue to represent certain persons or clients and participate in a case involving these persons or clients.
To elect legislators and rulers (not leaders as has been misunderstood), we voters must elect people who are knowledgeable, unpaid, intelligent and who have education, then let us choose from among the candidates people who are skilled, fearful, reliable and free from corruption, who have a spirit of service, who are not partial, who are not religious, party, power and wealth, who do not turn into parties, and choose those who are free from sound moral character.
India's macro-economic fundamentals are very strong.
It is true that Thomas Jones was arrested and expelled from the Mission.
He said that PA Sangma has set a priority to dedicate his life to serve the welfare of the people.
On receiving information about the incident, the Ri Bhoi Police together with the CRPF rushed to the scene and found that the robbers had fled the scene and no one was injured. except for damage to the it windows.
“On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner said, “You don't need to live here.
They send their children to school, they send their children to study abroad, even abroad in suitable institutions.
NPP candidate for 18 West Shillong Constituency Purity Phawa on Thursday praised Purity Phawa for her decision to return the belongings of the candidates. they delivered to her house.
The two MDCs urged the KHADC to raise funds for the Council by collecting taxes or any other means that can raise funds for the KHADC. Ardent Basaiawmoit, CEM of KHADC, explained that the posters will not be found in those areas under the jurisdiction of KHADC. MDCs said in the Dorbar that the KHADC is still considering this issue and the work is ongoing.
The incident happened at 4 pm this morning, when a truck coming from Guwahati tried to climb up, but when it reached the scene, the parts of the truck carrying goods The truck, overturned and those who were going to hit the woman, which led to the death of the woman.
The most sad thing to learn about the family and the young woman is after it was learned that the young woman is a swet child, because her mother has just passed away in the past few years. The sister of the deceased has also left home without returning and the tragedy of the young woman has been raped by a foreigner.
In chasing the target, Meghalaya were shocked from the start by losing two wickets in the first two overs.
Shillong, July 23: The General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Dr Jemino Mawthoh on Tuesday said that the 'All in All Dimak Kharab' Speech at the party meeting in Umsning on Saturday.
After 10 minutes at 3:00 pm, Meenu Thapa, the mother of the child, was recovered and it was seen that at the time of the recovery, both the legs of the child were broken. She was rushed to the Civil Hospital Shillong and was taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong.
The JSU has strongly condemned the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma.
The total number of cases so far is 581, East Khasi Hills 479, BSF 245, others 202, Army 34, West Khasi Hills 4 and Ri Bhoi District , West Jaintia Hills 13, East Jaintia Hills 15, South West Garo Hills 4, East Garo Hills 1, North Garo Hills 1.
Jowai, July 27: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya today opened a temporary shelter for those people who have just been discharged from hospitals due to mental illness. before they return to their homes and communities.
“The government is aware of the shortage of teachers in lower primary schools and the plight of the children but because there is still a case in the court, it has stopped working without being able to appoint them,” said Prof Laloo. The question was asked in the House today.
Besides urging these families, the MLA of Nongpoh, also urged the residents of Nongpoh area, to stay at home and not to go out on the streets, except when there is work. that bym can't kick.
On the allegation that he preaches religion, the pastor said, “I don't preach in the name of religion, I have asked for votes from the people on my national policy/issues. do not affect the nation".
Besides football and march past, the SSYWO has also organized track and field events in the past two months, such as 100m race, 200m race, 800m race, relay race (4x100m), relay race (4x200mm). ), high jump and long jump.
Benefits from Central & State Government Assistance Schemes (access to Govt.
Sources from the security forces said that there was a shootout between the security forces and the two armed men in which one of them was killed while they were searching for him. another.
In the result therefore the contention that every Khasi must take the Jaid of his or her mother only is not proved and cannot be accepted.
“The information provided on the transportation and mining of coal must also be accurate so that the law can take the necessary action under the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act
The meeting was conducted by the President of the party, Bah Charlie J Rani and was sworn in by the Vice President of the party, Samla Kenneth Jana. Teibor Shadap, Joint Secretary of Samla Shepherd Kharsahnoh, Socio and Cultural Secretary of Samla Shepherd Kharsahnoh, Wellborn Mawkhlieng and Organizing Secretary Kharlesbon Nongbri.
The match between the two teams was very close especially in the first half, but in the 50th minute, Mawlai FC were able to celebrate after Wanboklang Lyngkhoi scored the first goal of the match. clean the jar.
“This can open up the rhinoviruses to the head and prevent them from entering other parts of the body including the lungs.
The two governments have also decided to leave it to the will of the border residents to take a decision.
According to the rules of the Parliament, the time allotted to any political party to speak depends on the number of votes.
With this victory, Sailung Ialong has secured a place in the final and will face the winner tomorrow between Moosyiem Shangpung and Mukhla Raij at 1:30PM. Dulong beat Chutwakhu 1-0 The 1st Division Football Tournament was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
Bah Kharraswai said that the complaint is that many government employees use bad language to the people, which destroys the spirit of cooperation. destroy their work, by the trick of getting money.
On the 8th of October, the Pyndensohsaw Area Constituency has honored Bah Shangpliang as the MLA of Mawsynram.
Thus, 'Unity is strength.
The program was enriched by a special song by Bah B.Lyngdoh Marshillong, Ward Assistant, District Mental Health Program (DM&HP) and a short skit by NKD Wann Group, Mawlangwir.
On the other hand, this journalist was in shock, as he did not know anything about what had happened.
These Officers urged the farmers to stop the cultivation of synsar as it destroys the soil but instead they should plant and cultivate soh, jhur or kait which fertilizes the soil.
You are quick to spend money during the elections. This is exactly like a stick that burns in the flames of corruption. your country.
“There are also challenges ahead of us, but we have to fight in whatever form, we will continue to improve the health in the state,” he said.
Speaking at the UDP's tyrko rally in Shillong on the 12th of this month, Rudy said that according to Article 44, the UCC is mentioned but it is only an attempt.
The DGP said this when asked about the withdrawal of the HNLC from talks with the Government.
Phase III has been implemented till 30th July 2018 and there are 1.46 lakh beneficiaries and the amount paid by the government to the contracted health centers is T.94 crore.
The political leaders have taken this as a sign that there is something different within the PDF led by Bah Pynshngaiñ.
Shillong, Nailar 27 : The MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the increasing drug abuse among the youth in the State.
Chadong Prosecution.
When asked about the completion of the project, Tynsong said that the records of the land will be completed in due course. state.
What is surprising to the union is that even the office of the DFO Nongpoh has not done anything, there may be something behind the scenes between the DFO and these quarries.
“The MTDC has informed us that it has allowed this person (Puranjan Das) to work for six months on October 31, 2023 because he does not have the Model Code of Conduct. They cannot call for advertisement and that there is a Year Ending and that there are meetings that the Government has held in the past months and the MTDC needs a person to hold that post (Chief General Manager) ," he said.
He said that so far there has been no discussion and the meat farmers have to wait for a solution.
The land situation in the state is difficult and remote villages have to wait for their needs.
Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal, Chairman of MNREDA, Rupert Momin and other officials were present on the occasion.
One of the demands of the residents of the village is to have a cow farm in their village, so that it will not cost them too much. who shall put many cows.
“We must put aside that desire for glory, we must put aside that desire to be forward and we must put forward the issues of the country and the nation and on the part of the party and the four political parties we will think. to continue the protest," he said.
At the beginning of the interview, she said that she doesn't want her good deeds to be exposed or to show others that she has this characteristic because she believes that only God knows and knows. She has accepted the interview with Rupang.
Three commercial taxis (ML-05L-1471, ML-06-4171 and ML-05P-0543) were involved in the incident.
We know that God is full of love and mercy.
The suspects were identified as Pynshailang Warjri, 32, of Umtangar village, Ri-Bhoi district and Banshngai Tynshong, 28, of Nongthymmai, Pynursla. A resident of Umtangar, Ri Bhoi District, has been arrested by the police on Friday after a thorough search.
The union strongly said that in fact, as a school that provides education and to improve that education, but to get that education, the students have to sit on the ground, because they don’t have benches or tables for students and teachers.
Medvedev, who is fighting for his first title on clay, will also prepare to face Lorenzo Sonego or the winner of the tournament. before facing German star Alexander Zverev in the third round.
“I have spoken even in the House and I have not changed my mind.
He said that he has a desire to serve the people to develop them, to bring about development in the villages, to set up a PHC in Mutong which will benefit the people. If he wins this election, he promised to bring good schools in Mutong, which is a blessing. The Modi government will assist the poor in the purchase of school books and school supplies and said that if there are schools that good in the village will help parents to avoid the expenses.
The Mobile 4G was distributed so that they can use the Internet according to the latest technology.
What will the Government do against these people and ban them from buying land in Ri-Bhoi?” he asked.
Shillong: The Catholic Association of Shillong (CAS) will hold a public service in Shillong, through a statement issued by the Archbishop of the Church, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh. The Peace Rally will be held on the 5th of July for the sake of peace and stability in Manipur.
The HiTO on Tuesday visited the Secretariat to meet with the seven MLAs from Jaintia Hills District.
July 11, 2020: West Bengal vs Goa.
“The Association also demands that the government should stop taking useless loans in the name of improving MeECL, the department needs money to strengthen MeECl, but not loans. I don't need it,” said Bah Dkhar.
Although the Modi government has strongly warned those who commit this illegal act, they do not listen and continue to do the same.
Shillong, March 14: The resolution to announce the winners of the MDC elections of the GHADC will be held tomorrow, March 14,
The Cabinet of Ministers of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) 2.0 government held its first meeting on 9th October under the chairmanship of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Shillong, Jymmang :The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of EKHD, Shillong today informed that the department is continuing to conduct raids on the illegal sale of liquor by conducting raids inside restaurants and other establishments. shops in urban and rural areas as well.
“If the Meghalaya government doesn't consider us as Meghalayans, why do they come to build roads, EPIC, build dorbar halls, implement NREGS scheme in every village but when they come to build roads, put police outposts in Assam, they don't say anything," he said.
Shillong: Speaking on the occasion, former Shillong West MLA and incumbent Jaiaw Mawprem MDC, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that his victory in the last elections has brought many benefits to the constituency. While he was an MLA, the residents of his twentieth constituency never experienced a water shortage as happened after he was defeated.
Minerva Punjab and Chennaiyin FC are the two teams from Group B who have qualified for the quarter-finals.
Dr. DRL Nonglait, Secretary of the Mission, said that the teachers' residence has been constructed at a cost of 8 lakh tyngka.
He then started by talking about the Village Administration Bill (VAB) and after talking a lot about the Bill, he said that the Union together with the 50,000 people who have come now. They gave the government six months to pass the Bill which will start from today.
Nongstoiñ: Two drug traffickers identified as Bat Skhemlang L Marshillong, 19, and Teiborlin L Marshillong, 28, of Nongstoiñ Market, have been arrested. The suspected Herion weighed between 2.44 grams and 1.06 grams.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Laloo said that since June this year, nine poor women from West Khasi Hills have died and three of them have died. from the villages in the Langpih area.
“Don't turn the differences into ethnic differences because as an MLA who knows people, I say it is a talk at night and at a time when there is no time.
Regarding the damage caused by the cyclone, the BDO of Umsning C&RD Block, Bah P.Khonglah and a team have visited these villages which have been damaged by the cyclone. The MLA of the area, Bah Julius K. Dorphang, witnessed the incident.
Also present on the occasion were Rambrai Jyrngam MDC Banjop Pyngrope, former Mairang MDC Bah E Nongrang, government officials from government departments in Mairang, SDO Civil, BDO, CI and other officers of Mairang Civil Sub Division.
The Unitarian Church Jowai together with other Unitarian churches in Khasi Jaintia, Ri Bhoi and Karbi Anglong has celebrated the 134th Anniversary of the church which was founded on November 18,
It is unfortunate that this demand has not yet been fulfilled.
Speaking to media, Bah Titostar Well Chyne, said that it is unfortunate to see the presence of foreigners selling land in the border area of ​​Iewduh without permits. On his part, he led the enforcement police of the council to evict these people, as they are only residents who do not have any documents. documents and those who do not have a trading license.
In fact, the Jaintia Syiems were the rulers of a large and rich Hima, which had its own gold and silver coins and the allegations that the Jaintia Syiems printed coins in the name of the Koch Syiems is merely a myth.
It is the same Badri Prasad who is building the largest stadium in Tura – the PA Sangma Stadium, which was opened before the elections.
Some CDPO offices are now issuing orders to open accounts with SBI why not in other banks recognized by the government. The President of KDA said that since April last year, the KDA has submitted a petition to the government of KDA. The Social Welfare Department has been implementing 11 demands for almost three years but the same government has not been able to implement even one demand for almost three years.
When asked by the MLA from Nongkrem how many Bangladeshis have sold their land in Rynjah or RR Colony which was given to them during the Independence War in 1971, u The Minister said that this was done in accordance with the Assam Land Regulation Act 1886, the government allocates land according to the availability of documents and also in accordance with the Land Transfer Act of the state.
In Commerce, 7 students from the school have reached the First Ten out of 12 students who have reached the First Ten (some with the same marks).
In an interview with the employees, they said that the main problem of their office is the lack of drinking water as they have to fetch water from the well and there is no fence around the office. long and bright.
He said the party's decision to give ticket to AT Mondol was taken after the party saw the work of him who put the welfare of the people first during his tenure as MLA. .Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday announced that it will hold a The Rai Eh Daw Campaign will start on the 6th of this month from Motphran, Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Tawang Marathon Promotional Run, which was held in Shillong, witnessed the participation of at least 120 health lovers. The race was organized by the Government of Arunachal Pradesh and the Indian Army in collaboration with the CYRUNS team. participants on the management and provision of all facilities.
The public meeting was held at the ground floor of Bah Mawsor's house in the presence of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh Minister in charge of Sports and Agriculture, President Rangbah of Bah Mawsor. PDF Mawshynrut President, Secretary Primary Unit, Youth Wing, Women Wing and other leaders and members of the PDF Mawshynrut.
Rymbui said that due to the pandemic, the students have been severely affected by the fact that online classes are not sufficient to provide full education and it is necessary to reopen schools, but The decision to open only the colleges will depend on the report of the colleges on the percentage of students who have been vaccinated.
It is also surprising to know about Bah Philling Rynjah, as he started his service to the people at the age of 14 years and has now reached the age of 58 years of service to the people. to people who suffer from many kinds of diseases.
Kohli expressed his satisfaction to see the large number of people whom Dr. Khongjee has gathered at the meeting today and said that he will come back to Sohra to meet the people but the ticket will not be sold. He said he would have to send information to Delhi about the meeting.
According to sources, this is the third bomb blast in Ukhrul district in three months.
The leaders of the various political parties are not all patriotic and patriotic, just as not all are rich because some are poor.
The MPCA said that even Justice Srikrishna, head of the Data Protection Commission, has said that the linking of Aadhaar numbers with voter lists is dangerous and threatens the villagers and in India we have not yet. There is a Data Protection Law or laws to protect the personal information we provide to government agencies, banks and others.
Shillong: Despite the fact that the Assembly elections have not been announced yet, the BSF troops have started checking vehicles parked at the border at Phutamati in West Garo Hills District.
You say that every day you steal 57 tyngka from the government, how many times a month?
The price of Jowai and Thadlaskeiñ depots will be Rs.80.50 and the price of Shangpung will be Rs.86.00 per litre.
He said that the reason given by MeECL for the delay in appointment without funds is unacceptable and the reason is that they have not yet done the verification from the police.
A line of rnga trucks was found in front of Steplanglur village today but there were no people inside the trucks.
Thus, the animals provided meat and manure and the pots needed for the animals were obtained from the fields planted in the same area.
“The laws of the district councils are violated when the laws of the state or central government come,” said Bah Blah, who teaches political science at Seng Khasi College.
He said that as a former leader, he feels sorry for the people because they have been deceived in many ways, such as the suspension of the issuance of the police appointment resolution, the insult to the teachers, the deception of Conrad. Sangma had promised the people of Shallang before the 2018 elections, that he would release the mining and transportation of coal within six months, but until now it has not been released as usual.
Shillong, November 15: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in a statement today through its General Secretary Samla Emperor Bareh, has praised the Thadlaskein Block for its efforts. It has been implemented well in the NREGS scheme or the 100 days bill scheme.
She said that this plant is very helpful for the health of people especially in this age.
Speaking at the meeting, SP R Muthu, DSEO Pde, DC WJH R Rapthap and Chief Guest Dr. Laloo praised the Principal of the school, Richard Uriah. Engineer and owner of North Liberty High School.
Government jobs are only available for about 500 per year, if we divide we will get only 150,” said Bah Paul. stad um doesn't get anymore"
Sikkim scored in the 82nd minute.
This prophecy was fulfilled on the Jews and Jerusalem.
Bah Sharaid said that until he gets a proper border, he will never die from this earth and before he dies he wants to see that the border should be fixed otherwise. and he shall not die, that the inheritance that shall come may be peaceful, and that we shall not have to suffer.
The Deputy Director of India Tourism in charge of the North East Sanjay Shree Vats said the scheme is for people who want to build accommodation for tourists in the country. their house.
The Durga Puja in Nartiang started on the night of the 1st and will end on the 5th with the immersion of the Lakait Lakait in the Myntang River. There will be a masteh dance in the evening, but today, on the 2nd of this month, the kñia pom blang has been completed in the grounds of the temple.
When the Citizenship Act was passed in 1955, the legislators of that time did not allow religion to be the basis because it was against the fundamental principles of the Constitution. Country.
The political situation in Meghalaya has deteriorated dramatically after 12 Ïarmangkalai members did not want to stay in the party but overnight they decided to join the party. to the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC).
These waste products can increase the appearance of lines and other signs of skin aging or skin aging.
Shillong, July 19 : Heavy rainfall for three days till Saturday 18.6.2022 in Meghalaya and other states has caused Mawsynram to become a hotspot. The rainfall in the country and the world has been recorded within 24 hours with 1003.6mm of rainfall.
On the other hand, the Reservation Policy of Meghalaya to protect those who have been discriminated against among the citizens has brought about another group who are facing difficulties – the non-citizens. They are denying their right to benefits and access to training and employment opportunities,” the statement said and urged the Government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma to resolve this issue.
He said that on the 8th of this month, it was found that the office had been moved back to Khliehriat without informing the JAC, Wapung C&RD Block or the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur and the Dorbar Shnong Wapungshnong. what is the reason for doing so?
The Maraikaphon Youth Club has been able to organize this tournament with the participation of 23 clubs and teams with the financial assistance through the District Sports Promotion Scheme. of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District and has been accepted or recognized by the office of the District Sports Officer of East Khasi Hills District.
Police said that on Tuesday at 6 pm, after receiving a tip, they raided a residence of foreigners selling nar jot tin jot at Ladthadlaboh, Jowai near Rymbai Gas Station. Agency.
Furthermore, Modi will encourage the students to overcome their fears and enjoy doing well in their examinations especially at this time when everyone has been affected by the pandemic. Covid-19.
We have started construction of seven offices and 40 offices will start soon,” he said, adding that the office in Mawsynram is one of the 40 offices.
They don't want the NPP to form a government in Meghalaya.
The order of the court heard by the two judges stated that the case will be heard again after 10 days and therefore the reply should be submitted within these days.
He said that according to his information, Meghalaya has used only 50% out of 100% of the school meals unlike other states which have used 95%. don't be afraid.
There is no mention of the Roster, which is the method of counting time in terms of appointment and employment.
Retired National Referee of AIFF-India Bah Madan Shangpliang was the chief guest along with Bah Hamebantei Diengdoh and other invitees.
Banshai said that the equipment used inside government hospitals is very expensive because branded products or medicines are not available.
On these issues, the MPSC has clarified that it is up to the Government to do all these things and the MPSC has no objection.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem said, “If you don't have a proper house, don't worry, if you don't have jobs, don't worry. change from side to side.
Therefore, the company should take action on this issue and if they fail to take action on this issue, the union will not hesitate to take other stronger measures.
So far, seven MDCs have resigned, including HDR Lyngdoh, Congress MDC from Sohiong, Ardent M Basaiawmoit, HSPDP MDC from Nongkrem Constituency and Stephan Mukhim, MDC from JHADC from East Jaintia.
“O Kmie, how did Rida run away as soon as she saw me...?” Panah asked her husband. The mother said, “Oh, my work... How can it be for me when I'm so angry...” Panah said, “Let's talk again.
Dr KK Paul, Governor of Meghalaya and Mizoram, said that music is the soul of the North East and All India Radio has reached many people. and the villages of the east.
EPICs will soon be linked to Aadhaar after the Indian government approved the recommendation of the Election Commission (EC).
He said the Government wants to improve its capacity to operate, and transparency in its operations by having resources, and ease of doing its own work, and to improve its im the citizens.
Guwahati, Jymmang 12: The BJP has won 340 wards and 30 municipal boards and town committees in the Assam municipal elections.
The purpose of Ksoo Lyngdoh in organizing this shad is to revive or establish a new shad which will be the custom and tradition of the Khasi Pnar Labang Nangphyllut.
In the first match, PFR beat Mawpat SC 5-0. The team has earned six points from two games and has taken the top spot in Group-A. The matches on Saturday will be between Rangdajied United FC and Them Rangshken ACC at 10 pm, Mawlai SS&CC vs Madanrting SC at 11:30 pm and Summit Academy vs Mawreng SC at 1 pm. Kick Start FT Academy of Sohryngkham SC at 3 pm and Mawpat SC of Mylliem Grassroot at 4:15 pm.
No of posts:- 1 (One)Pay Scale:- Level-16, Rs.17,000-470-20-290-EB-560-25,330-760-33,690/- per monthB.E./B.Tech/MCA in Computer Science/Engineering/Information Technology with First Class or minimum 60% marks in aggregate or Master Degree in Physics/ Maths/ Statistics/ Operations Research with First Class or at least 60% marks in aggregate or equivalent Grade with Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Science / Applications or Masters Degree in Computer Science/ Information Technology with First Class or at least 60% marks in aggregate or equivalent grade or B.Sc.
The DC said that any violation of this order will be dealt with strictly according to the provisions of the Act.
A case has been registered under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
On the same day, it was seen that the Ri-Bhoi Police together with the CRPF, have arrived at the scene to patrol, so that they can prevent any incident and bring back the police. tragic event.
Barnett was said to have joined protesters supporting former US President Donald Trump at the time, when they attacked their workplaces and offices. The United States is the only country in the world.
She said she is confident that the proper implementation of these schemes will open up new opportunities in business and employment, improve transportation and strengthen the economy of the region. the whole of the North East including Assam.
However, when they reached the village, Kliarbha Sana forbade the market vendor not to collect taxes.
Also present at the meeting were KSA President Jemson Timung, CB JSM President Leningstar Rymbai, Secretary and members of the two organizations.
Up to 23 groups including youths and women took part in the Sukra dance in the presence of thousands of Raij children and others from nearby villages.
“The Government has tried to find ways and means for the youth to get education and job opportunities, in which the Government has now implemented the Education Policy and Youth Policy which it is the benefit of the young men.
The question is how do I get a licence?
“Our priority is to provide adequate sports facilities and to ensure that our young athletes get to showcase their talents through various sports activities,” said the CM. Other speakers included the Minister of Sports who said that the government is determined to promote sports in the state.
This was confirmed by Swing Samakha Sordar of Langpih Village and other elders of the area who also alleged that the police chiefs of the two outposts in the area have been arrested. Meghalaya and Assam police have tried to forcibly resolve the border by warning the residents by saying “You are not allowed to go outside because you have fallen into Assam. “I don't want to go to Meghalaya because it belongs to Meghalaya”.
Alisha Lyngdoh scored the last goal in the 73rd minute.
The only thing Hanga did was hang it.
He said that plants and animals are creatures gifted by God and we as human beings should understand this and we should not destroy or exterminate them.
It is learned that the Assam tax is collected from the Pnar farmers even if they go to the fields to use in their own households, but they are collected tax by the Forest Department which has caused problems. to them as citizens.
Meiraba Luwang Maisnam from Hong Kong, Kiran George, Sathish Kumar Karunakan, Mithun Manjunath and S.K. Sankar Muthusamy Subramanian while Subhankar Dey and Parupalli Kashyap will have to qualify for the tournament with their performance in the qualifying round.
T Susngi was elected president, vice president R Suting, general secretary Gevanroy Suchiang, assistant general secretary Pynbha Sari, publicity secretary Vision Nongbri, finance secretary Kong Everstay Dkhar, organizing secretary Michael King Talang and 7 members. executive members.
A small quality population cannot fill the gap.
Therefore, if the Corona virus comes here, it will eat people like a game because the construction method here is unsystematic and unhealthy.
Under this scheme, efforts will be made to complete the PM-DevINE projects before 2025-26 so that there will be no problems after this year.
In Ribhoi District, 4 cases are from Baridua, 1 case from Bhoirymbong and 2 cases are high risk contacts of 2 health workers.
U Bah Khraw, resident of Nongkseh, Upper Shillong, passed away yesterday after several months of illness.
In my opinion, I have seen how the Mynbarim-Mynbajah people have preserved their rights.
He said that all citizens of India are Hindus.
It is understood that the struggle between the meat vendors and the Hima Mylliem will be a threat to the people as they have warned that if after the two month meat ban the Khanapara market is not properly arranged, they will stop. at a lower price to the public than the price of beef today.
Speakers included former MDC, Ratacherra, Decius Pohshna, UDP Youth Wing, East Jaintia Hills District, Coming One Tlang, Secretary UDP West Jaintia Hills District. Hills District, Kitboklang Nongtdu, Shangpung MDC, Treibor Suchiang.
In a statement, the party, President Samla Kyrshan Rymbai, hopes that through the central government, the party will get a proper border.
However, it cannot be said that the ILP cannot be one of the remedies if it is implemented in the Meghalaya system, not in comparison with the Arunachal-Nagaland-Mizoram system.
In particular, the union urges the government to immediately stop the government's request to bring in those 30 coal trucks from outside the state.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that the NPP has provided all the necessary documents and the necessary documents have been completed before the establishment of the office.
Dip was welcomed by BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh in the presence of party office bearers.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ardent said that the VPP will bring back the appearance and character of the Seng Riewlum as they used to be in the years after the independence of the state. invite and welcome people who truly love the nation and who have the spirit of service in poverty, not people who pursue wealth.
Vehicles coming from MPRO/Golf Club have to pass through Dog Squad to Nongmensong and leave for 4th Furlong.
All vehicles will pass through NEIGHRIMS Mawpat and all vehicles from Jaintia Hills will pass through Shillong Bye Pass, Diengpasoh.
Pyniaid said that the village leaders have already submitted the land title deed for the construction of the PHC to the DHS office. “It will be of benefit to many churches in order to receive services from the health department of the State Government,” he said.
In the match between Mawten SC and Seven United SCC, both the teams worked hard to score. but in the meantime they couldn't score a single goal.
Candidates are prohibited from serving food or any alcoholic beverages to the public during their election campaign.
The program was also attended by several prominent leaders of the area, Rangbah Shnong of Kairang, Bah Riki Nongtdu, Bah Shanki Syih, one of the youth leaders of the area. Dasy Electrical, Joy Electrical, Sympli Electrical, ED Enterprises and Joyti Electrical from the district headquarters in Khliehriat who came to participate. on that day.
The floods in the city have been caused by heavy rains in the past few months which have brought back floods, landslides and other incidents that have threatened the residents. village.
Speaking to reporters, the sister of the child, Shalai Tangsang, said that the incident happened this evening while her youngest sister was trying to cross the road but she came out. suddenly the motorcycle which was driving too fast and hit her sister directly.
The Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong, Bah Aris Thabah, said that at the meeting of the Dorbar Shnong, the owners of the houses in the village have expressed their strong opposition to the proposal. this decision of the government.
Even if you haven't done that, I demand that the VPP leaders should organize their own members and supporters if the party wants to serve the people,” said the NPP leader. “I would like to ask the VPP leaders whether they respect women.
New challenges that open the way for innovation and self-employment By abandoning the way of working where 'the Government alone knows everything and the Government alone will do everything', the country is now moving forward in faith. in the 'Sabka Prayas' (the effort of all).
The conversation focuses on his family by asking what kind of family he is, how many brothers and sisters he has, his jobs and so on.
JOWAI: U Kamphereiei Pala of Moolamylliang village, East Jaintia Hills District, has brought honor to North Liberty Higher Secondary School and his family after entering the First Ten Position. The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has announced its results on Tuesday.
If all the work is done by those officials, then the salary of the Minister of Electricity should also be abolished.
Shillong, July 30: U Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, today inaugurated a beautiful water treatment plant constructed by damming a stream at Mawrah Village on the road from Mawjrong to Mawjrong. Khatarshtown.
On this occasion, Dr Donkupar said that if the central government provides less funds, the state government should be able to raise funds from its own budget for the people.
In the past, many people, when they went to check their results, started from scratch.
Two UDP MDCs Tistosstarwell Chyne and Embhah Syiemlieh supported the resolution on the ILP while Deputy CEM Remington Pyngrope and Teinwell Dkhar supported the resolution. (Executive Member) who opposed.
The role and responsibility of parents in the home, teachers and religious leaders are now in question.
In the 2nd Division, Nongumlong beat Mawkhar 2-1
He said that in the past years, 885 schools have conducted a public campaign against tobacco and 512,054 people have taken part in the campaign against tobacco. 57825 students took part in the signature campaign.
“The addiction to alcohol affects not only the individual but the whole family.
Other speakers included Bah Banraplang Kharbteng, Rangbah Shnong Thainthynroh, Bah Staising Kharbteng and Bah Ditral Marbaniang Secretary Hima Lyngiong Lyngdohship. B.Swer and the villagers.
Many residents of Meghalaya including those living in Delhi who attended the rally at Jantar Mantar on Saturday to inform the Government of India to recognize the the Khasi Language in the Fourth Grade.
Nongpoh, 06 Lber: One day after unidentified persons suspected to be from Assam, came to attack with the intention of damaging the parking lot, at 13Mer, Ri Bhoi District, However, at the time of writing, the Ri Bhoi Police have not been able to arrest those involved in the robbery.
In JHADC there are 16 independent MDCs and in three years, there have been three CEMs,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
“Therefore, I appeal to the people that the way now is for you to vote for the NPP, Ampareen Lyngdoh,” he said. the past 15 years.
TMC leader Kirti Azad has posted a picture of Prime Minister Narendra Modi wearing the traditional Khasi dress and has also put on a women's dress related to the Khasi dress. “Not for men or women, just for the dressmaker,” Azad wrote in a tweet, which he took from Hindi.
The NPP is one of the parties in the North East that supports the CAA 2019 through Agatha Sangma's support for the CAA 2019 in the Legislative Assembly of India.
Dino said that in the past, filmmakers and directors used to offer films to models but now this has changed.
The Prime Minister said this while talking to media during a visit to the NPP office in Lachumiere, Shillong.
Ask and ask, now that they may know; The name that has passed away, once again will not appear.
The residents of Salsella have already been waiting at his residence in Salsella today and earlier they were not at his house when they heard the news of his death.
Nongpoh, March 03: The Union Minister of State for Child Development, Devusinh Chauhan from the Ministry of Communications, today visited Ri Bhoi District to inspect the development works of the Union Government. has been implemented in this District which has been selected as an Aspirational District.
The new Civil Sub Division will cover about 180 villages in the Rongjeng C&RD Block.
On November 16, 1991, an FIR was lodged against the in-charge of Ummulong Beat House, Jowai by Kaia Muruh, who was related to the murder of Sada Murah. Tngen Muruh, Lowit Muruh, She Muruh, Tne Muruh and Kamai Muruh from Lumkhudung village have been arrested on 16.11.1991 at Lumkhudung village. the village of Lumkhudung.
Jowai, November 17 : Home Guard Volunteers who have worked for the Covid-19 pandemic in the past 2020-2021 in West Jaintia Hills including Saphai, Raliang, Amlarem, Phramer, Ummulong and Jowai , today informed the tyngdong skhor of the government that it will pay the remaining amount.
It is the people who elect the leaders to be the legislators and rulers of India or its States.
Pehle Jaisi Baat Nahi can be listened to on YouTube, social media and other music platforms.
The first Executive Dorbar of the FTD today met to prepare to draft the rules before submitting them to the KHADC Dorbar for approval to become law.
Speaking to Rupang, Fenela L Nonglait said that her support for the UDP candidate is her personal right to support anyone. “I don't oppose the HSPDP because there is no Singh in this election,” said Fenela.
New Delhi: On Tuesday, clashes broke out between two ethnic groups in Nuh of Haryana district during the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) rally. public, on the spot.
““As the leader of the HNLC, we have many cases lodged against us and through negotiations we have been able to drop many cases and the members of the HNLC have only three cases. who are we?" he said.
Jeremiah 31:10-12 / Isaiah 51:11.
Those who attended the strike today were all 60 people who work in the villages to distribute malaria medicines but they were suspended because the government did not accept them.
It is reported that in the past few days, the two militants, were lyngkhot, when they were shot by the American swords.
Speaking on the occasion, the newly appointed Minister of Urban Affairs expressed his desire to clean up the marten garbage in Mawlai with modern techniques and equipment.
He said that the JAC of these two organizations has given time to the authorities in charge of the Civil Hospital Nongstoin to come within 1 month. They will immediately take the niut and take it to the hospital.
The statement said that although the State Government Departments will send their own proposals for the selection of State filmmakers for the festivals, the selection depends on the Information and Broadcasting. Ministry of the Government of India and is free to do so as a Ministry.
As I promised the people to work honestly not for seats, for income, but to achieve the goals and aspirations of the people and not just for the constituency,” said Bah Adelbert.
The sister (Banisha) and the mother were overjoyed that Peter had found out that he had left but as a family they were in great trouble.
Those who left the party are Bah Prestone Tynsong, Bah AL Hek, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, and all those who left the party are nine. Now that they have left, it will not have any impact because they will still be able to strengthen the party.
The MDC and the Village Authority of Nong Pathaw, Umthlong today met with the Minister of Water Supply, Bah Samlin Malngiang to urge the government to implement the Umshyllong Water Supply Well to supply water to these areas. villages and others in the Mawlai area.
FOCUS plus is one of the most important schemes for the farmers of Meghalaya to develop through its programmes, where farmers who have already registered will receive up to 5000 tyngka per month. money to each farmer of the state allocated by the government.
She said that it is now clear that the government does not sympathize or believe in their request.
The three regional committees were set up on 26th November to examine the status of the seven border disputes between Meghalaya and Assam and to submit their report within 45 days.
He said that not all the youth come from poor families, but many young men and women from childhood come from low income families.
NEHU has also been involved in the development of curricula and syllabuses but this part of the financial assistance has been neglected without any confidence.
On the other hand, the district authorities have tried their best to clear the roads for vehicles but the DC has urged them not to leave their homes unless it is an emergency.
God's wrath is revealed in these words- “...he was filled with sorrow, insomuch that he said, I will utterly destroy man whom I have created...for it repenteth me that I have made they.
Shillong: U Minister of State and former leader of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Bah Hamletson Dohling, has expressed his deep sorrow over the harassment of Khasi living on the border by the Assam Police.
The decision of the High Level is complete and no one can fight against it.
“As I have decided to contest the election, I know that there will always be victory and defeat.
He urged all the leaders at this meeting to take the oath that we are here with one mind to revive the society and to revive the despair.
KHNAM said that it does not see that the MPs will raise the issues of the state and the nation to fight firmly with the Central Government, but it has seen that they are ready to bring only issues or projects of the Government. Uranium or railway lines are located in Meghalaya.
“It depends on the ability of a person to speak, even if he is an Independent, what can he do? , depends on the ability of man, knowledge, ability to communicate, everything because in politics there are all kinds of characteristics.
Shillong: While other Congress leaders in the state have been surprised, the Congress MLA from Mawlai, Bah Process T Sawkmie, on Tuesday said that the departure of Bah Donwa Dethwelson Lapang from the Congress party is not surprising. , but the only thing is that if the Congress is still in power, he will not leave.
It is also unfortunate that when there are such laws, that the leaders of the State Legislative Assembly are not willing to come out to the public to discuss and give their opinions and at the same time, that the media agencies of the State Legislative Assembly. Government of India, to explain the advantages and disadvantages of these ever-changing laws of the Government of India.
The selection of these players is based on their performance in the Senior Women's T20 Trophy held in March 2022 in Bangalore and the Senior Women's One Day Trophy held in July this month. in Nagpur.
The incident came after Imran's party held a march from Lahore to Islamabad as part of a protest against the government led by Shabaz Sharif.
Here we can see the Trinity in One God, that is, God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Spirit.
It is true that children need to drink milk to improve their health and strength so that they can grow up properly and even the elderly benefit from drinking milk because they get strong bones that can reduce the risk of bone disease.
Regarding the body of a forest guard of Assam who was shot dead in the incident at Mukroh and taken to Ialong Civil Hospital, the KSU has clarified that it has not held his body anymore. Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew, Assistant Education Secretary KSU Central Body, on Tuesday said that the Assam government should ensure that it does not incite violence and to incite its police to commit unacceptable acts.
Kong Pyrngap has saved many lives when poor mothers went to give birth.
The party has promised to wait for the notification and if it does not come out, the party will visit different constituencies and if there is any public meeting of any party in the MDA government, HITO has not commented on this notification.
Regarding the demand to change the name of the sub centre, the youth and longkmie organizations of Niangbari Them village, have given two months to the government to change the name of the sub centre, from Nar. -It's a sub center in Niangbari Them.
Shillong, July 24: None of the UDP MDCs who have joined the Congress have received tickets according to the list released by the party today.
Many Karbi organizations have expressed their condolences over the incident and demanded that the police should investigate until the killers are found.
Rani said that if this happens in Meghalaya, the villagers who have converted to Christianity here will also suffer the same fate because in this state, Christians are the majority.
Shillong: On the 26th July 2021, the Seng Khasi LP Kongthong, in the presence of the Republic Day, was celebrated at Kongthong village. Rakesh Sinha, Member of Parliament (MP) of the Rajya Sabha.
Another area where AI has begun to make a difference is in the field of robotics.
“The CCIB is still opposed to the government's plan to acquire land and pay land fees,” said Kmen Myrchiang.
The Minister also informed that the payment has been sent directly to the Youtube Google Ad Account.
The method of campaigning in the past and now has changed completely because in the past when a candidate went to campaign in any village or township, only those who came out and listened to him were those who came out and listened to him. The residents of that area but now when the candidate goes to campaign for the election in any village or place, all the villages and townships have been shocked because they have prepared a crowd to accompany and cheer the candidate.
On his part, he promised to work with the association not only to promote sports but also in terms of development.
Speaking to reporters at the TMC office in Lower Lachumiere, the party's Vice-President, who is also the MLA of Umroi constituency, George B Lyngdoh and U James Lyngdoh demanded that the state government of Assam should respond to their inquiry into those Christian churches in the state.
On the other hand, the Muktiar in charge of the state government said that the government has taken action against the police involved in the shooting of Bah Che.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr C Lyngdoh, MLA, expressed his gratitude to see that the village has made progress in the development works and through the acquisition of the new Dorbar Hall, it will be a blessing to them. He appealed to the people and the village authorities to use it properly and take care of it according to the needs of the village.
SpiceJet has set a target to fulfill the social agreement signed with the State Government and to fulfill the aspirations of the people of Meghalaya by transporting passengers from Shillong to Delhi.
Tripura is no longer a state ruled by the authorities and Manipur is a state where violence occurs from time to time and there are many armed groups that can cause intimidation. smile at them for ten days.
The Congress has always criticized those leaders and parties who do not support it.
She said that the state has been completely developed and not too low compared to other states and there have been many changes in the state by encouraging the youth to participate in the Through such activities, it will help to encourage and give hope to them to have a spirit of competition and to progress in life.
“There are many challenges I face whether in terms of market or in terms of money because I started myself,” said Iba.
He said the Lamphang should have allowed to discuss this issue as it is an issue that is important for the nation.
The entry and exit points at various places which have been set up since the MUA government of Dr Mukul Sangma have been increasingly deteriorating under the MDA government until the contractor has been reluctant to work.
DMO, Jowai, Marshall Syrti, Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District Bah Lakdor Syiem, DD Syngai MCS, EAC Jowai and traders and owners of coal mines were present at the meeting.
The VPP has not done any politics in the Iewmawlong area, as it is clear that it is the government itself that has turned around and I feel that this action of the government is political.
Wrestling: Ringchi K Sangma, Upper Wadanang, West Garo Hill, 19, has won the title of wrestling competition. studying at Govt.
Because the government has not yet issued an order to appoint other members of the Board.
Bah Hek received the award for his excellence as a Minister and also in recognition of Bah Hek who has made a great contribution for the welfare of the people of the country. Meghalaya and the country as a whole.
The ATMs of the Rongram Indian Oil Petrol Station had CCTV cameras at the station and the showroom adjacent to the ATM. damage from the lightning in the colour.
On the actions of the Chairman of the Council, Pynshngain N Syiem, Martle said that the Chairman has decided alone, without taking the opinion of the members of the House.
B.Dhiraj in the men's category and Simranjeet Kaur are among the best archers in the country in the recurve singles category of the Archery World Cup Stage in Shanghai. -2.
This is not a job but a newspaper factory.
According to the MLA, earlier there was a struggle for the seat of Dr. Mukul Sangma but there were some MLAs who did not dare to sign a letter to show their support to the party. The AICC leaders, therefore, did not move anymore because they understood that they did not get the majority but this time they have confirmed that they will get the majority.
It is to be recalled that the JHADC and Hima Sima authorities have been warning the indigenous people not to sell their goods on the footpaths but when these foreigners come they own and no one does anything.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police (IPS) of East Khasi Hills District, Rituraj Ravi IPS, today said that the Chief Conservation Officer of the Indian Forest Service, N. Luikham, has committed suicide. passes on the morning of October 13,
The Legislative Assembly and the people should be clarified why this goal has not been achieved yet.
If these Polish MLAs lose in the 2023 election, they will blame the party, they will accuse the party of turning over their own people and using money or cheating the EVM, etc. Everyone is a friend, while they are still betting money, when the need comes, even in the front of the house, they don't turn around.
As part of the preparations for the second phase of the tournament, the tournament is now bringing before the players the “Win ​​& Advance” which is a golden opportunity to The 32 leading fighters from Asia have been divided into four categories namely Flyweight, Bantamweight, Featherweight and Lightweight along with 8 fighters in each category.
Therefore, the following rules and regulations of the Nongmuna Thup-adong Kyntokam shall be continued as follows:4
Glycine: Our body is able to produce glucine on its own but this can only be achieved through the introduction of foods such as fish, beans, seeds, and dairy products.
The registration of market vendors will be valid for five years only.
Saindur FC scored the first goal through Lakhon Phawa in the 5th minute.
Jeremiah 16:5–7.
Chelsea's goals were scored by UN Golo Kante in the 45th minute and David Luiz in the 78th minute.
Since the launch of Pakhwada, Meghalaya has conducted many swachhata campaigns which have attracted many residents.
Earlier, Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy, while talking to reporters, said that Congress ministers cannot protest against the Prime Minister while they are still in office, because they have been appointed. Minister by the Lat on the direction of the Prime Minister.
The meeting also reminded that in the last elections, there were unpleasant incidents which shocked not only the village but the constituency as a whole.
“Rahul said that the Government of India has already included 22 languages ​​under the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution but the Khasi Garo language has not been included.
However, the Deputy Chief Minister's remarks have discouraged the people who were eager to listen to the facts.
Earlier, MLA Bah Paul Lyngdoh, while raising the issue, demanded that the government should abolish the examination by government departments but should continue to conduct the examination by the MPSC and DSC. if you don't have anything to do.
According to estimates by those working in these fields, the cost of accepting customers for banks in India has dropped from $23 to $0.1 with the use of DPIs.· Lower costs for banks to comply with KYC India Stack has digitized and simplified the KYC process; you have reduced the cost of labor; banks using e-KYC have reduced compliance costs from $0.12 to $0
Mawlai in the first 10 minutes of the match had a corner kick but couldn't score.
The government will seek the opinion of the legal experts on the rejection of the Governor's proposal to introduce the Administrator Rule in KHADC. Regarding the work of the District Council, but it was only on this occasion, that he mistakenly sent it to the Deputy Commissioner, from Raj Bhavan without going through the District Council Affairs (DCA) of the state government.
In the second division, Jongksha will play against Laitlyngkot at 3.45 pm and in the SPL, Rangdajied United FC will play against Nangkiew Irat at 4.45 pm.
But did you know that among those whom Jesus did good to, some became his enemies by becoming his betrayers and persecutors?
They believe that God has prepared a heaven and a hell.
“They also expressed their appreciation, because now many of the agricultural products of Meghalaya have become more popular not only within the state, but to export around the world”.
The number of confirmed cases has risen to 4,110, the death toll has risen to 913 and the total number of recoveries has risen to 54,8
In India, through the Khadar rule of the Assamese, because of our backwardness in all aspects and because we are a single nation, we have been set aside to rule under the SIXTH SCHEDULE of the Constitution. ) of the great country of India.
He also urged the residents of the area to refrain from the slaughter of fish.
She said that at the meeting today, not only the roster but also some issues related to the Reservation Policy were discussed.
On the same day, the Addl.SP also launched the tickets and the Jeep Thar for the fete to be held in November
Sadly, in these days, with the interaction of different races, evil deeds and the fear of God have begun to sting and many of the evil deeds have started to increase with the passing of the days.
But the question is who else will lead the government," he told reporters.
In the second match, Dongmihsngi beat Panaliar 4-1, in the third, Saindur Mihmyntdu beat Sabahmuswang 3-0 and in the fourth, Mulang Ialong beat Panaliar 4-1 -1 goal for Ialong.
Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District Dr. DV Lyngdoh, Principal Thomas Jones Synod College Dr. DG Lyngdoh were the chief guests. , trainers and participants.
Of course we need to pray, but our hearts must be right before God.
He also asked what the BSF has done about the killing of a woman in Donaskur and (L) Sylvanus (Chiang) Dhar.
These seven (7) jainspongs which were elected by the residents in 2018 are also the 'Niang kohnguh.
In the first leg of the tournament, Mawlai beat Madanrting FC 5-0
These markets will be closed until further notice.
She also demonstrated how to prepare juice from sohtrun by mixing it with some spices.
Dr. Anuradha Rai, Director, Gender Equity India Pilot under the ECHO Project, explained about the training. To train the teaching skills among the staff is the most important and to promote the full education of the children from an early age.
The meeting was chaired by the Chief Minister, Eknath Shinde.
Police from Mawlai Police Station have arrived at the scene to conduct a thorough investigation.
The UDP president said that the victory of Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah has not only strengthened the party but also the coalition government.
Ltd has employed 11 employees.
In a plea notice sent to Singhania, Deisy admitted that she had already taken the land from the owner of the land, Bah Sweetyjune Kharshandi, and did not use the land.
“Although there has been a ban by the government on the use of plastic, nothing has been done yet,” said Kong Sohtun. be thoughtful or able to control the use of plastic to avoid pollution of the environment and the surrounding area.
Earlier, when I read those lines, “Thank you to the devil for Thawlang, Iawbei” it stirred my mind.
but these lyngkhot were placed in a line, joining one lyngkhot pai with another.
When we live in society, you can’t avoid if society is bad.
Confirming this, BJYM Meghalaya President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang said that the money allocated by the central government is still in the budget of the state government as it has not been implemented at all for the training of teachers.
We are very sorry for this,” said Bah Lambor.
The United States and other Western countries are well prepared to launch bombs and missiles at Syria, in what will be a massive bombing campaign to overthrow Assad's government. which is in a civil war, which has been going on for two and a half years now.
The three villages where SBYWA distributed food items on the 5th include Lakadong Umlatdoh, Ladlakadong and Umlyngsha villages which have 36 households.
Therefore, it is not appropriate to speak publicly about these things, because they will only confuse the mind.
He said that the bridge at Umïam Dam has two structures, one is the super structure related to the bridge, where there has been work on the replacement of ball bearings, and another sub-structure where studies or research have been conducted and as of now, there is no damage to this bridge.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthymmai Circle through its Sier Lapalang Operation, has arrested 8 foreigners who were working in the Jelly Shop area, Nongthymmai. The HYC has sent these 8 persons back to their place of origin from Dhubri , Assam with the understanding that they should not return if they do not have EPIC and NRC proper documentation.
His score was 666.
Rupang has sought information from various political parties to find out which birds will be sent down around the constituencies to win their party candidate.
On the other hand, State Head Retail of BPCL North East, Pankaj Jain said that BPCL has already opened 17 recharge points for electric vehicles on three main roads. The needs of the North East such as from Guwahati to Dibrugarh, from Guwahati to Serampore and from Guwahati to North Lakhimpur.
