At 1 pm, a pig's milk was served and the children ate a delicious meal.
They have been prepared, even though they are still in the Government service and do not hesitate to violate the laws and regulations.
Thefts have happened every day in many villages until the people have to sleep at night.
In this regard, the elders of the area have appealed to the government and especially to the Local MLA Bah L.Rymbui and also the MDCs of War Jaintia to find ways and means to improve these projects. The problem of the residents who have been suffering in these days is that they don't get light and as soon as it rains, the light goes out.
However, it is understood that the party has given tickets to Biolynda from Mawthadraishan and LG Nongsiej from Nongstoin, as they may not have the goal to win.
Many of these plants are resistant to climate change and also bring health benefits.
According to police sources, 92 commercial taxis were fined for operating without proper documents and a fine of T.38,6
The Sohra market day also falls on the Rynghep market day (Khasi market day).
Shillong, Iaiong 26 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh today said that the number of patients in the state is very low. you are not light in the State.
“We have already sent the names of the candidates to the leaders in Delhi,” Rikman said.
On the other hand, Mukul said the Congress will contest this election according to its promises to the people and hopes to win this time.
We have not found any evidence but in the investigation if we get any information we will investigate this too.
He said that he does not support the money laundering to buy tickets in the BJP despite many people who have asked him to do so.
What is needed now is to come together and find ways to fight back over the continued misuse of investigative teams.
The people of today have become wise and are watching and watching the struggle for land of these leaders who have been empowered by the people.
Nongkseh SC vs Mawshbuit SC today (4:45 pm).
When the MDA government in October 2022 regularized more than 3000 government employees on adhoc basis, teachers were not included in the more than 3000 government employees.
The countries take special care of the 'lawadong, plant trees and siej inside the village.
Let us pray as Daniel prayed for Jerusalem, "Look with thine eyes and behold our destruction, not for our righteousness' sake, but for thy great mercies' sake.
Khliehriat jymmang 19: It is very shocking to see the garbage, garbage, garbage spread by the employees of the dewbilat company, Amirit Cement Limited, located in Umlaper village, Umlaper, Umlaper, Umlaper. The spread of garbage is very negligent and poses a threat to the health of the residents.
Therefore, I hope that all of us will take action against this violation of the rights of our farmers, which leads to a decrease in their income,” he said.
The WJDSA has sent athletes to the tournament in the categories of Athletics, Football, Basketball and Archery. In Athletics they have won 6 gold medals, 8 medals. silver and 7 bronze medals and also won the Runners Up category in the men's category.
Who shall worship before the priest?2
This will be the first time that the Kardashians will miss the Met Gala and show off their beautiful dresses on the red carpet.
While the opposition has 22 members, including 20 from the Congress, it is not known where the two independent MLAs, Lambor Malngiang and SK Sun and KHNAM MLA Adelbert Nongrum will support.
On the ILP, Allan said the UDP will continue to monitor the demand for the implementation of the ILP and also the need to implement the existing laws in the state such as the MRSSA. .
Police have arrested Assam Rifles soldier K. Gurung after he and his friends shot dead a police driver.
He urged that when setting up any type of shop, it is necessary to check the condition of the land so that the business can be marketable in the future.
Before 1982, the Thoh Team was a theft and illegal activity.
There are three priorities that Arvind Kejriwal wants to achieve in order to make India no 1 in all aspects:-1
This is evident from the false promises they made to the people.
Teiborlang Hinge will contest against former CEM and sitting MDC Andrew Shullai from Jowai Central.
They said that the State Government should look into this issue and ensure that the meat farmers get cows.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
However, the protest called by Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP, by holding a 40-day strike, has overthrown the second MDA government, which has had to appoint an Expert Committee. to review the Reservation Policy.
Besides, the report said that these people have forced only the school children to give these clean foods and these people have also told the school children that they have given these clean foods to eat because that they are just beginning to try to innovate and produce.
They were identified as Lathazuali Ralte, 45, and Lalduhawmi Ralte, 42. Besides 55.68 grams of heroin, police also seized two mobile phones.
The MGA has only one option, which is to find a place to store these items inside the JN Complex due to the inability to move them into the Multipurpose Indoor Hall due to the overcrowding.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Shillong Traffic Police have imposed a fine on any vehicle that parks and drives illegally in a prohibited area.
“If we look at the election for the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, the UDP won 12 seats, the VPP won 4 seats and the HSPDP 2 seats and this shows that the people have turned to the ethnic political parties. .
Giluwaji said the BJP government is not against any religion but the celebration of this day happened coincidentally this year, as Good Friday coincides with the birthday of Dr Ambedkar. India has decided to celebrate Ditigal Day in the country.
From this incident, we see a very great message, a message to those who do not believe the word of God.
According to the information received from the Hima Mylliem, the Hima Mylliem was formed by three village Raids, namely the Nongumlong Raid, the Nongkseh Raid, the Umlyngka Raid, the Mawshyllang Raid and the Shilliang Raid. and the Raid Sadew Saw Kur and the Raid Myrkhan which was created during the British period but they shared in the post of Minister, then there was the Raid Mylliem.
The KSU today met the Governor together with the students of CMJ University at Raj Bhavan.
Haphi face salan to the day.
The Minister congratulated the 31 award-winning cities for their projects and initiatives.
The 4th State Level Muay Thai Championship & Pro Fight 2024 organized by the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya has started in the city with the participation of 220 boys and girls from different districts. different State.
The misuse of natural resources by factories and mining companies has polluted the water and polluted the environment.
The first semi-final will be played on the 11th of this month (Saturday) between Tariang FC and Lakashiang FC at 2 pm.
“In the last MLA election, all the supporters of the UDP were not with me but they went to other parties, some went to the Congress to support Bah HDR Lyngdoh and also to the PDF. I see that at the top they say work together but among the party workers there is no such thing.
Oh, my parents and grandparents are very good in this regard.
Because the machine inside the company is not made in China, if it breaks down, it has to be maintained by the people of that country.
"“There will be areas where we can arrive at a resolution more quickly, but others will take time.
He said that when he went to the residence of the MLA of Sohiong, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh, he went to request the MLA to speak on the appointment of Bah Ardent M.Basaïawmoit. President of the VPP protests against the problems of the people.
The Meghalaya government will release 30 percent of the arrear of government employees and the amount will be released next month, the report said.
The FKJGP has also warned that it will not look into the construction of this road, and if the State Government cannot build a 2-lane road, then the NHIDCL Company will build a single-lane. From Jingkieng Borbasing which is 3 km to Alikwareng Road, the union itself does not agree, but will file a PIL in the Court for the rights of the people.
These scientists explained in detail how to raise cattle, pigs and other livestock which is easier and more beneficial to the villagers.
US officials said they had in fact spoken to the leaders of the two armed groups, Abdel Fattah al-Burhan and Mohamed Hamdan Daglo, who had reached the border. the opposition because of the desire to seize power.
In addition, the Minister said that the available land will be used for the construction of public places such as restaurants, parking lots and others to accommodate tourists and visitors. the State as well.
The floods have caused soil erosion, loss of crops, damage to livestock, houses and displacement of people living in areas adjacent to the Brahmaputra River.
He said that we should hold fast to all the customs and traditions where the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima/Elaka should hold the Kut Dorbar every year which is the way for the children of the thousand to learn. they will hear the year-end report.
This is a misuse of power and if they continue for 5 -10 years you open your mouth and they will shoot you in the mouth. "I'm sorry," said Mr. Ardent.
He added that this Digital Literacy also includes other types of software applications that are necessary for the public to know and understand how to use those software applications, such as Microsoft Office or Google. Suites and multimedia tools, such as Adobe Creative Suite, are very important applications especially in the workplace.
Leaders who foresee the challenges that the nation may face in the future and plan in advance any ways and means to prevent them before those challenges come.
“I went to Columbia University in New York; which is the best university in the world, they came from Punjab I asked, I said where did you come from, they explained they said my father is a farmer and I am proud to be the son of a farmer.
Yadav had earlier said he would not be injected with the vaccine because he did not trust the vaccine, which was launched by the BJP, in a speech in July
According to a complaint signed by the Chairman Ferdinand L Marshillong and the General Secretary Ibadalin Kharbuli, the FPWD has alleged that Bah Seiñ Osborn Kharjana has spoken at one of the public meetings held recently in the village. Sohiong said, “I used to say that when we elect the Rangbah Shnong, we elect the blind Rangbah Shnong, don't we? do you choose the right one? we don't choose the dumb, we don't choose the dumb, we don't choose the dumb, why don't you choose the blind, the dumb, the dumb? The reason is that he has a physical disability and we know that he cannot control himself.
“I don't worry, Muslims are not many people, but they have become very few.
There are 1,300 such buses in the city.
When asked why the KSU Jaiaw Circle has taken the initiative to conduct this campaign, the General Secretary said that after consultation with the He said that the decision to conduct this campaign is part of the efforts to help and develop the fellow citizens who work in various fields. Dkhar, if you speak slowly or slowly, he listens, even if you raise your hand, he listens, but if you touch the income, he responds by reminding us of the incident that happened in the past months. Chamat.
All the employees of the JHADC Staff Association (JHADC) have decided to hold a protest with placards for 10 months now due to the non-payment of their salaries. which has been going on since July this year.
In another development, Conrad Sangma said he had met with Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, where he wrote about the problems faced by the state due to the floods in these areas. a few days ago and asked for assistance from the Government of India on this issue.
The incident occurred at 4 pm on the 5th of November.
However, I have not received any reply from him yet,” said Dr Roy, who is the UDP MLA, while speaking in the House on the debate on the Governor's speech.
Speaking on the occasion, Sayeedullah said that the training in Khasi music is not only for Khasi but also for non-Khasi.
The truck (AS 01 DD 4251) was driven by Mohesh Ray of Goalpara, Assam, NL 01 Q 1949 was driven by Mataf Uddin of Guwahati, Assam and ML
The same robbers also threatened the Syiem of Raid Marwet, alleging that he was involved in the theft of land to the BSF. Raid Marwet, you have not lodged a complaint with the police.
These thwei are bright but very clean.
He said that the recent incident is not the first time, but there have been other incidents where four vehicles have been destroyed and the worker has been seriously injured. from the fall of stone in these parts.
In this regard, HANM has appealed to the Director General of the Border Security Force (BSF), Mawpat Headquarters, Shillong to relocate the BSF personnel in the area so that there will be peace and order for the people. The DG has promised to remove them from the area soon.
Riky Ash, 52, met his girlfriend, Katrina Dobson, 48, through online chat and they first met in person in October 2020, before the corona virus lockdown.
" Previous observational studies on alcohol and mortality in healthcare sectors have given different explanations for the reduction in mortality by moderate and moderate alcohol consumption such that reduction in the risk of cardiovascular disease, the renewal of those conditions and improve the effectiveness of insulin"
When asked by Rongsakano MLA Zenith Sangma whether the 32 lakh MT coal as stated is still available, the Chief Minister said, “This figure is correct. which they have given since 2014-2015 and why can't they ask during the census when he was a minister of the MUA Government. by the government, but it has not been accounted for since
The railway stations, the platforms and the road from the main road to the platform have been cleaned.
But we must say as Isaiah said – “Except the Lord of hosts had left unto us a very small remnant, we should have been as Sodom, and we should have been like unto Gomorrah.
The incident took place at Bairabi-Zophai in Kolasib district of Mizoram, also known as Kachurthal in Hailakandi district of Assam.
“If I can build a multi-room house in Shillong, I will be happy because the money I collect from the foreigners will feed the whole house,” said one of the elders.
Hek, who was surprised to receive the award, said that receiving the award is a great honor for him and this will encourage him. He urged him to work better for the good of Meghalaya and the country as a whole.
The Ïarmangkalai don't care about the people who have dressed them in sponge clothes and they don't have even a little rain to stir up their supporters just for their own benefit.
It is worth mentioning that Zakir Naik has been banned in many countries.
Lyngdoh also admitted that the BJP will win more than 272 seats under the leadership of MRD candidate Narendra Modi.
" (Luke 8:48).
As soon as Kongthei entered Lanosha's house, she began to feel bad.
It is necessary to explain in detail the preparation of the Riti Academy for the construction of those statues of the heroes of the state.
Besides the pig farming, the government has also moved forward to produce milk through the Milk Mission to provide milk to the people of the State.
Rida told of her dream, that she had not seen that the man who came to the shop would come to stay at home if her dream came true.
We encourage you to punish such a university.
He said that the State Government should release to the KHADC the rightful share as soon as possible and not delay and withhold the money that the Council should receive whether it is the money collected from the taxes. mineral resources, taxes on motor vehicles and other revenues that are usually shared between the State Government and the Council.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CAB) resigned today in protest against the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill (CAB).
Those present on the occasion included Bah Alfred Langi, Rangbah Shnong Umbi Mathan, Bah SD Matong, one of the leaders of the area and other village leaders of the area.
The Khasi and Jaintia have always competed within the 40 percent allocated to them.
The parties that have joined the PDF include the UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM and independent MDC Latiplang Kharkongor.
He said that the reason why they have taken the decision to strike is on these grounds: firstly, the government has not paid the honorarium properly and secondly, to increase the salary. nong according to the claim.
Shillong: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, will visit Meghalaya and Assam from 15th to 17th July,
Speech was also delivered by the General Secretary of the Sports Club who thanked the office of the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan for its support to the Sports Club. From time to time in terms of sports materials and funds through the implementation of various programs from previous years to date.
Shillong: A strong cyclone has struck the Riwar Mihngi area on the 26th of this month and many villages in the area have been affected by the cyclone. However, at the time of writing, it was reported that the work to repair the electricity lines has been going on since yesterday.
The VPP does not teach that the MLA should provide bicycles to the people but to provide adequate schools for the people.
The project was constructed at a cost of T.15.15 crore and is located at the Mushroom Development Center Upper Shillong in collaboration with YATS Corporation Tokyo which is also the largest mushroom producing company. Shiitake.
Let us be exactly like that myrsiang in Aesop's Fairy Tale who preached, “Hey, brother, cut off the stick to cleanse the road and the road”.
He said that the implementation of the Megha Health Insurance Scheme will benefit the sick and 3,47,000 households have already registered to benefit from this scheme.
When they arrived at Kawagra at 7 pm, these elephants attacked a house in search of food and in this incident, a woman named Faidila Momin was injured in the attack. while she was cooking in the kitchen.
Kharshiing said that it has been 16 months since Pangniang resigned as MDC and he asked Pangniang where the MDC schemes have gone in these 16 months. He said that before he resigned as MDC, Bah Pangniang had gone to get permission from the people of Rambrai constituency who elected him in the last MDC election. .
It is learned that the appointment of Bindo as MDC came after the UDP and NPP had agreed earlier that the UDP should get the KHADC and the NPP should go to the JHADC. He is the Senior Working President of the UDP and has been an MDC in the past years.
The Government has worked very hard to bring about change to ensure that our students do not fail to continue their higher education,” he said.
For many reasons, the electricity has not reached Meghalaya.
The incident occurred after the Dorbar Shnong of Khanduli decided to ban Karbi people from passing through the village.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek tomorrow 15th November 2020 will inaugurate the Woodland WK Hospital at Sabahmuswang.
ed/B.ed and those who do not have these.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Nongshken on Tuesday morning held a meeting to express its gratitude to their MDC, Kong Grace M Kharpuri for handing over the solar streets. Light) and Public Address System for the benefit of the entire population.
While swearing in the leaders of these two units, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, reminded them of what each and every full member of the KSU should take and that is not to spread the word. unit and the organization as a whole, but as the youths living in the border areas they have to live day and night because most of the people from Assam come to attack and collect taxes and they have to protect their own land and that to do parasnam.
This is especially true for foreign tourists who value the environment.
This can be caused by too much water in the soil.
He said that even in the morning of the UDP meeting, there was a man who shouted 'Ha U Prah' twice and when he went to talk to him, that man also understood the mistake and u The NPP on Tuesday strongly criticized the VPP for spreading political violence in the country. -Khasi and Jaintia Hills for the inability to convince the people with the empty promises of the party.
Dr.JN Shullai, Director of SDO-MCSWA, said that the purpose of opening this training center is on the basis of seeing the current situation, in terms of providing to take care of their relatives because at present many of them don't have time even to provide or wait for the sick either in hospitals or at home.
He said it is regrettable that as fellow leaders we should not blame ourselves and in the Council when working there is no blame on anyone even if there are three or four parties.
Regarding the recruitment of government employees, the government has decided to recruit only 33%.
He said that the UDP party, in terms of the issues of the people, does not remain silent and expresses its opposition even though it is one of the parties. Metbah said the party will fight to nominate candidates for the 2023 election from all 60 constituencies.
Of course, it may be recalled that the word 'abuse' can refer to physical or mental abuse.
Boston Marak admitted that the opposition now has 16 MDCs and it is enough for them to take over the ruling party.
In the second innings, SCA scored 101 runs for the loss of all wickets in 37.3 overs and TDCA scored 96 runs for 26 balls. over and lost 6 wickets.
“The construction of the Juvenile Home at Mawdiangdiang has been allocated at a cost of T.2.79 crore and a tender will be called to start the work,” said the head of the social welfare department. This house will be completed within five years.
We have shown our response in West Bengal where our fight against the BJP is evident,” she said.
Taking part in the discussion, Mawkyrwat MLA Bah Reniton Tongkhar said that he is pleased that the government should introduce laws to ensure that the resolution does not become a stone. jynthud the growth of the park.
It is not so with the judgment which is only a Mar and is not to be identified.
The Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima said that the 5 acres of land was given only to see whether the KHADC construction will benefit the people or not. He said that the Hima Mawphlang will continue to allocate more land to the KHADC if necessary.
The family members of Bah Enshon Lamare, in the presence of friends from near and far, have paid their last respects to the body of Bah Enshon Lamare today, October 8, 2023 at the ground floor of his residence. Mawlai Phudmuri before being taken to the cemetery.
The counting of votes in this constituency is scheduled to be held on 23rd July, 2018 and the polling day will be on 27th July,
However, there are some of his words that make me think that this old man has cut off his hands and feet to cut down the trees again.
HK Singh Memorial School beat Jowai District Presbyterian Secondary School 1-0
Michael said that this time the Movement will not give time to the government, but if it does not pass the provisions of the Act within 48 hours, the Movement will hold a strike.
Zayed Khan, who celebrated his 20th birthday in Bollywood, has announced a new film for his upcoming film this year. that this new film of his is very special and that he needs to punish himself.
to submit yourself to be included in these how to do it.
When examining the border dispute, it was found that the Assam Government, which is more aggressive, has crossed the border from time to time.
Shillong: The State Government today, 24th July 2021, after holding its meeting, has informed through the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek said that in the second month of November this year, the Union Home Minister, Amit Shah will visit Shillong.
Many have expressed their sorrow over the passing away of Bah HS Shylla, one of the leaders of the jaitbynriew.
“Have these MPs of Meghalaya spoken on this issue for the sake of the demands of the Khasi people,” he asked.
Shillong: The KSU Nongkrem Circle today launched an ambulance vehicle in the area to provide better services to the people of the area. and health.
The problem that the storytellers are facing now due to the lack of wages is because the prices have increased all over the world and they are having difficulty in supporting their families.
She said that at the Screening Center at 13Mer, there were also health experts to test for those who returned home. They were allowed to go home, but if they found that they had a temperature of more than 100 degrees Celsius along with signs of illness such as headache and fever, they were detained. quarantine center.
Regarding these issues , the union urged the District Council not to issue a certificate to Pa'iem Kynsai N Syiem to become the full Syiem of Bhowal Hima .
“We as the party as a whole, will stand for the welfare, the responsibility and the responsibility of the entire nation,” said Bah Rani.
When the bills are collected, the payment is tens of thousands of dollars, and how can we expect the people to pay the remaining amount in one installment? In the past few years, we have seen that MeECL has launched a special scheme for electricity consumers who cannot pay the full bill.
“We will not allow the ideology of the BJP to destroy your language, your customs, your religion, your culture and your history. you.
JOWAI: Two Congress MDCs have defected to the National People's Party (NPP) in Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) on Monday.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the villages in the area under the Mawphu Hydro Electric Project (MHEP) Stage II (85 MW) including Mawphu, Thieddieng, Umblai and Nongsteng has agreed that The news these days that there are people who are against it is not true, because most of them accept and there are a few who are against this project.
Meghalaya will face Hyderabad in the final which will start on 17th June.
Police are also investigating after learning that another person was fighting with the robber when he opened fire at the scene.
Shillong, July 18 : The Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association (KFAWA) has urged the state government to set up formalin testing centers at Khlieh Iewduh to test all the fish that arrive daily in the market before delivery. pat across the state.
Two goals from Cristiano Ronaldo helped Al-Nassr win their first Arab Club Champions Cup title.
In the South West Khasi Hills, there is one person from outside the state.
MLCU has also awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy of Education to Billiancy Lamare, a teacher and officer of the Department of Education in Meghalaya. degree.
On Sunday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky praised Matsievsky's courage and selflessness and announced an award in his name as a brave soldier of Ukraine. .
U Bah Mayralborn Syiem, after being re-elected as MLA of Nongpoh constituency for the second term, has extended his special thanks to all the people of Nongpoh constituency especially those who have supported him. services for the area and the district as a whole.
“We demand that the government should allow them to contest again as it has allowed those who have not completed D.E.L.Ed and also those who have less than 45 percent in Class XII,” he said. If the government dismisses the teachers just because they can complete the MTET besides they have taught for a long time now where will they go to work again and how to provide for their families.
The meeting was held at Vanni Hall, St. Peter's Higher Secondary School, Pyndengrei, Nongstoiñ and was attended by anganwadi workers, children from shelter homes, NGOs and others.
Shillong: The Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee (MPC) on Tuesday wrote a letter to the President of the MPCC, Bah Vincent H Pala and also sent a letter to Dr DD Lapang to express his concern. They demanded that Dr DD Lapang should return to the Congress party.
:In a sign of pride for the state, senior BJP leader and Cabinet Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, received the Dadasaheb Phalke Award.
The dancers include Heidi Drew, Febrina Sohtun and Lisa L Massar and the visual was produced by Mike Visuals.
Can we live only on jhur and dai? The Meghalaya Government is working with the ruling BJP in Delhi.
It is to be recalled that the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Sengkmie in recent months has decided that the Seng will not take any other measures, even if it should take a strong decision. If the State Government does not start the construction of Entry & Exit Points by June 2019, the union cannot wait to sit still. hands on the entry and exit of mynder and foreigners.
This is the vision of the people who have become part of the State.
They have not done anything to create jobs for the youth and now they are trying to deceive and deceive the people to get another five years to play with the future of the state,” said Bah Kharkrang.
PM Santhosh, who was dismissed for run out after scoring only 24 runs, Nishanta, who was dismissed for scoring only 24 runs, Nishanta stood firm to reach the century target by tied. and sometimes also by throwing outside the line.
Shillong: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills has announced that 1,245 shops in Iewduh have been allowed to open three times a month and 623 shops per day from 08:00 am. to 06:00 pm which will start from the 7th November, with the permission of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
Shillong, July 16 : The Eibanroy Langstieh Channel Football Tournament sponsored by the Eibanroy Langstieh Channel at Ladmawreng Village, Shillong, came to an end on Saturday last month where Mawreng Jr Academy won the title. They beat Lumsohriew 1-0
However, speaking as the new leader of the KHADC, Bah PN Syiem denied that it was only the authority of the ARPA that has been able to hold the special session of the KHADC, but all with the cooperation of the KHADC. Shillong, Jymmang 15: It has been alleged that Pa'iem Laborius Syiem, former Syiem of Mylliem Hima, is the broker of the CEM election. The State Government, said that it is too busy to visit all the villages and rural areas to sign the names of all the Chief Executive Members to show that they approve and agree with the Ordinance introduced by the State Government. Government to empower Rangbah Shnongs temporarily.
Lajong are excited to get the opportunity to play at home and as we have witnessed in the last two matches, so at the end of this month the club from this state will be able to play at home. I hope that the fans will fill and surround the stadium as has happened in the past games.
The reason for the inspection of the PHC at Mawlasnai, is on the grounds that they have received many complaints from the people, regarding the shortcomings of the PHC, especially The lack of doctors has caused a lot of trouble to the people, who need to go for treatment or treatment at the PHC. On this day, the leaders of the HYC, found and saw with their own eyes. They also found that many people are standing in line to get treatment at the PHC.
It is true that while the bills of the contractors cannot be paid and kept pending for years, the government has spent tens of crores of rupees on various festivals and festivals since the beginning of the year. Cherry Blossom et al.
They also urged the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to install speed breakers to curb the speeding of vehicles which has caused many accidents. and the people of the city rejoiced.
Wow! He became a king of fools in the kingdom of darkness.
These families who have been selected by the HYC Nongkohlew to distribute food items are those who have suffered from the lockdown to fight against the spread of COVID-1
On this occasion, the Seng Samla Nongpoh also distributed awards to these students along with certificates to commemorate this event. to the youth to have that spirit to continue to work hard in their various studies.
Doctors and other staff of the hospital should receive encouragement and hope from the Director.
Ahmed was arrested on 11th July from Golflink and charged under Section 14 of the Foreigners Act, but later, he was released on bail by his wife Hasina Ahmed. along with another Indian citizen in the end that he cannot leave the area under the jurisdiction of the court, and was released on bail by his wife to pay T.2 lakh, if violated.
The Deputy Commissioner of WGH, Jagdish Chelani, came to the scene to request for an end to the protest.
At the end of the year and after the harvest, there is a dance of joy and color of biria with the prayer that God will bless them in another year.
Brayden Thawmoit scored six goals in the 13th, 33rd, 36th and 40th minutes, Dakermi Kharbudnah in the 42nd minute and Dharen Elizer Syiemlieh. in the 49th minute.
“Look, don't waste your time on unnecessary activities,” said the mother.
A Curriculum Advisory Group and a State Consultative Committee on Early Childhood Education have also been appointed.
Nongstoiñ, March 11: The Meghalaya State Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) today announced that the State Level Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) will conduct a State Level Mock Exercise on the 12th March 9 pm in all districts of Meghalaya.
Earlier, on July 1, Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Bidyut Kalita was suspended from the party on charges of involvement in the same. The party has immediately taken steps to implement the punishment of this member of the party who was involved in the corruption case of Kalita. temporary employment from the position he held within the organization.
Nongpoh: The Nongpoh Raid Dorbar (NTC) has strongly supported the decision taken by the Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) to oppose the government's plan through the Transport Department to relocate the railway station. Weigh Bridge at 13 Mer Tamulkuchi and to smuggle it to Shangbangla village.
“We will meet all the chief executives to attend the hearing on the 27th of this month,” said Bah Dohling.
Shillong, November 19: The Mawphlang PHE Workers' Union (MPWU), which is the umbrella of the casual and work charge staff working in the PHE department of Mawphlang Division, on Tuesday requested the Government to release the salary arrears from April, May and also for the month of November
On the other hand, Rituparno Borkotoki, MIS Expert of KRC USTM, also gave a speech to the participants to explain the objective of JJM which is one of the schemes to provide drinking water to the people of the state.
It is unforgettable how Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA, was left alone.
Shavian and Angkit have taken 26 and 25 wickets respectively in nine matches.
The Jews or Israel should have ruled over the whole Gentile world, but because of unbelief they lost the right to be priests to God.
Shillong: After the people had finished burning the mombati at the statue of Kiang Nongbah, suddenly there was a stir and a terrible uproar among the youths.
He added, “Climate change will affect rainfall.
On Saturday, more than 1 lakh trees were planted along the NH-13 in Lower Subansiri district of Arunachal Pradesh.
Fear is spreading around the world and in the States of India because the organizations and groups of insurgents are intimidating people in various ways.
Rgh Paia said that it is expected that this year there will be no restrictions and the attendance will be free, therefore it is expected that many people will participate.
What is the impact of this Act on Muslims living in India?Muslims in India need not worry because CAA has nothing to do with their citizenship and has nothing to do with 18 crore Muslims in India have the same rights as Hindus.
“There is a child from the street who is now studying at the University, there is a child from the street who is now our instructor, who teaches other children.
Shillong, July 17: The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) on Friday accused the murder of two brothers by their father Jeofreeson Jana in Nongrah village. That the police of Rynjah Police Station have taken stingy and ignored the request for help of the mother of these two brothers regarding the assault by her husband from time to time.
The Minister also handed over a cash donation from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund and a personal donation to the injured.
You shall not be allowed to drive or throw others outside your country.
God foresaw all these things and God gave understanding.
If anyone has taken money or has not received these goods, they can complain to the office of the S.D.O, (Supply) by writing clearly their name and village so that they can punish them.
A happy and dignified life also includes a peaceful and happy family life, where children live in pride and the father does not abuse or beat his wife or children and vice versa. They don't have a husband in their own household.
Modi said that in this biggest pandemic of the century, the country is facing many challenges.
He said Assam has the highest number of youth fighters, followed by Manipur and Tripura.
Meanwhile, the KSU Saphai Unit strongly condemned the lack of electricity in Saphai village and demanded that the MeECL authorities should immediately provide electricity. electricity due to the power outage has put the public, the children who go to school, in trouble especially that the electricity bill is paid exactly as scheduled.
Besides being the residents of the border areas and lagging behind in many aspects, whether it is in terms of economic development and education, at the same time it is very difficult for us who live in this area. Therefore, if the government has a sense of responsibility, it should come and investigate as soon as it knows about it. “It is unfortunate that until today, not a single government official has come to inspect,” said Bah Blikson Mukhim.
The first match of the tournament will be between Wasa United and Rangdajied United Football Club.
The victims were NPP supporters and there was a clash between them and TMC supporters in the village for political reasons.
The match was very fierce as the players of both the teams were shown red cards by the referee.
“Vehicles should have a blue license plate to drive, and those with a red license plate should not drive,” she said.
The petition was signed by four Congress MLAs including Zenith M Sangma, George B Lyngdoh, Kimfa S Marbaniang and HM Shangpliang. and handed over to the Assembly Secretariat before the Legislative Assembly holds its session starting from 10th November
On the other hand, KHNAM, today, expressed its regret and condemnation to the Government of Meghalaya, after receiving the news, that the State Government, has taken stingy on this issue.
According to Pyndap, if the Election Commission allows THS Bonney to contest MP on behalf of KHNAM, it means that it has violated the order of the Court and the party will appeal against this.
There was also the distribution of certificates to 40 participants who have improved in their performance in various fields working as a team supported by DBMU and other government departments.
“We want to complete this before the end of October before the end of the financial year,” he said.
The match on Thursday will be between Mawlynrei SC and Dilingiem YSCWA at 5 pm.
However, the match did not impress the spectators, just because Laban SC played badly, and this did not impress the enthusiasm of many spectators or even the authorities. It is the responsibility of the SSA, especially after the lympung is ready to reach its goal of attracting a large number of spectators.
They were identified as Dilnaris Kharkongor, 18, Balahunlang Kharkongor, 13, Iaineh Kharkongor, 11, and Mewanskhem Kharkongor,
“The talk of fertilizer is like the talk of ksew meat in Smit market, the owner doesn't know, the head doesn't know,” said Bah Martle.
Despite the covid-19 pandemic, Meghalaya has increased its income through government expenditure and other foreign aid.
Now they have destroyed all the boundaries and they have gone to rob and threaten my son's husband tonight,” said Bah Shanbor.
There are those who sell cigarettes, sell waidong in the streets.
This increase in security came after the Border Security Force (BSF) has set a priority on the eradication of these illegal activities which have been going on from time to time.
American and British missiles will be launched from ships in the Mediterranean Sea or parts of the Persian Gulf or from fighter jets, which can fire from hundreds of miles away.
The Union in a letter said that Bah Sein Osborn Kharjana, Congress candidate from Sohiong, has spoken against the disabled at a public meeting held in Sohiong recently. .
Speaking at the meeting, Golden said that his joining the VPP was something he had thought about five months after leaving the Congress.
On the other hand, he strongly condemned the PIO for violating the laws of the Government of India and not respecting the rules laid down as it should fulfill its duties.
MLA & MDC Nongstoin Constituency Bah Gabriel Wahlang was the chief guest in the presence of Sordar of New Nongstoin Bah Sraly Rashir and others who distributed prizes including a cash prize. T.7 lakh to Lamare SC as the champion, and T.3 lakh to Ri Bhoi United as the runner-up with medals and trophies.
Maybe after Christmas, they will sit down to take a decision,” said Bah Titos.
Instead of protecting, caring for, maintaining and preserving, we do forty kinds of activities that destroy the gifts of nature.
He criticized the DC of West Jaintia Hills for his haste to erect the shiah signboard. “If the DC knows the boundary of the area, he should not erect the shiah signboard, he should not erect the pillar. He has to explain according to the facts,” said Daniel.
Despite the ban by the Ministry of Agriculture of the Union Government on the sale of glyphosate, these drugs are easily available across the Garo Hills.
Uruguay beat 2022 FIFA World Cup champions Argentina 2-0 at the La Bombonera Stadium in Buenos Aires in their World Cup qualifier.
The Board does not collect taxes from the farmers but only the KHADC gate collects taxes from the vehicles that come to sell the products.
“Therefore, we strongly condemn this incident and demand that the police should investigate the robbers involved and bring them to justice,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
The whole world is wary of Muslims, because their teachings are very dangerous and their actions, we all know.
He recalled that the DMK had joined hands with the BJP when Atala Bihari Vajpayee was the Prime Minister of the country, but said the party would not join hands with the BJP. At the meeting, the President and General Secretary were empowered to choose the alliance with any party they wish.
These non-tribals have received trading licenses in Byndihati-1, Chiehruphi-7, Caroline Colony-1, Dawki-3, Dkhiah East-32, Dkhiah West-6, Ialong-2, Iaw Musiang. -           59, Khliehriat-17, Khliehriat East-78, Khliehriat West-116, Ladrymbai-11, Ladrymbai B-158, Ladrymbai Datsimpein-102, Ladrymbai boh 1, La                Lad pon -16, Village-41, Mihmyntdu -3, Mihmyntdu B-1, Mission Compound Jowai-1, Mookhep-1, Mookyrdup-1, Moolamylliang-6, Moopala-5, Muktapur-1, Musiang Lamare-7, Mynkre-25, Nartiang-2, New Hill– 32, Nongsning-10, Ratacherra-1, S.J.Road Jowai-1, Sookilo-21, Sunapur-1, Sutnga-1, Thadlaskein-1, Thangskai-45, Tongseng-9, Tympang Club-7, Umkiang-33, Umlaper -4, Ummulong-2, Wahiajer-1, Wapungskur-1, 7mer (Pasyih)-17, 8mer (Phramer)-43 and 118 Trading Licenses which can be traded in many villages from one License.
“The Dorbar Shnong as a whole has strongly condemned the shooting death of two of its residents and also the shooting and injury of eight others by the police on the night of the 24th of last month. police in the village.
On the allegation by the BJP from Sohra that Dr. Khongjee is not a member of the BJP, Lyngdoh said, “We know that Dr. Khongjee is a full member of the BJP. You can't register by phone call, SMS or miss call,” he said.
The village has banned any candidate from bringing people outside the village during the meeting inside the village. For the accompanying vehicles, the candidate is allowed to bring only 7 vehicles. shrink.
Chanmitre Dkhar scored two goals in the 22nd and 77th minutes, while Banteibor Syngkrem scored the other goal in the 59th minute.
The fire destroyed 5 quintals of synsar, 5 months of khaw. 6 song of tin tata and including khiew ki siang, clothes, textbooks of their children and including all the necessary documents were not released after a terrible fire broke out and destroyed the house.
Speaking on the occasion, the Father Parish Priest of Mawlai Parish said, “Use your talents well, there are many young people who have talents but they don't succeed. Through this group, he hopes that they will begin to come forward.” Furthermore, the Father said, “Be like the name you have given to sanctify others, not only to be a means of employment. get jam,".
Rani could not disclose the name of the deceased roller driver and when he died but said he was informed in a letter by the leaders of the Association of Roller Drivers.
The department also hopes that in collaboration with the MSOA together with the Edge10 Group, they will be able to improve the sports activities in the state by encouraging and opening up opportunities for the athletes to participate in the tournaments. of the countries of the world.
There are about 100 fish shops in Iewduh while there are about 80-90 fish vendors.
However, the Deputy Commissioner had to change these orders after many opposition.
Speaking on the occasion, Raja Brahma said that the program was celebrated throughout India with the oath to promote, develop and preserve the country and its culture. customs, at the same time remembering those who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country.
For if they do, all the household shall die.
On July 30, 2013, the Deputy Commissioner of WJHD and the CEM of JHADC have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Khanduli within 10 days. still exists today, according to the organization.
The reason for this is that if there is no cooperation, support, encouragement from parents, relatives or the community, it will lead to those who are in distress, fear of self-harm or even taking one's own life.
It is clear that the CAA cannot be implemented in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills including Meghalaya, as the Central Government has already released the areas under Article 6 of the Constitution of India. as amended.
Furthermore, after the incident, the district authorities have imposed a night curfew in Tura and also under Section 144 CrPC throughout the city to control the situation.
He said the state government is examining the laws to address the issues of the Rangbah Shnongs after the decision of the High Court.
:FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle under the leadership of Bah Michal Chyrmang, President of FKJGP-Jaintia Zone and led by Bah Marhok Kynti Marboh Vice President of FKJGP-East Jaintia Hills today came to visit Trading License, Labor License in Ladrymbai and Dkhiah West, 'We have written to the JHADC from time to time to issue trading license to foreigners in East Jaintia Hills. The council has not done anything but the council has not done anything.
Furthermore, Bah Lyngdoh appealed to the public to take this as a means of information.
It's time to make a change".
School children, Asha, Anganwadi, Amkoi Musical Club, Amkoi Sports Club, community, SHGs, job card workers and others participated in the training.
If it is not enough, we have to work quickly and not just rest.
“This will bring about a change in the way of thinking and feelings of the people in this area,” said Bah Saibon.
He also promised to take action to introduce the Science and Commerce stream and the Arts stream which does not exist at Tirot Singh Higher Secondary School Nongkhlaw.
My father didn't know, I didn't want to tell you.
Replying to a request from the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma said, “ If this case reaches the court and looking at the orders of the Supreme Court, it is difficult to say how the Supreme Court will react.
The team of Indian and Bangladeshi officials will submit a report to their respective cities on the bus operation and if it is appropriate, they can continue.
' Isn't that right? In the same way, the Khasi call the angels and saints of God in Heaven by “me” and “pha”.
How many of them have returned to Shillong to work or who cannot get work again? Those who work day jobs in tourist attractions in the State and youths who have spent tens or hundreds of thousands of rupees on tourism, how can they pay the fees? And those who used to work day and night where are they now, by what other means of income have they been able to work? the apot shall never end again.
Other activities included a cultural program and the final match between Mawphanniew and Kynshi and the program ended with the distribution of prizes.
However, Amit Shah, Home Minister of the NDA Government, has granted ILP to MANIPUR in PARLIAMENT and said that it is the GIFT OF THE PRIME MINISTER. INDIA (Gift of PM) is a state ruled by the BJP. However, this Minister did not hesitate to meet with the Ministers of the State Government or the Sengbhalang during his visit here. NONGBAH SHILLONG on 23rd July 2021 on Tuesday announced that he will be appointed as the Union Minister.
These leaders are quick to turn head-to-head as they please without regard to the voters of their constituency.
There are 2169 confirmed cases of Covid-19 in the state; 1569 cases in East Khasi Hills, 13 cases in West Khasi Hills, 6 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 138 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 10 cases in West Jaintia Hills District, 273 cases in West Garo Hills. 129 cases in South Garo Hills District, 14 cases in South West Garo Hills District, 4 cases in East Garo Hills District and 4 cases in North Garo Hills District.
“I am sure that together with you (Lamphang) and him as Symbud Lamphang, you will be able to run the House in a proper manner. day".
However, do you see that it is true?” said Bah Sanbor.
He said that on 19th June, the second tranche of funds for the completion of the college will be released to the implementing agencies.
Foods rich in omega-3 include fish, seeds and nuts.
Participating in a short duration discussion on the collection of revenue by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) from the farmers of Block II, the issue was raised by the MLA of Mawhati. , Mr. Charles Marngar.
Jeengaph said that when he brought the money to the Hima Dorbar T.20,00000 tyngka, the people of the Hima said that there is no such Sirdar anymore, but when he found out through RTI, The party found that this Sirdar brought only to extort money from the people of the Hima.
I would also like to congratulate the residents of Tura who have worked together to make this Meghalaya Games a success.
Maligaon, November 26: U Mohd Jamshed, General Manager of NF Railway, today met with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah PBO Warjri. These include the new land acquisition, the inspection of the railway line and the new line from Tetelia to Byrnihat and from Byrnihat to Shillong.
The Minister said the company will spend T.185 crore on the project and it will be completed within 12 months.
“There have been many construction projects in progress but we will continue to use more and more to build what we have already prepared a list to build about 40 buildings across the state and activities will begin soon.
We will still fix the date, but this meeting will be held in July 2023," he said.
The MLA elections in all 60 constituencies are less than a year away and this is the time for the voters to look back on what they have received from their leader in the last four years and one that he has brought to them. their villages all these years.
The program was held as part of the four-day visit of the Chinese delegation to India and also to discuss related issues in the development of bilateral relations. close between these two countries.
The party started celebrating its 20th anniversary on 12th October, 2016 and ended today. On the closing day, Bah Julius Dorphang MLA Mawhati was invited. Samuel Jyrwa, Chairman NESO, who is also the former President of the KSU, was invited to attend the programme. However, both of them did not attend the programme. Other guests who were invited to attend the 20th Anniversary Celebration were RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew, HYC General Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrin, KSU President Daniel Khyriem and FKJGP President Joe Marweiñ. Besides the speakers, there was also the distribution of prizes to the winners of various competitions among the FKJGP. school children and other prizes, there were also dance performances which enriched the programme.
) 3.
Bantei Iakai scored the third goal.
Shillong, Naitung: In collaboration with Viacom18, the Royal Stag Boombox is one of the first music production platforms to combine Bollywood and hip hop music. a new song.
The Rod opened the way to walk, the Rod of God supported the walk, the Rod of God brought forth fresh water to drink and the Rod of God gave victory in battle.
Shillong: The President of the MCTA, Dr. (Ms) BH Buam, on Tuesday said, “I want there to be a reconciliation by understanding, and Sir Jeffreyson Wahlang should be re-appointed. Our attempts to negotiate with the management of St. Edmund College to restore the reputation of the College, but it seems that they have closed the door.
However, the Central Government has rules for this lottery (Regulation) Rules, 2010 and therefore, new rules have to be made according to this Act.
On the part of the Secretary In Charge, Bah M Khongshei, he appealed to all those who have the desire to develop the college to contribute to provide better services to the area.
And it is impossible to have only one language, one understanding and one thought.
The journalists also had the opportunity to talk to State Government officers, Rangbah Shnongs and beneficiaries of government welfare schemes.
From the events we have witnessed in the past few months and months, there is now a slowdown in the spread of COVD-19 compared to the previous months,” said Conrad Sangma. lad newspaper.
The incident occurred at the same place where 11 traders from Assam were abducted last November.
Besides the students, special awards were also presented to Dr Kermi Tariang, Michel Myrchiang, filmmaker and Dr. Daimon Mickey Lamin.
Badon Tham (22:04:08 Sec), Pynshngain Dkhar (25:18:05 Sec), Kedrik Kharpor (26:28:40 Sec), Ksanbor Kharmawphlang (27:47:77 Sec), and James Tamang (28:10:04 Sec) in the men's category while in the women's category, Smitha Jasain (36:30:52 Sec) and Emily Bareh (40:19:42 Sec) won.
NPP means Public Money Holder (NPP).
The most important thing now is the public appearance of the Trinamool Congress.
He said that while he and his friend were buying something from the shop, some people went to shoot their friend, who was standing on the road and when they went to help They also alleged that the Nepalis used injurious weapons to shoot the Khasi youths.
One of the most obvious is the lack of women or mothers.
If I don't test, I don't think I'll be treated properly and I'll undoubtedly fall under category C or D. Categories where my life will fall into the hands of the rescue team.
“If there is an invitation from the government, especially at such times when we need to resolve the issues regarding the border, we should take part,” he said.
The Supreme Court has rejected the recent decision to hear its own petition for the states of Assam, Tripura and Assam. North East and other complaints received from different parts of India.
Speaking at the programme, Dr Ampareen said that the government has a strong commitment to work hard to improve health in the rural areas. centers which are smaller on the basis of limited population.
“For God is not a man that he should lie” Numbers 23:1
“We see that this dairy complex is a great opportunity for more than 2000 farmers most of whom are women to benefit from this dairy,” said Conrad.
Conrad will visit Wahiajer village at the invitation of the Minister of Transport, Ma Sniawbha Dhar and will spend time despite the curfew called by the North East Students' Organization (NESO). .
Those who value and appreciate the purpose, don't need to know that they say they will give and they don't give, there are many people in the world who don't even get food once a day, we are happy to know that voluntary organizations such as shlem help the poor and create opportunities to help.
Other members of the Executive Committee are Rev S Siangshai and Rev Puhran Sangma.
At the hideout near the airport, north of the city, the two killers of Charlie Hebdo employees, Cherif and Said Kouachi, reportedly had one of them. kidnapped and are in a secret place.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has launched the None Of The Above (NOTA) for the people who do not want to vote for any candidate in the MP Lok Sabha Elections. dated June 2014.
 Jesus said, “Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
Wanboklang went missing at 5:30 pm and was last seen on the By-Pass Road in Traw Lwai.
In the 17th North Shillong Constituency, the candidates who have nominated themselves for the contest are; Adelbert Nongrum VPP, Dr Aman War UDP, Ransom Sutnga NPP, Miss Elgiva Quinette Rynjah TMC, Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh KAM while on the BJP side, it is not known yet. , Whether the ticket will go to Bah Michael Kharsyntiew or Bah Maryahom Kharkrang, the party has not yet decided whom to give while both these candidates have not yet decided. .
He said that the Council will go to court in the coming days on any matter that violates the policy of the Council by the government.
Almost all men and women have entered into marriage as if the only question they had to decide was whether they loved each other or not.
A total of 17 districts have been affected by the floods, which have affected 1,90,675 people, the source said.
Satya Pal Malik made the announcement at a function held at Raj Bhawan in Shillong in the presence of Major General Ananta Bhuyan, Sena Medal, Additional Director General of the Senate. the National Cadet Corps (NCC) of the North East Directorate and the Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU), Professor S Krishna Srivastava.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KHNAM) has expressed its deep sorrow over the unfounded and unknown conflict by foreign authorities over the issue of Iewmawlong.
She said that those ILP supporters have blamed the whole world for the destruction of Meghalaya.
In another development, the DC said that they have not sent an FIR against him. We as the district authorities have issued a public announcement and have informed and explained to the public in the media.
“Education should not be just a basic education but should be a valuable education in this age.
It is the responsibility of the family and together with the Dorbar Shnong we can protect it better from now on.
On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs congratulated the police for their hard work in arresting the suspects within 24 hours.
The Word of God says “ And God saw their works, that they turned from their evil way; and God repented of the evil, that he said he would do unto them; they.
There is no difference in raising any issues on the indigenous people because she will sit in the highest seat in the country and it is an opportunity for the voters to express issues affecting the indigenous people and the That is what the Lamphang says as the President of the UDP and therefore the action of the Minister is not right.
The Administrative City will be built at Mawkhanu-Mawpdang on the 808 acres of land acquired by the Government, he said. .
The scientists in the state have been trying for more than two years to produce a rice that can be free from this disease and be beautiful and healthy by crossing these two types of rice.
On the other hand, the TMC leaders have asked the HNYF to provide time to the party to provide the necessary documents and with a request not to close the office. They demanded the dissolution of the Cablib company and the introduction of the All Shillong Tourist Taxi Drivers United Organization. and that the interview should be called again and more Khasi children should be recruited to work in the company.
When they were far away from each other, they continued to express their love by writing letters and after a year, when he finished his studies, he decided to go looking for his beloved, but in At that time, he didn't have anything to buy a plane ticket to Sweden and so he sold all his possessions just to buy a bicycle.
“No, no, there will be no impact on the 6th Scheduled Forests in the state as well as on the private forests,” he said.
“" means from the same mother, not from the same father.
The competition will be held in two categories.
Replying to a question on the Governor's speech, Conrad said, “Although the proposal to purchase land in the catchment areas is sufficient, the need for funds is huge and we may not be able to have this".
Police have also arrested the driver and owner of a night super bus named Arup Nag of Upper Babupara, Tura, Suresh Burman (59) of Beldarpara, Tura and Shankar Dalu (33) of Mukdangra, Garobadha. to investigate the matter.
He sent me the ILP, and I showed it.
In the U-16 category, Nativity Higher Secondary School won both the men's and women's categories including Bajoplang Sohshang of Badaphun Nongrem.
This happened after 19 people belonging to the Kuki-Zo ethnic group were buried on the 16th of this month in Kangpoki District.
He said the powers of Rangbah Shnong and Village Authorities cannot be undermined by any order of the Court.
“On the MOU, the focus will be on the UDP, because this is the matter of the UDP which has promised not to turn back on the MOU and now that it is in government it will be the way forward. “It's not enough to achieve this,” said Bah Nongrum.
Experts explain that mental health issues will increase in the coming months due to the lockdown.
“We have not been affected by the slow rainfall.
Finally, I would like to ask this question, from now on will teachers have to sleep on the streets every three or five months to get their rights or salary? We must end this completely.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Sordar of Mawbyrkhong village, Bah Hor Sing Mawdoh, was seriously injured in a truck accident today.
There are 2053 polling stations in the Shillong Lok Sabha and 1114 in the Tura Parliamentary constituency.
According to reports, the three youths came from 2:30 pm to line up to cast their votes.
He hoped that through this day, the residents of Ri-Lum Jaintia will stop using plastic bags.
In the past five years, the farmers have been able to get fertilizers through the market where they have to buy them at very high prices and those who sell them also take advantage of the farmers.
We have come here to express our condolences to our brothers and sisters who have suffered from these attacks,” said Poonam, a Christian from Punjabi Bagh in Delhi.
“If you go to the law, you can't do it without witnesses,” said Bah Shanbor.
He urged the people to vote for the BJP. “Whatever we do, we have to trust the central government.
Eating too much sugary foods can lead to weight gain and this affects many functions in the body.
He said the signing of the social agreement came after the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Meghalaya and Assam on 29th July
Speaking to media, MPCC President Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh and two Congress MLAs from Ri Bhoi, including Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem and Umroi MLA, George Lyngdoh, said that the reason why the Congress party has taken this step to come out and march against the BJP government is because they can no longer tolerate these increases. Petrol, Diesel and other beverages prices.
This affects many aspects.
The state government will pay T.4 lakh to the families of each of the deceased.
The match will start with Maitchaphrang Mowtyrchiah vs Caroline Colony at 12.00 pm and Nangbah Dukhu vs Khliehmyngkrem at 2.00 pm.
The first in 1906, the second in 1956 and the third in
W Rani said that since November 2020 until now, Musniang village has not received ration, because the BDO has not signed and renewed the documents for receiving ration.
:The new Khasi song, “Nisha”, will be released on the 15th of June
“Thousands of people have fled their villages and arrived in Shillong and this could lead to any unpleasant incident in the city and therefore we urge the Government to will take strict measures to prevent any incident in the state,” the petition said.
Does the foundation also change? It is a pleasure that the State has tried to have a State Education Policy.
On this day, there will be a ceremony to honor the leaders of the Kur from all over the Bri u Hynniew Trep, a Shad Culture, and a speech by the special Rangbah of the Kur. and Commanderful Sana, Publicity Secretary.
There will be special sections on voter registration, informed and transparent voting, the value of the vote, inclusive elections, Model Code of Conduct, IT Applications, EVMs. , biographies of returning officers, BLOs and others.
As part of expressing his condolences over the incident, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has assured to provide all assistance to those affected”.
Meanwhile, the counting of votes for Nongstoin, Rambrai-Jyrngam and Mawthengkut in West Khasi Hills will be held in Nongstoin while the counting of votes for Langrin and Mawkyrwat will be held in Mawkyrwat.
“I met him in November 2018 and I found in Bah Michael that he is a very old man who lives with his family on the border.
Other speakers included Thynda Sana, Firstly Syad, Pheinlang Siangshai and other members of the Congress party. treasurer of Block U Nicolas Swer.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 17: Rambrai area is in dire need of development works in education, roads, health and others.
The truth is that the leaders of the political parties are too afraid of losing the votes of the Non-Tribals especially in Garo Hills Plain belt, even those in Shillong are afraid of losing the votes of the Non-Tribals. you vote for Non-Tribal.
Did we know Eating slowly can be helpful for fat loss or weight loss.
“The Central Government should also immediately implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 as it was implemented in Manipur two years ago.
“According to the media, those who want to replace them want to be replaced by others who are stronger,” she said.
Shillong, March 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell led by Samla Raymond Kharjana, on Tuesday met with the Director of NEIGRHMS to discuss the issue of This decision to meet with the Director of NEIGRHMS, Dr Nalin Mehta, was taken after many of the applicants who had to sit for the examination They complained about the lack of clear information as well as their inability to register through the provided Website.
The campaign, which was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 15th November, 2023 at Khunti, Jharkhand, launched with the launch of Information Education Communication (IEC) vans. at the same time from different places.
However, as I said, all the hard work has yielded a clean result and I hope that even this 100 hectares will be repaired,” he added.
On the other hand, the Union of Saw Shnongs has taken measures to protect the river throughout the year and has banned the use of prohs as these destroy the dohum in the river. they.
Thomas said that if the government does this, the income through tourism will increase in the state.
It is good to see that all of us have shown a sense of responsibility for our country and nation.
England won the Super Over by 15 runs from an over in six balls.
In Meghalaya, he said the NHAI is constructing a 62 km road project at a cost of T.536 crore and it will be completed next month.
On the other hand, the union has conducted a search operation and during the search for evidence, it has found the house. drugs.
Amita Sangma has demanded a CBI investigation from the State Government but the Government has not listened, Amita has filed a case against the CBI. to demand a CBI investigation.
“Your father, somehow they are fighting hard today with Bah Let,” said Hep. While Maheh and Men Kmie were sitting on the fire, they were listening to each other.
At the same time, he advised and reminded the youth to be steadfast and united, to work hard so that they can reach their goals.
“People set up these factories illegally and when we punish them they stop working but after a while they stand up again,” said an official of the state forest department who did not want to be named.
“Earlier, we were allowed to pick up passengers from NEIGRIHMS but now we have been moved to a place opposite the phalor nar outside the hospital,” said another STPS bus driver.
At the Gandi Market in Sikkim, evening market visitors can rest on their chairs.
We find that the NDPS Act, 1985 has many shortcomings and even the Police Department is concerned because in many attempts to arrest those involved but it is not possible. .
Speaking on the occasion, PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak said that the scheme has been implemented under the North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme (NESIDS) and through this it will help to free Tura from water shortage.
He said that when this happens, the Executive Committee has to immediately appeal to the Governor through the State Government to inform him of the incident. Martamlin said that as in the past, it has been through the state government.
Shillong, November 2: The one way from Dhanketi to Firebrigade through Don Bosco and Laitumkhrah Police Point has been opened during the monsoon holidays after the closure of schools and educational institutions. in the afternoon and this shall be effective from the 5th until further notice.
There was also the distribution of the Community Investment Fund to the SHGs of women and three Village Organizations received 5.80 lakh tyngka while 21 groups of youth received 5.80 lakh tyngka. Financial support of Rs. 9 lakh through the YESS Programme.
“I am here for the sake of the people and the state.
He said that as the Bishop of Nongstoiñ, he wants in this religious state to have a love for the people and the work entrusted to him and to have a love for his own work.
The tournament, which started on 25th November, was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India (BFI) and supported by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government.
In this way, that group will not lose its share of any jobs or posts that have been allocated to it at the time of initial recruitment.
Meanwhile, the 17th Interim Report was approved and submitted by Justice BP Katakey (retired) on 22nd November,
In Group B, Kharang Sports Club will play against Iasnohktilang Football Club at 2:30 pm followed by a match between Umpling Sports Club and Mawkriah West Sports Club at 2:30 pm. Group A at 4:15 p.m.
Because the children of Israel sinned, they feared their God, they were terrified when he spoke, it affected them, the earth and the nature shook with a sound, the heavens and the earth shook with a sound. The words of God are all to praise God, even the birds, the fire and the cold, the wind, the hail, the storm, the hills, the cedars, the wild animals, the wild animals. King of the earth, old and young – Praise the Lord.
Sohmynting SC came in sixth position after losing three and drawing two and scoring two points.
The MDA-2 and VPP governments have to rely on the recommendation of the Expert Committee.
Bah Mayraldborn also urged the Longkmie to continue to work hard in the production of these types of clothes, as the Ryndia clothes are the clothes produced from this place, which will be exported to the country. other places.
Bah Sutnga said that Motphran is a place where many bad incidents happen and it is difficult for the village to do anything because it no longer falls within the boundary of Mawkhar.
On the back there are signs that say 9+B+TOLL+ROAD then three dots and
Convenor NH RC Bah Dibishon Malai said that the party will talk to the government authorities on the incident and demand that the investigation should be handed over to the CBI to find out the truth about the death of this woman. .
These bombs were defused by the Bomb Disposal Squad.
“How is it, we are poor.
Of those who have reached the age of 55 years and above, there are only two women, Kmoin Wahlang and Trissina Wanniang.
He said the government should have released the arrears for the months of November, April and April this year.
“We feel that the Act should be amended so that the disadvantaged youths will be able to attend schools in these schools, where at present, they attend only the schools of the poor. Priyank Kanoongo, Chairman of the NCPCR, said that 74.01% of the students in schools run by Christian groups are non-Christians. there are also states, where it rises to 80%.
Tiwari scored 121 runs while Charak scored 159 runs.
“Political change may be influential but not necessarily.
On the other hand, Gigur said that the budget for the department has not been renewed and the Meghalaya High Court has ordered the district to do so. Court to use modern equipment and technology through online conduct of cases and hearing through video conferencing and KHADC expects that all these will succeed. no that.
Shillong, July 12: During a four-day meeting between the Indian Border Security Force (BSF) and the Bangladesh Border Guard (BSF), the BSF said that there are 39 insurgent camps in the area. in the east from various groups who have settled across parts of Bangladesh.
However, this is not the time to dissolve the Government's public health facilities and it cannot be said that in this pandemic these public health facilities have been destroyed with hard work and dedication. Doctors, nurses, nurses, ward boys, ambulance drivers, asha and others have been able to support and treat many of the residents who have been infected with Covid1
The young men were clever in the dorbar as if they were climbing a skong in the 'lang tylli.
Regarding the bridge, the WJSU has urged the PWD (Rds), Jowai South Division, Jowai to repair the bridge immediately from the date of construction. They did not accept the complaint because they could not go to see the PWD's negligence of the safety of the people.
“We request the Prime Minister to set a date for the meeting this month on the issue of teachers,” said HM Marbaniang, MSSASA 4th Teacher Committee.
The HYC has raised the issue of MeECL's failure to provide electricity.
Dr Star Pala, Associate Professor, Department of Community Medicine, NEIGRIHMS, said that parents need to take action to prevent their children from eating plastic foods which affect the health of children and can cause many kinds of diseases in the body.
As soon as they arrived, the father quickly threw those trees into two rats – one for him and one for Ksan.
You can also witness this before your eyes.
The total construction cost includes about T.9 crore as land rent and T.74.38 crore as construction cost.
Speeches were also delivered by doctors explaining the importance of starting a small family.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Pangñiang said that his re-election in this election is because there are still many things that he has not been able to accomplish in the past years.
However, the people do not work until they are sure to get adequate protection.
Regarding the transfer of Directors in the most important department of the state which has up to 7 directors in just 2 years, the department said that the transfer is in accordance with the order from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. government.
On the day of the qualifying round, which started in Pot 4, the national team was the first team to qualify for Group B by winning B4 after becoming the first team to qualify. along with Syria (B3), Uzbekistan (B2) and Australia (B1).
When asked by the reporter whether these are the reasons why the people have blamed the Congress party, “The main reasons why the people have blamed the Congress party is the Rangbah's job. “There is a ban on coal mining,” said one of the Congress leaders.
Marngar said the KSU has been monitoring this issue from time to time and the reply from the Government is that it is still waiting for the Central Government to accept the MRSS (Amendment). ) Bill, 2020 and that the decision of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly to implement the Inner Line Permit is still under the review of the Central Government.
The Butchers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) has decided to resume the sale of meat from 3rd November.
Ltd employs 10 employees and K.R Polymers employs 8 locals.
Darjeeling is 62 km from New Jalpaiguri railway station and is a Toy Train that takes 7 hours to reach.
Regarding the labor licence, what is more surprising is that private individuals who have been authorized by the KHADC, go to these places to provide and promise to issue labor licence to foreigners by collecting money from their shops.
This has affected the students who come to study in the schools in Kynroh where even the footpath has become more difficult especially during this season.
Today, 10th July 2022, EMRI staff with the support and accompaniment of HNYF, left to meet with the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma at his office at the Secretariat, but the visit was in vain, as the Minister was not present at his office, as he was still outside. but in the city of delhi.
For the definition of Cadre Strength in relation to Reservation, I request readers to refer to the Brochure of Reservation of the Dept.
Gouramangi Singh has become the highest paid and richest footballer to date, more than Sunil Chhetri and Bhaichung Bhutia, who have retired.
The Forum suggests that the Psiar and Khanduli Sector should not be discussed first.
These should make it clear that the conduct of such examinations should be held in the states of those who have to sit for the examinations, so that it will be an equal opportunity for all.
Speaking to media, u Bah Banphira said that it is due to the government's negligence, which has brought despair to the youth until the thieves and looters have increased even the flowers.
For more information please call 87941-4
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has left for Qatar to create conditions for a ceasefire between the two sides.
Babu Bording Lyngdoh, who was the chief guest in his short speech, congratulated the Sohkhyllam Sports Club for continuing to organize such games from time to time to develop the sportsmen in the area. Many athletes from all over the Khasi and Jaintia Hills have participated.
The District Magistrate has also banned the public from buying pigs for slaughter and selling in these villages and all pig farmers should be clean and should not allow anyone to enter their pigsty.
The Khasi who don't know how to unite are the losers of us.
The Union also honored the CEM of JHADC T. Shiwat, Deputy CEM JHADC AA Shullai, Chairman JHADC L. Shylla and the Minister in charge of PWD S. Dhar S. Mukhim MLA, J.Dkhar MLA and other MDCs and MLAs of Jaintia Hills and MP V.Pala who have worked together with all the Rangbah Shnongs within the Union for the fulfillment of the aspirations of the people of the country. Jaintia to regain their rights in all aspects, for the development of the country and all their needs through the assistance of the Dorbar Shnongs as in the past.
The result according to the booklet on page 5 shows that out of 44 students of Jail Road, 39 students have passed and the total score is 89%. page 41 of Sibsing Memorial Govt.
The hospital, which has a capacity of 100 beds, is located at Panaliar, Jowai and was completed in
God through the Bible says, “Be ye holy; for I am holy” (Lev. 19:2).
He said that this is only the beginning of the protest and if the government remains silent they will take stronger measures in the future.
If the Dong finds anyone who violates the rules for the first time, it will impose a fine of T.500 tyngka and this will increase sharply if more violators are found.
Participants shall provide the opportunity for political information, in accordance with their legal obligations, to provide prior permission from the ECI and/or Media Certification & Monitoring Committee (MCMC). ) of the ECI in respect of election-related advertisements bearing the names of political parties, candidates in the ongoing elections.
These are just the exploitation of the sellers because they know that there is a shortage of sellers.
“There have been reports that more than Rs 20 crore has been spent for the construction of this road, but I don't know why the government has remained silent until now,” he said. ".
The Parish Priest of Nongpoh Parish, Fr Peter Syiemlieh, Sisters and relatives, friends and relatives were also present at the ceremony. They came to accompany the couple for the purpose of completing the marriage ceremony even though they could not see their human faces.
Through the understanding of our duty as responsible citizens, let us fulfill this responsibility in joining hands with the government authorities in all areas to prevent this disease.
The program was conducted by the District IE Coordinator, Bah Salanbor.
Debilansi Khyriem, son of former MDC Ma Planning Rymbai, passed away on
Let them speak of our works.
Ms Ampareen said that the State Governments including the present and past ones, have taken many steps to achieve this vision but “we have not seen it come true” she said.
The government's inability to install the necessary equipment for testing food is very serious.
Shillong, Naitung 27: A delegation comprising Tura MP Conrad Sangma, Shillong MP Vincent H Pala, Shillong MLA AL Hek and members of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Customs & Central Office The Excise Service Association (EAS) has met with the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and submitted a petition to establish the Chief Commissioners' Office in Shillong.
Shillong, July 30 :U NPP Leader and Minister of State, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday congratulated the Congress candidate from Tura Parliamentary Constituency, Saleng Sangma. The people have lost confidence in the Congress in Garo Hills.
According to police, the woman said that the robbers shot her and threatened to kill her when she tried to escape from their hands but they managed to catch her and took her to the vehicle. into the forest and raped her.
Earlier, Bhattacharjee had requested the Tribunal that these rivers are important in the city and need to be protected.
After Kmie Rida left the shop, Kong Mer began to talk about Kmie Rida.
He said that the border issue will affect the NPP in Garo Hills.
Thus, on the Temple Mount, near the Dome of the Rock, the third Temple of the Jews will be erected, and it is here that the Destruction of the Beast will appear.
This has greatly encouraged the soul of Maya as a mother as well as Rida as a child.
The answer is that to protect the environment, there needs to be unity from all sides, from the government, citizens, officers and civil society.
In the 1972 Ranji, Naik was dropped from the XI as a batsman.
When asked what is the most important issue that he has not been able to achieve in his five years as MP, Bah Pala said that the road to Shillong is the issue that he is most concerned about because it has not yet been achieved. yet.
“I demand the immediate release of the Kashmiris.
Nongpoh: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, today informed the public that the body of a man has been recovered from the Umkhen River, Thadrang. , Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The President of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, Bah Tyllilang Myrthong, on Tuesday said that the Mawsynram Dorbar Shnong will not hold a sacrifice at the Mawsynram Crematorium. go ahead as scheduled for 15 May.
Shillong, Naitung 31 : More than 1046 nurses have registered for the Overseas Job Fair to be held in Shillong on 04th July.
Speaking to reporters, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said that the departure of four Congress MDCs and the suspension of Pynshngain N Syiem from the party has shown clearly that This is the Congress.
International uranium experts are needed to provide water for the next three years.
If it is said that the Khasi religion is persecuted because there are some Shitniam Christians who preach against it, then the same happens to fellow Christians (Protestants against Catholics, or fellow Protestants from different churches).
How can we not get even small jobs," he said.
He said that they should not take sports as a hobby, but that they can survive from it. He said that the government will do its best to achieve their dreams. young.
Speaking to reporters on October 5, Superintendent of Police, North Garo Hills Bruno A Sangma said that Simsang is a former member of the UALA armed group. has received assistance through the government and is at the forefront of this initiative.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday said that the Government has prepared a policy to develop the wine factories in the state. A special policy to promote tourism, agriculture, self-employment and the creation of employment opportunities through the development of local wine producers.
The union has asked whether the market can ban the buyers and sellers from producing garbage at all. you don't have to go and gather them every day.
So far, the state has received a GI tag for sohñiamtra.
Noting that many of the teachers are still using old mobile phones, he said that to download the app you need a smart phone and this is a problem for the teachers. On the other hand, they have been threatened by the office that if they do not implement the app, they may be subject to salary deduction and even dismissal.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Isawanda Laloo today issued an order to close the Iewduh market until further notice.
The injured were taken to hospital and the investigation is ongoing.
Jowai, July 13: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai today announced that the Government of India through the Department of Food Civil Supplies and Public Distribution will distribute free rice to the beneficiaries of Under the National Food Security Act 2013 (NFSA), the AAY and PHH allocation for 10 years.
The mistake of the Government of India may be that the National Agnipath Scheme was announced suddenly without properly discussing in Parliament the advantages and disadvantages.
Shillong: Imson FC on Tuesday beat Nongrim Hills FC 1-2 in the final of the First Division of the SSA at Polo Ground.
My mother encouraged me to go to the NCC Camps and encouraged me to continue in shooting.
Before announcing the name of the candidate for the VPP, the State Election Committee of the party had held a meeting on July 16 and decided to send Bah Ricky Syngkon. When asked about the party's strength to win the MP election, VPP Vice President Dr Kara Chen said, “ As the party, once we have entered the struggle, we go ahead and it is up to the people to decide whether we will win or lose”.
We should think as the proverb says, “The eyes of a fool are to the ends of the earth; who is wise and paints the phang"
Among them, there is a LANGDOH who has been awarded the title of KA RI BLAI. Let us know the duties of KA LANGDOH. The first part of the Langdoh in connection with the Behdeinkhlam festival starts at Kbai Mooknor.
He joined the Jana Sangh to the Janata Party, which fought against the Congress in the 1977 elections and became the Defense Minister of the Indian government at the time. , he is the prime minister.
“As it happened in the past months, there was an inspection and advance notice was given and at that time the water in this area was low like others,” they said.
In her complaint to the Dangngar Police outpost, Molila said that the BSF troops on the 22nd of last month assaulted her while they were standing in line to to enter the market set up by the government.
For hospitals and for all health workers, ie Health Workers who play a key role in providing care to those affected by this disease, and also for all the Front Line Workers to have a spirit of courage and also to experience the protection of God in their hard work to fight against this disease.
Farmers from Nongsteng, Umblai, Mawphu, Kunongrim, Sohbar, Nongtrai from Mawsynram Block and Pynursla Block from Wahkhen and other villages have come to sell their sohniamtra. This is the market in Shillong.
The President of the KSU said that if there are scientists who explain that it does not affect the health of the people, he is ready to talk to them and they should confirm in what way it will not affect the health of the people. and in what way uranium mining will not affect health.
A woman, who was present at the scene, did not know who shot the people, but told the reporter, “There are those who are dressed in thonrew and those who are wearing iong jain”.
They also alleged in the complaint that according to the rules of the Hima, the Syiem can take only 1/8 (one out of five) of the income of the Hima Mylliem per annum. They have applied to the KHADC every year, but they have alleged that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima receives T.20 lakh per annum from himself.
Some of the festivals and legends associated with Christmas: Ka Shyngoid: The custom of putting shyngoid was first introduced by Francis of Assisi, the Founder of the Franciscan Order.
She said that the World Senior Citizens Day was also celebrated on this day. She explained that this issue is for the elderly. 60 years and older by explaining about the diseases that the elderly get including heart disease, diabetes and cancer.
Sheikh Hasina's deputy press secretary, Jahid Tusher, said the piat would be transported immediately by plane.
He said that regarding the ILP, the Meghalaya government has taken a firm decision, in which it has already passed the ILP resolution in the House and till now the state government is still discussing on it. this part; but at such a time, it is in the hands of the central government and the state government takes the initiative to negotiate.
Mukul Sangma, in the complaint, alleged that the Garo Hills District Council has been misused in crores of rupees. part of the development works for the villagers of Garo Hills.
And he prayed, and God appeared unto him, and said unto him, Ask what I shall give thee.
We have to show them (the Government) that we have a business.
We have already discussed earlier that this government is fighting against this disease, not by spending money, but it seems that it expects to spend by taking from others, such as petrol tax, kyiad tax, If it is in this form, it shows that the responsibility has become the responsibility of the people or the Dorbar Shnongs and is no longer in the hands of the government employees. of government.
He said that the 5,000 tyngka is to help them improve their agriculture to increase their income.
At 1.30 p.m.
Seven Meghalaya bowlers took 10 wickets each except Mylliempdah who took 3 wickets for 37 runs, Kumar took 2 wickets for 21 runs, Dippu Ch Total 2/33.
He is dead forever.
Shillong, November 26: Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit on Tuesday sent an email to Rupang, in which he rejected the demand of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Tripura, for the They expressed their opposition to the conversion of the house of the ancient kings of Tripura into a museum.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem as the chief guest said that this kind of program is important to promote the agriculture and production of Muga and Ryndia especially the farmers. from the experts of the Central Silk Board on how to improve the production of ryndia and muga, to the production of thir ksai and the production of clothes in various ways.
He also urged the students to make good use of this training for their benefit and future.
Ephesians 4:29.
This research for the purpose of improving and enhancing the working methods of the Council will continue in the future.
It was found that the bridges were filled with water and only the nar rot appeared outside.
Conrad took the dongmusa and placed it on the stand which will last until the closing ceremony of the tournament.
New Delhi: U Rahul Gandhi today made it clear that he is no longer the President of the Congress party.
Offenders who have been convicted by the courts will be imprisoned with a fine.
On the other hand, the PCB did not have any problem with India playing in the middle.
We should not be bought because if we are bought the rule of law will not be clean".
In 2012, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) said that timber factories are destroying forests in Meghalaya, which has endangered biodiversity.
The hostel is the Hajong Boys' Hostel and the Koch Boys' Hostel which will be built in Tura.
“There is no news that the NCP will talk to the Congress on this issue.
Earlier , Fenela had admitted that her rally in Motphran on the 7th was not to preach against Bah Paul but to preach for the unity of the ethnic parties The purpose is to strengthen the ARPA within the District Council.
He said another incident occurred on 27th June at Chokpot where Witson M Sangma died while in custody.
I don't want to go to London, USA.
Pastor Basaiawmoit, said that from the 30th, the working methods have been completely revised, in which he, as a candidate, is the leading candidate and said that he will be elected. the Chief Organizer and then the Area Organizers.
Shillong: Ka KHNAM, yesterday had to close down some of its offices, even though it was a public holiday, for the celebration of Behdeinkhlam.
Meanwhile, Spicejet has come into talks with the State Government and has proposed to operate the flight from Delhi-Shillong-Delhi according to the rules of the MTC. Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 and the same aircraft will be used on the Delhi-Shillong-Delhi route.
The Seng has issued a letter to be sent to the villages on the 17th of November which is the 188th death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem,” he said.
Jowai, Nailur 17: The Jaintia National Volunteer (JNV) and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have held a Mombati lighting ceremony as a sign of remembrance and expression of condolences. Three precious souls have been killed in police custody at Jowai Police Station.
Pynthorlangteiñ will play against Panaliar at 12 noon while Iawmulong Nartiang will play against Shangpung Khliehmuchut at 2 pm.
The Chahlang Police have continued to raid the area after the GNLA suspects, after escaping from the police, tried to kidnap the residents of the area. They also shot dead several residents of the village which has caused panic among the residents of the area.
The expenditure is from 2010 to
These are not BS VI Standards and therefore are against the order of the Union Ministry of Road Transport and Highways.
Even in Meghalaya, there are only five Congress MLAs.
The President of the Association, Vishal Khongshei, said that the price of synsar last year was T.130 per kilo while this year it has dropped to T.70 per kilo.
Then they leave it in the sun until it is dry before they plant it.
St. Edmund's scored 56 runs for the loss of five wickets in 15 overs.
Shortly after, it was admitted that the driver returned with some friends in the middle of a drunken drink and started threatening the BSF personnel inside the Check Post Sonapur.
Sonali Kumari, 17, who went missing since November 21, 2022, has been rescued from Bidupur village in Vishali district, East Khasi Hills Police said. in Bihar on the 6th of this month.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: U Sunlight Jana (27) on Tuesday morning at 11 pm, has raped an 18-year-old girl at Mawlai Kynton Massar, Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sadon Blah, Leader of the HNYF, said that the reason why the HNYF has decided to suspend the ILP is on the grounds that they have seen that the time has not come. that they have already spent a long time demanding ILP; However, the government has also stood against the implementation of the ILP. He said that it is urgent to implement the law to prevent the influx of mynder. laws that can be agreed with the government.
About 2.9 kilograms of heroin worth about 30,000 grams were seized.
Even the Garo people living in the border villages of Dronpara, Nawapara, Bangjeng, Mawïamsyiem and others, attended the meeting to support the Assam government and to He explained that he wanted to stay in Assam and not in Meghalaya.
However, to ensure that the party wins in all the constituencies of the district, in order to bring back a clean governance without discrimination against anyone whether it is the rich or the poor.
“If you are still turning away from us, how many times will you turn away from the people? If 30 of you are still turning around like this, what has the Executive Committee I led done since I took over, don't you see that it has brought the honor of KHADC or has there been a complaint?” he added. I have never experienced politics like this, I don't have a number anymore, I have fulfilled my duty as CEM, but they have thrown me down without a cause for the people to judge.
During the British rule, due to various circumstances, some of the Hima Khasi were established as Khasi States and some were converted into British Areas.
“That's right,” agreed the father and laughed.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC Sohryngkham, said the party is ready to contest in all four constituencies and the candidates announced by the party are Bah Hurbert Riang from Nongkrem constituency. The meeting was attended by the President of the Association, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit.
According to MUDA Secretary Bah EKharmalki, these people are still applying for permission this month.
It is known that there is a connection between the brain and the blood vessels.
Fr Jude was seen speaking at the meeting, but he suddenly stopped speaking and his eyes widened and he fell to the ground and died immediately.
In the letter, he said that according to the rules and regulations of the Chief Justices and Judges of the Supreme Court and High Courts, the police of the States or Union Territories should be provided with security. It is also about the persecution of those from time to time.
Shillong: The State Government today decided to close the entry gate to the state in the first month of each month from November to November.
After completing all the necessary procedures according to the law, the family members of the deceased went to meet the ADM of West Khasi Hills, Nongstoiñ to demand the release of the deceased. Post Mortem where they also received permission to take the body of the child.
The judge said that the Government should also make rules for the transportation of coal after it has been mined by modern technology, so that there will be no conflict between the coal and the coal. it was mined by the wisdom of the powers of the age and the coal that was mined illegally.
The Central Government has also introduced a 6% interest reduction scheme for ethanol projects where 6% interest per annum or 50% interest per annum, while the less is renewable for five years to the operators. projects to benefit ethanol production capacity in the country.
The District Council, which is the custodian of the customs and traditions of the Khasi Khara, should have passed a law to protect the customs and traditions of the Khasi Khara.
These eastern hills of Ri Iodka are located in a clean and beautiful place, especially here in the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
In the Under-17 men's category, Rymbai Presbyterian Hr Sec School beat Nilwagre Sec School 2-1
According to a video recorded by the residents, it was seen that they were able to clear the road by hand this month in Mawlaingut area of ​​Sohiong constituency, East Khasi Hills.
In an interview with reporters, Samla Lawanaibok, said that his victory in this competition is due to his hard work.
Shillong, March 04 : Meghalaya won the fourth match of the Women's U-19 T20 Trophy by beating Sikkim by 50 runs in Hyderabad on Tuesday.
Such action is not expected from the government.
The Covid-19 pandemic has increased the income.
On the NPP's claim that it will not leave the NDA if the CAB is passed in the Rajya Sabha, Dr Mukul said they did not know that the Congress is in the Rajya Sabha. “The Bill will come to the Rajya Sabha and we will pass it and we have done so. If it weren't for the Congress, they would have done it by force,” he said.
Shillong Lajong FC are currently in fourth position with 14 points from nine games.
It is learned that the woman came to Jowai about two months ago.
The use of this drug to clean up the garbage on the roadsides along with the heavy rainfall has caused the soils on the roadsides to become easily damaged especially in those areas where there are no drains.
The Chief Minister said that this two day training will help the officers to understand more about the collection of revenue as this is for the benefit of the state and the people as a whole. .
Dih beat your house and wanpoi and you have corona beat your Gaya.
In a letter sent by the Baridua Dorbar Shnong, it is written that the owner of USTM, Mahbubul Hoque and his employees, who live abroad, forcibly entered the village on 12th June .
According to a statement issued by the Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA), most of the districts including Biswanath, Bongaigaon, Chirang, Dhemaji, Dibrugarh, Kokrajhar, Majuli, Nalbari and other districts have been affected by the floods. Tamulpur and Tinsukia have suffered severe floods.
The Chief Minister said that there is no intention to resume the curfew in the state, but the creation of income opportunities and compliance with the health rules, should go hand in hand.
The employees said that the members of the Association visited the Agriculture Department after receiving information that there are 10 vacancies in different districts. The employees of the Establishment Department said that these vacancies have been filled by those employees who have been transferred from another place, and have to be given to the Compassionate Grounds and RCWs, which the youths are looking for. They said that if the RCWs should be given, they should also be given half to those who have passed and to these RCWs. They also requested the government to appoint them as soon as possible as they are jobs that do not have employees as shown in the Pay Bill which they have received through RTI.
In West Jaintia Hills, in 2018 alone, there were 568 registered candidates and 7382 unemployed candidates.
“He said that the talks are to be held with any political party except the NPP and BJP. “Today there was an invitation through the UDP and other parties. On the party side, we have an arrangement but we are surprised to see in the media that the two MLAs of the party have given their personal support to the NPP. If you don't support me after you've signed up and you don't agree with the party, you'll have to send me a letter.
There are many comments here on the lack of attention and weakness of the MDA government in Meghalaya especially in the field of literacy and education led by the NPP party which all our leaders. let him go and die.
Shillong: The Chairman of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Tuesday said that he does not want to resign after losing the mid-term elections from Ranikor. report from 4 MLAs of the party to submit a report on the performance of the party.
Sairimis is from Munsiang Thymme.
On the other hand, the union also requested the government to expedite the peace talks to restore peace and order in the state so that the youth can live and walk on the path that should be free from bloodshed and violence.
" James 2:19.
The angel from heaven told her that she was pregnant (Mary) with the Holy Spirit.
Speaking at the meeting, Momin said that before the two Prime Ministers, Conrad Kongal Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma, went to Delhi to sign the social border settlement agreement, they went to Delhi. to meet with Conrad Kongal Sangma, to inform him that he should look into the issues recommended by the Regional Committees, as the Chairman of these Committees have visited and sought their opinion. publicly.
Furthermore, the allegation that the authorities have been involved in protecting the Waheh Shnong is groundless as the Waheh Shnong has gone through the legal process to get bail.
It is necessary to open up opportunities to build capacity building for this purpose the villagers need assistance to set up jobs, otherwise Ri Sohra will become a toilet and garbage dump.
Nongpoh, July 03: The leaders of the BJP Mawhati Mandal have paid tribute to the late leader of Ri Bhoi District and the state as a whole. On the 1st of July, which is the New Year's Day, they went to lay flowers at the Lum Jingtep of this leader to lay prayers and also to ask for that blessing.
He said that at present, more than 300 parking spaces have been increased in the city.
They were identified as Marius D Sangma, 18, Kordor Riangshang, 21, Sonam Lama, 20, and Lambert Bernard Mawthoh,
The baby, who was only two months old, died while Lykins was sleeping without anyone to care for her.
Byforcestar Dhar scored 45 runs off 29 balls and Mewan Phawa scored 55 runs off 60 balls.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly, the Minister of Education, Robert Dijkgraaf, said that he hopes that the government's decision on this occasion will help to transform education in the country. The country will also help the students to escape from being trapped in these devices especially in these days when the students have been involved in forty kinds of violence.
CIRCULAR – you are the Khasi State.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) today visited 13Mer Byrnihat for an inspection and encouragement to the government employees. The screening center is located at 13mer, Ri Bhoi District.
“Some of you are better at playing white ball cricket, while others are better at red ball.
We expect to complete this by the end of the term.
Meanwhile, Ma Swer said that the delay in the Supreme Court's decision is due to the weakness of the state government. Conrad has failed and the reason is that until now, they have not been able to pass the Coal Mining Act, the Environmental Protection Act from coal mining, he said.
The President of the Union, Kong Banalis Syiem, said, “The State Government has promised to pay the honorarium for 6 months but till now the Government has not paid anything but only for three months.
However, he said that this incident has happened in other states but when the leaders went to court, they were warned, “If it is in this form, the wife of Dr. Mukul Sangma can be arrested. “I have won the MP election without resigning from the post of MLA, but I have to resign when I win,” he said.
The Superintendent of the hospital, who immediately launched an investigation into the incident, has been shocked by the shortage of medicines.
The UDP wants to contest from Shillong Parliamentary constituency while the NPP from Tura wants to allow the NPP. Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, General Secretary, passed away today.
Chwamiki Ryngkhlem alone scored 57 runs and took five wickets which encouraged the team to win the most runs.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The BSF has arrested five smugglers in the border areas of West Garo Hills district this morning. Phensedyl drugs were smuggled to Bangladesh.
He said that since 1972, the government has not been able to review and amend the Reservation Policy even once.
Robert Vadra, announced this morning, that he has tested positive for covid-1
The District Administration, after seeing that the incident had escalated, ended the meeting, but after the meeting was over, there was another stone throwing and that too was stopped. I don't know why, but I'm sure it's because of the police.
And Er.
He said MeECL has announced that 772 candidates have been qualified for the post of Jugali, of which it has promised to appoint 336 in the first phase, and 233 in the second and third phases.
Before the court, the Advocate-General of the state referred to the report of the Director General of Police (DGP) dated November 3, 2023 and stated that during the investigation, the police have found one Youdishthra Bhama, owner of M/s Kalyani Fuel Limited, Shallang, a coal burning factory.
"The people of God also have a hand. There is indeed a transgression in Jaintia Hills, because even a writer who is always awake, who writes well in English and Khasi, Ma H.H.Mohrmen , who is from Jaintia Hills, recently wrote in an article, “Money even in the MDC election,” he said that there are people of God who are involved in this election campaign.
You deprive them of their rights, you say don't protest, because they too are governed by the law and so is the prime minister.
Manager of Shyam Ferrous Century Ltd, Rama Krishna said that TB patients need nutrients to fight the disease.
The Chairperson of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission, Justice T. Vaiphel on Tuesday said that people in the state do not come to the Commission to lodge complaints. In any case, the work has ended not because the people involved did not want to move forward.
“You use the Frontline Workers as soldiers to stand at the front but when they get sick you refuse to take responsibility...is this fair?” he said.
Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), said that there are still many villages which he has not yet reached but he will try to reach them. of 36 constituencies until the time of voting.
The 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 has now entered its fourth day with Nongdawah CC and Hurdles CC winning their match today, 28th June.
Along with Singh, the CBI has named three former MDS Chairman DS Poonia, PC Lawmuknga and O Nabakishore Singh, all of whom are retired IAS officers.
Previously, he was a teacher at St Anthony's High School and also taught part-time at St. Xavier's Mumbai.
Regarding the allegation by the Longkmie and Seng Samla from Tynring against the Sordar as they told reporters by introducing the Public Information Act, Dame said that the Raid Tynring Branch has not done anything. “They have received the NOC to identify themselves as Women's Organizations and Youth Organisations,” he said.
At the same time, the VC of NEHU praised the decision of many colleges to implement the Four-Year Undergraduate Program (FYUP) as outlined in the National Education Policy
It is worth mentioning that the family of the Singhania clan, in their explanation, have condemned the man who claimed to belong to the clan and said that they have already lodged a complaint. They have filed a complaint against him who has slandered their race which has never been criticized and who live in peace.
Three of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills District, two from West Jaintia Hills.
These districts include Ri-Bhoi District, South West Garo Hills, West Jaintia Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills, East Garo Hills, North Garo Hills, South Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills.
In the first innings, Lumshyiap, after winning the toss, failed to tied first and scored only 45 runs before losing all wickets.
“There is a perception that the government has not taken any action to resolve the issue of foreign influx,” he said.
He recalled that he has tried his best to help the villages and those in need during the pandemic which has affected the people in the past two years.
Nigeria beat Iceland 2-0 in the second leg of their World Cup Group D match on Saturday.
The Sur leaders of Mawlai have been directed to submit their reply before 6th November
Mary Kom is the first male and female boxer in the world to win eight World Championship medals including seven gold medals.
All the people are lyniar, Sorrow, the mind is confused;
Jowai, July 22: U Harish Kumar Mahanta, 45, of Dawki Police Station, has committed suicide at his residence on the night of the 21st of this month. this month.
The winner will receive Rs.50,000/-, the second Rs.30,000/- and the third Rs.25,000/- along with Consolation Prizes. Rs.50,000/- for the second Rs.30,000/- and Rs.25,000/- for the third prize along with the Consolation Prize.
Five people and five personalities.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on November 5, 2013, today said that the government has revised the working methods of the MPSC and all aspects related to the recruitment. recruitment boards by setting up more recruitment boards to expedite the recruitment process.
Speaking to media, Dr War said that the man from Bhoirymbong is a worker in Umeit Ribhoi District and returned to the state on the 26th of this month. July 1, 2020.
Amlarem, November 18: U Firstborn Mannar, UDP candidate for the last mid-term election from 1War East Constituency, today invited his supporters to Pdengshakap village and at the meeting, They have decided unanimously to leave the UDP, because they do not support the candidate of the party, Lahkmen Rymbui.
According to sources, the incident happened at about 5 pm last night while the man was on his way home.
Therefore, the people of the state will bring about change in the coming year”.
President PDF. The HYC has met and written a letter to the doctor in charge of Rambrai PHC. claim.
The four Maoist militants decided to surrender after the police implemented the Rehabilitation Policy of the Chhattisgarh government and the Come Back Home. Campaign of the District Police on Tuesday.
For those who come in the morning, there are food shops near the village provided by the Tista Hotel Khliehriat.
The record shows that NEHU has the highest number of graduates, followed by MLCU, while William Carey University and USTM have been vacant for many years without being able to graduate. Ph.
He said that the improvement of only 30 km of road will take months and it is unacceptable and the people do not accept this slow work and cause them suffering.
The union also spoke about the opportunity for hotels to earn money by transporting tourists around the country by using their own vehicles and this affects their income.
I have been infected twice and once I have chikungunya and once dengue,” said Kamal.
During the rally, there was also a discussion on the work of the VDP. The rally was enriched by the songs of the Meghalaya Police Cultural Troops.
The purpose of the meeting was to explain the reasons that in the past few months, some groups from the Seng Samla Hima Langrin have come to complain against the Syiem alleging that he has ruled the Hima alone. .
After the crowd, Bah N.Nongkhlaw o/c of ​​Nongstoiñ Police Station immediately came to calm the crowd.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Umsaw Lumdorbar, Ri Bhoi District has expressed its gratitude to the Block Development Officer of Umsning Block, Bah P Khonglah for visiting the village. yesterday.
People who are stupid don't care what others say because it's just talk that is empty and full of nonsense.
Shillong, November 28: The MiPRL has decided to end its strike by striking trucks from 27th November 2014 in Myanmar. The party said that it is no longer a protest without bloodshed.
Other speakers on the occasion were Archbishop Dominic Jala, Executive President of PANE Prof. Kalyanee Boruah, General Secretary of PANE Prof. B. Bhattacharjee, Conference Convener, Dr. S. Chutia and others.
“I would like to ask the Prime Minister and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to think carefully to implement this scheme for the benefit of the people,” he said. .
At the meeting, the Sordar of Nongjrong, Bah Tyngkai Mynsong, Sordar Raid Rngi, Bah Kyrmen Surong of Jatah and others expressed the desire of the people of Mawkynrew. by a person from his own constituency to represent the Constituency.
Fishing trips have been closed until the 16th, moorings have been suspended and ships have been suspended due to heavy rainfall and strong winds. in the area due to the beginning of the storm.
After the incident, the source said that they immediately informed the Nongstoin Police Station.
Politics is not bad nor is it dirty as it has been misunderstood by many people who want and have too much power just to be in power to rule unjustly because to make money in the wrong way. day.
He said that the students of Ri Bhoi College expect that the cleanliness drive will also be a training for others and they hope that the students of Ri Bhoi College will be able to provide training to others. The people should understand how to bring about a clean environment as set by the Government of India to make our country one of the cleanest and free from garbage disposal.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pynshngaiñ, MLA and MDC of Mawsynram constituency, said that he is fortunate to be able to open the college at this time when he is also the CEM of Mawsynram. KHADC said that the college has been named after JJM Nichols Roy, the father of the 6th Schedule. Your relationship with the District Council.
“There is a strong concern that we may lose our land,” said the KSA and said that Karbi Anglong should not be discriminated against in the demarcation.
He urged the young children to be wise, obedient and respectful to their parents and those who have grown up and most importantly to remember to love. and glory be to God.
The Union also hopes that other leaders on behalf of the people will come forward to support this rangbah in shaping the future of the jaidbynriew through understanding and discussion. It is not the responsibility of one individual leader but the responsibility of the whole nation.
In this time of pandemic, it would have been better if these beneficiaries had received rice, sugar, umphniang, mluh, dai and so on as expressed by some Anganwadi workers and the request. The first thing now is that the Government should stop the sale of these food items by Continental Milkose which is also a company that has been accused of being a smuggler and not sule because the stakeholders are not willing to take these food items. without madness.
He spoke about three schemes including the Pradhan Minister Saraksha Insurance Yojana, Pradhan Minister Jeevan Jyoti Insurance Yojana and Atal Pension Yojana for the people and urged them to take advantage of these schemes.
The deceased was identified as Gopindra Chandra Malakar, who had just returned from Mumbai and died of respiratory failure, Sarma said.
Physical education facilities such as gyms/yoga institutes/fitness centers are also allowed.
The victory will also make the team third in England to win the tournament, after winning in 1982 and
The average price for Jowai and Thadlaskeiñ Depot will be Rs.62.00 per liter and the average price at Shangpung outlet will be Rs.68.00 per litre.
If the child does not receive the right medicine, you can also send for the right medicine later.
“When they are in school, they will have many challenges because they live in the age of science through social media but as educated people they should not be misled but they should learn how to use “They will be students who will make good use of their talents such as singing, drawing and various other skills,” said the DC.
The news published in Rupang on the 7th of this month on the arrest of two young women who demanded T.4 lakh, has been slightly corrected as it was written in the news that these two The arrested two youths are from Ummulong, West Jaintia Hills.
She said that if there are any complaints, the government will take action.
By Bah Philip MarweinThe Rambrai area is a large area, rich in population, agricultural land and forests and others.
“Another issue that has affected the state and especially the medical graduates from the state is the invitation of the Walk-in-Interview by the State Government for 170 Contractual posts. Medical & Health Officer (70) and Specialists (100) posts.
Devraj Mohapatra finished third in the Sub Junior Boys Recurve Division and third in the Junior Boys Recurve Division.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today opened another office at Ummulong, West Jaintia Hills District.
However, even while he was like this, he received a stick from the woman to walk on earth.
At present, the residents of the village are filled with joy over this victory of their struggle.
Last month, Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi joined Punjab FC from Real Kashmir FC, which is also a club that has just been promoted to the Indian Super League (ISL).
He also spoke briefly about the working methods of the party and the objectives of the party in the development of agriculture, sports and other activities through the presence of the Minister. of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
According to sources, some of the state ministers have decided to resign from their posts in the coming days in protest against the leadership of Mukul Sangma.
They immediately informed the police and the police came to conduct investigation and took the body to Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem.
In this regard, he said that it is necessary to teach well from an early age, and it is also necessary that as parents we should no longer teach our children to learn just to get government jobs but and to teach them to stand on their own feet.
Shillong, November 14 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday criticized the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma for allegedly The state has repeatedly issued an Inner Line Permit.
It is learned that Polo area has been flooded, Mawlai Mawkynroh has been flooded and the lowlands have been flooded and Malki area has been flooded. roads in some places.
Shillong, Naitung 20 : The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Friday decided to increase the price of diesel by 50 per liter.
However, he has tried his best to deliver the schemes to all the villages in the area.
Meanwhile, in another report, it was reported that the central government is now considering the proposal of the state government to send more security forces to the state to fight the insurgents.
The issue that has been discussed at many meetings to enrich the Khasi language does not have a complete answer to why the Khasi language is declining. that it may be as it is in this age.
There is no rule for two Inquiry Commissions to hear the same case.
He said that 5-6 years ago, there was an internal investigation within the Christian Brothers, into the fighting of the youths living in St Edmunds in Mt Abu and there it was revealed that she was one of the When they called her to talk, she started telling, but she couldn't tell all the facts and therefore the investigation was without experts or women. “The man is still in West Bengal,” she said.
NPP leaders in a statement to Rupang said that Adokgre is the constituency that Purno A Sangma used to choose as his first constituency in his election campaign. spirit to this village.
He said that if other political parties call on KHNAM to form a coalition government, KHNAM will first agree with them to fulfill the issues that the people need.
This statement has been made by our distinguished leaders when they attend various functions.
After the increase to T.266, the price of commercial LPG cylinder in Delhi has risen to T.2000.5 from T.1
If the child does not receive the right medicine, the right medicine can be sent later.
So far, the total number of cases has risen to 21,53,011 and 6,28,747 people are undergoing treatment.
“If you have problems or you are experiencing problems, drugs are not the answer, but if you use drugs you cause more problems.
Wandonbok said the Association has decided to appeal to the Meghalaya High Court against the order which has affected the operation of commercial vehicles.
It may end on these days or it may continue indefinitely.
It is hoped that such incidents should be taken seriously and the state will ensure that the care and protection of animals if they are to be eaten by humans.
Police also recovered an AK 47 rifle and a box of bullets, a US .45 pistol with nine rounds, a bomb grenade, two wireless rifles. , GNLA identity card and documents.
Shillong, November 21: As a sign of welcoming Christmas, the residents of Umsning Market today came out to clean up the streets of the market.
When the candidates are clearer, perhaps the people will be able to establish a good basis before they elect or reject anyone.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that if vehicles have to pay at the tollgates, there will be no complaint as the cost of improving the road is T600 crore to T.700 crore. crore.
Jersom Shylla together with members of the party have taken to the streets to raise flags for vehicles and urged all drivers and the people of the state to take to the streets to protest against the government's violence. The price of petrol has increased from 72 tyngka to 91 tyngka which means the price of petrol has increased suddenly to about 18 tyngka within a few months after the closure of the dam. and this has led to an increase in the price of vehicles and beverages.
Put Him in the middle and everything will go smoothly to escape all evil.
Shillong, Nailur 17 : Banrilang Rani, a child who survived a drowning in a river in Lawkhla Mawlong village, Mawphlang constituency, East Khasi Hills district, is in good health and continues to die. education despite the difficulties faced in the search for knowledge.
They should have at least understood the concept of contract because at any time they could be removed.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Shiwat urged the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong if it needs assistance to call the Executive Committee of JHADC to verify the boundary as in Mukroh. The Executive Committee of JHADC has visited the Zero Point of the village.
In the public language and also in the public belief which is still only on paper, many misunderstandings arise.
AITC MP in Rajya Sabha Derek Brien was also present at the meeting.
Democracy is in grave danger and we will have to fight to protect it,” he said.
The President also urged all the students who have just passed the Class XII Examination this year to register for the Common Entrance University Test (CEUT) so that they can continue their studies. Bachelor's Degree.
Katrina replied to Arjun Kapoor, "I'll be careful.
Senior officers of NHIDCL were also present at the inspection and on the part of Bah Prestone Tynsong urged the authorities to upgrade the road to two-lane.
At the same time, she informed about the implementation of 33% quota for women in Panchayati Raj during the tenure of Narasimha Rao as Prime Minister.
“Then, Bah, how is your work?
The Government has already spent T.30,07,815 in 2010, T.34,05,817 in 2011, T.38,61,060 in 2012, T.40,76,240 in 2013 and T. 80,721 ha in 2014, T.39,43,617 ha in 2015, T.35,42,816 ha in 2016, T.36,37,821 ha in 2017, T.30,17,377 ha in 2019, T.221,2 , T.84,73,371 in 2020, T.1,48,57,688 in 2021, T.1,94,69,467 in 2022 and T.89,45,589 in
All three goals of Goa and Delhi were scored in the first half while the second half ended in a draw.
The market is filled with foreigners who are filled with benefactors.
He said that not only teachers are being treated unfairly by the government but many schools are like cow sheds or animal sheds without adequate classrooms, the needs of the children and How can we say that we will improve education when the government has put aside the education department?
The following decisions were taken by the Dorbar Elaka: Other decisions taken by the Dorbar Elaka were on the peace and order of the villages throughout the Elaka especially during the elections for MDC, MLA and MP. The Elaka Dorbar has banned all candidates from campaigning in more than 4 small vehicles to all the villages within the boundary of the Elaka, except for the rally as permitted by the Election Commission. In India.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Nine dewbilat companies in East Jaintia Hills have violated the Forest Conservation Act. The Land Acquisition Act does not provide for the acquisition of land for tree planting.
On the 13th, Lamyrsiang SC beat Narwan SC 5-1
Hollywood actors Richard Gere, New York Mayor Eric Adams, musicians Ricky Kej and Falguni Shah, story writer Jay Shetty, the famous actor Vikas Khanna and others.
He said it is the duty of the government to make proper use of the resources available for the benefit of the people of the state.
Since the year we got our own State, when the State had its own Legislative Assembly, there has been an attempt by the leaders of the State to demand the use of the Khasi language and it has started. On the 6th of June 1972, Prof. Martin Narayan Majaw said, “Sir.
Shillong, Nailur 02: Thousands of employees of various departments in the city took to the streets today to protest against the policies of the central government.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has recently ordered Lahkmen to punish those policemen who tear gar the contract teachers who are protesting violently. Lakmen's promise came after one of the HITO civil society organizations promised to march to the Secretariat on Thursday. The government has not punished the police involved in the tear gas attack.
They said that according to the NEHU Act, the Ordinance relating to HASA cannot be repealed by the Vice Chancellor or the Executive Council but only the President of the country can send it to Parliament to repeal it.
Nongpoh: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Sonidan area in Ri Bhoi District, today held an emergency meeting to discuss the threat to the area, as in the neighboring villages, There are many roads connecting it with Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The People's Democratic Forum (PDF) has decided to dissolve the ARPA-led EC under the leadership of Bah Adelbert Nongrum. The CEM of the PDF, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC of the HSPDP from Sohryngkham constituency, has resigned after the resignation of one of its members. In fact, the preparation of the PDF to dissolve the EC led by Bah Adelbert, by bringing a no-confidence motion, through Bah James Sylliang, MDC Mawhati, has been completed. In the morning of the second session of the KHADC, but it was only during the afternoon that another change came out, as Bah Pyniaid S Syiem no longer supported the PDF.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and Minister in the MDA 2.0 government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the documents are the only tools used. strongly to strengthen the ownership of Meghalaya in the areas of border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
The seven deceased were identified as Trisdalin Shangpliang, aged 45 to 50, and her children, Kamurstar Shangpliang (9 Sngewbhalang Shangpliang (6 years old), Beddingstar Shangpliang (5 years old), Shishalin Shangpliang (2 and a half years old), a 7 month old child who has not been named and another is I'm still in the womb of my mother who is still poor and I'm 4 months old.
The Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong will head the Regional Committee and the members include NPP MLA from Jirang, Mayralborn Syiem MLA from Nongpoh, Charles Marngar. Congress MLA from Mawhati, Bah Jambor War, Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi as the convenor.
His wife said that out of the three children, only Thei thei (Class VI) failed.
The union has taken this step to protect the residents of the village as the Covid19 pandemic has started to spread in the Mawlai area.
:The Achik Conscious Holistically Integrated Krima (ACHIK) strike in Tura has reached its eighth day on Tuesday. The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and members of his Cabinet on the demands raised.
The death toll has risen to 55,794 with 945 deaths today, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said.
This festival will spread not only to the countryside, but also to the countryside of Sohra.
On the other hand, u Richard Singh Lyngdoh also congratulated the EC for bringing up this issue and urged the EC to provide a clear boundary for the Elaka so that any difference of opinion among the residents of neighboring districts.
On the issue of arrest by the Special Court, HNYF General Secretary Bah Sadon K Blah said that he has no intention of applying for bail.
That is the decision of each member, they can take any decision they want but in the end only those who come and those who are with us, that's all I can say.
In his career with Indian Arrows (2020-21), he made 12 appearances in the I-League and in the 2019-20 season he made 12 appearances. played 16 games.
Therefore, the Society aims to promote health among the residents by conducting public awareness campaigns and testing in relation to this disease.
The time of completion of this course shall be as stipulated by the respective institutions.
Drivers of vehicles who go out to eat and drink should also follow the rules and truck drivers should also inform the Waheh Shnong or leaders of Raij Namdong before entering the village to record their movements.
Because it's an issue that's been discussed by the public since ancient times.
It was reported that yesterday, it was a coin tossing festival at the beach in Nanliao, Hsinchu, and it was covered by the coin, which is large and has a very long tail.
The MP was summoned on his statement, “If the Assam police enter our area, they will be killed”.
The increase in suicide among farmers should surprise the government authorities.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong, who left the KHNAM in recent days, will join the Voice of the People Party (VPP). It was founded by Bah Ardent Miller and the Group last year.
Chief Secretary Naba Kumar Das arrived at the Secretariat in Shillong to meet with Meghalaya Chief Secretary Winstone Mark Simon Pariat but was suddenly canceled as government officials from Assam had to leave. Hundreds of farmers from Garo Hills have fled to Assam after receiving information.
It has also lined up tanks to turn at any time to parts of Gaza.
Thangkhiew returned to the state in March 2018 and surrendered to the state police.
However, the number of children who drop out of primary school has increased especially since the outbreak of Covid-1
Parents should have a lot of time for their children, especially when they are young and start making friends with many people.
However, over time, there is a need for a medium that can be the exchange of all and that is money.
Nilamani Upadhay, President of Gorkha Kalyan Samiti, Arjun Chettri, President of the Reception Committee, Sambu Chettri, Secretary of Gorkha Kalyan Samiti, RG Momin MLA of the constituency and others were present to encourage the guests. .
“These incidents are the beginning of the past four years and this is the loss of money, GST and IBC. 10, 20, 30, 35 per cent and this has helped a lot to improve the income of the people, but now it is no longer there,” he said.
The Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India will have another peaceful State if Articles 19 (5) and Article 29 of the Constitution of India have been fully implemented in us, that is, we have no reason to fear persecution. tyllep in the high-paid.
Shillong to Guwahati used to travel 4 hours but now it takes 2 hours.
The suspect was arrested by the Laitumkhrah Police Station and a case has been registered against him.
A nation without Hyndai is like a seed that grows on rocky ground and falls asleep in the heat of the sun.
He said that there are 96 upgraded health centres, 377 sub centers which have been installed with solar for electricity and 20 Community Health Centers which have been converted to First Referral. Emergency Caesarean section or Emergency Caesarean section.
She said that any SHG or ALC is indeed like a lighthouse that brings light to the villages and identifies their village outside the State and the country as a whole as the shynrai of Lakadong.
I don't like other parties talking about us Khasi minorities especially the problems of Meghalaya. Only the TMC I have seen on YouTube where the MPs of the TMC from West Bengal are talking about us. speak the truth about our state.
Nongthymmai GC Scorpions and Little Star Clouded Leopards played two matches while Clouded Leopards won two matches and Nongthymmai won one match in the 4-5 age group.
Speaking at the programme, there was a ceremony to honor the members of the Khasi Kmie Children's Wing such as Sweetymon Rynjah, Litodora Lyngdoh Nongpiur, Rg Bhiren Sing Thangkhiew and Rg Spiton Kharakor.
Like Virat, he is a good player who has scored many runs and is stronger than the Australian players because they have not participated in cricket tournaments," he said. Ponting.
However, this time KHNAM has elected him as the leader of the ARPA and as the CEM. After all the MDCs and groups within the ARPA have approved the name of Bah Adilbert, the ARPA has immediately sent a letter to the Governor and the District Minister. At the same time, the meeting of the three parties has handed over to the MDCs to consider the post of Secretary ARPA and Chairman in KHADC. The leaders confirmed that the absence of some MDCs at the meeting was not for any reason, but they sent a letter to show the reasons why they could not attend the meeting. The leaders also confirmed that in the CEM election, the ARPA candidate should win.
They also sent a request to the District Collector in this regard.
And he said unto them, “I have expressed in my speech that I have advised the CM to refrain from having contact with such people whose identity is unknown.
According to the reporter, the curfew has been working well in parts of Shillong, as even from 8 pm, vehicles have been parked on the highways, except for some of them went to the Khyndailad area.
The village leaders include traditional and Christian (Catholic/Protestant) people, but how much they care about the welfare of their fellow countrymen is the main issue.
“One of my PSOs is a drug addict, how can it be, the government has given me a PSO who is a drug addict,” he said.
After the programme, they also visited the St. John Orphanage Home as well as the patients of NRM Hospital and distributed gifts to the orphans and patients of the hospital.
The contribution of the Religious Groups to the development of society is invaluable.
In the beginning of the story, it was not found that it was 4 o'clock in the evening.
The 10th of June 2020 will remain a milestone in the history of the Christian churches around the world and that is that the celebration of Good Friday or Holy Thursday, should be celebrated in our own country. The curfew has been imposed by the Indian government for fear of the spread of the coronavirus.
Mawryngkneng: The Dorbar Shnong of Mawryngkneng, Khyrim Syiemship, East Khasi Hills District has decided to hold a synrop for the candidates for the MDC election 2019 from the 6-Sohryngkham Constituency on the 22nd of June The stadium is open at 10 o'clock in the morning.
This sanctuary is one of the sanctuaries with a wide variety of wildlife which can still be found Huleng, skei, dngiem, khla, risang and other wildlife.
This is a challenging task and the state government will continue to ensure that this area will be peaceful,” said Conrad.
“These works and the installation of the ILS will start after the land has been acquired and handed over to the Airport Authority of India (AAI) by the Meghalaya government,” he said.
He said that the union is surprised to learn that the land which was taken in 2015 which is also a 240 acre land, which was intended to build the university, but it is something that has not been used. It is expected that the 240 acres will be built only by the College and not by the University, because if it is the College, it does not need that much space.
The complaint of the Sengbhalang, states that the Rangbah, alleged that the Sengbhalang, are only sheep or the pillars of the society and he made it clear that the Sengbhalang will not be allowed. , to be established in Sutnga District.
Thus God is JEHOVAH. God is a God of Miracles and Wonders.
The PUBG Corporation has announced that there will be a regular monitoring of the installation of these games, so that there will be no harm through the availability of these games on mobile phones.
Pin code -793200.
She said the state government is still doing little, although the court has ordered them to fully implement the order of the Supreme Court and the National Green Tribunal (NGT) to ban the smuggling of theft of coal and the establishment of coke factories in the state.
The people themselves look at the dress, height, white or black, counted or uncounted, the tone of voice and especially the ability to explain.
In the first half, Shillong Lajong FC took the lead by scoring a goal in the first half and in the minutes before the end of the first half, Shillong Lajong FC scored another goal. who ended the first half down 2-0.
The Union Minister said this in a recent reply to the Minister of State, Bah AL Hek after Bah Hek sent a letter to Dr Mansukh Mandaviya requesting for the The Central Government to upgrade NEIGRIHMS, Shillong to the status of AIIMS for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya.
According to the Spokesperson of KSU Barak, Bah Wanbor Pdang, on Friday, Police and Officers of the Forest Department of Assam, came to cut down and destroy the kwai trees, tympew and plants. Eviction Notice that they should leave immediately from these places which are their food.
HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh reminded that on 25th June the HPC had agreed to move from Them Ïewmawlong but the government should provide 200 square meters of land to each household in the European Ward and the fee. The government should know the cost of building the house.
The second goal came after Langsning received a free-kick which went straight to Kitboklang who was already standing inside the box and without a mistake he sent the ball into the net. net.
According to the NIPEP report, there have been 23 dam collapses in India from 1960-2010, and many lives have been lost in these incidents.
In the women's category, Splash won the best discipline team and Dulon Basketball Academy won the men's category.
This map is based on the boundaries of China and neighboring countries.
The statement said that in his use of the words of the Bible, he wants to destroy the feelings and beliefs of Christianity and to establish religion on the beating of Dalits and minorities. paid, by robbers who claim to be cow herders, but this shows before the world the deeds of those people who follow his teachings.
Hun-I-Kai, who is also studying in Nongtalang, said that she learned to sing because she started singing in churches and in places where there is music.
The UDP is preparing a letter to the Prime Minister as 50 years have passed, but the Reservation Policy has not been finalised.
He said that thousands of Congress members have been involved in providing assistance to the people across India and the party office bearers have also donated 10 percent of their annual salary to the government. to fight against the corona virus in the country.
Up to 50 trucks have been stranded at MECOFED, Mawiong due to the non-payment of the Transit Pass fee of 4500 tyngka per truck. These are the markets, especially during this lockdown.
The District Collector, Krishnagiri, Tamil Nadu has recovered the 20 children under the age of 12 from the hostel where they were staying. After receiving the information from the Tamil Nadu government on March 30, the state government immediately sent three of its officers to Hosur, Tamil Nadu.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by Rona Khymdeit, MDC Nongpoh Constituency, CP Gotmare, DC Ri Bhoi, RO Budnah, Director of Health. Services, Bah R.Kharbihkhiew, BDO Umling C&RD Block, Bah Stickshon Syiem, Syiem of Raid Nongbri, Dr B. Pohchen, DH&MO Ri Bhoi, Doctors, Government Officers, Rangbah Shnong, Teachers, Children school along with thousands of people from neighboring villages in the area.
At this meeting, the Governor first of all congratulated all the officers on the New Year and praised the role of the officers in their work to promote the development of the country. par with the income of the state.
He recalled that at the meeting to discuss the support for the MDA government, the MDCs and MLAs had more votes to support this proposal than those who opposed it.
Replying to the question on the support that the government will provide to schools to ensure that the NEP can be implemented in Meghalaya, the Minister said that the government has taken all the necessary measures for the implementation of the NEP. in all government colleges.
“The results have already been received.
Shillong, Lber 31: The District Judge Ri-Bhoi District has directed the District Judge Ri-Bhoi District to conduct another investigation into the allegation of overpayment of compensation to the owners of the lost property. land for the construction of the Umroi Airport.
There are 232 polling stations in KHADC and 18 in JHADC. There are 1,46,544 voters in 6 constituencies of KHADC and 8,739 in War East of JHADC. The contest in Nongkrem will be between the UDP candidate HS Shylla and the HSPDP candidate Hubert Riang. Edarstar Lyngdoh Nongbri (KHNAM) and Mamiry Nongkhlaw (BJP).
On the other hand, the Extra Assistant Commissioner, Bah Jonathan Shylla, who is present at the scene, said that he did not understand.
“I'm going to leave because it's too late to go to my father,” said Hep. “Yes, thank you for coming to help me, I'm going to come...” said Lydia's mother. "Come here if you have time," said Lydia.
She will have to take responsibility for raising and caring for her many children.
Hundreds of fish have died after a wire boarding was cut off in the Myntdu River in Rampyrthai on Monday.
In Nongstoin, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh, unfurled the flag and on this occasion, various government departments performed the ceremony.
Out of the 52 villages, 11 villages want to go to Assam.
The BJP leader also assured that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi will introduce the CAB.
The Iewmawlong area, which is inhabited by the Harijans, falls under the North Shillong Constituency.
She expresses her gratitude especially to those who have contributed in many ways to prepare for this tournament.
So along with some of his followers, he left his Kingdom and is said to have reached Tibet.
Australia have reached the final of the ICC Cricket World Cup for the fifth time.
in india you bud yes.
Shillong: The brother of Agnes Kharshiing, John F Kharshiing, today said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has phoned to express his condolences over the incident of Agnes Kharshiing. He said that the government will provide all the necessary assistance for Agnes.
“At present, we cannot say whether he has a hand or not.
Hilarios Pohktai said that he dropped out of school only until class 4 because of the absence of his father which made it difficult for him to continue his studies.
The mission was launched by the Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare, JP Nadda on November 25,
At this time we remember and pray for those who have died of the disease, but who else can heal the bitter hearts of children who have lost their parents? and who else will support their lives going forward? It is painful to know that from the doorway a child or a young child who is still sleeping will finally look at the remains of his or her parent and shout “bye bye mei”.
The lack of rainfall has caused the Umiam Dam, which supplies the largest amount of electricity in the state, to ring sdot until the mountains have appeared.
The union also demands that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek should immediately address the issue of these 108 workers and should no longer listen to the reasons given by the GVK and if this company should be removed from the state.
““The non-filling of Non-Faculty Posts under Group-A has affected the Professors who besides teaching have been forced to temporarily look after the posts of Registrar and other posts.
For example, today I have launched the JJM scheme in many places and it is not appropriate for us to invite Ministers from Delhi just because of the JJM,” he said.
He said that at present there are only three herbal tribes in India, one is the Central Indian Tribe, the Northeast Indian Tribe and the Southern Indian Tribe.
The suspect was identified as Jester Syiemlieh of Lum Shyiap.
This is just the beginning.
On Friday, 24 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the death toll to 1474 in the state.
In its Executive Committee meeting held today, the party has decided to strongly oppose the government's plan to set up an ANVC B base in the district.
WR Laiflang in one of his writings in the Christian Heritage wrote that although the Khasi are not clean in the morning, they don't have their own writing, but they are not riewkhlaw.
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 14: The National People's Party (NPP) of Mawkyrwat Block today held a meeting of its leaders in Mawkyrwat with a welcome speech to the newly joined members of the Indian National Congress. (INC) led by Bah Carness Sohshang MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency.
Speaking on this occasion, the Minister said that the government has already considered the proposal and the state government has made it clear that all The forests under the Forest Department are in dire need of maintenance and the Government has no intention of handing over these Government Forests to the Army.
Regarding the types of cigarettes, he said that any type of cigarettes that do not have labels showing that smoking is harmful to health will no longer be allowed to be sold.
Gradually he began to give her more freedom in travelling, but he understood that she should not be young because she was still in school.
Speaking to media, u Bah Bajop said that in the past few months, it has been seen that the minister in charge of the department has already admitted that the One Time Settlement (OTS) for those who own petrol pumps, who have not been able to pay tax for many years and the statement by the Ministers that the Value Added Tax (VAT) is the lowest in Meghalaya is unacceptable, because the whole country is almost the same.
“Know and understand your skin type first so that it will help you in caring for your skin and choosing products that suit your skin.
Five persons, all from Bangladesh, have been arrested by Bengaluru police for allegedly raping a woman whom they brought from Bangladesh. The video has spread all over the country in the past few days.
These include 66 cases from East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from West Garo Hills, 3 cases from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from East Garo Hills and 1 case from East Jaintia Hills.
Marak, who is also the first Chief Minister to complete his five-year term as Chief Minister after Capt WA Sangma (Bam kwai ha Dwar u Blei), said that the situation in Garo Hills is not good enough. The government should now do something to restore the peace of the people.
“You know that Kyrdem (Ri-Bhoi) is against but we have already identified two or three more sites to become a garbage dump in Shillong,” he said.
The second semifinal will be between Bakur SWSC and Shkentalang.
In my opinion, the child is between 20-21 years old.
The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi said a team has been appointed to investigate the incident.
Fortunately, no one was injured in the incident.
Pateinki Sabah managed to turn the tide through Prayme Kyndait who scored the first goal in the 11th minute.
They are religious, going to worship God with hypocrisy.
“It's Hep (Rangsan),” said Banri.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh, today said that the government will complete the construction of the poor house at Mawprem by November this year.
On the fear of many that if the policy is changed, it may be rejected in the court, Bah Robert said that the rules of law or the decisions of the court cannot be taken for granted. not only for yourself, but also for others who are involved or who contribute to the improvement of this Recruitment Policy.
Regarding these foreigners who were arrested from Pahammawlein, the HYC members handed them over to the Infiltration Police, so that they can take all necessary action and after investigation, the police have released them. These foreigners were arrested because they did not have proper documents.
U Bah Alfonbirth Kharsyntiew explained on the main issues to implement the tree planting project, how to implement the project for the benefit of many people and to increase their income. especially in the rural areas where there is still a lack of land to implement the project.
This battle later became known as the Nongkhlaw Massacre.
This is the fact that to experience the lyngngad batesi and to see the hills, rivers and forests, rivers, valleys and creeks you will find only in the rural areas and tourists want to see these things, not the crowded and dirty houses of Shillong.
The Word was with God, and the Word was with God in the beginning.
At the same time, the union urges the PWD department to take action to repair the bridge which is now in danger.
At the same time, the district authorities of South West Khasi Hills District have urged the people not to hesitate to travel due to the collapse of roads and hills to avoid injuries. The people should fight as much as they can to avoid this time of heavy rain.
“We’re looking at the numbers it’s pretty high to finish this year; However, the department is unfortunate to be able to achieve this target this year,” said the Minister of PHE, Bah Hopestandard Myrthong.
Shillong: The Government of India has approved the license for coal mining in East Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Lamphang said that the purpose of the HPC meeting was to approve the new design of the roundabout and to approve the budget by reflecting the increased cost of labor.
It is also worth mentioning that the Government of India has suspended the salary of those Job Card Holders who are 100 days employees who do not have Aadhaar Card and even those who have Smart Card (MHIS) If the people do not have or do not use Aadhar cards, they will lose out on other schemes of the Government of India which will be a huge loss.
In the morning, the jawshew said, “I cut the tieh in the middle of the rynieng of Kynram.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Forty-two candidates from various political parties have filed their nomination papers for the MDC elections to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC).
“Do they want to see their children suffer from all kinds of diseases? They should gather the villagers to explain to the public the dangers of uranium.
In a democracy we have the “RIGHT” to speak and express what we need for our happiness, protection, welfare and benefit from time to time.
Police said that in the incident, all the belongings inside the house were destroyed.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mitchel said that this scheme is an answer to those who don't see the work of the MDC. want to make too public.
“The Pakistani police have provided forged documents to these nine terrorists and Drishti's passport contains the name of a Khasi man from Shillong.
Choose those who claim to be patriots and such as them are no longer there.
Emi Ianga Phawa scored the first goal in the 76th minute.
Although he lost his wicket without scoring a run, the credit goes to Dippu Ch Sangma, who played well despite the injury he sustained on the opening day while trying to catch the ball. .
On the same day, a welcome ceremony was held for the newly joined members of the All Meghalaya Trinamool Congress Party (AMTC) in Mawkyrwat Constituency. who also gave speeches on the occasion.
Rangbah Pranshon Jala, said that since the establishment of the Association of Accountants, the land of Hynniewtrep, they have already taken a decision of consensus because they are the last to stay in the country. phalang ka phalit, in which the children of the fathers are no longer entitled to provide for their brothers and sisters to carry the position of children and it is on this basis that the Sengbah of the Census of the Land of Hynniewtrep , has come out to ask, to teach, to teach the country and the nation, to inform the traditional religion of how we came to be human beings on this earth and to live on the right path. to live on the basis of righteousness, without suffering and misery.
The High Court has directed the Registrar to send a copy of the order to the Secretary of MUDA, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, the Union Home Secretary and the Union Home Secretary. Director General of all Police and Army personnel in Shillong to comply with this order.
The MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has been opposed by the right and left.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Smit Sports Club 4-1 in the U-18 Shillong Premier League
The union also decided to demand from the police department to investigate thoroughly into this case and to punish the bloodthirsty.
The Assam government is also ready to provide but the village and relatives of these refugees refuse to accept.
Speaking on the occasion, James said that the Civil Hospital, Shillong has been the most advanced hospital among the other hospitals in the districts. It will be the progress of Meghalaya in the field of health care.
The Jews asked – is not this Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? How is it then that he saith, I came down from heaven? The Jews said, “We know this man whence he comes, but when the Christ comes, no one knows where he comes from.”
In this registration process, employees such as Booth Level Officers assisted by Booth Level Agents will go to each polling station to register as voters.
The 666 does not yet work.
The meeting was also attended by leaders from the college teachers who are also members of the MCTA. the Council.
But he replied, “I do whatever I want and he drives fast.
“Since the second day when the magistrates came, they have told us that the shops should be closed on Tuesday, but when we asked them, they said that they have received an order from the Government,” said some of the residents. selling goods on the floor when talking to a reporter.
“Law Lyngngam Tilla and Pyndenglanglieh Law Syiem are the land of the Hima but in 2011, Paiem Nangteising held a dorbar by misleading the people by making a rule that these land are jointly owned. between his house and the Hima.
At the same time, he said that it is necessary to protect the environment even if the mining of coal will continue and should not be done openly.
The three-day program started today and will end on 23rd November at the Lariti International Centre.
She appealed to the government to listen to their demands but if the government does not listen, the strike will continue indefinitely.
The earliest shooting happened in
The news on 6-5-2020 (not in U Rupang) has strongly condemned the negligence of the relevant authorities who have not taken action to help and solve the problems of the villagers in such a situation. for.
In the Technical Line, the Khasi-Pnar students who scored 80% to 90% marks were excluded to allow the Garo students who scored only 45%-50%.
He said that some of these diseases have come or appeared in this village and it is very difficult to disappear and turn into diseases because this area is flat and in the mountains.
“We also need to talk to all the political parties in the state on this issue,” he added.
Shillong: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya today said that the public can open shops to repair mobile phones, laptops or recharge devices in other districts of the state except in East Khasi Hills including Shillong and Mylliem.
Shillong: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) Khrumdiengiei Circle under the leadership of Samla Binel Nongrum and Vice President Bah Kerbok Kharsyntiew, Bah R Mawiong Secretary Khrumdiengiei Circle in collaboration with the CoRP Eastern-Zone under the leadership of Bah R Mawiong. Two buses coming from Dhubri Assam were arrested at Lad Umroi, Ri Bhoi District this morning at 4 pm.
These things will not only affect Israel but the whole world.
The root of the new race that was established by the ancestors must survive.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) invites and invites all the residents of Mawlai Constituency to come out on the 22nd of this month to take part in the rally. not determined by the organization.
Amse has sent along the photographs of the victims, which show the deterioration of the road in response to the report sent by the NHAI. NH-6 at Sonapyrdi, parts of the Sonapur Tunnel, Kuliang, Pyrtakuna, Dona Umbluh and Ratacherra-Malidor on the Assam border.
He said that the Government of India should be reminded of the Autonomous District Councils to strengthen them.
He is also an MDC from Balachanda ADC constituency and was a former prominent leader of the National People's Party (NPP) from Rajabala.
Similarly, perhaps any farmer can find a plant that is resistant to drought.
He said that recently, officials of ICAR Umïam including Dr VL Verma Director, Dr M Bilashini Devi who is a scientist, Dr Vanlalruati and Dr HD Talang, visited the to conduct training on how to cultivate various types of plants such as flowers, skud and other plants.
He said that as soon as he learned of the abduction, he and his family members tried to rob him, but he was taken away by the robbers. to kill, explaining also the manner of killing.
She also suggested that as school children with the joint responsibility of their parents whether they are in urban areas or even in rural areas, they should not have a spirit of doubt or put it in them. There is a lack of education but they should change their minds because they receive the same education through textbooks and even the government has had that special attention to the children in terms of education.
The meeting was attended by the Sordars, Myntri Shnongs of various villages as well as the elders and youth to give their support on this road.
The invitation for interviews is only a way or opportunity for officials and ministers to fight for government jobs for political gain.
It is also hoped that such schemes will help in providing employment to the residents who have a major role to play in the income generation of the country and the state.
There will also be a special prize of T.1000/-.
In the midst of the spread of the disease, the Committee of the Tymmen U San of the Seng Khasi Kmie, has decided to hold a Thanksgiving ceremony. The shat ka khein on the morning of the 10th at the Weiking Stadium, when the judgment of Tymmen U San came to appear in the light of the light, which according to the prophecy, that the law of God is higher than the earth, Last year, the Seng together with the parakur ki parakha had suffered the loss of lympung to complete this shad ka kmen. happy.
Secondly, how can we fight or prevent this disease from spreading to other parts of our country?
Jowai: Assam Police this morning came to Khatkhasla village together with puh-shilum to improve the land for the construction of the Assam Border Police Outpost in the village forest. Psier and Khatcastle.
However, according to information, many MLAs did not attend the meeting which shows that there may be something tomorrow in the power struggle with the opposition.
They didn't die.
Shillong, November 10: The BJP has decided to contest alone in the upcoming MLA elections in the state and now has a plan to find allies to agree before the elections.
The ruler of the kur is, The kur is responsible for everything; The power rests with him as a son, He is the Rangbah Khasi.
She said that Bah HDR Lyngdoh denied knowing anything because on the night of the 15th before the MDC election, he was at the hotel from 9 pm to 11 pm. The child was brought in from 8 pm.
United Democratic Party (UDP) Leader Bindo M Lanong said, “We have not yet met with the MDCs in the UDP party but in my opinion, the party should continue to support the “I feel that the UDP should proceed to appeal against the MoU because if we don't do that we will lose our land,” said Bah Bindo Lanong. The MDC is also the member of the Council.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that four years ago, no one recognized the goodness of Lakadong shynrai.
Ma K Lakiang, Chairman of the Sein Raij Kongwasan Chyrmang Community Reserve, said that all these assistance came through the protection of Khloo Blai Chyrmang which has been recognized as a Community Reserve.
He said that the election was suspended the day before the election because there was a complaint that there was a shortage of two groups of kurs. The law of the Hima Mylliem shows that there is only one Nongkhlaw Kur and therefore, he said that all members of the Nongkhlaw Kur can contest the Ministerial election.
The MSCW also pointed out that Chapter II Section 4 (3) of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women Act 2005 states “.
The market in Shillong has not yet opened because the largest market is in the Shillong market.
The full return of football last year has allowed the MSL, many of the big clubs participating in the league, which is run by the associations of districts affiliated to the MFA, to hold this year.
The emergence of such things is probably due to the excessive sin and bloodshed in every person in this age.
The meeting was attended by only the opposition parties UDP and NPP while the HSPDP which joined hands to support the NC against the government did not attend.
We all have to wait until July 4 to know what the decision of the people of the country will be and then we will understand what will happen in the next five years.
As the country's best athlete, Su has suffered years of illness and injury and struggles with his physical condition after the COVID-19 pandemic. has faced many challenges in his preparation this year to participate in the tournament.
It is true that there should have been two complaints, one from the owners of the houses, on the loss of two lives and another from the Civil Sub Division, for investigation. on the construction of the road.
The funeral service will start on Saturday, with the registration of names at 09:00 pm, followed by the raising of the flag of the Seng by the Father of the Seng, Lyngdoh Sohblei Wilfred Kharpuri, (Lyngdoh Rangbah Umbir Parish) with the theme of advice.
“To bring about development does not depend on the leader alone but it requires the cooperation of all parties so that the goals can be achieved,” said Bah Pius.
Today, police have received a written complaint from the mother of the child who said that she has disappeared from the house without blaming anyone.
In the recent report, the state's debt has increased from Rs 6401.81 crore to Rs 11,912.82 crore in 2021-2 There is a fear that the state may reach the point where it will not be able to escape from the debt it has taken.
and so far, they have shot down seven Russian warplanes in Luhansk Oblast.
However, on the other hand, although the traffic police have tried to resolve the traffic jam, but in Shillong, the traffic jam has become very severe these days especially during the time of going to school. private times.
He said that the MDA Government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma has become smaller like a tynshop in the hands of the BJP. For the new Government, Meghalaya will rule Meghalaya, Bengal will not rule Meghalaya.
The time to leave work was earlier because it was the rainy season.
Therefore, the request is that in terms of cleanliness, we don't need to rely on one or two people but we need to take responsibility together because with the cooperation we can bring victory in any struggle. .
However, on the 26th, her remains were found at Shangpung Mission near the cemetery of the Presbyterian Church.
Nongpoh, March 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the International Medical College and Hospital named after Purno A Sangma. ERD Foundation Guwahati and its Founder Chairman Mahbubul Hoque at the University of Science and Technology.
Police in Ri Bhoi District have arrested two suspects in connection with the murder of a 10-year-old boy in Umtangar village, Ri Bhoi District.
As the heirs of this age, what do we have to say, what should we do for Kiang Nangbah? As the heirs of this age, what do we have to say or ask about the Ri Laiphew Syiem and Khat-ar Dolloi in these days? What should we do for the country and the nation which has been in the midst of trials and struggles without turning, without walking, without standing? What do we have to say or ask the leaders of this age, what do the leaders, patriots do for the country and our small nation? Do they follow the example of Kiang Nangbah as one of the leaders who stood firmly on the foundation of righteousness and courage?
They also received a grant of T.15,000 from the Block.
However, what surprised the union is that now the GI PIPEs with the seal of PHE.GOM are one of the most marketable pipes where such types of pipes can be found in people's homes, places. Cleaning vehicles, ByePasbad roads around Jaintia Hills, what is surprising to see is that since the misuse and sale of GI PIPEs of PHE, many of the buildings of the PHE department have been destroyed. for the distribution of drinking water to the villages of both the districts of Jaintia Hills.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung, 14: Several villages in South West Khasi Hills District have not received electricity for several months. The transformer has been damaged and this has caused a lot of trouble to the families especially the school children and students who are in examinations.
Dev said the Congress-led UPA government has not been able to implement this because there are no other political parties.
The source also testified that this conversion of people happens through political activities.
There are many opportunities, to bring economic development and income people think in those areas that with the presence of the city during the rainy season economic development and income will it's over.
That is because the longrynñieng rangbah has been given only to men, and there has been a rumor that women and children are not allowed to sit in the dorbar.
Those who don't have manifestos but those who ask for the opinion of the people, this election 2023 is the first and it is only through this election that it will bring about real change in the rule of law.
He said that four persons including two civilians and two BSF personnel were injured in the incident and were taken to Dawki PHC for treatment. turn back to your house.
On the other hand, criticizing the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Rakkam said such politics and drama will put the state in great trouble.
Chanmitre Dkhar of Lion Sports and Youth Affairs was named top scorer with six goals this season.
“When the government has provided adequate accommodation to these SMB workers to a better accommodation according to the living standard, they have no right to object, because as it is now, it affects the health of the people. “It is to be recalled that in 2014 when the government planned to demolish the Motphran Bridge, there was a lot of traffic jam especially in the commercial area and not in the residential area,” said the UHM. There was also a demand from the shopkeepers of Motphran Bridge to remove the Khar Harijans from Them Metor and allow them to leave. but after arrangement with the law enforcement authorities, they will give them the land under the parking lot Jaïaw which is now known as the Khasi Market.
If we work well, we will receive our own good reward before man or God.
They were taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem.
Therefore, the tymmen is not like a babe.
Delhi, Maharashtra, West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh and Kerala have the highest number of cases and experts believe the rapid increase is due to the introduction of Omicron. in different states.
Bah Lamdibok Sumer praised Bah Rajip Lyngdoh, son of the Kur Lyngdoh, who has taken the initiative to develop this tourist attraction until the footpath has been constructed which will make it easier for the people to reach the Kur Lyngdoh. you're right.
The rainy season is the time when the skin is thick and clean.
She requested the government to appoint a lawyer for her to ensure that she gets justice from the court.
The smuggling of coal trucks into Bangladesh has started in recent days and hundreds of coal trucks have been able to enter Bangladesh, but after the seizure of these 61 trucks, many foreign traders who are locals have been arrested. The whole country was shocked.
“We will build so that water tankers and 407 trucks will be free for those who build new houses in Nongpdeng.
Shillong, November : The Christian Youth Center of Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Church on the 17th of this month held a ceremony to honor the youth who have done well in Tonic Solfa and Music. teachers who have retired at a special meeting held at the Christian Youth Center Hall near the Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Church.
“I have already directed the Director General of Police (DGP) to take action on this and to direct his subordinates. , to take strong action against those who drive motorcycles or vehicles improperly.
Despite the ability to demonstrate skills, athletes often face barriers before they take to the outdoors.
