The injured were rushed to Markara PHC and Mairang CHC for treatment, while the injured were rushed to Civil Hospital Shillong. the middle of them died halfway, owing to the excessive severity of the injury.
As in the MLA elections, in the MDC elections, there has been a strong ticket race, not only in the Congress party but also among the ethnic parties. Members of political parties who lost their tickets in the MLA elections have received tickets this time, even though they have contested as independent candidates for example, Bah Paidang of Mawkynrew.
“On Tuesday, I had a fever and I tested positive for Covid
The last pandemic occurred in 1920 and was known as the Spanish Flu.
“Who can believe that those who should have protected the citizens of the country are the ones who killed Bah Roning, and I want to make it clear that this is not the first time that our “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Donlang Nongbri, President of the Riwar Mihngi Development Organization.
Furthermore, as a leader, he said that the celebration of the 26th Anniversary of the party across the state is not the end and the party will continue for many more years. The party's priority is to work for the welfare and development of the people in the state. The party also invites the people to give their cooperation to achieve this. “It's a goal that the party wants to achieve in the state,” he added.
The order was handed down by a bench of Justices Surya Kant and Dipankar Datta.
The land owners said that they have been willing to go to the DC's office to request for the same.
The four persons from the North East, three from Meghalaya and one from Assam, are among the nine persons arrested by the Goa police in connection with the incident.
The union demanded that the government should suspend the order of the DC Ri-Bhoi and urged to set up a coal market within the state border.
It is important to know that you can drink and eat foods obtained from milk containing vegetables such as milk, soh khyllam, motor vegetables among others and tofu which are high in protein.
He said that the interviews for the selection of Senior Residents are held almost every month to ensure the full number of Senior Residents in all departments.
“If you look at the Reservation Policy and the Roster System, it says that 80% of the jobs at the district level will be for Khasi-Jaintia or Garo in the districts where there is only one.
Prof John Todd, one of the authors of Cambridge University in the UK, said these findings could explain why people are more likely to get certain diseases only during the same season. year.
Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong was the Chief Guest and Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem, MDC Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah, Dy.CEM of KHADC was the Symbud Chief Guest. .
It is rare to find a doctor or medicine.
He said that the Association has been donating blood from time to time to the Blood Bank and at the same time he invites others who are willing to donate blood. can save many souls in need of blood during times of illness, he added.
The Seng also urged the Minister to start the construction or temporary operation of the Mini Secretariat at the existing office of the PWD Jowai North Division.
Shillong, March 25: RTI seeker Disparsing Rani on Tuesday alleged that there is irregularity in the promotion of employees in the office of the Superintendent of Police, Fire and Emergency. Services, Shillong.
The church leaders have bought the land and have also asked the Dorbar Shnong for permission to build a church.
At the same time, he said, “Let them choose the place, I will come, let them shoot as they please”.
In the Khanapara-Pilangata area, it will stay partly with Meghalaya and partly to Assam including the Assamese villages and the Dreamland Resort. Brahmaputra Realtors is located in Meghalaya.
Delhi Police have protected Nupur Sharma and her family members after she lodged a complaint of harassment and threats of death following her speech on religion in recent days. Islam.
“He said that after they have removed the thehñiut from Mawlai, they will be able to transform it.
When inquired, other drivers said that the protests in Assam in these days have affected the income of Sumo drivers, as there are too few passengers. .
“We would like to thank NEHUSU for reaching out to help and be with the students of this university.
and to punish any companies that violate the rules of the Council so that any foreign companies shall respect the rules of the Council.
He said there are 53 Hima, 80 Raid Dorbars and thousands of Dorbar Shnongs.
Speeches were also delivered by Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, President KSU NEHU Unit, Sama Emosjohn Nongsiej, President KSU Bangalore Unit.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, said that the peace talks of the UALA, which was established in 2012, will be an example for other rebel groups to stop. bloodshed but to come forward to make peace with the government and to live in peace in society.
When we wake up early in the morning, we feel the breeze that fills our hearts and souls, which we cannot say that we praise the Lord Creator.
The death toll in Italy has risen to 1,8
On the other hand, the HYC in the petition said that it has also met with drug users whom it does not want to name. Not only them but also the parents who are enslaved because of their children because they cannot afford to put them in a rehab center because of the high cost.
Mother and child care is still available.
We want to ask where this person was at the time of the murder of Bah (L) Lurshai Hynniewta,” he said.
As you know, the KHADC has three executive branches including the Executive, Legislative and Judicial,” he said.
The government has honored former Chief Minister Capt WA Sangma while Bah BB Lyngdoh, one of the leaders of the state, has not yet received any honor from the government. any name or occupation.
Besides, the issues of the UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM and the PDF are interrelated.
Earlier, Bah Teinwell said that the census has been in existence since ancient times and everyone knows that Khasi means taking the jait from the mother.
For his part, Ban said he would hold a meeting with the leaders and supporters and after receiving their opinion, he would take the best decision.
“BS IV vehicles, which will be purchased until October 2020, will continue to operate through the numbers they have,” she said.
The time has come to end this practice.
He is now known worldwide as a composer and guitar player.
Jowai, Nailur 18: The Amlarem Sub-Division Sports Association (ASSA) has announced that the Football League will start from 15th March, 2022 in various categories and will be played at the ASSA Football Ground in Lad Understand, Learn.
Shillong, July 12: The Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, today said that 12 people have died in police custody in the past three years.
Shillong, June 27: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday threatened to “fight” if the State Government approves the demand of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC).
In the past few days, the All India Trinamool Congress through its MP, has spoken in Parliament to demand the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule.
This year's Durga Puja was celebrated amidst joy and happiness, in which the people went from one pandal to another and government vehicles, JNURM buses were ordered to earn more. the time allocated for the transportation of passengers during this festive period.
Shillong, Nailar 8: The office bearers and members of the Central Executive Council of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) were sworn in today.
Israeli authorities say more than 100,000 Israelis have been abducted by Hamas in Gaza, including military officers, women and the elderly.
The Dolloi said that from time to time, the farmers have to wait for the kwai at the right time to avoid theft. farmers and can also be harassed from time to time.
Members of FKJGP Jaintia Hills Zone:.
He said that he is pleased that many of the villages have given their cooperation to implement development projects in the villages in the last five years in which they have gone smoothly without any interruption and said that other villages have not. It is sad if there are those who have not yet been able to travel, but if God is still able to win again, He will continue to complete the remaining works.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the situation in Manipur which has affected the people through the bloodshed.
According to sources, the state government has banned the import of chickens from other states following the spread of avian influenza which could affect their health. birds and animals as well as the residents of the state.
“After receiving the reply from the High Court, we have written that we are eligible for the post, but now we have been waiting for six months but nothing has happened,” he said. said Kong Phikirbha.
The ASHA App has been implemented across the state since October this year and so far 7067 ASHAs have registered with the App.
The film is directed by S Kharsyntiew and directed by Kit Rina Nongrum.
Shillong: U Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Disaster Management Department, today acknowledged that the incident ha Diengiong, Mawdiangdiang, has prompted the Government to purchase modern equipment. to provide assistance to people affected by such disasters.
The BJP claimed that Mrityunjay was shot dead by police on Tuesday night.
Isn't it the duty of the government to solve all these problems of the people? We have empowered our leaders to pass laws to protect us but until now there has been no law to protect the nation. promises and speeches to mislead and mislead the people especially in the rural areas which are still less educated compared to the urban and rural areas.
Up to 16 teams from across the state including 3 teams from Assam will participate in this tournament.
Until now, it is not known how many times this vehicle, which has machines to examine and detect people with this disease, has been to hold camps in rural areas as agreed with the government.
That is why one has to chase to get it.
They are Monfill Marwein, Mack L. Marshillong and Bashemphang Shullai.
The residents of Tyrso, Umtngam, Umsohmatan and Birsiej villages have strongly opposed the arrival of the coal trucks.
It is our duty to be vigilant and careful about what we eat to avoid many kinds of diseases.
About 100 people have been infected from the area, which has shocked Beijing.
Lapang said the present NEIGRHMS hospital in Mawdiangdiang was established through the advocacy of Brington Buhai Lyngdoh when he was Prime Minister in
It is learned that the SP had gone to the scene of the incident when DC West Karbi Anglong and Hamren police chiefs were in Khanduli. They threw their knives into his motorcycle and threw them into the Karbi crowd.
Nongpoh, June 20: Leaders of the FKJGP North Khasi Hills District together with the FKJGP Umroi Circle, today visited the parking lot of the party, which they have built at Umroi Madan, but which has been allowed. and it was given to a private man from the same town.
The KSU said that it stands firm on the ground that it stands to say no to uranium and also to the 2 lane road from Nongstoin-Wahkaji-Ranikor. you can mine uranium.
After the cleanliness drive, the members of the West Jaintia Adventure and Cycling Association (WJA) visited two prominent recreational spots in Laskein area including Kupli Holiday Retreat and Himani Resort. Laskein Block Tourism and Promotion Society founded by Golden Dkhar.
Later, the foundation stone was laid for the construction of Lumtiniang Park at Mowtyshiah at a cost of ₹28 lakh.
However, those who love animals have complained about the incident, saying, “How would a person feel if a poster was put on his body during elections?” said Reena Mishra. one of the most caring for animals.
The CEM of the Council on Friday handed over the Sanad to Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem to confirm that he has been elected by the Ministers and Bakhraw of the Hima Mylliem. The meeting was held at the Hima office in Mawkhar.
Until now, both the Governments of Assam and Meghalaya have not been able to resolve the border issues.
Shillong: “There are nearly 300 foreign shops in Laban area of ​​which 105 shops are without proper documents, 32 shops have not been renewed and 12 shops are illegal. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Manly Nongpluh, President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban Circle.
In Men's Best Physique (Below 165 cm), Bhalang Khongwir of Claudia's Fitness Hub won, Raj Kumar Saha of Lion's Den Unisex Fitness Center Tura won second and Rehearsal Jones Hynniewta of Franky Calisthenic won second. Gym Fitness.
Shillong, Nailar 03: During the outbreak of COVID-19 in 2020 and 2021, the East Khasi Hills District Administration has opened the markets near the city, to avoid the overcrowding of markets and others. They are located in Shillong.
Although the damage inside the house was severe, fortunately no casualties were reported.
This goal will also be difficult and not easy to achieve.
All alcoholics become addicted to alcohol.
A total of 12,298 health workers have been confirmed infected with the virus in Spain, said Maria Jose Sierra, head of the deputy health emergency.
Pastor Jamir said that the reason for the addiction to alcohol is because the graduates expect to get jobs, but they stay at home.
The employees of the factory under the banner of the MCCL Employees Union (MCCLU) have met with the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma led by MDC Donevan Kharwanlang, to request him to release their salaries. which amounted to more than Rs 11 crore belonging to the last 13 months.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Leader of the Opposition in the House, Dr Donkupar Roy, has slammed the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma for not listening to the opinions of the MLAs. allocation of funds for development works in the constituency through the Special Plan Assistance (SPA).
So he said: “Let us go to the city and see.
“The passing away of this man has been a great loss to the community and the church as a whole,” said Bah RS Sohlang Rangbah from Markasa.
(b) Calving period:- A pig gives birth for 3 months, 3 months 3 days or 144 days (+ 5 days).
The FKJGP is afraid that this bridge will become like the Shillong Bye-Pass bridge which has been in disrepair for several years due to the flooding of the Umïam River.
In a face-to-face meeting with the DC, the union demanded that he should take action against the sudden increase in the number of khar die madan in Khyndailad.
Too! who doesn't know, speaks faithfully. love, and be good to the body. Reach the goal, that's what they want, They've tried many things, to win, Jali jaum, destroy the love of the country! Thank you, Choose! Here now, Co! Khun ka Ri I would like to urge you to choose your candidate, our future. Think carefully, look carefully! Remember Elector! If you don't, you'll lose your Shon shap once, you're wrong! You have destroyed, the State! When you choose a candidate, many offerings Long long sin, to take money Because once, you were bought! To grow communities, don’t wait! Handmade canvas! and theh tyngka People to avoid, such as those As the elect, have seen They forget you, want only pleasure.
“This is also to inform the government and the National Highway Authority of India (KSU) that they have been acting too much without thinking about the lives and deaths of the people,” said the General Secretary of KSU East Jaintia Hills. District Unit, Mr. KS Suchiang.
He said the GSMC has talked to the leaders of Khasi and Jaintia Hills on this issue and they too have unanimously expressed their desire to have their own state.
Estonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas called the incident not a battlefield, but a massacre of civilians.
Another complaint of the people is that they don't use to elect parties anymore because as soon as the elections end, the regional parties have turned into national parties and the national parties act as regional parties.
The total number of recoveries has reached
The meeting was to demand the enactment of the VAB and to oppose the Ordinance.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, NPP President, Symbud Myntri Prestone Tynsong, Vice President of the party, NPP MLAs and others. constituencies, MDCs of the party, party leaders in Mawkynrew constituency and others.
In these days, they will seek permission from the Deputy Commissioner whether they get it or not.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the signing of the MoU on the border settlement was one of the issues discussed.
Furthermore, in order to avoid traffic jam, the SP has requested the drivers to pass through other roads. The road is via the Shillong Bypass.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that this new building is a sign of the coexistence of the ancient and the modern.
He passed away at the age of 81. Kyndiah was also an MDC and EM of JHADC in 1974 and an MLA in
During the meeting, many of the traders, who asked for time from the union, because they have paid advance for these vehicles they have taken from abroad so that they can complete the purchase.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday evening raided Upper Mawprem, a place where people used to smoke drugs.
This is news that we have just seen in the newspapers and are surprised to hear from you,” said Manish.
The Nongkohlew RCLP was founded in 1969 and through the hard work of the teachers and school authorities of the Catholic Church, the Nongkohlew UP SSA was reborn and this year the Nongkohlew Secondary School was reborn. Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Embhah said that he will not forget to visit the schools in this village and surrounding areas to continue their education in Class-IX and X. He has donated to the school and even during his years as an MDC he has been able to help with the needs of the school.
This is also true for others.
“We will install the BOPs on the border and we have handed over to the District Administration to find the places to install the BOPs in these areas,” he said. the boundaries of Block
“In Meghalaya, we now have a fully equipped drone launch site at Jengjal and the load of medicines on the drones is 5 kilos to be sent to the CHCs/PHCs which are more difficult to travel,” she said.
First, the body of the elderly man, who was killed, was first found by the residents, in which the manner of killing, was also very tragic, because it was suspected that the robbers who killed him, first. They cut him first with a sharp weapon, and then they threw stones at his head, until his head was broken.
In accordance with the directive of the Election Commission of India, the District Election Officer (DEO), West Khasi Hills District is pleased to inform all voters, elected representatives about some of the relevant information. and the vote will be held on 19 June
Banisha doesn't worry but she hopes that the best will come but she will wait for the guidance of the higher authorities.
We live in the age of social media where our children have their own mobile phones and through many media, they can follow and misuse them in writing things. things that are not right.
We are still waiting for the full information on the incident,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Meghalaya Government Nurses Service Association (MGNSA) has called for the reform of the Auxiliary Nursing Midwifery (ANM) in the state. the Meghalaya Nursing Service Rules,
Shillong: FC Galaxy have reached the semi final of the 4th Kiw Sing Memorial Football Tournament 2020 at Pongtung. In the 36th minute, Galaxy player Kampher Khongnoh scored the first goal and in the second half, Galaxy secured their place in the semi final where Robot scored the first goal. Dkhar scored the first goal in the 80th minute of the match.
In this regard, the union urges the law enforcement authorities to take action and immediately arrest these bloodthirsty men and punish them according to the rules of law.
Therefore, all those who are responsible for the accident should admit their mistakes.
The Sordar of Umwai, Bah Tyngshaiñ Wanwar was also shot dead along with other members of the KSU. Bah Ambrose sent his condolences to the family of Bah Lurshai and also wished all the best to the family of Bah Lurshai. they are in the midst of wounds, and they are healed.
Shillong: The State Level Inter School Football Tournament (Subroto Mukherjee Cup) 2018 was held on Thursday at the Polo Ground, Shillong.
According to a police statement, after receiving information that a newly formed armed group of several youths, has also signed an agreement with rebel groups from Nagaland to train them in the fields. Police have conducted a search operation and arrested the seven suspects.
Mainu won a gold medal at the 2010 North East Games in Shillong and five years later she won a bronze medal at the 2015 North East Games in Manipur.
The high levels of protein in the urine cause the kidneys to become weak and less able to function properly.
Indian bombers immediately targeted and repelled them and in the incident, a Pakistani bomber was reportedly shot down by India in parts of Lam Valley of Nowshera.
But why don't people who drive foreign vehicles have such a law?    In this regard, especially for us in the villages near the companies, if the government still wants us to work together, it should provide special protective equipment to the volunteers, otherwise we will not be able to. to cooperate or follow the directives of the government in driving these vehicles, because now we are afraid and anxious to go on duty as we used to go in the past, because now I know that by wearing masks 10 tyngka from the DC's office, we cannot prevent the spread of the disease.
The people in that area don't waste even a minute of time.
Lambor said that there are many lists of needs which the government has prepared and those which are most needed have been put forward.
She said that the government has reduced the size of Motphran to make it more spacious but unfortunately it has been surrounded by land dealers.
I don't think it's right to use the word 'jaidbynriew' anymore because it has been underestimated and devalued.
The RBYF has also requested the Forest Department to clarify on the permission to cut down trees and destroy the environment by the private sector in the forest. immediately and to appeal to the court against the damage to the environment by the department responsible for its care and protection.
Mawkriah West Sports Club and Umrynjah Sports Club have won the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023, which was organized by Shillong West Sports Association at MFA Turf, Polo.
Although the newspaper said its report was quoted from a United Nations report on "the corrupt practices of the head of the Vatican," the leaders of the Catholic Association of Khasi and Jaintia Hills and its lawyers have found that many of the words in these news are not from the United Nations report but from the articles published by the newspaper itself.
Older ones can also be invited to climb to the top of this rock.
Nongstoiñ, June 18: Regarding the government's announcement through the media, it has urged the people to strengthen the farming of cattle, pigs, fish and others. West Khasi Hills, expected that this announcement of the government, will come into force and will be of great benefit to the residents.
Tens of hundreds of members of MGSPHSVA took part in the event and various programs were held and a competition was also held.
The Congress has announced that it will not take part in the inauguration of the Ram Temple in Ayodhya.
It may be recalled that on the opening day of the session of the Legislative Assembly, the members of the Legislative Assembly were shocked when the Governor spoke in Hindi which many members do not understand. Hindi of the Governor has become one of the topics of discussion these days.
Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC and Molamanoh SC have won the Super Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on Tuesday at the Artificial Ground. turf in Woodland.
“It is the duty of the police to protect the people from injury and if necessary they should use force accordingly,” said KHNAM in a statement.
On the occasion, Mukul called on the youth especially school children to work with the government to raise awareness among the people on the impact of climate change.
Besides teaching school, Babu Will has taken part in other activities.
The Word of God itself tells us clearly – “We have a building of God, an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens, 2 Corinthians 5:1
This is the annual festival which was taught by the ancestors, said the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Mynsngat.
Speaking on the occasion, Lambokstar said that from the very beginning, the party has understood clearly that the government should think and ask especially to look into the employment situation in Meghalaya. for 50 years.
Shillong, July 15: The Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today summoned the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to appear before him. minister of the kingdom of Mylliem.
During her two-day visit to the state, Mamata will meet with Meghalaya Trinamool Congress leaders.
It is shocking to see these numbers of India and China.
On the same day, the Nongmensong Taxi and Driver Association (PTA) held an anti-drug campaign at Nongmensong Dorbar Hall in the presence of Bah M Marngar, DySP Traffic, Insp S Dasgupta, IC Rynjah, Traffic Branch. Members of the Longkmie, Members of the FKJGP and others.
The Committee also found that the Accident and Trauma Center at Nongpoh was funded by the NEC in 2003-04 but until 2010, the construction of the machine has not been completed. 6 years for the department to complete the building to house this machine.
In fact, this is not the time of agitation for the police to arrest the people.
At present , it has been seen that there are many other ethnic groups such as Naga , Mizo and Hmar who are doing their business here in Shillong without Trading License The EM Incharge of Trade said that the KHADC will not release them either but will soon close down their shops and vendors.
This house is located in the area where the shat ka khein of the party is held and is built on the property of the party.
The salary increase has been increased from T.173/- to T.181/- for those who have not yet learned the job. from T.184/- to T.215/- and those who are skilled in the job have been increased from T.215/- to T.225/-.
Dr. Donkupar Roy, Leader of the Opposition, said that this is an important issue for the people and urgent to discuss in the House. to allow you to talk.
The total number of cases has risen to 145 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
This is the first time that a dewbilat company has been authorized to manufacture and produce oil well cement in the North East by the API (American Petroleum Institute) and the BIS. Kerala today confirmed that another person has tested positive for Corona Virus, bringing the total number of cases in the state to two.
The meeting chaired by Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Chairman of the Regional Committee for West Jaintia Hills in the presence of Piyush Hazarika, Minister of Information and Public Relations, Government of Assam, approved the that the members of the committee will visit the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya.
The KHADC should ensure that it does not issue NOCs for the mining of uranium roads in West Khasi Hills.
Regarding “Religion".
Before raising the questions in the House, Teilinia Thangkhiew said that the EC often when raising questions says that they will issue notice and this has happened in about three dorbars but until now. She said that if this happens, she will prompt the members of the House to raise the same question.
The thief of all evils is the love of wealth, the love of money, because it makes wealth the master, not the servant.
Nongpoh, November 29: To strongly protest against the company's disrespect for the village authorities and failure to follow the rules in the implementation of gas pipes in the villages of Ri Bhoi District, the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement ( HNYM), Ri Bhoi District today gave only 3 days to provide all the requirements and if the company opposes, the union will not hesitate to take other measures.
The AITC can attract people by promising to send money, to do things that cannot be done and they ask for votes for Mamata Banerjee, no one will vote for the AITC. Mamata Banerjee herself is still being elected in West Bengal and has to wait until the bye-election to be elected? If the people of West Bengal and their constituency do not vote for her, who will vote for her in Meghalaya, Tripura and other states.
On this occasion, the Customs Department of the Central Government brought many documents and letters related to the coal mining.
Police said the suspects identified themselves as Ronand Kyndiah and Daniel Syiem from Shillong.
Everyone in the state has learned about the violence by the Assam Police in the villages in the area, since the destruction of schools, poor houses received from Meghalaya, the suspension of Meghalaya has not revealed all these things, but it is sad that the Mawhati MLA has not expressed all these.
The High Court, in a 41-page order, said it was true that the court had looked into some aspects of the investigation into the initial complaint filed at Madanrting police station, but It is also clear that the conviction of Bah Julius is related to the incident at Umïam Lake Resort in Ri-Bhoi.
The BSF arrested them when the Bangladeshis came out of the forest area near IB and were riding in a Tata Sumo which had not been parked in the area.
Shillong: The National Commission for Safety (NCC) has visited Shillong to inquire into the situation of road users or metor drivers living in Shillong.
The members of Namdong Unit are as follows: President – ​​Chanbor War Vice President – ​​Juhhi Tariang General Secretary – Heimonmi Phawa Asst General Secretary – Phrestar Sawkmie Publicity Secretary – Barista Kyndait Education Secretary – Marbiangki War Organizing Secretary – Bhabok Sungoh Sumer Finance Secretary – Sport Secretary – Mewillbe Lamare Office Secretary – Damechwa Mukhim EC Member: Kitboklang Lamare, Fromwel Pakma, Mekerlangki Pyrtuh, Heimonmi War, Rimi Lamare, Banlum Lamare, Lambok Biam, D Sakhaios Bhoi.
Jowai, Jymmang 21: The Namdong Christian Club, Namdong – A in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Officer, Jowai has conducted a campaign on the dangers of alcoholic beverages. A on the 20th of July, the program was enriched by the participation of more than 100 residents of the village, both men and women. /club that they have been able to bring this public awareness on the impact of alcohol and how to get protection measures if we are abused by our relatives or husbands.
“The North East Olympic Games not only brings about the provision of venues but especially for the athletes who can compete.
Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng Standard School came third with 58 points.
Despite serious injury caused, BSF has shown utmost restraint and respect for human lives by not resorting to firing, but tactfully managed to foil the smuggling attempt of miscreants.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills against the Addl SP, Dy SP and police involved in the lathi bomb attack. The KSU has lodged a complaint under the leadership of Ma KS Suchiang President, members and some of the KSU members. Leaders from the District Unit demanded that all the policemen involved in the lathi bombing of the people including women and children should be punished during the public hearing of Meghalaya Cement Ltd, Thangskai. , East Jaintia Hills on the 24th of this month.
In Ri-Bhoi, the areas under Meghalaya are Borduar 147.83 sq km, Nongkhlaw Hima 1.57 sq km, Nongwah-Mawtamur 137.51 sq km, Khanapara-Pillangkata 2.29 sq km. Doomreah covers an area of ​​484.72 sq km.
God is great.
Ronnie V Lyngdoh said the Bharat Jodo Yatra or march from Kanyakumari to Kashmir led by Rahul Gandhi has frightened the BJP leaders and the National Democratic Alliance (NDA). hi all.
As part of his appreciation for the hard work of the church authorities to improve the school and to produce Block C without financial assistance from the Government, Conrad promised to donate T.20 lakh from the school. CM Special Development Fund as usual with other schools where the work at this school for the new building is in progress.
Ma Thombor Shiwat said that many employees of JHADC are in short supply of money at this time when the state is in the midst of fighting against the corona virus, but the JHADC has not Nothing has been done for them because the district council does not have the money.
The final match of the Meghalaya State League 2023 organized by the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) on Saturday at the SSA Stadium has started to increase again. Polo.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government will consider whether it is necessary to appoint the former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Cherishsterfield. ) Thangkhiew, who surrendered to the government recently.
They were banned from Raj Bhavan to IGP, Kachari to IGP, but they would pass through Lachumiere to Barik and vehicles would not be allowed to enter from Barick to Horse Shoe Building, Lachumiere.
To date, five censuses have been conducted in 1977, 1980, 1990 and
“Whether it is regarding the issue of Them Metor, the construction of the Assembly we have taken action.
"While MCA President Naba Bhatacharjee encouraged the team not to be discouraged, after being compared to strong players like Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra, He said he is confident that the team will play hard and play well this time.
From the residents who are responsible for the entire area.
This has created problems for the state and it has been attacked by these foreigners and the state will be overwhelmed by these invaders.
Unlike in Bilat, where the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly resigns from the political party at the moment of election.
Think about how you would feel if you were a brother or a sister at home.
Readyonestone said how can they give the names of leading leaders to the people of today by destroying the fighters for the state along with other serious mistakes.
On the arrest and detention of Michael Warjri in Assam, Sosthenes Sohtun said he has already spoken to the state government officials to transfer him to Meghalaya. He said that he himself went to meet Bah Michael Warjri at the Central Jail at Lokhra, Guwahati.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District said that the district authorities will conduct public awareness campaigns on the use of EVMs in four constituencies of West Jaintia Hills District from 13th July.
The BDO said that this money was deposited in the account of the VEC because these villages are far from the places where there are banks (as they have done since the implementation of the scheme).
I hope that it will succeed and the party will continue to monitor this road as promised by Bah Prestone Tynsong.
The Rangbah Shnong of the village admitted that in recent years, they have raised the problem of the village regarding the loss of the transformer in the village, where they have informed the MLA four times. , but they don't get anything while their children live in poverty, without electricity.
Because of this night power outage, the residents of the village have been put in danger by the robbers and drug addicts at night”.
It is a place where they can see the snowcapped mountains, the deserts, the dense forests, which is like a paradise for nature lovers.
" Bahnah turned. Now Bahnah was shocked to learn that.
“Surprisingly, the MUA-II government has 44 MLAs in a house of 60 members, but it is still in crisis,” he said.
“There are those who have applied for a license but as we have decided not to proceed with the opening of casinos, we have not issued a license to those who have applied,” he said. On the other hand, u Myntri Rangah said that the government itself will not repeal this Act because the purpose of introducing this Act is to curb vacancies whether online or offline.
On 16th November 2013, the department approved the appointment of a Consultant of SDMA, at a salary of T.45,000 per month and issued an advertisement for the post.
Lephing Pyrtuh, former Waheh Shnong of Sohmynting, said that Sohmynting is a village that loves national parties and the UDP is one of the parties that brought development to this village during the time of (L) Sing Mulieh. Ma Moonlight Pariat, who confirmed the party office bearers in this village, urged all to work hard to bring the party to victory.
Police have searched for the suspect, who was involved in the collaboration of his family members, together with the bank employees and arrested him on the 19th of this month.
He also expressed his hope to get more from the MLA and to distribute the rights to the rightful families.
He said that the Engineer has promised to take action and expedite the work and if those households who still have electricity bills do not pay, the department will not allow it. to ring bording because the office itself will do the work of replacing it with another transformer.
He said that the players should try hard and focus so that they can reap the fruits of victory.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Platinum Jubilee Football Tournament has been launched by the Mawlai Parish Catholic Church on 15th June 2013 at the Mawlai Phudmuri Square.
In the 70th minute, Ïaphishisha failed to score after a shot from the edge of the box.
We also call for an end to the ethnic warfare by various groups who are trying to promote this issue of division and destruction,” he added.
It may be recalled that he will represent India in Turkey on 13th March 2022 for the Arms Wrestling tournament.
I found for myself that they brought their own cooking utensils and a bowl with Maggi noodle and water.
“You go to the villages and people will tell you about the development works that Modi has done, they will talk about Modi's rice, Modi's light, Modi's water, Modi's house and many other things that we can't do here. It shows that Modi and the BJP have been accepted by the people of the state,” he said.
Education Secretary- Damechwa Phalangki.
A political party without a principle, without an issue, is no different from a uniform.
Today, another group of Ri-Bhoi Dorbar has come forward to congratulate the officer on his return to serve the people of Ri-Bhoi Dorbar. Today, they also presented a flower at his office as a sign of welcome once again to this officer who has always supported and cooperated with the people especially to promote women in Self Help Groups during the time of He is the BDO of Umsning C&RD Block.
In 2008-09 he purchased 1200 songs at T.4000 per song for 600 people (2 songs each), 2009-10 he purchased 900 songs, 2010-1 The price is T.4000 per song for 110 beneficiaries.
“This is not the first time, stone falling on workers, trucks and JCBs colliding, the union has lodged a complaint with the SDO and the “How can the government not cooperate with the company, the company that works in the countryside, how can it come here, this is a loss to everyone,” he said. said.
Sundardas Rathansey Spices Pvt.
Shillong, November 21 : The UDP, although working with the NPP in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government, has now reached the point where it has lost its FOCUS scheme. Appeal to the Chief Election Commissioner of the country to investigate.
Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Social Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, Anurag Agrawal, IG, NE Sector, CRPF, Chiefs of Police, Defense and State Administration also participated in the programme.
Shillong, July 20: The National Congress Party (NCP) Meghalaya has denied that it has any alliance with the Congress in the upcoming MP elections.
According to the relatives of the deceased, the family members of the deceased have tried to find out where he went or where he went, but they have not received any information. and they did not know where he had gone or where he had gone.
Imaïa scored two more goals in the 39th and 45th minutes to complete the hat-trick.
Assam has suffered enough, and it is time to show that it cannot do whatever it wants with the land of others.
The adhoc teachers, who are under the banner of FASTOM, have demanded from the government to increase the salaries of all. teachers receive T18,0
He added that the Uniform Civil Code will affect the culture and way of life of the people of the North East especially those who take their mother tongue like Meghalaya.
But they did not dare to touch the holy places, as the husband dared or as the husband dared to touch the holy places.
St. Gabriel Outreach was established under the supervision of Fr. Tobias K. Ngapkynta to provide the needs of young men and women such as NIOS, Guidance & Counseling services. at the Albera Home Youth Development Centre, an evening school for 10+2 students who have worked during the day to continue their education, other vocational training such as computer training and other other de.
Shillong, November 29: BSF troops of the 4th Battalion, Meghalaya Frontier have seized clothes worth T.11 lakh from the border between East Khasi Hills and Bangladesh from a pick-up truck. before crossing the Bangladesh border.
He said that the statement of the HYC Sohing against Fr Sngi is wrong because Fr Sngi is a person who knows the customs and traditions of the Khasi people and to criticize Fr Sngi is wrong. they're wrong eh.
Shillong: A 26-year-old student of IIM Shillong, Kaustubh Tarmale, from Maharashtra, has drowned in the Bharsa River in Mumbai.
He said that Bah Sanbor will submit a petition to the Chief Minister on the issue of Dorbar Shnongs and Covid-19 Management Committees.
The question is, who can provide the answers to these problems of the people which I have mentioned above and others? Where do we go to get the answer? I believe that first of all we should ask ourselves these questions personally and we should also learn to ask difficult questions so that they can expand our thinking and which can also be beneficial for the whole nation.
In a statement, the KSU said that from time to time, the people have been complaining about the lack of hospitals and doctors in CHC Mawkyrwat from the lack of staff as well as the lack of medical staff. strength and even sickbeds.
At this place, the ritual will be performed again before the crowd leaves the shimeit until morning which is the last day of the annual ritual.
In another incident, a group of unidentified persons set fire to a Border Security Force (BSF) post in Lyngkhat, Pynursla Sub Division.
The trek ended at the foot of the King of Lidakha.
However, as the days go by, the silence of the leaders of this government especially the senior Ministers has delayed the implementation of this Act which is needed by the people.
In the second semi final, Ladrymbai B.SC beat Tpepswer SSWO 4-3 on penalty shootout. In the second half, both the teams didn't score a goal, so they had to play in Extra Time, but in this Extra Time they didn't score any goals. tap cold.
On Thursday, 32 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed and no deaths were reported.
The MDC said that the village leaders should understand the plight of the poor and needy who have to work from one village to another and especially those who are still stuck in the middle of the road. They should help them not to refuse, but to help each other at this time when the whole world is in the midst of the struggle to eradicate this Corona Virus Covid
Although Meghalaya does not have a panchayati raj, the Union Minister said that the visit to Shillong showed how the Dorbar Shnongs in Meghalaya can be strengthened and how they need to be strengthened. .
The meeting was attended by Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, NPP leaders in Ri Bhoi District and other leaders including Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Victor Ranee, MDC Jirang and Rangkynsai Kharbuki. , they have mentioned many of those good deeds done by Ma Ngaitlang and which have shown that he was indeed a great man and worthy of honor.
People with HIV and AIDS feel scared and sad.
RS Reikan Lyngdoh, Founder of the M&A Church in Markasa and also founder of Markasa LP& Secondary School, West Khasi Hills, which has been in existence for more than 50 years, said: he passed away on November 26, 2018.
Besides, this road is very busy due to the influx of tourists from all over the world to visit the beauty of Sohra.
He said that the Government should be responsible if anything happens to the people especially in the border areas and the party will not stand idly by and will not accept if the Government intends to open Kulmar without any explanation. back to the people.
On this basis, the leadership of the dorbar during the election of the Lamphang was handed over to Bah Ronnie Lyngdoh who is a strong supporter of the Prime Minister.
Therefore, we have taken a decision in which the majority of the people will unite and support,” said Balen Thubru, Convener and President Erwin K Syiem. Sutnga Advocate, Co- Convenor, Meghalaya Joint Action Committee for Solution of Public Grievances snd President Meghalaya People's Labor Union.
It was also witnessed that the Police have tightened security at the Main Secretariat and IGP Point in preparation for any incident.
She said that the police should also investigate into the disappearance of the two trucks seized by the police from Wahsnait and investigate who among the police helped to take these trucks out of police custody and prosecute them according to law.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Prestone said the meeting discussed the problems and needs of the police in the state and one of the problems is the shortage of police officers. police in the service of the people especially in the maintenance of peace and order.
“This allegation by the HNLC is groundless according to my knowledge, because the police department is not like in the past when it can arrest while being charged, but now it should not arrest. well and without investigation how can we find out the truth, but to allege that the police investigation is negligent is not so," he said.
If this happens, without fail our youth will get real government jobs in all government departments like police, health, and in all government departments our youth will get real government jobs in this state.
Services won the Best Team, Akash won the Best Boxer and SSCB coach Jai Patil won the Best Coach.
We humans cannot force or program for Jesus to come into anyone's home even if we have prepared enough food and drink or if we have decorated the house beautifully.
He said that he has also taught people especially in the fields of diabetes, high blood pressure, high blood pressure, stroke, diabetes, diabetes, and others.
"He waited for her to answer. "As you say...I will do so..." Deisy said. "Yes, it will be enough..." Bahnah said again. Deisy obeyed without arguing.
“Dreams of good days, to give TT.15 lakh to every citizen of the country, 2 crore jobs and many others.
“Whether there is an election or not, this is a strong demand and we send this message to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to listen to the request of the people of Meghalaya,” said Bah Hamlet. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: Pastors today met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem to discuss the Marriage Act promulgated by the State Government. The meeting was held to discuss the issue of the government's Marriage Act, 2012 and Rules 2015, which affects the registration of marriages by Christian churches.
Indian badminton star HS Prannoy has become the country's second men's Asian Games medalist after Syed Modi, who won the Asian bronze medal. Games in 1982.
There will also be an Adolescent Friendly Health Clinic, MHIS, PMMVY, Adhaar registration center and other programs including Yoga session and Zumba session. on that day.
I'm going to the water in the mouth of Blai, I'm going to thylliej Ksiar.
In this regard, the honor and fame goes to Kong AR for the continuous publication of the newspaper "U Nongsain Hima" for 60 years. Lyngdoh Mawphlang, the current owner, publisher and publisher, and others who have been the owner, publisher and publisher of the newspaper, Nongsain Hima.
The Minister said the Government is ready to talk to the MCTA on their views.
Mulait Bri Sumer and Mochut Pyrdung SC won the semifinal of the First Division Football Tournament organized by the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA) on Thursday.
Before distributing the awards, Ms. Mawthoh, Branch Head, North East Small Finance Bank, handed over a check of Rs 7 lakh (for the purchase of a Small Bore Sports Rifle along with kits and accessories) to Dr.D. Vijay Kumar, IAS, Commissioner, Sports, GoM, which was handed over to Mr. John F Kharshiing, President, Shooting Association of Meghalaya.
The High Court has also directed various Superintendents of Police to lodge complaints against those who called for these curfews, road blockades and railway blockades.
Furthermore, it was found that the buses which have been parked on the roads and which are no longer in use have been handed over to the schools for use.
Can you do that in Khyndailad? Municipal officials should come to see the truth in the morning and evening.
He has acted according to the rule, according to the decision of the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) and all the issues mentioned are based on this,” he said.
It is to be recalled that HANM, Western Ri Bhoi together with the Paiem of Nongspung Hima recently came to stop the construction of the Assam road by admitting that the area falls under the Nongspung Hima in Meghalaya. However, the Assam government has not listened at all and through the contractor is still implementing the road. The Hima Nongspung and HANM, Western Ri Bhoi have strongly opposed how the Assam government will implement the road. They are from the border of Meghalaya.
In the Men's Football, Sutnga Youth Church beat Moopala Youth Church 1-0
She urged the members of the Movement to be good examples to others. It is the duty of all members from children to adults to find ways to bring peace and to be those people who know how to appreciate the blessings of the Movement. for the good of the present, tomorrow and the future.
“Subo Singh's claim on social media that the Meitei people are involved in the attack on KSU members is not true because the KSU does not recognize him and even if it is true, He has nothing to do with the party or the people of Manipur,” he said.
All winners will be awarded prizes, mementos and certificates.
In fact, in Amwi-Khasi, which writers like H.Bareh consider to be the language that still preserves the Monkhmer snap, the meaning of “Mekong” is equivalent to “Meisan” in Khasi.
On this occasion, the JSM Jowai Circle wishes you all the best and bless you all, said a statement from Emi Ryngkhlem, President JSM Jowai Circle.
Langsning Xl tied for 191 runs for the loss of 7 wickets in 41.2 overs which helped the team to win by 3 wickets.
Knowledge helps us in many ways.
The Society will also provide information regarding travel, the distance of tourist attractions in kilometers, and will also provide special arrangements for those who come with children, infants, those who At the same time, it will also take the cooperation of various Dorbar Shnongs.
Some of them expressed that they are happy when leaders and members from various political parties come down to visit their brothers and sisters, but their visits should not be accompanied by them. hundreds of people or without consulting the village leaders of the area, because if the inspection is accompanied by hundreds of people, it will disturb other ethnic groups living in the border area, because the border area itself it is a place inhabited by different communities.
In this regard, “Sustainability of Drinking Water Sources” (JSA-2023-SSDW) has been set as the Central Theme of Jal Shakti Abhiyan
New Delhi: Tamil Nadu AIADMK leader KT Rajendra Balaji today called for the resignation of actor Kamal Hassan. because he was accused of Hindu terrorism.
There are many different languages ​​in India but the country unites all the ethnic groups.
In the incident, one child survived, while his mother died, the report said.
The union also demanded that the DC should issue an order to the jhur vendors in Iewduh not to charge more than 2-3 tyngka instead of 5 tyngka.
According to Bah Dmikstar, the earthquake in 1897 was like a disease that killed many people.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent said that the victory of his party is a clear decision that the people of the state have lost confidence in the MDA government. glory to God.
She also encouraged the students and ensured that they have all the necessary facilities to help them achieve their goals.
“I don't want to tell you, Father, I don't want to tell you.
Secy FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, expressed his regret and at the same time made it clear that if the authorities do not take action on the demands of the FKJGP to implement as soon as possible the needs of the people. Nong Shong Shnong on the part of the Seng will not hesitate to take other measures even to the point of stopping the construction of the road which is in progress.
“Of course the goal is to resolve the border issue within these five years,” he said.
They leave it to personal acquaintance.
Last year, the Governor took a two-month leave after protests against his tweet that those who oppose the CAA should not go to North Korea.
According to this list, the Scheduled Tribes of Assam 1950 – 71 are: (1) Chakma (2) Dimasa (Kachari) (3) Garo (4) Hajong (5) Hmar (6) Khasi and Jaintia (including) Khasi, Synteng or Pnar, War, Bhoi or Lyngngam) (7) Any Kuki Tribes (37 groups) (8) Lakher 9 men (Tai-speaking) (10) Any Mizo (Lushai Tribes) (11) Mikir (12) Any Dragon Tribes (2 groups) (13) Pawi 14 Synteng.
The meeting was held by the Joint Action Committee (JAC) Shallang Area today and the purpose of the meeting was to request the District Council to take action against the NGT ban on mining. and coal smuggling in the State which has been going on for about two years and also to force the government to draft and implement a law to protect the right to land ownership and others.
The university will open 720 seats for 6 lines of study including 120 seats in each line of study.
The party has become stronger and stronger through the joining of FA Momin, former Congress MLA and former Minister of State,” said Conrad.
Prestone said the people should not misunderstand that there is any pressure to form a government.
Whoever has the will and sees far, let us do it, that we may find it late.
This tax is collected by the government authorities and dealers and paid by the public including the owners of vehicles and those who ride vehicles as passengers.
"Furthermore, on the announcement that the party, which has received applications from 15 and 16 constituencies so far, he said that there has been an "injustice" which has been necessary from for the purpose of issuing tickets.
Speaking on the theme of the Lympung-ïamir-jingtip, “When the language lives, the nation lives”.
Kroos has also won four La Liga titles.
“Why don't they threaten their own government, when they are in government, why should they threaten us,” said an officer who did not want to be named.
Meghalaya will join with about 170 other groups to strengthen their efforts to combat climate change.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has announced that the Aadhaar registration in the Block will start from 6th July,
There are no kurs of the Biate tribe who have settled in Jaintia Hills who are still related to the Pnars, nor are there any kurs of the Karbi tribe who are still related to the Bhoi. It is located in Ri Bhoi District.
Furthermore, a scar is not necessarily a sign of a beautiful or good body.
We remember the story of Jesus being lost from the hands of his parents and found three days later in the Temple (Luke 2:43, 46).
Shillong, Nailar 08: The Joint Action Committee (JAC-HJ) has urged the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through its Executive Member I/C, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor to take action against him. Syiem of Jirang Hima, Pa'iem RH Wahlang, for disrespecting the order of the KHADC to convene a Peace Committee within 15 days, and this shows that the Syiem does not respect the authorities of the KHADC. According to a statement sent by the President of the JAC, Bah O Thangkhiew and Secretary M Sangkli, the KHADC has received a letter dated 18th July 270 has directed the Syiem to convene a Peace Committee within 15 days, from 18th November to 2nd July, 2017 but the Syiem has not been able to convene the Peace Committee. The KHADC 15 days have passed.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Jeskalur L Mawdoh has been charged under Section 307 IPC of attempted murder against the Chief Minister of Meghalaya for driving his Max on Friday. ladep, in 3mer, has posted many different comments on her facebook page in these days.
Conrad Sangma from South Tura constituency should be punished if he is found to have gone too far in running the government.
As the people of the village are suffering, especially the rich, the people closest to those in power are becoming increasingly involved in their own interests.
Thank God, this Act has not worked, because the KHADC has turned around, by giving the reason, that they cannot do this, because the land does not belong to them or to the Government. , but of the people, which is supervised by the Hima, Raid, Village and Chiefs.
The reason is that they do not believe and doubt.
The body was found after police received a tip from the Waheh Shnong of Nangbah that there was a body near a forest in Sahbseiñ.
Speaking on the BJP's nomination of a candidate from Tura, Dr Sangma called on journalists to investigate how this happened in this form. and who will take care of them,” said Mukul Sangma.
Shillong: The KSU Mawprem Unit on Tuesday received a complaint from a youth on 21/5/22 that a foreigner has been collecting money from the residents of Mawprem area. An appeal letter to the people saying that he is a speechless person, that he has a speechless sister, a mother who died due to being raped while giving birth to two-headed children and a father who died of Because of the electricity shortage, many of the relatives have donated money to this Dkhar, without asking or investigating properly to find out the truth.
Police seized these items under the provisions of the NDPS Act and recovered 117 bags of cannabis hidden from the back of the vehicle.
Mukul laid the foundation stone of the Court of the District and Session Judge of Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh at the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
The HYC said that the District Council has a law to curb the illegal trade of foreigners under the Trading by Non-Tribal Act, but it has been found that this law which empowers the council is of no use because there are hundreds of thousands of people. Foreigners trade in this area without permits and the council loses the revenue it should have received.
He said that there are Dorbar Shnongs which allow women to participate in the election of Rangbah Shnong and members of the Executive Committee although the law does not recognize that.
At present, the children who are in the school are taught by teachers from Guwahati.
However, Bah Lakiang said, “I have not received any information yet that there is any intention to issue or send anywhere, because in fact the department is preparing the requirements. to run this IB".
At the same time, he said that the office of the DC and SP will count according to the number of vehicles between the two parties JHTOA and EJHTOTA. ha Tuber Tahkhniang because the foreign earth factories in Lumshnong, Wahiajer and Thangskai areas from time to time do not allow the state trucks to carry the goods according to the agreement.
All those with disabilities are requested to bring their original Disability Certificate/ID with photographs, residence certificate, BPL Card and others to register. Those who have received assistance from any Government/NGO/Semi Government Office for Aids and Appliances in the past two years are requested not to Shillong, November 1: The newly elected MLA of Nongstoin, Bah Diosstar Jyndiang, will be sworn in on the 3rd of November. At 11:30 pm, the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya will be held in Rilbong.
Shillong, Lber 13: The former CEM of KHADC who is also the Leader of the Northern Party and the MDC of the UDP has said that the government has banned the mining of shyiap and other activities which have affected the employment of the Khasi people. from Sohra, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, through a motion, has expressed his deep sorrow over the decline in income and the increase in poverty and trade which has affected the poor. in the economy.
Meanwhile, Chief Secretary PBO Warjri said the government will honor all the members of UALA and will release a salary of T.2.50 lakh each to its members after they came to participate. lay down all their weapons.
Hundreds of residents attended the meeting to listen to the explanations from the officers of these Government departments.
"I would like to congratulate 'Kain Pyrjong' who dared to criticize Shahzade (Rahul), because no one in his family has been criticized in the past hundreds of years," he said. Root.
He urged and encouraged all the youth to work hard and diligently so that they can bring glory to the region as a whole.
The KSU has pointed out the lack of schools, mobile networks and the fact that the people from the police and the army have to use the Bangladesh Simcard.
Confession of sins, repentance, and baptism, they understand that a new wind is coming.
Existing Units in Sohra, Pynursla, Sohryngkham and Ri Bhoi have also been confirmed to carry out their assigned duties.
Minot Dkhar (83) of Umpling, Lumdiengmet, Indra Bahadur Sunar (73) of Nongmynsong, Khrawbok Umdor (40) of Sanmer, Upper Shillong, Daiantis L Marshillong (48), and New Nongstoin, West Khasi hills.
The Minister said that the Government cannot remove people from other ethnic groups after they have been appointed because this is not appropriate and it is not true.
Members of HTL and other members of other organizations joined the protest in front of the Semsonsing Ingti Memorial Park. , Dip.
Sylhet: Pope Francis has appointed Most Rev. Bishop Shorot Francis Gomes as the Bishop of the Sylhet Catholic Diocese. on the 12th, Tuesday of this month.
“The government will be a coalition government and cannot elect only the UDP or BJP to form. Those who want to work with the VPP must accept the principles of the VPP,” he added.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) President Daniel Khyriem on Tuesday said that the victory of Dr. Mukul Sangma from Ampati by the vote of the Muslims does not mean that the nation has lost. “The victory in Ampati with the Muslim vote does not mean that the nation has been defeated,” said Daniel, while speaking at a rally held in Motphran today. Permit Line(ILP).
In a letter to the DC, BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang said that the party has received many complaints from the public especially from students and school children because the forms have been submitted online since November. and they have not received it to this day.
David Cameron, Angela Merkel and Francois Hollande have said they have decided to further restrict trade with Russia if it does not allow investigators. countries of the world, to go to the scene of the crash.
We witness again that the President of India has not been able to approve this bill.
The behavior of the Ribhoi district authorities has been very wrong, since the 11th those who went for the interview for the post DEO have been ordered to quarantine. If you don't have an interview, you can go to all the states.
Criticizing the MDA Government's reluctance to abandon the schemes halfway, Sangma said, “During his tenure as Prime Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma introduced the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Program which has not been implemented. the assistance is not from the Central Government but from the State Government.
These Sengbhalang Leaders called upon the citizens to wake up and think carefully that the sale of their votes at a high price when electing the Nongmihkhmat, does not bring at all the income and benefit of the State or the country. Jaidbynriew but it is a threat to the future and heritage of those who are the children of all the citizens of the State.
Psalm 148:5-13.
The suspect was identified as Riboklang Lyngdoh, 22, of Mawiong, Nongstoin.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today declined to comment on the PIL filed by the government against the implementation of the Meghalaya Residential Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) in the state. The entrance and exit gates will be installed at Umling, Ri Bhoi District.
He encouraged the fish farmers to produce more fish and market it so that it will be of benefit and convenience to the people so that they will no longer have to rely on imported fish. The development of fish farming can increase their income and income.
Speaking on the occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the State Government is awaiting the report from the DC of West Jaintia Hills, which the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma will take up the matter. The Chief Minister of Assam will meet with the Chief Minister of Assam tomorrow Saturday in Guwahati.
The pond was constructed under the State Aquaculture Mission, Mini Mission-III in 2016 and was completed in 2017 at a cost of T.458589 lakh.
Since 1954 onwards, there have been many events, struggles and mass protests for the independence of the State.
“At present I don't have anything to say regarding the 2023 elections because I am still on my way and if the people want me I will contest while my body is healthy and allowed to contest. “It is up to the people and his supporters if they are eligible to become the leader of the constituency,” said Bah CB Syiem. The party will contest the 2023 elections and the party will be decided on the basis of the opinion of the elders after the formation of the Mawhati Constituency Social and Economic Forum.
We believe that the government understands how much this affects schools and students.
Guwahati: Assam Police have agreed to investigate the theft and fraud of former Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi. Former Chief Secretary of the Government of Assam.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat Langsning FC 4-1 in the U-18 Youth League on Saturday at the Polo Ground.
Earlier, speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah MM Dangngo, NPP candidate from Ranikor, said that his joining the NPP was at the insistence of the people's leaders. to accept the word.
Moonlight had introduced a motion in the Dorbar Tlang today, but in the end without discussion, it was rejected by himself.
She urged these trainees to work honestly and hard so that they can become full-fledged people, without having to wait for government jobs.
The Seng on this occasion has awarded special recognition awards to the volunteers including the volunteers who helped to repair the bridges, the Rangbah Shnongs and Sordars Raid who They are in the community as a sign of special recognition and encouragement for their public service that they have contributed to the society and the country.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing said that at present all the MDCs sit with the Congress in the District Council.
There are also other issues related to the empowerment of women, reconciliation between the Protestant and Roman Catholic churches and others.
Books take us around this world without dragging our feet.
Yevgeny Prigozhin has reportedly ordered his troops to suspend their march to Moscow and return to their bases in Ukraine.
In the 1st North East Olympic Games 2018, Meghalaya has won only one gold medal, but this year it has shown its skills through the hard work of the athletes, coaches, The Meghalaya Athletics Association and the Sports Department of the State Government of Assam came second with 12 gold, 6 silver and 2 bronze medals.
Those who violate shall be punished according to the law and this order shall not come into force immediately until further notice.
The Jugali employee had gone to Matdein village after the electricity outage and in agreement with an unnamed employee should be at the Sub-Station to turn off the electricity when there is an electricity outage. “Before he climbed the electric pole, he phoned his friend at the sub-station to check whether the electricity had been turned off or not. Speaking to u SP News Agency, MeECL CEO SB Emdor said that the post mortem was conducted at the Civil Hospital of Thangrain. On the other hand, we have already sent an inquiry to the AEE-SDO, Bah L Sungoh and we are waiting for his report.
To prevent the spread of COVID-19, no parishioners from different villages of the parish were allowed to participate, but only the Rangbah Balang of those villages and Bah Boniface Khonglah were allowed to participate. Secretary of Bangladesh Khasi Catholic Association, Bah Thomas Pohduweng Treasurer of Bangladesh Khasi Catholic Association was also present to witness this great day in the history of Doublecherra Catholic Village Church.
“Ka Kong Bertha Dkhar, a visually impaired woman, said that this road is not only used by us people with disabilities but also by school children because it is safe. to walk because it is protected from the main road and this is a very busy road in the morning or at night.
Shillong: The General Manager of the Food Corporation of India (FCI) SK Yadav today said that there is a misunderstanding about the use of plastic.
About 10 vehicles from Sohiong including women with small children arrived at Congress Bhawan.
Therefore, it is expected that the number of spectators will increase again over time.
Shillong, July 5: The North East Students' Organization (NESO), which includes the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), All Assam Students' Union (AASU), Naga Students' Federation (NSF), Mizo Zirlai Paul (MZP), Twipra Students' Federation (TSF), All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU), Garo Students' Union (GSU) and All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) , on various issues related to the security of the nine States of the North East.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Umtngam have already set up an Adhoc Committee of UHACF which will be confirmed in the coming days. The Committee includes Bah Lamang Manik Syiem as Legal Adviser, Bah Hillary Shadap Rangbah Shnong Umtngam as Secretary and other other.
Lahkmen, who is also the MLA of the area, said that the 10 km road connecting Dawki and Muktapur should have been constructed for 5 km under the PMGSY scheme. T.20 crore through the CRF and at the same time the road from Pdengshakap to Amlari will be upgraded.
The former CEO of MKVIB has been involved in these corruption activities by misusing his power/position and also by stealing forged bills.
On this occasion, the union honored the residents of Mawsynram who have stayed in Shillong including doctors, engineers, officers and social workers who have improved the state as a whole.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U BDO of West Garo Hills on Tuesday shot dead a group of robbers while he was walking from a village near Jengjal, about 40 km from Tura. .
On receiving a tip that a Mahindra was carrying these batteries from Shillong to Guwahati, Byrnihat police conducted a shrimp fishing operation at Byrnihat. The Mahindra escaped from the police station.
Kyiv, October 22: In the midst of the fiercest war in Ukraine; However, one house was very lucky and that was that a Russian soldier entered the house, but did not burn at all.
The election for the new MLA of Shella constituency will be held on the 21st of this month while the nomination for the winner will be held on the 24th.
The Meghalaya Softball Association (MSA) on Tuesday announced that it will represent the state in the 44th Senior Men & Women National Softball Championship will be held in Odisha from 5-9th June.
“Now the nation has been robbed of its ownership by foreigners from employment, education and others, all this is due to the lack of governance through the MDCs and MLAs,” he said.
“I can't just pull anyone out of the way,” he added.
Shillong, Lber : The two-day National Science Day Celebration 2023 was organized by the State Council of Science, Technology and Environment, Meghalaya and sponsored by the National Council of Science, Technology and Environment (NCSTC), Department of Science & Technology concluded on Friday under the theme “Global Science for Global Wellbeing.
Prestone Tynsong said, “The victory of the NPP this time is unexpected because it is in the midst of accusations from the opposition and this can mislead the people. My congratulations to the residents of the three constituencies where it has been confirmed that in the 2023 election we will come back in victory as well as Bah Blah from Mawphlang”.
The CEM on Tuesday urged the farmers of these two villages to farm in the areas where they used to farm without causing any trouble or huri hura. Will Mawlongbna go to Synrangdieng or Thyllaw go to Rithang? Because these two names are for the same place where the incident occurred on the 12th of July (which these two villages have claimed ownership).
After receiving information that the Khasi residents of Nahar Punjee village, Bangladesh are in the midst of this problem, various NGOs including the Bangladesh Adibasi Chattra Songram Council (BACSP), Kollol Mustafa, Muwdud Rahman and Mizanur Rahman from the University of Dhaka came to encourage and encourage them to be with the people of the village to fight for their freedom. .
“Bah Deng HS Shylla has gone astray, he has turned back to the right path,” said UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy. UDP East Khasi Hills Chairman TW Chyne today at the residence of Dr Don.
The award was presented by Nina B. Marweiñ, wife of Mr. Readington.
Khan was replaced by Donkupar Massar in
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga have met to discuss the setting up of regional committees to inspect the border areas of the two states.
The 2023 elections will be held.
“Before doing this, he invited all the men of the family to the house, and then the women to give the 'nasib'
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kharkongor said, “We request the Government to provide an adequate Relief Camp so that it will be easier to provide food, shelter and medicines. ka dashin because it will be more difficult for the village to provide for these needs and during this cold season there will be forty kinds of diseases.
He did not know anything about the writings of the Bible, but he was stunned because he thought that the Messiah of the Jews would come again through the same gate but it was not so.
Thousands of people are expected to take to the streets of London to pay their last respects and millions more will witness from their homes before the funeral. years and 214 days, the longest serving Ruler in the history of Bilat.
Before the end of the meeting, a cultural performance was held by the villagers along with a drama by the members of the Village Organization of SHGs. Prof. Rakesh Sinha under the Sansad Adarsh ​​Gram Scheme (SAGY-II).
TATA is one of the largest companies in India, and the rights it has now received comes after its launch of the men's tournament which has already become the IPL. Sons has taken over and replaced the Chinese company Vivo.
Also present on the occasion were Bah D Syiem, President FKJGP, Umsning Circle and NSODA office bearers. to follow after the distribution of uniforms, they are, that the wearer of the uniforms should recognize that they are drivers and those who have a license, and that they should not return them. uniform to other drivers without the permission of the Unit or Association.
“The abolition of the Block Congress is because we want to strengthen all the units, we are not looking for anyone's fault.
The Dorbar Shnong also congratulated all the organizations who have supported this fight against the destruction of the environment and the water shortage in Nongtalang.
So avoid drinking cigarettes.
“Who says I have lost my body, I have been examined not only by 5 or 6 people, but by thousands of people across the constituency and after they have measured, I have been examined. “I am the best candidate for this election,” said Bah Martle Mukhim and added that he has a strong hope of winning the MLA election because he is standing. beit on the foundation.
“Some people ask me if I sleep well or not and I answer that I sleep well so that people don't get upset. sleep," he said.
“Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house.
The residents have complained that the pump has entered even the khiew ja and for that reason many of the shops selling and selling ja have to close their doors even though it is a shop.
On the other hand, the Acting Syiem of Nongmynsaw Hima, Paiem Phlowing Syiem, said that the Hima has a list of vehicles where the price of vehicles has not been set. 200 tyngka for heavy vehicles.
These Home Guard Volunteers have worked from October 2020 to November 2020 during the first outbreak of COVID-1
“If you don't like them to go and get help from Dasakhiat, don't let them go,” he said.
At present, the cause of the fire and stoppage of the aircraft in the incident has not been determined.
Such words can be called Tiensyrdoh which means 'Phrase' and Tienwet which means 'Idiom'
Otherwise, it will be destroyed and confused and there will be no order in the country.
I don't have anything else to say.
Police said that Bah Thabah was taken to court today, where the court has ordered him to be questioned for eight days.
The incident took place opposite the Jerobad Police Outpost.
This Government led by the NPP will continue until the end of its term.
Khyriem said the government has many things to do in 2016 including the construction of the entry and exit point for foreigners, and how to to improve education in the state and other activities to curb corruption.
The removal of them from the wildlife status alone is not enough, because until now we know that these two types of goods have been transported by some groups of kharkaia and owners of goods, or the government. The state doesn't know where this goods come from and even the price, we find that no one knows, except for this group of Kharkaia, who have connections from Shillong. Kolkata, Delhi, Haryana and other states.
All those who own vehicles, do not appoint drivers who are drunk, those who do not know how to drive, those who do not have a license or those who have just received a new licence, but those who are responsible for the vehicle and those who sit. , including vehicle owners and passengers.
Shillong, July 07: The District School Education Officer (DSEO), South West Khasi Hills District has ordered all schools in the district to temporarily suspend the morning queue for Assembly students due to the extreme heat of the day. .
If these three types of symptoms appear, it is a sign of anxiety.
The Coke Plant was destroyed by bombs.
Shillong, March 12 : The HSPDP, PDF and Congress constituencies in Mawkynrew constituency have collapsed after many of the leading leaders of these parties have joined the NPP in the Mawkynrew constituency. The meeting was held on Tuesday at Laitkyrhong.
Shano Tariang, who came as a substitute, scored in the 61st minute.
At this Fish Processing Unit, through the latest technology, it will be possible to produce tungtap which will be sold in various markets across the state.
AL Jose (Provincial Delegate) in his speech urged the alumni to unite and work together for the sake of the community and especially for their families and to thank the donors so that we can receive the blessings. .
However, what is more interesting is that there are still some souls who are not able to support themselves without turning to those who are suffering and especially the children who need help in their lives. and these souls who used to do the work of charity this year have turned to one of the orphanages in Nongstoin to continue their work of charity.
Brightstar Chyrmang was one of the leading leaders of the party before he entered the political arena.
We must not be quick to reach the end.
Many of the farmers do not own their own land but farm on the land of others and have to pay a high price to the landowners.
The area from the village to the west and to the east is a green area which is beautified by the presence of streams with dohthli and shalynnai and from time to time lawlynnong and lawbniap.
Shillong: After the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) has submitted its report on the uranium mine in Nongbah Jynrin, the government will now wait for the Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati to investigate the incident. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the uranium mine has been released.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle, today led by its Vice President, Samla Rangbah J Khongiong, today met with the headquarters of Dawki Police Station and Amlarem Police Station on the issue of arrest and detention. to not allow people who have been excluded from the NRC in Assam to settle in War Jaintia.
"We have decided to love each other forever," said Tony, from Bradford, West Yorks.
The road has been funded by the Central Government through NHAI at a cost of T.536 crore.
J.M. Pohsngap.
Shortly after, the Governor also visited the Border Out Post (BOP) of the 4 Battalion Border Security Force, Dawki where Pradeep Kumar IPS, Inspector General of BSF Headquarters Shillong, explained in detail about the areas where the BSF has been arrested. The BSF is not responsible for the service.
Africa said he never thought that Bangladesh would still remember him and he was happy.
“However, the decision of the Supreme Court has confirmed to us that we are the owners of the land and the resources in it and this has pleased everyone,” he said.
The Church Leaders Forum wishes a Merry Christmas 2020 to all the believers and residents of the State.
The Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KBC) also expressed its deep sorrow over the incident in Bihar.
It will also implement the Mission Sports to identify, train and develop sports talent at all block levels.
Speaking to reporters, the Joint Director of Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) M Marbaniang said that 51334 candidates have passed the Matric examination this year including 22922 males and 28412 females. women.
Over the last eight years, we have seen an acceleration in poverty alleviation activities through the use of technology and especially digital activities.
From Tura, the NPP has decided to contest again with incumbent MP Agatha Kongkal Sangma, who is also the sister-in-law of the Prime Minister.
“The District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer, Jowai should conduct public awareness campaigns on the disease in the villages and teach how to protect and clean the pig farms and bury the dead pigs according to the rules. " To fight against the spread of this disease read this link:.
The FKJGP has distributed these food items to the leaders of various Circles in Bhoi, so that these Circles can help those families who are very poor and especially at this time of crisis. Covid-19 has been affected.
“Kmie Wanbok, the time has come for us to be careful.
When he received a new salary, he sold his mother and father.
Shillong: The Rangthong PHC will be closed for two days for the purpose of cleaning and searching for those who have the disease. Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the Rangthong PHC will be closed for two days. The State Government has decided to prosecute those who provide false addresses and phone numbers when they enter the country. state.
"I don't trust Gogoi anymore, even if I trust the party leaders in Delhi," Hemanta told reporters.
“We have now filed a Benami Act against these villagers and we will arrest them in the coming days for prosecution according to the rules of law,” said the police chief.
Shillong, March 16: The HSPDP has expressed its surprise that the government has decided to appoint another Advisory Committee (AC) to reconsider the recognition of the Khasi Language in the Fifth Schedule of the Khasi Language. Constitution of India.
Shillong: The President of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) KP Pangniang on Saturday came to demand from the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to build a fully functional police outpost at Langpih.
This difference is that mothers love their daughters more than their daughters.
Nongpoh: Members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) in Ri Bhoi District on Saturday visited the house of a woman in Umling, Ri Bhoi District. The house of the Longkmie, has been destroyed by fire in the past few days.
The launch of the scheme was attended by W.Shabong District Child Protection Officer, Bah M.Diengdoh ADM, women employees in charge of the scheme. Bah PD Sangma, in which he also gave an explanation on the implementation of the scheme.
On the other hand, the height and age population of children under 5 years of age in Meghalaya has decreased from 15.3 to 12.1 per cent and from 28.9 to 26.6 per cent. etc.
During the inspection, the KHADC enforcement officers found that some shops which failed to provide the necessary documents have been closed down and some have misused the trading license to sell food items. mobile recharge.
In the same order, the judge said, “I found that Bah Adelbert Nongrum intends to insult the court and he has appeared before the court. WP (C) No.363 of 2014, Adelbert concluded by saying that there is nothing wrong with the order of the High Court. against the minority community".
Khrawbok Mawleiñ, Secretary HNYF, South West Khasi Hills District was also present on the occasion.
These experts also explained the benefits they get from banks and urged the citizens to open accounts to reach the goal of the Government of India known as Digital India.
Doctors of NEIGRIHMS Hospital immediately took him to the Operation Theater to remove the head,” she said.
The Temple Mount is the place where temples have stood since ancient times such as the temple of King Solomon, and near this place is now the Muslim temple in Jerusalem.
These vehicles will not be allowed to travel to Shillong or parts of Shillong and the occupancy will be 1+3 for taxis and 1+2 for auto rickshaws.
The seized items were handed over to the Custom Department in Pynursla and a complaint was lodged with the PS Pynursla for further investigation and legal action.
Shillong: There have been 54 new cases of coronavirus in the state, said the Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War. 1,515 people.
He said that if the government closes about 90 percent of the winestore, it will also affect the ticket offices which have tens of thousands in Ri Khasi and it will also affect the party because through them they earn money to pay. to the government up to 30,000 tyngka per annum.
He noted that the economy brings about an impact on the quality of life of the people.
(Para) Khasi-Jaiñtia we understand but to contest only one MP in the Lok Sabha will be wrong,” said Bah Kynta.
The Seng has also warned that from now on, if there are any Khasi who protect the authorities in any matter, the Seng will take strong action against those people.
They (Government) have issued (laws) now, and they will say take away (to use) the books.
“Earlier, during his four-day visit to Meghalaya, John Barla met with various religious leaders in the state.
The roads in all places, the water supply system received awards and many others.
“The voice of the people is the voice of God, the will of the people is the will of God, the power of the people is his power.
In 1992 it was renovated to meet the many demands and needs.
Here we understand who the contractor is.
Similarly, chemicals from plastics enter our food and other parts and cause many diseases.
He said that within five years, 600 illegal immigrants have lost their lives and these are citizens, traders and others while 10,000 illegal immigrants have paid the money demanded by them. rebel organization.
Therefore, here I will bring up some of the issues that have caused the decline of the Khasi culture, and those may be through:: The rympei iing are the sources and roots of the development of human beings. , including the actor itself.
Do we need to go abroad to develop our own State? We don't really need to.
Israel currently needs 10,000 workers and the reason is that it is too short of workers, especially in these days, when it is in the fight against Hamas.
Isaiah lived in the eighth century B.C.
Prestone said that during his meeting with the Minister of Power Ministry, RK Singh, he promised that the central government will release the funds. which it has to pay to MeECEL worth Rs 192 crore.
The MP said that although the Khasi have their own dictionary, it cannot be improved by suggesting to bring it online so that those who read outside the State can read it. English speakers can participate.
According to her, this happens only under the schemes of the Government of India such as the National Health Mission (NHM) and the involvement of the State Government.
He also urged the scooty drivers to respect each other as everyone is in a hurry to go to work or school but not to hit people.
The state security forces said that the jihadis could also enter Meghalaya as the state is close to Assam and is the route used by the militants to Bangladesh.
“For me as a citizen, this is an opportunity for me to prove the charge,” she said.
He said it was also discussed how the lower marks get higher, the higher marks lower and this should not be right and the government should fix this and hold a transparent election.
Don't say that the villagers can't get this disease anymore but they should follow the decisions of the government.
They also said that the shyrti and tree supply has not affected much, because only after a few years it has become a forest again.
Institute : the meaning of knowledge, learning, teaching is the lyngwiar phrang; knowledge is the power of understanding; read is the source of knowledge in the mind; teaching is not about sharing information with others.
However, if they have been able to identify and expose any of these activities, with proof through written documents received from the authorities in charge of any department, the public will not hesitate to provide a support not only verbally, but even to contribute to the expenses are ready provided that any work must reach success.
The forests are burning because of the excessive heat of the sun.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Dr Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the Assam Police should be arrested for the attack on the residents of Malangkona, West Khasi Hills District today.
The Minister has distributed Rs 1.5465 crore to eight Integrated Village Cooperative Societies (IVCS) for the Piggery Mission Phase
He went to school and studied only half of class II. According to him, when he went to school he didn't feel well and he got sick often.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Bah Lambor Malngiang, MDC who is also the Congress candidate from Nongkrem constituency, has urged the people of Nongkrem to allow him to become their MDC once again. cannot serve the constituency, unlike an MLA who serves outside the constituency.
Sylhet and the Assam Valley are rich in these types of soil.
The Election Department officials have been directed to follow the candidates wherever they go and listen to the speeches and record videos and send these videos to the District Election Department, he said. Sunil Kumar, Additional District Magistrate (finance & revenue).
When Prestone Tynsong left the Congress party, Dr Mukul Sangma used to say why Prestone Tynsong used to go to Calcutta every time to seek RTI. At that time, I don't think there was any difference if you went to Calcutta or Delhi, if you had any decision, you didn't need to consult with the High Command.
The Peace Treaty will last for three and a half years.
He said that from this year, T.25 crore will be allocated for the extension of the Special Central Assistance to the Tribal Sub Scheme (SCA to TSS) to the Meghalaya government for the purpose of development works.
The entrance fee is 2500 tyngka, the registration fee for each player is 30 tyngka and not less than 20 players and not more than 25 players.
She said that there may be some regret and misunderstanding from the group but the government will discuss better on this after the visit of the Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong. that he was still abroad.
Besides the heroin, two mobile phones and 2100 tyngka were also seized from Thathang Thouthang.
“Referring to the areas that belong to those inhabited by other ethnic groups, he said, “It depends on their knowledge, but I am a person who will not force or influence just for the sake of winning elections.
It is here that the father, mother, children and all members of the family participate in the priesthood of the faithful in a special way 'by receiving the sacraments, prayer, thanksgiving, testimony holiness, self-control, and mercy.
This may not be the case in all constituencies but there are places where the money power is very strong.
He said that so far 40 nurses and doctors have been infected with the disease and 2 have died.
It was in this election of 1957 that the ETU elected Bah Hoover Hynniewta as the first Khasi MP to the Lok Sabha through the symbol of Syiar Ryngkuh.
The family members also lodged a complaint against the BSF at Pynursla Police Station.
The union and the Rangbah Shnongs of Pangam Raliang will soon meet with the district authorities to put forward their demands and requests for the peace and development of the people in the area. protect the rights of the nation.
"He, perhaps, said that the party will look into all the issues and decide on the right candidates.
This is what gives the soil its red colour; and so most of the black soil is very fertile soil.
Rihok Tyngkan scored the first goal for Nangbah Mulang in the 72nd minute.
“First of all we have turned to the religious organizations because they have the necessary facilities or land and therefore we have asked them to submit proposals so that this project can be started immediately,” he said. said the Minister.
Speaking to reporters, Lambok Rymbai said that the reason why the party has banned the registration of citizens is because the party strongly opposes the registration of citizens. regarding this Aadhar registration, as many of the people in the District and especially the people in the rural areas have not yet received information on the Aadhar number.
Therefore, he encouraged the students not to be hopeless but to be hardworking and persevering students.
To drive a vehicle without knowing the traffic signals, without knowing how to build a road, and without understanding what it is, is an injury.
According to the latest news, the KHADC will convene a special session to pass the Bill after resolving the issues directed by the Governor.
Before the end of the match, Udanta Singh scored the last goal in the 81st minute to secure the victory.
Prestone said that a journalist of this newspaper had also spoken to the Chairman-cum-Managing Director of MeECL last night who said that there was no seizure of books. page of the Welfare Scheme.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 02: In order to bring about a clean environment in the village and to educate the people on the need to bring about a clean environment in the village, the Dorbar Shnong Pahamsyiem, Nongpoh It has decided to hold a public cleanliness drive with the participation of all the residents.
Joinbor Nongspung scored the first goal for Lawsohtun in the 9th minute of the first half and another goal in the 67th minute of the second half.
Bah Marbaniang said that those who come to teach now are only because they don't need another one, many of them are temporary teachers and when they get the opportunity elsewhere they resign from the job they teach and this affects them. education in the state as it is now.
They also decided to hold a hearing on the matter later with the participation of the district authorities from both West Jaintia and West Karbi Anglong.
Earlier, those who resigned were Bah Rowell Lyngdoh (Mawkyrwat), Prestone Tynsong (Pynursla), Coming One Ymbon (Raliang), Sniawbhalang Dhar (Nartiang), Ngaitlang Dhar (Umroi), AL Hek (Pynthorumkhrah), PN Syiem (Mawsynram). ), Sanbor Shullai (South Shillong),  Marthon Sangma (Mendipathar), Remington Pyngrope (Mawkynrew),  Saleng A Sangma (Gambegre), Hopeful Bamon (Sutnga-Saipung), Stephanson Mukhim (Amlarem), Robinus Syngkon (Mookaiaw), Justine Dkhar (Khliehriat), Michael T Sangma (Tikrikila), and Brigadier Marak (Bajengdoba).
Governments and public leaders in the State have not protected the land.
We should have the right to comment on the amendment of the Sixth Schedule which has contained six proposals,” he added.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that at a meeting to review the situation regarding the CoVid-19 pandemic, it has been decided that all shops in Shillong will be closed. to close at 7 pm.
The dirt road is bad to climb to the Mawthadraishan clearing.
The Learning Links Foundation provides education to children not only from their textbooks but also shapes the lives of children by providing other information that is not written or explained in their textbooks.
The purpose of this scheme is to provide lyer shet to the households of women falling below the poverty line and the government has set a target of providing lyer shet up to Rs 10 crore by
However, chemicals are dangerous, so farmers have to intensify their cultivation,” she said.
I don't remember how many days or hours we spent going to government offices to complain and ask for help,” he said.
Expressing that he has photographed with millions of people as a public leader, Conrad said, “I have met and talked and photographed with millions of people.
This should be done in all non-scientific laboratories and institutions responsible for the transformation of science into technology, safety and products and services.
Only 10 of them have not received a shiklur.
According to the Khasi new thought, the riti tangjait is exactly within the kur ka jait and should not be interfered with by others who are not descendants of the same lineage.
You have been awarded the Kynsai Kordor Khusnam 2023 for your great contribution to the field of Khasi music.
At the age of 22, Ronaldo was nominated for the Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year awards.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The High Court Meghalaya has suspended the order of the state government to close down the CMJ University, Shillong, on Tuesday.
The 1st Anniversary Celebration of the VO was attended by Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh as the Chief Guest, Bah Elfast Shadap Rangbah Shnong of Niangbari-lum, women leaders and many others.
A son of a rich man has stolen T.46 lakh from his father's safe and distributed it to his friends after Friendship Day.
This is after receiving a complaint regarding the increase in the price of rice and piat.
New Delhi: A court has remanded former Finance Minister UP Chidambaram in jail for 14 days till 19th November 2019 after the conclusion of the investigation. The CBI has arrested Chidambaram for two days in connection with the INX Media corruption case.
Because knowledge and wisdom is like a bridge to understand about diseases and how to fight and prevent them, and by doing so, we can eventually give a happy, healthy future to our children. their.
Even during the rainy season, the residents of the village have to walk through the footbridge, which has been cut off at any time. time and water is very dangerous especially for those who do not know how to swim.
I don't believe it, I don't think it will happen, people have been suffering from violence for almost 20 years, I don't believe they will support violence,” he said.
On the other hand, Sanjay Goyal, Chairman cum Managing Director of MeECL, explained the main aspects of the policy. The goal is to build electricity projects which can also be built through donors or in collaboration with the Government.
The tournament was opened by Bah Mawthoh (DSO East Khasi Hills District) and on the day of the opening ceremony, Er.
The ceremony will be held at Mynshem, Little Flower Higher Secondary School. Preparations are in full swing to hold this day, said Father Augustine Lamin, Rector of Joseph Nardini Seminary Ummulong.
So after that, my mother listened and started working.
More than 100 residents of the border areas participated in the rally. The rally was also accompanied by leaders of the RBYF, Sengkmie, HNYF, Northern Region and HYC. Umtyrnga Circle who held a rally to express their deep sorrow over the state government's decision to build a road from 13 mer to Killing, Ri Bhoi District.
The truck was driven by Laitmi Phawa of Madur West Jaintia Hills. Police of Jowai PS who were nearby immediately rescued the injured and arrested the driver. The body was taken to Jowai PS for further investigation.
We have the support of our leader,” she said in a statement.
There are rumors that Mangkara will get the PDF ticket from Umroi as he is a close friend of Jirang MLA Lambok Mylliemngap. These reports have caused signs of pain within the PDF party where it was reported that Umroi MDC Bah Arbinus has been in a state of shock to continue to campaign in the name of the PDF. It is learned that for this reason, the Umroi MDC has been talking from time to time with the PDF leaders to confirm the ticket.
There are also those who do not believe in the needs of people with disabilities when it comes to employment.
They entered the room of CEM Bah PN Syiem with a placard which has never happened before.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: After former CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Adelert Nongrum was arrested during the hunger strike, u Samla Goldy Warjri, who is also involved in the hunger strike, has decided to continue the hunger strike indefinitely.
“The issue between the railway and the ILP is different and the KSU demands the ILP first and after getting the ILP, we will discuss whether we oppose or accept the railway. ".
On the same day, the JHACSA leadership was also renewed and Johnson Pohrmen was elected as President, Norman Roy Blah as Vice President, Johnwin Lyngdoh as General Secretary, Sanju Tariang as Assistant Secretary. piece.
Lawrence Bishnoi has been accused of being a mastermind in the murder of Punjabi singer Sidhu Moose Wala.
He said that in 2006, the UGC had recognized NEHU as the best university but in 2020, in India as a whole the rank has dropped to 74%.
At the same time, the Chairman also distributed farming equipment and syrnot to the beneficiaries.
The judges included Ilasara Kharkongor, Charlie Lalthenmawia, Kethileno Kense Vehienuo, Kong S Marwein and James Owen Farreira.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Thadlaskein Unit led by the President of the Unit, Samla Conard R Sana, General Secretary Samla Sendmisaoo Phawa, in the presence of Assistant Finance Secretary, Samla Shaniahskem Dkhar and Publicity Secretary, Samla Sendmisaoo Phawa. Nartiang Circle, Juhhi Tariang, on Tuesday inspected the Industrial Training International (ITI) in Khliehtyrshi on the complaint of the students of ITI Khliehtyrshi to the union. practical/theoretical.
In this regard, a few hours after the news, Tamil Nadu police confirmed by saying that videos have been circulating on social media involving foreign workers from Bihar who have been arrested. Questions have been raised as to how the Chief Minister of Bihar has been involved in this widespread false news.
On this occasion, the TIPRA Motha leaders have also submitted a petition to the Governor of Meghalaya – Satyadeo Narain Arya to inform him of the problems faced by the indigenous people. meeting and also on measures related to the improvement of the working methods of the Tripura Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council (TTAADC).
In the past two months, the Taliban have seized parts of the country and now have no problem fighting for Herat and Kabul, where they used to run. US troops believe the Taliban could reach Kabul quickly to overthrow the government before the end of this year. , are still preparing to attack Kabul, which has been fighting against their rule, by bombing in June, killing 55 civilians. affair.
To date, 1,700 Palestinian civilians have been killed in Israeli attacks and 67 Israelis, including 64 soldiers, have been killed.
The District Magistrate said that the work has progressed and in 1-2 KM the stone has been cleaned and the painting has been completed.
"The education system in the state should be more specialized and have employment opportunities.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Adhoc Lower Primary School Association (AMALPSA) today expressed its concern that the teachers have been unable to meet with the Minister of Education. Lakmen Rymbui, although they tried to meet from time to time.
Shillong, July 01 : The Co Chairman of the SDRC, Bah Process T Sawkmie, has convened a meeting with the Engineers of the PHE Department and the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Mawiong Umjapung. Rangbah Shnong Herman Dohtdong to discuss the water supply scheme worth more than T.24 crore which he has received since he became MLA of Mawlai at the Committee Hall of the Secretariat, Shillong on Tuesday. May.
“I don't criticize the parties that were before the NPP, but you need to know that the NPP is doing the job and I have gone around the places and I have seen that there has been a lot of change,” she said. .
Therefore, it is necessary to be vigilant, especially the people of Mawmluh, Sohra before the government finally hands over or signs the Memorandum of Understanding with this company.
Therefore, parents want their children to listen to them, not to ask questions when they don't understand why their parents tell them how to be respectful, especially in front of them. people who are outside.
Therefore, my dear friends, it is in the same way that for us people who are living now in this world, who are living in such a difficult age, an age full of suffering, an age of There are many challenges, because all of us have to fight one battle and that is the battle of Corona Virus.
A book written by Rev. GP Lamin Gadew, entitled “Shibidi, the Traditional Ancestors of the Lamin, Diengdoh and Laloo Families” was read.
The first reporter learned that Pynursla Police Station has recovered a body from Laitlyngkot today and to confirm this, the OC of Pynursla Police Station has been phoned but the OC has said that it is not so. a woman who was ill and now her family has come to take her away.
The MDC urged the NPP-led state government to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam as soon as promised during the election campaign that the border is the top priority of the NPP party. The Executive EM in charge of Trade, Winning G Sungoh, said that the council will call another tender for the Dawki and Mookyndur Check Points after the tenderers did not have the necessary documents.
“This discussion on this issue is not to be discussed, discussed or discussed anywhere. If so, it is enough to have a Panel Discussion.
The music video will be released on the 26th of July, 2022, featuring Samla Founderland Umbah, Samla Wolder Pale, Sasmla Promica Lymphuid and others. Those who have participated in this music video include Pynwandur Pale, Repear Lymphuid, Banjari Khymdeit and Founderland Umbah.
“To look back, the tree bridges are indeed the heritage of our ancestors which are still famous today. The most famous tree bridges in the Bri u Hynniewtrep are the tree bridges at Nongriat, Mawlynnong-Nohwet, Kudengrim. , Mawkyrnot and others which we cannot name.
The delegation of 60 students and teachers from Uttar Pradesh under the leadership of Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University, Lucknow arrived in Meghalaya on 28th June.
At the same time, the government has announced that those who call for a curfew will be held responsible for any damage to property whether private or public and will be prosecuted under the law. Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Order Act in which they have to cover the losses.
The death toll is 10 from East Khasi Hills: 05, West Garo Hills: 03 and one each from West Jaintia Hills and South Garo Hills.
In the second leg, Lumsohskie beat Umkiang (Wakoh) 3-0
Therefore, according to the passage of time, the residents and the management of the school felt that there should be another Secondary School in order to make it easier for their children to go to school and to pursue education according to the advice.
However, the participation of the people of the country and the commitment of all in accepting and implementing the message of zero tolerance against corruption should be an integral part of all these measures.
Shillong, July 20 : The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) will hold the 4th Shillong 10k Run as part of the Olympic Day celebrations on July 24,
The Vatican Charter of the Rights of the Family (1983) clearly states this responsibility of Catholic families.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi has approved two candidates of the party for the Ranikor and South Tura elections to be held on 23rd July
G Nigam scored for Gokulam in the 43rd minute before the break, A German in the 56th minute and S Rajesh in the 66th minute.
“If as a state we put education as one of the most important issues, we need to do many things to improve the quality of education,” said Father Richard.
Speaking on the proposal to give a district to Sohra, Allan said that the Sohra district itself is not too late and at least before Christmas, to give as a Christmas gift.
Therefore, if we leave them alone without guidance for the future, it will be a loss to the state and the country as a whole.
The mistranslation of the newspapers has often misled the public and confused them.
When I look at these characteristics of our Khasi rangbah, he really deserves to be praised in the world, because with a pure heart, he works hard in his mother's house or in his friend's house without any expectation. There is no way for him to receive anything in return, but only to live well and to be able to prosper in his family.
It is a time of God's wrath.
The awarding ceremony was held by the Pahamlapong and Pahamsohthri Youth Associations, which honored 14 students who passed the HSSLC and SSLC while in Tyrso, Tyrso Nongtyllep. and who were able to honor 8 youths from the same village.
However, on the same day, a group of farmers led by Bah Kanang Lynshiang, who won the 2023 MLA election from Mawkynrew against the MLA of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and the Minister of Agriculture, The same decision was taken to release the fertilizer, but the meeting convened by Bah Tynsong, also decided to implement along with the subsidy, in which the government will pay half and the farmers shall pay half the price of fertilizer.
On Live! Nongpoh: U Samla Ajit Makri, President of HANM Byrnihat Circle, on Tuesday warned against those syiar vendors in Byrnihat Market, for their illegal behaviour, which spread in the market and NH-6 road in Byrnihat.
In these days, many successful prayers have appeared as you can see on the youtube channel.
" Bahnah answered. So Riia took him to the shop.
The Mawlai Town Running Association (ETA) and the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (ETA) have staged a rally in Motphran to protest against the allocation of stand space for them. Commercial vehicles from Jaïaw, Lawmali, Mawlai Mawtawar and Polo on the road opposite Jaïaw Stadium which is parked with Auto Mawlai, due to the traffic jam in this area.
The Union Home Minister Amit Shah has announced that he will visit Assam on the 25th of this month. During his visit, the Minister will take part in several programs related to measures to improve the economic development of the state.
II.BECAUSE WOMEN ARE THE HEAD OF THE JAIT/KA SKHER :This is also one of the reasons why women should understand that they should immediately avoid unclean marriage and to know themselves as the heads of the family. the kind of skher, the kur of the kind.
Although most of the households cultivate rice, Khaw lajong is only available for 6 or 7 months due to the lack of land.
Nongstoiñ: Hundreds of byrni of piat which should have been distributed to the residents of Nongstoiñ area through the Food Supply Department have been found to have been destroyed and only a few byrni which should have been distributed to the residents. .
The worldwide need for petrol has been a true witness to the present times.
In 1911, Lowel Gatphoh, an Evangelist from Jowai, came to Nangbah, a village about 13 km from Jowai, to preach the gospel to the residents of this village. Lowel Gatphoh who taught the gospel and introduced the foundation of the Church of England or Anglican Church in several households in this village and was able to establish a church in this village on the 28th. In November, the church was consecrated by Bishop Afredlefroy, Bishop of the Diocese of Calcutta, and was renamed St. Mary's Church.
In this regard, there will be a torch relay for three days in three districts of Shillong, Jowai and Tura.
The High Court on 22nd June refused to extend the case and directed the court of the Judicial Magistrate First Class, East Khasi Hills to hear the case.
D.) in Chemistry, from North-Eastern Hill University on the theme of “Development of New Methods for the Synthesis of Organic Compounds Using Selenium Dioxide” under the supervision of Prof.B. Myrrh.
The country's leader, Kim Jong Un, has admitted that in the days ahead, it will be very difficult to get enough food.
Hundreds of people have come out to take part in this rally to express their sorrow when such incidents happen and this may be due to the lack of attention of MeECL. the work you must do.
The invitation is also from some of the jngi unions in the state especially those unions or groups which have been able to raise children who have become more prominent, but there are also other unions, whom the MSA has not been able to call, from whom it cannot be avoided.
Also present on the occasion were the Judges of the High Court, Meghalaya, Vice Chancellor of the National Law University, Meghalaya, Professor Indrajit Dube, Secretary of the Law Department, Bah Cyril V. Diengdoh and Member Secretary of the National Law Department, Meghalaya. Township Development Agency to Bah E.Kharmalki.
“We have been waiting for many hours as a sign of respect for the Prime Minister to declare Sohra as a District, but it has been in vain,” said others.
As we know, plastics are produced and used in various sizes ranging from small, thick, thick and other sizes.
He said that many generations of Mawkhar residents, various committees and groups have worked hard to maintain the village in dignity and therefore, they are against allowing the RAM. to hold a meeting on the border of Mawkhar.
“In the course of time, these things will change,” said Banrilang.
Speaking to media, Dondi Khongsit said that after the union found that the two garbage dumps in Marten, have already been installed, but the government has not yet been able to implement the garbage dumps. these are the corners of the night.
Shillong, Nailar 31 : The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has urged the state government to immediately resolve the long-standing dispute between the Vice Chancellor of NEHU and the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA). implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP)
Shilla Bishnab felt fortunate to be able to ask questions from the Prime Minister, Modi and was pleased with the answer she received.
Second, many countries are scrambling to maintain health spending patterns similar to those of pre-pandemic times.
The talks between Russia and China have prompted Western countries to become more vigilant and concerned, as they believe that China will be able to supply these weapons. Russia needs it and this will pave the way for the war, which is intensifying in Ukraine and could spread to other Western countries.
The MDC of Sohiong also criticized the CEM of KHADC for three times a year and said, “If you don't raise three times, the sky will not shine”. He said that Bah Pynshngain is the fourth CEM in a year and he hopes that under his leadership all the work of the District Council will go smoothly.
Furthermore, JSU Mihmyntdu has lodged a complaint with the Assistant Executive Engineer (MeECL), Jowai Distributor Sub-Division to replace the electricity post at Mihmyntdu Moowamon.
The arrival of the HYC at this place was also seen as a surprise and the police were surprised to see these leaders at this place.
On the occasion of the 100th Anniversary of the Ktiews Trust, the Ktiews Trust has recalled its contribution to the hospital which has provided services to the people of the state. supported by a financial assistance of 2 crore tyngka.
Furthermore, Schlesinger says that it is the nature of man.
“The decision of the Boundary Commissioners and the explanation of the boundary between Kamrup and the United Khasi Hills District was made public in Notification No. 1430 dated 14 September
However, only Shahin Alone (21 runs) and Darnell Sangma (11 runs) managed to score 43 runs for the sixth wicket.
It is also advised to avoid standing near streams, rivers and valleys.
By receiving consensus on geo-political issues in the New Delhi Leaders Declaration of the recent G20 Summit, India has shown that it is a powerful speaker. in these days.
Babu Will was happy in his childhood.
Dr Mukul also accused Purno of being a man who doesn't care about his own children but only about himself (because he married Agatha).
The app has been piloted in Umlong Block in Ri Bhoi District and the money due has been released to the ASHA workers through this app within 5 days from the date of release of salary.
Jowai, Nailar 11: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. .
"“In the process of serving the party, I have been dedicated to the party, but I am surprised that even though I have worked hard for four years, there is no one, there is nothing, on the road. “I urge all my friends and supporters not to vote for me,” said Bah Michael. “I urge all my friends and supporters not to vote for me. for I am with you always, and I will tell you to keep on the watch.
Even if you are sure to win the cases, you are still afraid in court, especially for the first time, because you don't know what will happen.
Supporting the Motion, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, MLA Nongstoiñ, said that the reason for the involvement of the youth in drug abuse is due to unemployment, lack of knowledge and understanding of the dangers of drugs. They follow their friends, the instability of their families, their discouragement and others.
Before the holding of these three mid-term elections, the NPP, for a while, seemed to have begun to lose its strength, after the political parties on the other side, The party's secret activities, such as the allegation of illegal mining and trading of coal, the allegation of corruption in the Meghalaya Electric Corporation Ltd, the salary delay in the payment of teachers, the allegation of The involvement of the members of this party in the attacks on those who came forward to expose the party's activities and so on.
“We have already announced Vijay Kumar Choudhary as the leader of the JD(U) in the House.
Therefore, the RBDSA invites all sports clubs to join the RBDSA as recognized clubs, said Bah Shadap.
Jowai, Naiwieng 26: Isawanda Laloo, IAS, Electoral Roll Observer today arrived in Jowai to hold a meeting with the Election Officers and leaders of political parties in the field of elections. and the smooth running of the preparation of Electoral Rolls relating to the registration, registration or relocation and others within the West Jaintia Hills District.
Phrangki Buam scored the third goal for Lajong followed by Mahesh in the 88th minute and Phrangki Buam in the 90th minute. +2.
Queen Elizabeth breathed her last at Balmoral Castle in Scotland on 8th November.
“I want to buy a ticket for QR 35,” said Rao, who works at Qatar University.
Mizoram, which is top of the group, has 9 points from all three games.
The incident happened at 9 pm during the earthquake and heavy rainfall in the area.
According to the Superintendent of Police (City), Bah Vivek Syiem, the killers have been identified, three of whom were arrested on 1st June and one on 2nd June.
After the incident, the man rushed to the village to call for help and after examining the body, it belonged to an 11-year-old girl. The death of the child has also shown that she was killed by the enemy.
Therefore, we understand that this area has many blessings that the Mother of God has given us.
“Who are you?” asked Dr. Mukul.
To address the priority problems1.
However, despite these difficulties, the office bearers of this synjuk have not given up and continue to serve the cause of developing talented young people and promoting them to the ranks. won 'Professional Boxing'.
Shillong, July 72: The Congress has released the names of the candidates for the MDC elections to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) scheduled for 24th June.
Gambhir has also pleaded guilty to Level 2 violation under Article 2.21 of the IPL's Code of Conduct.
People will not be allowed to take pigs out of the house whether they are alive or dead from African Swine Fever.
In the past six months, the employees of JHADC have staged three strikes to request the government and the authorities to release their salaries. .
Jowai, Lber 28: The Myntdu Farmers Welfare and Producer Organization (MPFPO), an association of rice farmers, jhur farmers and farmers in Myntdu Pynthorneiñ on the 26th of this month distributed rice seeds. CAU R-1 which has been increased by the farmers who have been cultivating it since
“About 2-3 packages of contractors who have been awarded the construction of the Shillong-Pynursla-Dawki road have been delayed.
Mr.Grimlang Dkhar (8).
All these plates are the rooms of Ri Blai to fulfill while the kiwi fruit is fulfilled by the hands of the children.
Sd/- Sd/-Sd/-.
However, because it was not enough, Jesus, as the Lord of the Sabbath, broke this Sabbath law which the Jews still observe and worship on this day because it is written in the Old Testament that it is not permissible to do it is not this Sabbath.
“Our people don't have a house of worship but the house of worship is in the house of my mother,” said Bah Kwor. he counted the count.
FKJGP Lai Lyngdoh Unit has submitted a petition to the Executive Engineer of PWD (R) Nongstoin Division, West Khasi Hills demanding immediate action on the condition of this road, which connects the area with Nongstoin.
On my part, I am very sorry to see the misleading articles especially the names of Khasi villages.
Therefore, we don't see that the BJP will listen to other political parties under the banner of the NDA. For example, the NPP. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and even Prime Minister Amit Shah, the BJP has not forgiven the NPP for its election campaign for several months now.
But they didn't get any help.
“I am sending this letter to you to demand the rights of the two deceased and their relatives and all the sons and daughters of Meghalaya who have been discriminated against on one side just because they do not belong to the same ethnic group. he paid.
Why do the people of Songsak vote for a foreigner?
The Minister directed the PWD department to work hard to complete the roads as soon as possible so that the traffic of the people will be easy.
It is now understood that Himesh has recorded several songs and paid her about Rs 6.7 lakh for each song.
“This incident which happened today in Tura, outside the CM Secretariat and the office of the Commissioner of Divisions is sad.
In Shillong and surrounding areas, there will be heavy rainfall.
In West Garo Hills District, 12 cases include four army personnel and eight health workers from Holy Cross Hospital Tura.
Shillong, Jymmang 10 : U Chairman of the AITC and former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday denied the rumors that he has a talk. Dr. Mukul said that Bah Hek has also urged the leaders of the party to merge with the BJP. The AITC should not ensure that the MDA government led by the NPP should no longer come to power in the state.
Members of Yuva Tourism Clubs also participated in the B20 Summit of the G20 in Aizawl, Mizoram.
Finally, she received her mother's household along with other property from her brothers.
“Many of the policies and programs of the Government are aimed at the youth to get a strong policy which is important for our youth,” he said.
Another NSCN member who escaped from jail on Tuesday was identified as Titpu Kitniya of Kharsang, Changlang district.
He said that all the groups will have to work together for the speed and success of the peace process.
The awards will be presented to the winners on the occasion of Republic Day in the state.
Nangbah Mulang and Khimusniang drew 1-1 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
Khyndai Lad, in the evening, is very busy due to the presence of people who used to live in prostitution.
The MLA said that the construction work has not been properly supervised by the relevant authorities and there have been many construction works along the roads which have caused accidents and other tragic incidents.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The Soil and Water Conservation Department of the State Government has held a meeting with Self Help Groups at the State Convention Center to explain the benefits of the Scheme. Yojana on Tuesday in which SHGs from all over the country participated.
Modi said the government will continue to provide drinking water to every household.
Referring to the BUILD programme, the Minister said that Meghalaya is very strong in Village Authorities and Village Authorities have a variety of roles in the society.
This increase is according to the accepted figures, which are based on the recommendations of the 7th Central Pay Commission.
“The HSPDP has expressed its opposition to the CAB since the introduction of the CAB in 2016 and in 2019 the HSPDP has continued to oppose the CAB by standing together in protest. “It has also sent a letter to the Prime Minister of India to oppose,” said Pangniang.
Speaking at the foundation stone laying ceremony for the launch of the 9 crore tyngka water supply scheme at Thynroit village on 14th July, 2023, the day of his 46th birthday, Bah Banteidor said that In the past, the Ministers in charge of the Ministry of Agriculture were Garo so there was no discussion.
The lack of transportation services is one of the causes that makes it difficult and affects the lives of people with disabilities in their daily lives.
The girls were accommodated at the BDO's office while the boys were accommodated at the PHC and many of the children came from rural areas from poor families.
Marshall Marwein, u Bah Marshall Marwein, was buried alive in the grave on Saturday and has not been found after 9 hours of searching.
“We should have changed our minds as mentioned by BL Santosh National General Secretary who advised us to change our minds to win more votes and increase the number of supporters,” he said.
If our country will continue to grow stronger in prayers and supplications, God will never forsake it.
However, it is surprising how the KJBWA has banned the people from eating beef by banning the tied of beef from the beef market in Khanapara, Ri Bhoi District which has affected other districts. While this Union has not worked well in the whole of Ri Khasi Jaintia and does not receive support from other districts, but they use Sengbhalang groups and move to other districts.
Because now the enemies have watched over the land of Israel – “The eye of God” Zechariah 2:8
He was also selected for the Indian swimming team for the World School Games before the outbreak of the pandemic.
On the other hand, the Minister said that such a meeting, besides the exhibition on the status of the Kochs in the past few days, is also an encouragement for the exchange of information regarding the Kochs. and raise awareness of the various cultures in the state.
According to information received from the Deputy Commissioner South West Khasi Hills, the DC's office has sent a proposal and request from the Revenue and Disaster Management Department for T.92,61,600 for the 2721 households. households affected by the natural disasters in 2016 and 2017 It was also found that there are 1044 households who need assistance and the DC's office has requested T.34,53,600 tyngka for these. The government has not yet allocated any funds to these 3765 households.
Nongpoh, Lber 20: Taking into account the complaint of the residents of Killing area, regarding the collapse and pum pum of the Killing road, which has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the area, on Saturday. Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Killing Unit and Umtyrnga Circle, last year, conducted a visit to inspect the movement of hundreds of vehicles per day, which carry stones and soil for the purpose of I don't know if it's true or not.
Shillong, Nailar 10: At the public meeting held at Saitsohpen, Sohra today to protest against the government's forced land acquisition in Saitsohpen, no public leaders were present. It is also seen that the Sengbhalang except the Seng Samla from the same Elaka will participate.
The Shillong Bye-pass from Damsite to Jowai has caused a lot of traffic jam in Shillong especially for freight vehicles.
Speaking on the occasion, HYC President Bah Roykupar Synrem recalled the great deeds of Myllung Soso Tham for the sake of the nation.
David Kharsati said that in the last election in Gujarat, the Congress tried as much as it could to raise money and the goal was to defeat the BJP but it failed.
The chief guest at the function was Bah Fredrick Kharkongor, IAS Officer, State.
In this rule, the NMC has made it clear regarding the issuance of licenses to those who have completed MBBS to practice as doctors.
“We have been monitoring this road from time to time and after monitoring, it was reported that the repair of this road from MMR Road to Jareibasai, has not come to complete and we have informed the office and “I have told our leader (Sosthenes Sohtun) that they have tried to get the maintenance back from the company called Agarwal to come and work now,” said Ambrose.
Most of the people who attended the meeting were from Lyngngam areas like Nongjri and Shahlang and most of those who attended were from the Khasi and Garo villages.
India is currently followed by Brazil with 15 lakh cases and the US with 28 lakh cases.
Incentives for ASHA workers and assistants have also been increased.
He said that the Minister has said that this issue will be taken up at the Cabinet meeting for the purpose of setting the right price especially for the indigenous people who own land.
In the fourth match, Madanrting beat Sohryngkham Sports Club 2-1 at 2.30 pm.
Shillong: U RN Ravi, Governor of Nagaland, today took oath as the Governor of Meghalaya.
I wish I didn't need these vehicles to travel either for work or for work.
Police from Lumdingjri Police Station have rushed to the scene to investigate how the fire broke out after someone poured water from a tin. this is what you got.
Mawpat Shillong-12What we are experiencing in these days is bad days.
We want to ensure that there will be a clean and transparent process,” said CEM of KHADC Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
Shillong, November 1: In the past three months, the government through the law enforcement agencies has been searching to arrest the leaders of the Sengbhalang, who have protested against the ILP. The leaders of the party have been involved in these three months because they have avoided being arrested.
As part of the programme, students of Class XII from two schools including Jail Road Govt.
Shillong, Lber 17 : The delay of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders in Delhi to announce the candidates for the election in Meghalaya has caused the BJP to lose heart. The BJP leaders and supporters have not been able to go anywhere to campaign for the election because they do not know who will get the ticket or become the party's candidate whether here in Shillong or Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
He told the soldiers that if they wanted to end his life they should kill him immediately and the soldiers did so and cut off his head and put it on the ground. on the stone.
They also suggested that when issuing Trading License, the KHADC should also amend the rules that any entrepreneur or company that has issued a Trading License should be employed by the state residents in the field of employment. work.
Kishan Lyngdoh, captain of the team, broke the record by scoring 268 runs to become the first cricketer from Meghalaya to score 200 runs in the Ranji Trophy on the first day of the match against India. Arunachal Pradesh.
During the inspection, the Minister of Education decided to open the Boys' Hostel and the Women's Hostel in July 2019 and promised to relocate the Higher Secondary School. Section will be held in June 2019, at Mynthong, Jowai.
“In this regard, I request you Lamphang to extend the session from 2.30 pm to 4 pm every day,” he said.
that the heathen may know that I am the LORD, the Holy One in Israel.
After these choirs, Rev.P.W.Makdoh gave a sermon from the Word of God.
The District Magistrate has also banned the movement from one state to another, the gathering of people, the opening of supermarkets, border markets, cinemas, bars, schools and sports grounds. , churches and it is also prohibited to walk without masks, to drink alcohol, to smoke, to eat kwai and those over 65 years old are also prohibited from walking outside with children under 10 years old. The rules apply from 5am to 10pm.
Shillong: The meeting of the owners and drivers of commercial vehicles held on the 1st February 2020 at Kynton Football Ground, Ladnongkrem was attended by about 10 people. 200 participants including Leaders of various Vehicle Associations, Local Taxi Leaders, City Bus Syndicate Shillong, Bazar Bus Association, Tourist Permit, Sumo Association, Indica-Swift Dezire Association, Tourist Taxis as well as car owners.
Because children are the future of society, they can be ready to help their brothers, sisters, friends or anyone who is being bullied or who does not have an understanding of the law of children. children under 18 years of age.
Therefore, the Supply Office has taken action and done the necessary and has already tested the rice, so that the people will not have any doubt about eating or cooking. to the khaw.
Neighbors from Marbisu Mawknan and Mawngap Dukan villages conducted a search operation for the child but Saralinda fled the scene.
After the search of the body of the youth, the police also found a ksai juti, a mask and a copy page written Phiban Sun along with the phone number. The floods that occurred on Tuesday night in the Teesta River in Sikkim.
On the Deputy Commissioner's enforcement of the order by ordering the people to return home after 10 pm, Bah Paul said, “How can you encourage entrepreneurs from the state who are looking forward? If you are looking for accommodation at 10 pm and you don't get food, do you tell them to wait until you get food? sha step?"U Bah Paul, who is also the Minister of Social Welfare, said, “In fact, everything has started to slow down in Shillong if you look at the arrests of the police and the arrest of those involved. in the drug and other drug businesses.
Initially I decided to contest from the BJP, but I saw that the people in this party are not fair in their working methods, so this led me to contest as Iborina's candidate was elected.
It is understood that from 1st March, they will hold a railway strike, which has not been scheduled to end.
He cannot go to the polls himself, he does not have any public meetings and he does not have money to give to the voters, but the people gather themselves and contribute to each other and to the struggle. He won with Akhil Gogoi, who is now the MLA of Sivasagar.
He said that the Khasi residents are hardworking and understanding, and they understand and help the members of the HNLC because they know the reason. Why did you go to Bangladesh?
The railway line between Budhnai and Mendipathar was inaugurated by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi in
On the other hand, the Syiem of Raid Marwet, denied the allegation that he issued a Sanad to a non-Khasi, but admitted that he had sent a letter to the Hima Mylliem, just to “It is not necessary to confirm this person as the Rangbah Shnong of Umsen,” said Bah P.Marsing.
“On the decision we have taken to be alone, it is because we cannot be independent, if we synrop together we will not be independent and we cannot be independent,” he said.
The closing ceremony was attended by the MLA of the area, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui who is also the Minister of the MDA. When we turn to the sports industry, as we know that the Government of Meghalaya is preparing to host the National Games in 2022, through this tournament all the regions of our state will have their own. children who have their own skills.
If you have any questions regarding the distribution of foodgrains, please contact the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District or call the following numbers: They can also appeal to the District Grievance Officer of East Jaintia Hills District, said the statement.
He joined the club in Kolkata shortly after joining the Sports Authority of India (SA) as coach/technical director where he joined in the middle of the season last year.
As witnessed, the heroin was smuggled from across the border through pipelines, which was under surveillance.
Shillong: About 1403 youths from Karnataka today arrived by train provided by the government.
“Even the poet Soso Tham used Pnar words in his poetry,” said Bah Mohrmen and added that this will enrich the Khasi language.
Thaura Nampui (40+1) and Dawanlang Laloo (41) scored for Newhill while Slim Marboh (69) scored for Mookaswan.
Lebanon finished second, after Vanuatu beat Mongolia 1-0 in the same match.
It is worth mentioning that on Saturday, the DC's office together with officials from the Shillong Municipal Board and the office of the Syiem of Mylliem conducted an inspection of the bridge and ordered the market dwellers to they should leave the area and if they continue to live on the bridge they will take responsibility if anything happens.
The club has its headquarters and training center at Mustem, West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, November 13 : U MLA of South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai today inspected the site for the construction of a 10 bed Urban Primary Health Center (UPHC) at a cost of Rs 4.99 crore. Lurching.
The CSWO in a letter of complaint to the DFO said that Ma Ngait had cut down all the trees in the area.
After this, the Waheh Chnongs and caregivers of the children distributed the items to these children.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Minister said, “There are parts of the road especially before reaching Dawki which are very bad, so we have to act quickly so that the repair of the phase – 4 that it will start sooner.
“The lack of venues has led the association to take away the mats of the judo players for the purpose of preparing for Wushu,” he added.
Shillong: The Rongbiria Seng Anniversary Committee of the Seng Khasi, Mawkhar has announced that the Rongbiria Seng Anniversary of the Seng Khasi, Mawkhar will be held on Friday, 18th November, 2018 from 9 pm at Madan Polo, Mawkhar. 2nd Ground.
The former CEM of KHADC said that they want to get the voice of the experts on the Ordinance implemented by the government.
“Anyway, we will connect 50 to 100 places with bridges that can allow vehicles and people to pass through so that the people can escape from the problems during the rainy season,” said the Chief Minister.
Of course we have problems but if Meghalaya is left behind, it will not be pleasant”.
“As appointed as the leader of this committee, I urge through the media, that if anyone among the people who have lived and lived together in this blood of the fire, if I request them to come forward and tell me the reason why they have done this, because according to the religion, this will destroy this holy mountain. “We as a committee have to go through the rituals to clean up and cleanse once again the altar on this sacred hill of the jaidbynriew,” said Bah DL Nongbri.
In the year 2014, July T.28.22 lakh, June T.30.74 lakh, October T.33.12 lakh, June T.33.12 lakh.
ACHIK said that 13 posts have been allocated for Garo but in fact there are only 2 posts while ACHIK has misunderstood that just because 13 posts have been called for interview, they think they are “I urge the ACHIK leaders to get information before speaking because it is a fiery speech,” he said.
He said that the Thoh ka Pule is the best stieh for the nation.
After these TMC employees and leaders arrived at the scene, the HNYF was surprised to learn that this is a company working for the Trinamool Congress (TMC).
The ancient calendar can be found at Twahlongwa, a ghost village east of Weiloi on the ancient footpath from Weiloi to Mawsynram.
The HITO said that the opening of the market has also violated Sections 47 to 56 of the Transport of Animals Rules 1978, and therefore punishment should be taken according to the law.
When asked whether he is ready to contest if the party is ready, he said, “I personally after being appointed as an MLA, as a Minister and as an MDC, these are the three posts that very heavy and I wouldn't mind going on".
When asked about the misuse of funds allocated for the fight against COVID-19, Dr War denied all the allegations and said that in his 30 years of service, he has money by working hard.
The new office bearers include Darihun Marbaniang and Moromi Marak as Vice Presidents, Dakaniwan Shullai, Matilda Kharbuki and Grace Lanong as General Secretary, Sarlinda Kharbuki and Soma Roy as Secretaries. Rilaakor Syiemlieh as Treasurer, Lolita Kharpor as Adviser and Danna Hynniewta as Media Coordinator.
Therefore, once again I call upon you dear farmers of the state to stand together so that these demands will be met and especially the illegal kilo cutting will disappear and if we have to hold strong protests we will must be ready.
Kharge's election came after the party held elections on the 17th of this month and the counting of votes took place today, the 19th. Former Union Minister and MP Shashi Taroor are the leading contenders for the post of party leader.
Before fighting against the Dkhars, why don't you fight against the KHADC which has cleansed you and allowed the Dkhars to own our country through the Khasi Custom and Lineage Act? If you really love the nation, you should have stood up against this new thlen who is slowly drinking your blood.
Speaking on the occasion, Nehäŋ Simmte said that the purpose of their visit to the village is because the Government of India through the Ministry of DoNER has launched a Pilot Project with the aim of looking after all. health, water supply, education, adequate food, employment and others.
They want the citizens to be the same so that they can continue to take advantage.
The truth of the world is expressed through the snap of mankind.
Shillong, July 16: U Lalrofel Dernong, 18, of Dongpata, Madanrting, Shillong, on Saturday at 7 pm, was arrested.
“The rich are getting richer, and the poor are getting poorer.
Meghalaya will hold elections to elect new leaders on the 27th of this month.
In the notice, MUDA has directed Kong Rabon to submit her reply by 15th March otherwise she will demolish the house.
During the protest, only 2 or 3 days were given to these wine stores to close down and Kong Ranee promised to send police to the area to wait. night so that nothing untoward happens.
Ernest said this while criticizing the statement by the BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah AL Hek, that there is an intention to remove Bah Ernest as President of the BJP in Meghalaya.
Aizawl: Following the request of many departments and church groups in Mizoram, they have prayed that the power of God will change the date of polling day in Mizoram after the polling was held on the 7th. November 23, 2023.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Sngi Dkhar, President of the VO, said that in the past years, the VO has been celebrating this day by planting trees inside the village. but this time they decided to hold a cleanliness drive.
Five fire engines have arrived to extinguish the blaze.
Meanwhile, UDF Secretary Charles Marngar denied that the Congress does not have enough people to give the leadership post to an independent MDC but admitted that it is the understanding of all the MDCs. “We have arranged together, we see that Bah Latiplang has a lot of knowledge, we have confidence as one of the oldest MDCs,” said Bah Charles.
The signatures of MB Rymbai appear in the Cash Book Register and the seizure of Rs 31.50 lakh in the name of Shemki Rymbai and 19 others.
Shillong, Nailar 22: A woman named Iadalin Khonglam, resident of Urksew, Pynursla, has escaped from the hands of her first husband who tried to kill her with a knife. They broke into my house on the night of the 18th of this month.
NESO also wants the Inner Line Permit to be implemented in the entire North East and to repeal the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) special education for the North East and special recognition, through the Constitution, for the North East, where they will have the right to own land and natural resources.
" asked Kmie.
“The North East is the hub of football and is like a home for the development of players.
Factory workers in EPIP Byrnihat and Industrial estates.13.
The KSU invites all the candidates to send their Self Attested, Admit Card and Residential Certificate on or before 28th November through the following WhatsApp numbers. : 7308678092, HSSLC: 9436948016, Graduate: 8974403038, Post Graduate: 6909089748, Ph.
“We have already suspended the teacher who passed the examination and we have also sought a report from the officer in charge of the centre,” said the Joint Director.
In India, the platform of services to meet these needs is multi-layered and there are various platforms for seeds, fertilizers, pesticides and agricultural implements promoting their needs.
The colleges that participated were Seng Khasi College, St Edmunds College, St. Mary's College, Shillong Commerce, Synod College and Lady Keane College.
“Therefore, we request all Hills State Volunteers from Khasi and Jaintia Hills to submit their names by telephone or text on WhatsApp on these numbers – 8259892815 or
Bah Ricky Marwein was abducted on 8th November 2017 from his residence in Umsur.
According to reports, a policeman who tried to open the mouth of Singh to take the money was stabbed in the finger.
He said Meghalaya has become one of the states with the highest number of politicians to be appointed in government departments.
Joplin Dkhar, 64, resident of Nongkseh, Shillong.
On the other hand, the NPP through its speakers said that the word High Level was brought from the north of India by the Congress party.
The next match for Lajong will be on 29th June against East Bengal FC Reserve at the MFA Turf, Polo Ground at 2 pm.
There are some who can repair and make bilor baf ki pla but many others who cannot do anything else.
If I hadn't gone to Iewduh, I would have made a mistake,” said the Syrpai.
They are:-1) THE BEGINNING OF THE ENVIRONMENT:- Let us see from Gen.1:2,3 that God first created the environment which is day and night.
The group of booksellers said that the outbreak of COVID-19 has affected their income and they are still struggling to get rid of this impact on their income and if implemented The change in the syllabus will affect you.
Two cases have recovered from East Khasi Hills.
After discovering the incident, the KSU yesterday summoned about 10 exporters from the Majai area.
There are 13 Rots in the Raij Jowai as well as the Seiñ Ummulong, the Khasi Seng Kmie.
This year's preparation period is only 4 years, but 2019 has already passed 8 months, only 4 months remain.
Another difficulty in fighting against Hijira is that he is very strong despite having turned into a woman and is not prepared for this purpose, while Mohun is slow with this. it made it difficult for him to fight against this man and woman.
“When the tender was released, the department invited the company and completed all the works and later the work was awarded with certain conditions before issuing the final work order.
I request those who have contacted me in the past few days to quarantine themselves and get tested,” Rajnath Singh said in a tweet.
Tura, July 17 : Three children aged 8-10 years old who have been informed by their relatives to the police have gone missing since last night in Chibinang area, West Garo Hills. Police have found that they have nothing but they are in a house in another village because last night they were drowned in the floods. It rained heavily and the sky became dark so they stayed overnight at the house of a friend who was preaching at night to play together.
The Minister said that when you look closely at the farmland where fertilizers are used, the ngap is not found, but it is found in the farmland where the farmland is traditional farming like War.
The three organizations were led by Shivpal Choudhury, President and Secretary of ANETA Navinder Birdar, leaders of East Jaintia Hills Drivers Association led by Lambor DKhar and AJCCTA led by Balen Thubru. , President and Kyrshan Dkhar as Secretary.
“We will meet to discuss their response tonight or tomorrow,” said the UDP president. Paul and Teiborlang have decided to support the Executive Committee led by UDP. Bah Latiplang after more than two months of KHADC has been in turmoil which continues today after the removal of Bah Teinwel Dkhar as CEM. 24 hours after the party requested to support the UDF.Shillong: The CoMSO has unanimously decided that it is necessary for the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep to unite against the The Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 and to demand the implementation of the ILP in the State.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Sirdar of the Elaka, Bah PS Khongbeh, said that according to the news, there is a plan to upgrade the Civil Sub-Division Sohra to the district status which will include Shella and Sohra. constituency.
At the same time, he criticized the government for delaying the implementation of the Sports Policy in the state.
Kong Diklang Dkhar (Brother).
For this purpose, churches can hold multiple church services on any given day.
He said that the introduction of this bill at such a time means to remove the power of the incumbent CEM by some leaders from the party.
The defeat of Martin M Dango in the Ranikor bye election by Pius Marwein of the UDP will put pressure on the two parties.
According to information received, the incident happened at 4 pm this evening when a woman identified as Kong Cleris Nongsiej (37) resident of Umtrew village was shot dead by her husband. A truck number JH 05 CX 4295 was hit by a truck bearing the number JH 05 CX 4295 after it collided with another truck.
Bah Syiem, Chairman, said that according to the discussion, there is an urgent need to get a machine to burn the biological waste from the Corona Care Centres. Incinerator machine to burn garbage at Nongpoh Civil Hospital, moreover, to increase the number of vehicles 108 so that 8 Rapid Response Teams can expedite to pick up those who have been infected with COVID-1 19.
The new election law allows the Aadhaar number to be linked to the voter ID of Indian citizens.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6 : U Bah Teinwell Dkhar, MDC of Shella Constituency, has decided not to contest the upcoming MDC elections due to poor health.
The Seng urges the police to investigate thoroughly into this incident to find out the exact reasons why these criminals have taken the life of this Rangbah and also urges the Government. and to the leaders to take measures to protect the lives of the citizens of the State from such incidents which have happened here in the country.
“In one incident at Jail Road Raj Tilak Hotel, last month, a person under quarantine at the hotel went out to buy soh and two government employees at the hotel who live in Jaiaw. I have been diagnosed with COVID-19,” he said.
We urge the HYC Seng Kmie as a whole to look into all the areas of Khasi Jaintia Hills on this issue that the people have faced in connection with the exploitation of the excessive increase of baikali.
Shillong: The road from Lad Umsaw Umiam to Mawmaram, West Khasi Hills, has become a road for hundreds of coal and rnga trucks passing through every night.
Shillong: The producer and director of 9-Lad, Bah Commander Shangpliang, has paid about T.1 lakh to actress Wanri Pyngrope, who starred in the film 9-Lad. A Khasi film which has been a success and continues to be screened at Bijou and Anjalee Cinema.
Bah Banshai Marbaniang, Leader of AIM in Meghalaya, said that human beings have three parts which God has given them to be free, the mind, the soul and the body. to recognize themselves as human beings living on earth.
The shooting will start on the 22nd of October, while the opening ceremony will be held on the 21st of October
It is learned that the Soo Kilo area in Sutnga district has been opened by the Dolloi Sutnga, who has allowed foreigners to do illegal activities in the area.
In three out of four constituencies, three BJP candidates have lost their security deposits.
In another development, the Steering Committee was formed after a public meeting held at Phramer on 04th November 2014, also known as the Movement for Indigenous Rights and Livelihood (MIPRL) The public meeting will be held on the 18th November 2014 at Phramer, West Jaintia Hills District at 10:00 pm.
It was at this time that Jesus came to His own (Israel) but His own did not receive Him.
She said that at the time of the explosion, all those in the shop got up and ran away from the kitchen which had a small door inside.
He said the Joint Director, Bah GS Nongkhlaw, has confirmed that an investigation will be conducted within two months.
Those who wish to apply can visit the MFA office, Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium from 1:00pm to 5:00pm or email Meghalaya.
We firmly believe that the law will one day stand up and punish those who attack.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samity (KMSS) has launched a massive protest against the Indian government's bill to provide shelter to foreigners. minorities, including Hindu Bengalis, Sikhs, Parsis and others from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
The NBNAM admitted that out of the 380 candidates who passed the written examination, only four passed and the rest did not pass the written examination.
The Minister was accompanied by CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, three dignitaries of Mylliem Hima and government officials.
It cannot be proved in writing, not only in fairytales, that the use of Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War and Lyngngam clans is against the culture of women, clan and clan. ? This is according to the discussions of some people who are afraid of the Lok, especially from the places where the STC is issued by those who work there. – Khasoi, you shouldn't do this, it's not your custom, you can't even buy land and so on.
Nongpoh, Lber 18: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhaya today enforced Section 144 CrPC in Ri Bhoi District to enforce the rules for the smooth conduct of the General Election. The Lok Sabha scheduled to be held on 19th June 2024 in India as a whole.
Aryan Bora took another wicket for 5/75 while Mukesh Kumar took 2/3
He left the party in 2007 and joined the Congress in 2009 before the Lok Sabha elections.
Three officials of the university including the Registrar, Deputy Registrar and Human Resource Manager have been arrested while the Chancellor of the University, Chandra Mohan Jha is still absconding.
“Teachers have the greatest role to play in shaping the future of the country through the students from an early age whether it is intellectual to knowledge so that they can achieve their goals,” he said. he said.
One of the problems faced by these chicken farmers is the high price of chicken feed because we have to buy and rely on food from the market.
Three BJP MDCs from JHADC Jowai said that the Minister of Education and District Council Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, has disappointed the students of the state by telling the media to follow his example. JHADC Jowai to dismiss the ADCs, just because the JHADC cannot pay salaries, in fact as the minister he will help to create the mechanisms to show the ADCs to create jobs for the youth and to make proper use of any revenue collections so that they can carry out their activities within the ADCs and to release the shares of the ADCs on time so that they can pay the revenues. The state government has not released the share of the ADCs and praised the work of the JHADC which has already decided through a resolution in the House to dismiss up to 800 employees. JHADC has more than 1800 employees and to increase the number of employees in JHADC to 1000 employees. The Committee has used its powers properly in the District Councils. It is not difficult for the Council to pay salaries to the employees especially the JHADC Jowai which we all know is the richest. The Executive Committee under the leadership of CEM T Chiwat has allowed the employees of JHADC to lose their salaries for 10 years.
“We also discussed the need to improve the poor houses in Nongmynsong, which now need improvement”.
“It's a good idea to have a Dkhar shop in Iewduh.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pyndapbor said that he used to be a member of the HSPDP but after the death of Bah HS Lyngdoh, the longtime leader of the party and the jaidbynriew, he left after these leaders did not can lead the organization and the sponsors.
The committee is headed by the Chief Secretary RC Laloo and has 15 members.
“The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress is the only one that can fight against this approach,” he added.
There are also committees that include elders and women as volunteers.
The elections to the two Autonomous District Councils, JHADC and KHADC will be held on the 27th of this month and all the candidates have prepared their nomination papers.
In his speech, he also gave an example of the dkar and the skei that as school children they should follow the example of the dkar which although it is easy but has a goal and purpose in life. to win in any battle.
“We demand that the Meghalaya government should reconsider this soskular and transfer the Maikhuli dam to Meghalaya.
They have to undergo an RT-PCR test to confirm that they are free of Covid-19/2
They returned and investigated the missing friend and found that the pleng had also robbed him while he was returning halfway from Guwahati to collect money from the timber trade.
The entry fee for the tournament is 4,500 tyngka per team.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Adhoc Lower Primary School Association (AMALPSA) has said that there is a difference in the number of Adhoc Lower Primary Schools in the state. The Government has announced 1225 Adhoc Lower Primary Schools.
Shillong: The Additional Deputy Commissioner in charge of Pynursla Civil Sub-Division today enforced Section 144 CrPC to ban all vehicles and trucks carrying more than 9 tonnes passing on the Dawki Bridge.
Explaining about the seizure of illegal coal trucks, the SP of Ri Bhoi District said that these trucks were seized from many places, namely in Umroi, Mawlyndep, 4 Nombor and other places and he said that many of these coal trucks which were seized, were using the surrounding roads, which were passing through these roads. , with the intent to elude the Police.
The other deceased were identified as Lumlang Pdang, 8, and Heimon Mi Pdang, 12, brothers from Pynurkba.
The target is a circle with four circles.
The CM's remarks came a day after the High Court ordered the State to ban the movement of more than 10 metric tonnes of goods from the Umiam Bridge after suggesting that the bridge may not be able to operate. guard the movement of vehicles.
After his speech, Bah PT Sawkmie donated a donation to Savio Juniorate for their needs during the celebration.
Shillong: The Riwar Development Organization (RWDO) today reopened the Lyngkhat Market by the Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat in the presence of the Rangbah Shnongs of different villages. Raid Lyngkhat and in the presence of the RWDO Office Bearers and the people of Riwar Area who were in the market and came to the market on this day.
He didn't even think that the time would come when mobile phones should be sold to make the price more stingy.
He said that if a 150 yard sign is erected, up to 13 villages will lose their land and the loss of crops will amount to tens of lakhs of rupees as the land will go to Bangladesh.
“It's difficult to fill the vacancy,” said Salseng.
Nongpoh, K'Lyngkot : Although the police of Meghalaya and Assam have intensified their fight against drugs and other illegal drugs, but the robbers seem to not care about anything just to make money. Assam Police today seized 101 kilograms of Kynja intended to be smuggled to Guwahati.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday visited the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
On the other hand, the officers of these departments have also informed them to provide the details of what should be done during the construction of the Jowai By-Pass, according to the rules of NGT from the distance, the method of breaking the soil, to prevent the damage to trees and shrubs as well as the Mynkrem and Myntdu rivers.
MoEFCC means the Ministry of Forest and Environment Conservation and Mercury Control.
Nangbah Mulang have 10 points and one match against Lumiawmuchai Shangpung (7 points) on the 16th of this month.
In a video conference from Delhi on Tuesday, the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the High Commissioner of India to Bangladesh, Pranay Verma, has sent a letter to him. India and Bangladesh have approved the proposal of the Meghalaya government to erect a monument to Tirot Sing Syiem, a freedom fighter and hero of the nation who fought against the British government and died. in a jail in Dhaka.
In another match, Thangsning CC won the toss and elected to bat first. Marbisu CC scored 123 runs for the loss of 9 wickets in 20 overs. Briketstar Kharumnuid took two wickets for 18 runs in 4 overs.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Dancers Association (AMDA) has announced that it will be the Coordinator of the ITF Big Reality Show in India. The semi final of the Indian Talent Fight Season-II will be broadcast on Anjan TV and E24 channels on the 27th of this month at 4 pm. Meghalaya and on the 7th June 2022 at 4 pm the dancers will perform again.
I appreciate and salute your rule. How many cars are passing by Conrad and Prestone?
He said that the Government has taken action on this issue, and said that the security forces will be strengthened and if necessary, more security forces will be requested from the Central Government.
The four recipients of the special award from SBUK are Powen Shullai, one of the leaders who has worked hard to bring together a variety of Khasi songs in a collection of songs. 345 songs in the album 'Let's Sing Together' which he published in
“We demand from the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya to implement the ILP which is a means of protecting our Hynniewtrep people,” he said.
Speaking at the meeting were Paiem Niandro Syiemiong, Syiem Maharam, President of the Federation of Khasi States, Paiem KM Syiemlieh, President of the Federation of Khasi States; Brylin Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture, Nongkhlaw Hima and John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB.
Renikton admitted that the decision to join another political party has caused a lot of discussion from the people of the constituency.
Overall, only 50.31% of students passed with 100% in Meghalaya.
“It would also be helpful to know that along with congratulating Janice for the award, the Secretary of the Sahitya Akademi, Delhi, Dr K Sreenivasarao, in a letter dated On July 1, 2013, he confirmed “that your book, Boats on Land, in English, has been nominated for the Sahitya Akademi Yuva Puraskar for
Shillong, Nailar, 05: Members of the National Assembly on Thursday turned up at the Main Secretariat to demand that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government should make public the report of the investigation. Retired Judge Justice T.Vaipei has handed over the shooting death of former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar. Shillong after he came to surrender before the law enforcement authorities.
As part of the programme, the CM and the students planted shyieng soh seeds around the SICPAC. On the day of the ceremony, we planted the seeds around the SICPAC grounds together with the students.
Speaking at the inauguration of the Nongkseh Indoor Stadium in Nongkseh, Mylliem constituency, Sangma stressed the need to take care of all the people of Meghalaya, despite the challenges. political empire.
It is said that in the film, the filmmaker wanted a location that would fit the story of the film and after searching and selecting many locations, he chose Shillong from the city. part of the completion of the film.
Trump's remarks came after the Kremlin made it clear that it would shoot down the US missiles.
At first glance, it is very shocking, even though it is a powerful country, but the Temple of Israel has not been able to be built when they have been in their own country for about 73 years now, since 1948 AD. To this day the Jews worship and thank God only on the stones of Jerusalem.
However, he said that this disease is no different from the diseases that can appear outside like other diseases that have come before it in the past.
For sale, the 2011 model Pulsar 180 ml05 h.
The Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021, was issued by the Government of India on June 25, 2021 and mandates social media platforms, such as Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp to comply with these rules.
Such a nation will be a nation that will live forever, that will be destroyed in the future generations.
Today, 53 males and 41 females have been confirmed positive for covid 19 from the public and 24 are CAPF personnel. 61 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed today, bringing the total number of cases to 3,4
This struggle lasted a long time at that time because the victory was mutual.
an.
HITO, HYC, MPSO AND OTHERS INVOLVED IN THE THINGSHOP OF METHADIUS DKHAR AND SHAKLIAR WARJRI SHOULD APPOLOGIZE TO THE SUPPORT OF THE HSPDP BY THIS ORGANIZATION Shillong: The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Saturday, strongly condemned the robbers who tried to create trouble by attacking and throwing petrol bombs at the homes of relatives. of the MLAs from Mawshynrut and Mawthadraishan.
Guwahati: The Congress party has proposed five points if it comes to power in the state.
Mawlai SC scored the first goal in the 12th minute through Fullmoon Mukhim.
The agreement was reached after Sub Inspector Monu Sing Diengdoh promised to pay T.20,000 as compensation.
Gashnga said that the Dorbar Shnong has already cleaned up the market on Saturday when the residents of the village came out to take part in the cleanliness of the Dawki market.
The arrest of Marak is a message that no one is above the law and those who commit bloodshed will be punished according to their actions, said a police source.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 45555 out of which 40574 have recovered and 785 have died.
Tanmay Kumar Panja, Medical Superintendent, said that 90 people have been admitted to the hospital, 14 have been discharged and 76 are still undergoing treatment, of whom 56 are males and 20 are females. female.
The meeting was also attended by the leaders of the KSU and HYNF. After a thorough discussion, it was decided to form a Joint Action Committee. Stelin Mukhim as Secretary of the Committee.
Shillong: The Government led by Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today appointed 12 MLAs as Chairman of the Cabinet.
He said that when he arrived at the bank, he wrote a withdrawal slip to withdraw the money, but after he went to the counters, he was denied the withdrawal slip. The bank employees have said that you cannot withdraw money with your withdrawal slip, but you should withdraw your ATM card.
Why do you have 12 digits? In order to count all the citizens of India.
These announcements have also been made to Delhi.
The cultivation of Soh Ñiamtra depends on the quality of the soil.
Shillong, June 19: The turnout of voters in Jaintia Hills District till 3:30 pm has shown that Jaintia Hills District has the highest turnout in terms of percentage than other districts. and especially to all the constituencies in Shillong.
He said that the Human Resource Development Department through the Project Approval Board (PAB) 2013-14 has allocated 15822 teachers who are already in service in the state through the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El). .
The incident occurred immediately after the BJP Leader in charge of Assam Mahendra Singh at 2:30 pm who was delivering a welcome speech at the conclusion of the meeting.
Here in the State, he said, that the mining of coal, is not only today, but, it has been since ancient times and since the time of the British and since then, it has not been stopped, because that they have no better alternatives and especially here, where ownership of the land belongs to the people.
Along the way, Bhalang expressed his pleasure to have such a meeting.
While the name Maram refers to the children of the Maharam Hima, the name Jaintia refers to the place. The Khasi who live to the east of the Jaintia Hima are called Pnar and those who live to the west because they live in the north are called Pnar. The Wars, collectively the Pnars and Wars of the Jaintia Hills, were also called Synteng.
Once you leave home, there is no peace, no happiness, and even at home, you cannot escape the feeling of sadness.
Kong Toi also violated the Representation of People Act of
T.Bn Noeal joined the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in 1970 when Meghalaya was a Sub State and at that time he worked alone as LDA and Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. Assembly.
It is true that I too have been struggling to read highly technical, scientific terms, which I will mention only a few to get an idea.
Besides, he urged the university to do better in terms of services in the field of education.
Then on the second page in the fourth paragraph, the Ministry has ordered, 'No charcoal shall be used as fuel instead of pet coke. type of eight should be used instead of using rnga).
There were also some of them who created support to commit these crimes against Dr. Sangma.
Vivek Syiem, SP City, told reporters that police are conducting investigation to track down the two robbers who tried to kidnap the son of the SP. It is learned that the two robbers did not dare to enter the college rooms, even though they entered the premises of St. Edmund's.
He thanked officials for opening the initiative on climate and health.
We don't have the powerful support to curb this problem," he said.
At 0.1% uranium, about 99.9% of the atoms are present.
It was also announced that the government has set a target to implement the 12 priority measures within 100 days.
“When there is a will, there is a way but you have to dedicate yourself to reach the goal,” he said.
On this occasion, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, said that this is the first time that all the political parties have shown their unity in front of the people and this is the witness of the The people should no longer make mistakes or vote for other parties and especially the Congress party.
The distribution was led by Deiniwan Lyngdoh, President and General Secretary.
The Chairman of KHADC said that the cooperation of the Village Authorities or Rangbah Shnongs has enabled the state to reduce the incidence of diseases among the people of the state.
Tynsong said that if the residents of this constituency elect Ransom, the blessings will be in the form of development, which the government will have to implement in this constituency.
Before the end of the meeting, Ms. T.Pohkyrnu gave a welcome speech and the program was enriched by the performances of the SHG groups and in the evening there were games like Musical Chair, Arm Wrestling. , men's/women's 100 meter race and other sports, the VO Lucky Draw was also held as a way to raise funds for the good causes of the team.
The coal mining is another example in front of us.
Rakesh Sinha said these demands would be discussed with the Prime Minister of India after the Assembly elections in Madhya Pradesh.
However, in 2011, the population reached 18,93,3
He also urged the youth to come forward and preserve the customs and traditions and religion established by our ancestors.
Others who attended the ceremony included Bah Pynkhrawbok Khongthaw, BJP candidate from Pynursla Constituency, Arina Hynniewta from Shella Constituency, Mandal Office Bearers, President, Office Bearers. There are no units in the Pynursla Mandal.
Other members of the Commission will be four leading herbalists, Dr DL Nongspung, Dr Alka Kharsati, Dr Boss Myrthong and Dr Dlas Rani, four herbalists Dr JP Lyngdoh. and Dr Sparstarlin Nongrem, including four social experts, Dr PS Nianglang, Dr Fabian Lyngdoh, Kitboklang Nongphlang and RS Wanniang.
Speaking on the occasion, Manas Choudhuri recalled that MEPA was founded in 1974 and the first President of MEPA was Bah DD Lapang. as well as the lack of adequate protection for journalists.
The new office bearers of the MSSASA Central Body are Aristotle C Rymbai, Vice-President Mathias D Shira, Starwell Lyngdoh, Francis Wanniang and HR Lanong, General Secretary Ralbinglang L. .Nonglait, Joint Secretary babu Render Marak, Assistant Secretary babu Marcus Lapasam, Finance Secretary babu Ascholar Kharbangar, Publicity Secretary babu Tlanwosly Jahrin, Auditor babu Brightstarwell Kharsahnoh.
He said the Directorate of Land Revenue of the Deputy Commissioner and the Transport Department have been directed to complete the submission of the information to the PAC within the stipulated time before it takes the necessary action.
The Supreme Court said that the high courts are very important to the judiciary and said, “We don't want to insult our high courts.
If you want to improve the custom, you should pass a law that women should not contest MDC because according to the Khasi custom, women do not participate in the Synshar, Khadar or Hima Sima, therefore they do not sit in Durbar. , cannot be Rangbah Shnong, cannot be Minister and cannot be Syiem.
Jowai, Naiwieng 25: Another candidate for the Mid-Term Election from War East Constituency has filed his nomination papers today at the Returning Officer, Amlarem Civil Sub-Division.
“He said his first task would be to allocate funds for the construction of 18 lakh houses.
They said that they have received information that there are many vacancies of Prof, Asstt Prof and other employees which the university has never filled in these posts.
Theirit Lyngdoh said that it has been more than three months since their houses were destroyed but their MLA has not come out once since the incident.
(2).
According to the latest news, the prisoner was sentenced to life imprisonment for murder, and escaped while cleaning the ambulance outside the jail.
That is why Jesus said, “And when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking” (Matthew 6:7).
She also requested the government to call together all the 60 MLAs for a meeting on the proposal to resolve the border issue in the state. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate before Christmas but this urgent action should not affect the border of the state,” said Dr Lyngdoh.
Until now, only 2 byrni out of 116 byrni of the stolen Sying have been found, as the robbers involved in the incident have stolen the byrni.
In South Garo Hills, there are two cases including one driver and one high risk.
The object is known as a Near-Earth Object by the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).
Until now, only the ridge of Mawpator can be seen from the Mawryngkhang View Point.
Speaking to reporters, TMC Meghalaya President Charles Pyngrope said that the announcement of candidates is expected to be successful in the first list of 52 candidates. The people should vote for the candidates whom the party has nominated for this election.
On the allegation of discrimination against the Bangalees in the state, Prestone said that he has already warned the villagers and foreigners not to spread it. to spread false news on social media.
Later, the Calcutta High Court dismissed Mondal's petition against the warning letter sent by the CBI. The investigation team will take him to Delhi.
Conrad said he would have to take the explanation of the security forces if he wants to meet again next time, and for now it has been postponed until another arrangement is made.
According to this rule, gatherings or group gatherings of 5 or more persons are prohibited.
On this day, 373 eye patients came for treatment and check up.
They said that if the authorities such as the government have the opportunity to help, it will be a great blessing.
The President of NSODA, Bah Kyrshanlang Jyrwa, said that the reason why they as the leaders of the union, took this step to distribute food items to all the sumo drivers, is to help those who drivers who have faced difficulties during the curfew.
Paswan is the leader of the LJP, which is part of the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA). In the state, the UDP is the largest ethnic party in the state. She has a closer relationship with the NDA and has also joined the NEDA (North East Democratic Alliance) which was formed recently this year to include all non-Congress parties.
Hundreds of KSU leaders and members also marched to the factory today with the intention of protesting against these foreign workers. Magistrate and police did not visit the factory except for a few KSU leaders who witnessed that the foreign workers tried to use force and arrested them. wood and nar rot to show their strength against this incident.
