A resident of Williamnagar has filed a petition in the Meghalaya High Court seeking the removal of PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak from the post of MLA. ' which was pending in a court in his papers when he filed his nomination papers in the recent MLA elections.
Shillong, October 30: The Rangthylliang Eco-Tourism Co-operative Society Ltd (KECO) has inaugurated the Rangthylliang View Point Cum Information Center on 25th October 2017 as part of its efforts to promote tourism in Rangthylliang Village, Pynursla. at 02:00 pm.
Nongstoin, Nailar 7: Before the construction of the two lane Nongstoin-Kyrshai road, Rambrai MLA KP Pangniang together with the village leaders of Rambrai area have met with the Executive Engineer of the Rambrai area. PWD Nongstoin to discuss the issues needed for the improvement of the old roads in the area while the 2 lane has not yet arrived.
She said that on the 18th and 19th of this month she will leave for Delhi to meet with Ayush Minister Sarbananda Sonowal in New Delhi on herbal medicines.
According to a post on her Facebook page, she admitted that there are 22 school children, 65 college students, a teacher, a doctor, 3 Ministers of the state who have sex with an.
Prestone said the law will take the necessary action if anyone disobeys the Government.
Bah Shlurding Riamsiej said that the fighting of this era has a complete difference from the past, because before the fighting started there were many ideas. by the elderly but now it has become a part of sports and there is no longer a need for those ideas.
Shillong, June 10: The State Government has auctioned more than 19,000 metric tonnes of coal approved by the National Green Tribunal in October
Dashngain Sukhalin was awarded the Man of the Match award, Pynshngainlang Tyngkra of Niaw Wasa United won the Best Goalkeeper award and Banteilang Shylla of Ladthadlaboh won the Top Scorer award. Risanlang-i Dkhar of Niaw Wasa United scored seven goals and was named Player of the Tournament.
The Punjab government has now sent an inquiry into the incident at the privately run testing centre.
Shillong: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, the first President of the Voice of People Party (VPP) in the state and former MLA of Nongkrem Constituency, has been arrested. The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has said that in the 2018 MLA elections, he did not win by money. he should have lost thousands of votes but there are other reasons why he lost the election.
Therefore, there is an urgent need to promote them to higher positions.
The General Secretary of the club, Bah JC Cajee, while reading the brief history of the club, said that in the year 1920, a group of youngsters from the area of ​​Nongthymmai Village emerged. There is a lack of training facilities, a lack of players and it has remained a team.
Tympew leaves are the most commonly used leaves in our country.
The dividend of the forecast is very high, which can be between 4000 tyngka and 4500 tyngka in case of 1 (shi) tyngka.
The star will prepare for another U-23 National Athletics Competition to be held in March this year in Kolkata.
On 5th July 2019, the Parliament of India announced the suspension of Article 370 in Kashmir.
Dr Harish gave a keynote address on this topic.
The KSU members also closed down the office of the Vice Chancellor and gave him only 10 months to implement the demands of the students.
Where is the ADC? The protection and maintenance of land in the hands of the indigenous people is one of the main principles of the ADCs. did what all the time? Where is the Cadastral Survey and the Land Ceiling Act? No sign of anything? Why, has this Department been deleted? The land goes hand in hand with the life and death of the nation and if the land is lost, the nation is lost and then who will the ADCs rule over? If we turn to the water supply, what have the ADCs done in this regard? It is the duty of the ADCs to protect and maintain the cleanliness and hygiene of their communities including the protection of dohum, dohthli dohpnat, sher syngkai, lun, dohjei, dohmain, khasaw, khamuhur, khalad. , snakes, insects and others that have roots in them but, in this regard they have done nothing.
The pastors have appealed to the High Court against the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act 2012 on the grounds that the Act has restricted them, as the married couples have to register again with the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act the State Government, which is against the Indian Christian Marriage Act
The DC has issued an order to drive odd and even numbers for commercial vehicles from Kashari, Khyndai and Motphran as part of the efforts to regulate the traffic to reduce traffic jams.
Lyngdoh said that since 18th July 2022, the teachers have met with the Director of School Education and Literacy, Ambrose Ch Marak and have already sent a letter to him regarding the salary increase as directed by the government.
In their speeches, one after another, they congratulated these two youths, who have taken the initiative to set up this shop selling Dohkha Im, because through this shop They will help those fish vendors and not only that but it will also serve as a good example to other unemployed youths in different parts of the state.
They found that the door of the ATM was locked halfway and the machine was completely covered and burnt.
On the occasion, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, President of HANM Sengkmie was the chief guest, along with leading MPSO leaders, including Bah Marshal L. Marshillong, President of HANM Sengkmie. MPSO Chief Executive Officer, SG Laloo, Working President, MPSO Sengkmie, Vincent Sohkhwai, President Ri Bhoi, M. Wanniang, Working President Ri Bhoi and many other office bearers and members of MPSO. At the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the MPSO, the office bearers of the MPSO, had the opportunity to speak on the progress of the MPSO in the past few days, until it has completed its 10th Anniversary. In just one year, the organization has been able to do many things and especially to help those poor families.
He said that the water supply through the pipes to the households in these districts is still low and these districts are still more vulnerable than others.
However, in 2023, we will witness the struggle through the existence of these old parties and the emergence of these new parties as well as the emergence of many leaders who will contest.
Bah Adelbert Nongrum is the best.
He urged the central and state governments to take action.
So far, these women have said that they have been trained with the Lamjingshai Manbha Foundation Organization.
The cold weather lasted for more than 10 hours, but the heavier cold weather lasted for about 20 minutes.
The White House on Tuesday expressed concern over Canada's accusations against India and said Canada's allegations against India are no longer true and could affect The relationship between the two countries will be strengthened in the future and it is therefore important to send an investigation as soon as possible in a timely manner.
And God formed the body out of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a spirit. living.
Prof. Desmond L.Kharmawphlang, who was the organizer of the programme, said that the purpose of the competition is to revive the traditional games. to bring about love and need to promote these games further.
So the servant went from the door of the gate until he came to the house of Dken (his master) and lost all the gold that had been cleansed for him because he did not see it. spirit yes.
Therefore, he said that their statement is misleading.
The Congress has issued a three-line order to all members of the Rajya Sabha to oppose the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
The incident occurred at 11:30 pm on Friday and the cause of the fire is still unknown.
This is what they will do in Meghalaya,” he said.
Besides these recipients of these assistance from the MLA Scheme, there are also some who have received schemes, among others.
Speaking to reporters, Kalwing, Congress leader, said, “I have been in the Congress party since 1976, the working methods of the leaders at that time including Purno A Sangma. , Capt WA Sangma, those who didn't pray at the door of God, were good but now under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma, it has turned from heaven to earth.
Spain has reported the highest number of deaths in 17 days, with 605 deaths.
This is the purpose of your work; from the year
The incident took place at Yavatmal, Maharashtra, this morning.
Who else would have bought a field at a price? There are also those who just want land to build their houses.
Liverpool have moved to the top of the Premier League table by beating Manchester United 3-1 on Saturday.
Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP, said that the FOCUS scheme is a fund that has been taken by the state government which should be paid later.
It is learned that Bah Joe may announce his candidacy after the end of his term as leader of the FKJGP in the coming months.
The cycle of love in life and death has continued for centuries and describes the heritage that continues to live in love on earth.
Furthermore, the students are confused because on the Advance Examination City Information it appears in Shillong while on the Admit Card the Test Center is in Guwahati.
Meghalaya lost by nine wickets to West Bengal.
England have won the European Under-21 Championship for the first time in 40 years.
Anyone who kills, keeps or uses the body parts of animals listed in the Schedule to the Wildlife Protectio Act 1972 is illegal and will be fined and imprisoned. they shall be punished according to the law.
Let us pray with faith that God will heal the country from this Corona virus.
There are 2 deaths and these are those who have not been injected at all.
The HYC said that it has taken this decision due to the backwardness of the area due to the lack of roads which has affected the trade and transportation of the people.
“Many times we see only in the newspapers that they win medals and it's over,” he said, adding that the Sports Department has now encouraged many youngsters by recognizing and awarding them. He said that the construction of the Multi Indoor Complex worth Rs 22 crore in Jongksha will attract many young athletes at the State, National and International Levels as well.
Some of the benefits of Moong dai: Protein source: Moong dai is a source of protein especially among those who choose to eat only vegetables.
The residents of Shillong have been waiting for decades to have flyovers like in other cities.
Daniel 2:47.
Shillong: Three new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed at the Main Secretariat.
She said that the village leader and residents of Pathardaro led by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Opos Mawnai on 24th July 2022 came to her residence and this upset her. It is a family where these leaders and elders have destroyed the kwai and sohtrun that they have cultivated and planted for the benefit of the family.
This goal encouraged the Karnataka team to fight hard.
He said that in fact, he had wanted to include it in the budget since 2008 but there is a problem because 10 km has been constructed under the state government scheme while 5 km has been constructed under the PMGSY scheme. of the Account General's office, which happened this morning, at 6.30 pm, damaged four Scooty and two vehicles, which were parked near the well.
We the family of (L) Ekwin Pala from Lamyrsiang who passed away on 6-11-2022 and his body was buried on 9-11-2 has been with us and comforted us in our loss.
Although there is no requirement for shopkeepers not to get vaccinated, they are required to put up a Vaccinated and Not Vaccinated sign in front of the shop and clearly write the names of the owners, employees. Those who have not yet been injected have been given the right injection as directed by the Court and also by the State Government.
“Besides hospitals and other health facilities need to be improved in many areas, the most important thing is that they should not lose electricity because electricity is needed to run the equipment from the for seriously ill patients and those in need of oxygen and others,” the High Court said.
Poverty and wealth are like a great dividing line.
This Government has set a goal to develop the city of Tura after it was appointed.
The Pradesh Election Committee (PEC) of the Congress party will meet tomorrow at 7 pm to decide who will send the names of the three candidates. The AICC has approved him as a candidate for the mid-term elections from Shella.
They left New Delhi on July 24, 2018 and will visit Spain and other European countries.
Matilda Kharbuki, General Secretary of the Mahila Morcha, is also an old member of the BJP who has joined the BJP since the time of former Presidents such as Bah Khlur Sing Lyngdoh. She was appointed as Vice President, General Secretary and Treasurer during the tenure of former President Shibun Lyngdoh.
In fact, the Government has spent more than T.14 crore to clean up the plastic and also to install flood lights, but the ground has shown signs of torti as soon as the flood lights come. it rained.
There must be only 16 players per team on the original list.
He urged the students to help those who are illiterate in their branches or villages.
The union in Nangbah village has raised this question why only a small job, but the bank has not received a single sign of demand for 10 years? ?.
Police have also seized silver items from these robbers which they used to open offices, schools and private homes. Police have registered a case against them. Shillong: The Indian Youth Congress (India Youth Congress) has registered a case no. 50 (6) 2016 under section 457.427 and also in case no.43, 44, 45 (5) The 10th anniversary of the founding of the Congress Bhawan, Shillong.
Government offices will have 33 percent employees (Group C and D) and 100 percent officers (Group A and B).
Lawse was founded by two families, Kin Sing Lyngkhoi, his wife Ngei Ron Marwein and their children Jerebom, Bershon, Shali, Trely and Dina. Nine.
The President of RAM, Kong I.Kharmuti has also been invited to address the Global Conference and also to attend the upcoming UN Human Rights Session.
Tomorrow, Demthring will play against Chutwakhu at 2:30 pm.
The surprising thing in this state is that even today the farmers have to sell sying and other crops because of the lack of storage space to store the crops called that (cold storage).
“The public is requested to verify whether it is the number telephoned for the items that have not been purchased.
This is the time when Jesus will come as a thief to steal from heaven.
It was found that the smuggled goods were smuggled from Myanmar for sale in Shillong.
Before the end of the first half, Young SC opened the scoring through Bankyntiew Ryntathiang.
Meanwhile, KSU Mawlai through its President Biangbor Paliar in the presence of other leaders including Rapbor Nongrum, said that the KSU Mawlai has been looking for information about Johny. member of the organization, but she did not find that Johny was in the organization.
A group of songwriters, singers, traditional musicians and others from Shillong on the 29th of this month met with the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and handed over a Memorandum. urging for the establishment of an Indigenous Center for Arts, Music to collect information and preserve indigenous music and songs in the state.
Adrina Yimung of Ri Bhoi District won the bronze medal with a throw of 4.03 metres.
All treatments provided at the Smile Train Cleft Program at Woodland Hospital, Shillong will be supported under this partnership for the next five years.
The angels will blow the trumpets and it will also be the day of reconciliation between Israel and God during this last ten months. The Deliverer shall come out of Zion, and turn away ungodliness from Jacob" Romans 11:2
Therefore, the community and the West Khasi Hills should support this young man who is the only one to represent the area in Shillong, so he said that he needs the support of the people of the area. Robert Nigil has appealed to the people of the district and the state as a whole and especially from Nongstoin to support him. He has been involved in this competition so that he can reach the goal of victory and he has a strong hope that he will win the title of winner of this competition through the support of the people. The final competition will be held on the 25th October 2014 at the Soso Tham Auditorium Hall (State Central Library) Shillong.
The group also said that the shortage of doctors in the rural areas is very high especially in the CHCs, PHCs and Sub-Centres.
On the other hand, the Federation urges the Government to take action on the issues raised by the DSO, so that the youth of the area can experience the same experience as other youth in other districts. of the state.
On the same day, the names of the elderly, women and youth who joined the party were registered and confirmed by Bah Macmillan Kharbani President AITC Nongstoin Block Committee.
Men’s Games – 2 pm : Veterans Combine Vs Rangjanai; 3:30 pm: Aeronation vs Malki Sports Club and 5 pm: Khasi Tribe vs Nangiapyrshang.
When asked how they feel that the Chief Minister has announced to create a mechanism to bring them back to work, the MGLPSCTA leader said that he does not. Believe too much in those statements by the government, but he will continue to sit on strike, while the government has not given a clear answer and called for talks to get their rights and return to their jobs. all the time in the schools where they teach.
“We strongly demand that the government should complete the construction of the C&RD Block in Mawlai as soon as possible, otherwise the union will not hesitate to take other measures of protest,” he said. On October 14, 2016, the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma announced in the Budget Session for the year 2016-17 that he will set up four more C&RD blocks in the state.
Expressing her desire to think for the development of the State, Agatha said, “Let us think for the development of the State, not to talk to create differences. ".
They promised to the Seng that they will fight as much as possible to eradicate these foreign trucks, if the Seng approves them, even if they have proper documents, they will not take foreign trucks.
This will help the State budget and the freight railway is what we can start before the passenger railway.
On the other hand, Angela Rangad expressed her surprise at the bail of those who spread the video of the murder of Agelbeth L Nongpiur.
Nongpoh: A truck (ML 10B 7797) overturned on the NH-6 at Quinine village, Ri Bhoi District at 5 pm this evening.
The machine has been in operation since July 2013, but stopped working in November 2015 just two years after purchase.
“Therefore, it is clear that the petitioner never produced the names just out of thin air and there may be a ground that the petitioner used to draw the names of those involved in illegal mining and the use of that coal in illegal coal mines.
Mathur Savani, chairman of Kiran Super Multi-Specialty Hospital, Surat, said that many patients have been admitted for treatment in Surat district and other parts of Gujarat.
Langsning will have to leave for Bangalore to face Bengaluru Reserves on the 25th of this month.
Alanis Obomsawin will break the record of becoming the first female filmmaker and director to be honored with the award, which is sponsored by the MacDowell Artist Residency Programme.
“The clear message is, you can march in public if you want, but please don't cause noise or noise.
The award ceremony will be held at the Dorbar Hall of Mukhaialong Village from 11:30 pm in the presence of the leading leaders of the party along with the elders of these three villages.
Women who breastfeed and women who carry children are not suffering but are turning to the sin of blood and walking freely in their own will.
Then there is the Land Transfer Act 1971 which prohibits other ethnic groups from owning land, but this Act has been weak and no one believes in it and cares about the education of many Hynniewtrep and Garo people. I don't have any more of my own land.
This is the incident that happened in Australia, where millions of insects, have destroyed crops these days, especially rice crops.
“It is regrettable that the VPP has started criticizing the religious leaders.
The Seng also strongly condemns the authorities in this regard such as the Municipal and the MSPCB and accepts that Marten is a symbol of the Government's insult to the residents and its corruption.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 27: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongtung Circle today sent a letter to the Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in charge of the PWD (Roads) department. The road from Liar-bang to Mawlasnai has caused problems to the people.
“The teaching of books is not up to standard in the country and this change in textbooks will reduce the number of textbooks,” said Conrad.
May this writing we have tonight last forever,” said Prestone.
Along with the parade, the SDRF, Border Wing Home Guards Battalion, Combined District Contingent and Home Guard Volunteers Contingent. The SDRF rescue operation will be conducted in the event of an earthquake.
Fortunately, she sustained serious injuries and was taken to NEIGRIMS for treatment.
According to Lambor, if there is a proposal, the UPF is ready to accept the post of Speaker of the House.
The Siliguri-based group, which has foreign contacts, said that there are currently more than 200 jobs at the factory that manufactures Peugeot 208, Citroen C3, Stellantis, Slovakia at a salary of Rs 63000 to Rs 72000 per month and there is also a high extra time allowance if the employees are smart and hardworking, and they informed that their team has a contract with A large recruitment agency from Kathmandu, Nepal who have already established relationships with the car manufacturing factory, has the opportunity to recruit these jobs if the job seekers have the skills or qualifications.
The Deputy Commissioner and the Superintendent of Police, Mawkyrwat should appear in person on that day at the scheduled time.
She said that Shillong is the capital and the demands to make it a capital elsewhere should not be ignored.
The man was identified as Milendro Momin, 59, a farmer who looks after his rice fields with two of his family members.
According to other elders, the Dkhar was known from the children in the village and they used to call him 'Mama Dkhar'
However, he said that a group of people came out and surrounded him and the patrol officer and used rude words despite the DC's efforts to explain what had happened.
The NPP said Tura should be praised for this transformation.
Let them read only on the rocks, on plants that are not found on the earth.
"We are nothing but we are her servants and we live in the same village with her," asked Rida. "How are you?"
He said the party will follow up on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) which the people have been demanding for a long time.
“We are expecting to arrest several more persons in the coming days and that will happen only after we have investigated thoroughly,” said the DIG. They are still being taken to hospital for medical checkup and trial.
The deceased were identified as Daphishisha Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, 8, and Kenedy Kharshohnoh, 26, while Banri Wahlang, 25, drowned. .
Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare, MDC JHADC J Treilang Suchiang were the chief guests, Dr. PS Shylla, Incharge Blood Bank Jowai, Father Lawrence Pasweth, Spiritual Youth Director Jowai Parish and others. others.
Under the theme, “Celebrating Inclusivity,” the ECI said that the Lok Sabha elections will be held in a fair and impartial manner.
On the other hand, the CEM said that a team from the World Bank will visit the marten on Tuesday to see how it works.
Sources said that although the extension has been extended for only 10 months, no response has been received from the committee of inquiry of KHADC. Former Secretary of KHADC, Bah W.Syiemlieh, has appeared only once on the 12th of this month although he is one of the first to be accused of corruption in KHADC. The investigation was conducted on the temporary or casual employees of KHADC and investigated how they were appointed and how they received their salaries but the money was not taken directly. lah , why did you enter this account?
Therefore, it is one of the expected ways of development in these parts of the region,” he said.
Ms. Dalangki Suchiang, Master Trainer, gave training to the trainees. The aim of this training is to provide basic training and to improve their skills, and at the same time to increase their income. a book especially for women and young children.
He said that regarding the congestion of the road in Upper Shillong due to the fact that there is only one market, the EC had visited the site at Mawlai Mawroh to set up a market but after the opposition from Mawlai. The EC will consider finding ways to achieve their goals.
This comes after the demand of the HYC to evict 148 illegal households in Mawlong Market on the basis of RTI. The Government is waiting for the Urban Affairs Department and the SMB to complete their consideration on this issue.
Khasi-Jaintia and Garo who have become Muslims or Christians will lose all the benefits and privileges such as scholarships, grants to the poor, govt jobs and many others.
If this is the case, shouldn't we think far ahead that agriculture is not only a kind of activity that doesn't damage the environment like tourism but also a It is a lifelong responsibility to support every household of our children and future generations.
“I request the Prime Minister to put politics behind him and come together for the development of Garo Hills and the state as a whole,” he said. elections.
Dr Syiem said that even the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) which has been introduced in the state has not covered the disease.
Female: Suzanna Sangma, Ucilia Pyngrope, Larihun.
Shillong: The HSP DP MDC, Mawkynrew Constituency, in an interview with Rupang, on Tuesday said that the Khadar rule and the The government itself cannot say whether it is doing enough or not, but he said if the government is doing enough, why should its employees take to the streets to demand their rights? to protest in the field while there are other departments that have a lot of money that they cannot use anymore.
Martin Luther did not condemn the refugees, but in his letter he expressed that as Christians we need to support our neighbours, help the community and protect others.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that when he received a letter from the KHCF, he wrote to the Secretary but the Secretary paid the money in the wrong way. to pay, “It didn't go through the branch it should have gone through," he said.
In this regard, the District Council should think carefully and take action, otherwise, the establishment of the District Council will be a sham without authority.
Due to the destruction and destruction by the Mangkariang children of Mei Mariang in these days and seasons, many wild animals have forced to flee their homes, just to escape the fire that burns everywhere. forest area of ​​Ri-Bhoi and Khasi Jaintia Hills as a whole.
However, it is surprising that the government departments in charge of livestock, after receiving information that there is a disease in the cows, did not send a notice to the village headmen to order the farmers. cows, to inform the government how many cows there are and how many are infected and how many are free, but it was announced only through the media that the government has banned the slaughter of cows.
This is even 133 years after the birth of Helen Adams Keller who is known worldwide as a pioneer for the blind, deaf and all those who lose their opportunities due to disability. in their body part.
The unemployment rate in the State is also due to the fact that the State is a small State which does not have employment factories like other States where young job seekers are more likely to work in companies because of the salary. big though they have to work hard.
Pay for Right has organized a District Level Village Cluster Sports Meet on the 10th and 11th October in collaboration with NYK Shillong.
The KSU strongly suspects that there is something behind this and cannot accept and express its opposition to the arrival of coal trucks from Assam.
Criticizing the NPP for deceiving the people of the state and the region, Dr Mukul said, “There are those who say that instead of burning the statue of Agatha, the statue of the President should be burnt. “The NPP leader (Conrad K Sangma) because Agatha spoke and supported the CAB, it was on the orders of the President,” he said.
The success or failure to work or serve in any organization or group, club or association etc. depends on the hands and skills or ability or courageous spirit of the leaders.
He said the statement by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma regarding the suspension of the border demarcation due to the Mukroh incident, “is surprising”.
After a long discussion, the protesters against the coal mine from Assam to EJH, have allowed them to leave, but have decided to protest from tomorrow. more.
The Executive Board of Directors of the World Bank has approved to provide US$108 million as a loan to Assam to meet various needs, such as preparedness for natural disasters.
Anurag Thakur, Minister of State for Home Affairs, on 30th July 2020, made the same remarks and was banned from campaigning for 72 hours.
Our Khasi-Jaintia Hills is blessed by God.
The inability of teachers to be present to explain the information is often disappointing and they need others to be present to provide information when they need it.
U Bah Anthony Kharbuli, on 19th November 2013, was arrested on charges of being one of those involved in the incitement of the people, during the march in Motphran, where there was a clash. Several policemen were injured in the incident.
Even at the funeral home, the police did not stop and tied up the mourners.
“In our state, from rice, wheat, piat, medicines and even brut shut, clothes, have been relied on to come from abroad.
Meanwhile, Uttarakhand Chief Minister Vijay Bahuguna said that the total number of missing persons has risen to 4,700, of whom 750 are from Uttarakhand.
Shillong, November 21 : The Sohra International Half Marathon, Shillong, has been a success with the participation of runners from outside the state and from outside the state. several runners from other countries and the race was held on Tuesday 21st November
The MDC of the area, Ma HS Bareh, has slammed the MeECL electricity department in Khliehriat (Moowakhu). ), but he alleged that it is the lack of knowledge of MeECL in the working methods.
There are words that do not have another correct original language and there are also words that do not need to be synropized with those original languages ​​to get a new language.
Due to the traffic jam, the residents can no longer reach their workplaces and farms on time.
He said that in the past few months he has visited the Public Undertaking Committee headed by Salseng C Marak to inspect the MCCL. He said the government has promised to commission a new plan on 15th July, 2015 and he will visit the factory on 16th July to see what is happening. the government did.
The president of the KSU at that time, Bah Bull N Lyngdoh, was also arrested by the police.
“If he (Dr. Mukul) contests from Songsak he will lose so he will no doubt go back to Ampati otherwise he will not be able to help others or even his wife and child,” he said. state.
The guards also saw a Maruti Swift parked nearby, which was suspected to be very bad and later left the scene.
Birbor said that there are some examiners who live in rural areas who do not have a network and thus this makes it difficult for them to complain through the DERT website. “The union will take another tougher step,” said Bah Birbor.
At present, the government has not been able to fill the vacancies in the state police department.
The electricity supply has reached all the areas except Baghmara.
The Chief Secretary said that at present, the rainwater in the state flows into the Brahmaputra River or Bangladesh due to the inability to manage the rainwater.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: On the 21st of this month, the UDP Central Body will leave for Smit to campaign for the party candidate HS Shylla. He will contest against many candidates in the mid-term MDC elections from Nongkrem constituency to be held on 13th November,
The complaint was filed after Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) chief Raosaheb Sangolkar found a three feet wide and two feet wide hole in the bridge.
Bah Amkhloo who was also the chief guest on the occasion congratulated the Sports Club for organizing such a tournament where the youth of the area can showcase their talents. At the same time, he gave a warning to the players before the start of the match.
Jowai, Naitung 19: The largest Behdein khlam in Khasi Jaintia Hills, organized by the Sein Raij Tuber – has started on Monday with various rituals being performed and will continue to be performed by the Longdoh and Wasan. of Niamtre in East and West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Lber 31: A group of robbers have set fire to a bridge at Phudkroh, South West Khasi Hills on Friday night.
However, at the same time, the Minister said that besides the education received from school, the students should also receive guidance to choose the education that is suitable for them according to their skills.
However, regarding Meghalaya, he said that as there is no outbreak of the disease, the government will have to consider carefully before taking any decision because it does not want the children to lose their education. their.
In another development, the NPP has announced a foreign candidate to contest the MDC elections in GHADC to be held on the 12th of this month. october.
They have been charged under the MMPO and the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and are still under investigation.
Vehicles will be checked by the traffic police from Wapung to Lad Sutnga, as well as from Khliehriat Market to Sookilo.
But also to look after the needs of mankind in relation to the flesh.
Midfielder: Newton Singh, Kangujam Yoihenba Meitei, Levis Zangminlun, Bobby Singh, Abdul Salha, Ngamgouhou Mate, Vishal Yadav, Manbhakupar Malngiang & Md Arbash.
According to the Ejahar, the family members of the girl said that the incident happened on the night of the 26th at about 12 pm, when the girl left the house and at that time There was an auto rickshaw, which came to carry the child.
According to the UN Sub-Commission on the Prevention and Protection of Minorities, the term 'minority' includes only those ethnic groups who have and wish to maintain their identity, religion, customs or culture. Article 29(1) of the Constitution of India stipulates that the citizens of India shall be loyal to the State Government. The minorities of India who have a different language, literature or customs and traditions have the right to preserve them.
Emperor Caligula did not hesitate to torture and kill people without cause.
The CBI has also charged the Directorate of Elementary and Mass Education and unnamed persons in the case.
The Kurs who live here are the Makri, Lyngdoh, Trang, Timung, Majhong, Syiem and Bordoloi.
I came to see with my own eyes and saw that all four of those tanks containing uranium waste had burnt down.
Abhinab Saikia of Assam won the Best Challenger Boxer and Pradeep Bisht won the Best Official.
We are pleased that the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has already appointed a politician who spoke lightly in Kynton-U-Mon.
Faith grows, grows and does not remain stagnant, faith is fellowship, discussion and building up with each other.
In this regard, Bah Kharbuki said that the contractor of this road is a Khasi from Meghalaya.
This notice probably arises for two reasons.
“The entry of people on foot, vehicle or passenger vehicle within 5 kilometers of this border from 6:00 pm to 5:00 pm (is prohibited),” said the statement. order and judgment.
He said these colleges were established due to the creation of Telangana under the rule of Chief Minister K Chandrashekhar Rao.
Bah Sun also led the Rangbah Shnong, Rangbah Dong and journalists to witness the inspection.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Waheh Shnongs of Namdong A and Namdong B including Ma DS War, Ma Arki Sumer, Principal of Krist Syiem Sec School Namdong. Rev.Fr.Dominic, teachers and parents of the students as well as the family members of Dawan Lyngdoh.
On this day, as witnessed, the supporters burnt the tires of the vehicles, damaged the public buses and other vehicles during the protest.
“Will you wait until the NGT bans the pollution of the market and orders you to follow the rules,” said Bah Kharkrang.
According to a statement issued by DSO Balarina Syiem, the forms can be obtained from the office of the BDO, Mairang/Mawthadraishan and the office of the DSO Nongstoin during office hours.
For this reason, the Apostle Paul says – “As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes (Gentiles), but as regards election they are beloved for the sake of the Father. " Romans 11:2
He said that development can only come if there is peace and stability in the state.
This amazing survival was discovered by the soldiers who went to search for these children on Tuesday, the 9th of this month.
The final group match will be played on 3 April, when Colombia will face Morocco and Germany will face South Korea.
He urged the two district authorities not to delay in issuing passes to transport agricultural products and to set a target to vaccinate truck drivers for COVID-1
President Xi Jinping today said the disease is very serious and stressed the need to immediately curb the spread of the disease.
Attendance is not enforced, and this is entirely dependent on parental permission.
Prestone's remarks came after some areas remained untouched due to the opposition of groups like the CCIB in some areas.
He said that regarding other assistance schemes that the Government has allocated for the people, it is not known where they are, such as the PMGSY road which is a scheme of the Government. Even the office of the Chief Engineer of PMGSY in Shillong is not known.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The death of two youths in the Synrang Hati River, has shocked this journalist, who visited the river with his own eyes today. which is the only river.
For PHH rice, 5 kilos per head will be distributed at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo, for AAY rice, 35 kilos per card at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo and for Non-NFSA rice. The price of 7.215 kilograms of cards is 13 tyngka per kilogram.
Therefore, the call to us is to stand together to fight against corruption as the Garo people have started by using this tool of the Lok Ayukta.
This is the best way to dispose of garbage from the village.
The prize money is T.4 lakh for the winner, T.1 lakh 50,000 for the second, T.30,000 for the third and T.20,000 for the fourth.
Madankynsaw Mookyndeng beat Lumbahdakha Wahiajer 2-1
The RBYF has not approved of the construction after some of the contractors have not been employed, but the surprising thing is that the works are still going smoothly, even though the villagers who have registered contracts at the EE office. PWD (Rd), Umsning have not yet announced their names for the work on the 10.5 km road from Umran to Myrdon.
The State Government has said that the protest organized by the MIPRL is inappropriate as the State Government has taken seriously the issue. They also discussed the issue of coal mining, which is a tradition that has been practiced since ancient times, and handed over the issue to the Government of India.
She said that he used to hide these crimes by changing his name or code number and it was there that he used to talk to players of online games and help them in illegally deposit money into people's accounts.
Many questions were asked, which Kmie Rida could no longer answer; but she ended by beginning to sin against her son (Rida) and did not tell him.
Shillong, June 23: Two persons were killed and two others seriously injured in a blast at Nongumsur village near Nongjri (Borsora) on Tuesday.
FKJGP, Byrnihat Circle, Bah Lumlang Mawnai, FKJGP, Byrnihat Circle, has strongly condemned the Rangbah Shnong for stealing and selling ration. the rice that is right for the people.
In the HSSLC (XII-Arts Stream), 2 students from the same school have entered the First Ten position. They are Dajied Kynsai Sungoh who has entered the 4th Position and Thehsbun Kyndait of Little Flower Higher Secondary School Ummulong WJHD in the 7th position. Ummulong, as well as the village, the district and the state as a whole.
There are many ways to do this.
Meghalaya has only one seat and the date of announcement for the election will be on 26th October.
He said the origin of the disease is from Assam and Arunachal Pradesh and as Meghalaya is close to Assam, it is expected that the disease could spread from Assam and prevent the spread of the disease. The import of pigs from outside the state and the import of pigs from one district to another have been banned.
He said that the vehicles that are allowed to enter and leave the state are only those that bring food items to the state and these vehicles should follow strictly the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
However, these days even the government provides the necessities of the students such as documents, uniforms and even the lunch through the Mid-Day Meal, so don't do this. in the fog.
“The KSU wants to make it clear to the Government of India that it will not allow the mining of uranium through our blood or through our bodies but the KSU will not allow the mining of uranium,” said the President of KSU, South West. Forwardman Nongrem, Khasi Hills District, in a statement sent to the media.
Regarding the issue of ASHAs, the Spokesperson of the State Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, has done her best and taken action. the ASHA workers of the state.
The visit was accompanied by Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA, DD Shira, Director of Social Welfare and Officers, Bah D Lytep, Asst Executive Engineer and Officers of PWD Shillong Central Division. Mr. K Kharumnuid, Executive Engineer, and Officers of the Urban Affairs Department.
The Joint Action Committee on Monday protested and demanded that the Center should not allow Prof SK Srivastava to continue as Vice Chancellor.
At the age of 28, Ranan will be a great victory for Shillong Lajong.
Gigur Myrthong has been appointed as the EM in charge of the Trade and Enforcement Wing.
In the second half, Ratacherra beat Wapung Shnong 2-1
AIS SujaU Jesus said, “He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do" John 14:1
Society deteriorates and collapses because of the misuse of power from time to time.
Among the 28 Under-23 players selected by the AIFF to represent India in the AFC U23 Asian Cup Football Tournament in Qatar, the name of the state of Halen Nongtdu.
This incident did not lead to ethnic violence as happened in 1979 and
Among other speakers, Rev JC Evans in his speech, expressed his regret over the lack of attendance, but stressed that the new rules have affected the people. Khasi youth because of the new rules; (i) there shall be no more arrangement of subjects in the subject English and the University may set questions from any subject or from any English book for the Entrance and I.A. Students should have a thorough knowledge of English subject and at that time it was difficult for Khasi students who did not have knowledge (ii) Khasi subject should be abolished and Khasi students should write examination in English, not in my mother tongue.
He recalled the struggle of the party for the nation and said that the uranium issue which is on its agenda has been successful.
Hebrews 9:1–12.
This year alone, about 5000 government jobs have been eliminated and no new ones will be appointed in the future.
In the tournament, the team from the state will play five matches against Assam, Jammu and Kashmir, Nagaland, Delhi and Karnataka in Kolkata.
“We have 4,500 members of the BJP in Shella and we hope to win the election,” he said.
The income of this person is in the lakhs.
She also informed that the Krishi Sanchayi Yojana has provided Rs 3 crore to 180 households.
When it is said in this Khasi society that the forests, the waters, the rivers, do not belong to private individuals but are common property resources, which we should protect. preserve.
Nongpoh, June 15: U Bah EK Lapang, former Rangbah Shnong of Saiden, has been re-elected as the new Rangbah Shnong of Saiden. as the Rangbah Shnong.
The spirit of Sundaymoon Ch.
The Magistrates have closed down these factories which have not yet received the CTO (Consent to Operate), but it was found that these factories are still operating and continue to mine coal.
“As an opposition leader who has held the post of Chief Minister for five years, I understand the excessive sleep deprivation of Dr Mukul Sangma,” he said.
Others accused are Bismita Gogoi, former Minister of Home Affairs and VK Pipersenia, former Chief Secretary.
Laitkor beat Mawkriah by 16 goals in the first leg.
Earlier this afternoon, it was reported that there were 81 new cases of COVID-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases to
It is for this reason that drug addicts can no longer stand and shed their blood just to get what they need.
Responding to the PIL filed by Bah Wankitbok Pohshna, the two-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh said, “Because many of the cases have been completed, The defendant has been given four months to complete the work.
Therefore, in order to express their opposition to the Assam border crossing in the village, the union will send a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, to challenge the border crossing. Assam and if the state government remains silent, it means that the party will not hesitate to visit the village to stop and take action against the proposal. The Assam government has seized land in the village, which is still under the Nongspung Hima of Meghalaya.
"The border arrangement only by a tympang without a book or a sla does not reach anywhere.
Saleng said that there are more challans sold than the goods used by NGT. names of coal owners who have already exported their coal and who have received approval from NGT to export.
He sustained serious head injuries when he fell from a truck in Smit on the 3rd of this month.
Many of them work in the hospitality industry or in large hotels across India.
This came to light today, after the Acting Rangbah Shnong, together with the participation of the people of Raid Umsawnongkharai, called a public meeting in the village, where the meeting could not be conducted smoothly. The Acting Rangbah Shnong has been appointed by the KHADC. When the journalists visited the village, they found that the Acting Rangbah Shnong has been forcibly appointed by the KHADC. Bah Joseph Lyngdoh, who called for the meeting, said that the group has fled because of the lack of supporters, because almost all the residents of the village do not. The Acting Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has appointed Bah Joseph Lyngdoh.
Mukhla FC beat Salaroh 2-0 in the final of the Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament 2023 which is the first time the tournament has been held by the WJDSA.
The King and his followers stayed there for several days, without showing themselves to anyone.
They lodged a complaint with the Executive Member of KHADC, Bah KP Pangniang and sent a copy to the CEM, their MDC who is also the Deputy CEM and also to the Executive Member of KHADC. the EM of the Ministry of Commerce.
He said the CEO comes in the morning and evening, but maybe he knows the intention of the employees and he did not come,” said Bah Pyngrope.
At the public meeting held at Mawduh Village Square led by Bah Blassing Marngar, Bah S.Nongsiej, Leader of the HSPDP and who has joined the party, gave a speech. Shining Myrthong, President of the UDP Nonkhnum Area, Aaron Pyngrope, LG Nongsiej and finally, Polestar Nongsiej, UDP candidate from Nongstoin Constituency.
The soil in which coffee is grown should be well fertilized.
Also present on the occasion were the Secretary of the Village Council, Bigi Suchiang, Members of the PGS Group, ASHAs, Youth Club and staff of SURE. Join PGS group and Youth Club of this village.
Police are conducting search operation to arrest about 7-8 other members.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : The UDP candidate from Nongthymmai, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, on Tuesday said that even in the new government, there will be no party that can form a government without a coalition with the UDP party. Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers, Dr. Jemino, who is also the General Secretary of the UDP, said, “No one can form a government after the elections without the UDP. “Besides, he said that if we look back at the last election, they won only seven MLAs but they got a big role to be in the government and to strengthen it.
Sajar Nangli and his troops left the Jaintia Hills via Lumding to the east (Lumding is now part of the Karbi-Anglong-Assam District).
The District Sports Officer, Jowai invites all the men and women of the district to take part in this competition.
According to the Sengbhalang leader, on the 17th of November, a marathon was held from Mawkdok to Sohra and on that day, commercial vehicles and private vehicles were seized by the police. He said that many of the residents have appealed to the police to release them because they are in a hurry, but the answer they have received is that it is not because they have been in a hurry. get command.
These two robbers were involved in robbery across Shillong city such as house robbery in which they stole gold and money.
Nongpoh: Leaders of Umden Pyllun Dorbar Village, Umden Mission Village, Umden Umsaitprah Village and Umden-Arka Village in Umroi area of ​​Ri Bhoi District, today held a program to honor Wallambok Rani, 15 years old, for his rescue of four souls, who almost drowned in the Umiam River.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Ranikor has supported four villages which strongly opposed the Mawsynram MDC election.
In the fiscal year 2022-23, the Union Government has released Rs 15,770.40 crore to 25 States in their SDRF and Rs 502.744 crore to 4 States from the NDRF. Inter-Ministerial Central Teams (IMCT) to these States, after the natural disasters, without receiving their petition.
“It is sad to have a Prime Minister who does not understand the role of the legislature and the executive.
Shillong, Jymmang 03 : The State Police will soon leave for Rajasthan to investigate the sudden death of a student from Mody University on 27th June this year.
The MDA governments of the NPP and UDP have also failed to impose that administrator rule even for more than two months.
There is a saying, 'Be the change you want to see', or be the change you want to see.
At the same time, the KSU East Jaintia Hills District Leader expressed his concern over the inadequate medical facilities at Khliehriat Civil Hospital and urged the authorities to take action. The hospital has decided to provide adequate medical equipment so that it will enable the doctors and nurses to provide services to the people of the area so that the sick can get adequate treatment from the hospital. The union urges the government and the health department to take action on this issue.
The incident happened on the morning of 25th June 2024, when the fire burnt down the house.
“Twenty-five days ago, while I was watching a movie at home and while I was sleeping and making a loud noise, everyone in that room laughed.
That means that Laimaw Laidieng was responsible for the sudden escape, but it is Raimaw Raidieng who refused.
When she was born, she went to live with her parents in Harsolav.
On the other hand, NEHU has also set a rule that students can send for subjects.
Most of the MLAs are from the NPP, Congress, UDP, PDF, HSPDP and BJP among others.
The teachers were surprised and learned about Rida's schooling from a close friend.
Ferdynald Kharkamni said that these three foreigners were detained by the security guards at the Entry Point in Umling. The KSU has sought information through RTI from the Election Branch in Nongpoh and found out that these foreigners have a Dur Epic from Umshaken. The 3 of them used Dur Epic to enter the state.
He said the police had worked hard to rescue him from the hands of the kidnappers.
“Hopefully this stadium will be completed soon in time so that we can play in April or November this year,” he added.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that three members of the polling station have been temporarily suspended and have announced that they will vote again at a polling station in the Ratabari Assembly.
Even the National Highway which runs through the city cannot be improved due to lack of space.
The MPF plays the most important role in Mizoram. Mizoram has 87 percent Christian population where the church does the most important things in society.
On the other hand, the BJP candidate Bah Dios Jyndiang explained the principles and objectives of the BJP in the constituency and the state as a whole.
If you don't believe how to stay, you can do it.
Sweet Beconia Tron, who has three children, is currently preparing to take part in the Mrs Tourism pageant to be held in Thailand on 2nd March
in addition to the service provided by journalists.
Athletes who take part in such long races have to train almost every day by running tens of kilometers.
Shillong, March 23: KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that MP Vincent H Pala should not hesitate to negotiate with the central government to mine uranium and build a railway line in this area. but he should advocate and strengthen the nation.
According to Bah Chyne, the Enforcement Department has so far conducted the census only from the Red Cross, Laitumkhrah, Dhankheti, Malki, Barik Point, Polo, Golflink and Nongmensong areas.
Between these two months if you are infected, symptoms may include:–.
Sometimes she visited him in Myndu-kba to see what he was doing.
However, as soon as the votes are cast and the government is formed, there will be a hope that will follow the struggle and disappointment of those MLAs whom they have elected, because they will find that they have made a mistake. and he went and chose him.
Under the Emergency Credit Line Guarantee scheme, the Central Government has guaranteed T 3.5 lakh crore for MSMEs. According to the report, about 1.5 crore job opportunities have been lost as a result.
This policy has not really helped the residents especially in the past years when there were few districts in the state.
He also does not believe that the United States has the highest number of cases and deaths, saying it was increased by his government officials.
Christians in different groups do not understand the true service of God, but they feel that our group is better than that of others.
Speaking to media, Lyngdoh said Mairang deserves to be upgraded from Civil Sub Division to District level.
The CAG said that from 2009-10 to 2013-2014, the Assessing Officer has found illegal use of electricity by households by checking the meter light.
Electric vehicles, although they are still very rarely used by the people in the state.
The last day was the day when the children from all over the country gathered together to showcase their talents in the field of music and dance. They also performed various dances, short dramas and others.
The Minister gave an example of the Bachelor of Arts course. Kiang Nongbah Goct College, Jowai has 98 sanctioned posts by the Government and the college charges only T.7460 per class. St. Anthony's College, Shillong, has received 101 sanction posts from the Government and has received T.69,0
UDP candidate Synshar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah received 10,833 votes while NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang received 8,018 votes.
“In my opinion, I think alone that we should dig only one hole,” said Bah Khosling Lyngkhoi Tymmen Basan of the Presbyterian Church and former Sordar of Mawbyrkhong.
Before the procession, a Holy Eucharistic Mass was celebrated at Mynshem Parish Hall by Father Hilarius Lamare, Vicar General of the Diocese of Jowai. Jowai Parish together with Father Synrop Rev. Fr.
Shillong: U Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today sought a reply from Mukul Sangma, Leader of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), on the grounds on which he should be removed. his membership as a member of the State Legislative Assembly.
This backwardness is due to the fact that the Dorbar Shnongs have not understood and exercised their powers properly.
Rollingson Dkhar and his friends allegedly assaulted Priceless Darnei until he arrived at the PHC with eye injuries that needed treatment.
May her soul rest in peace at the Dwar U Long-Blei and may she continue to strengthen her soul – the Bshi to raise the spirit of the river – to all the members of the Riew Seng, the Seng and its branches. pnat Seng all only.
They don't have any benefit to the people because these assistance from the MLAs are purchased from the MLA scheme.
In this state, which is ruled by many parties, there is no Common Minimum Program or those matters that are agreed upon by all the parties in the government for the functioning of the government.
He hid and waited at the edge of the cave to see her.
Shillong: The KSU Jaintia Hills District today together with several leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs including the Waheh Shnong of Wapungskur who is also the former Leader of the KSU and now the President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, He said that he had met with the DC of East Jaintia Hills District on the construction of the temple on the government land belonging to the Wapung C&RD Block in Khliehriat.
However, what is surprising is that when Amit Shah came to Tura, the residence of the Chief Minister, the Chief Minister fled instead of discussing the issues of the Chief Minister. the ILP and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule.
Bah Adelbert also mentioned the forest areas that need to be maintained and protected such as Ri-Kynti Forest, Village Forest, Raid Forest, Syiem Law, Adong Law and Kyntang Law if the MLAs are to raise their voice against the Forest Conservation (Amendment) Act,
From the people, the civil society and us the leaders of the people, we understand that the railway line will put the indigenous people at risk because there will always be many illegal immigrants.
Especially if the farmers can gather as they do in other countries to form a Potato Growers Association.
Wahlang said KHNAM will not push if the UDP's demand is only for personal reasons.
He said the lottery will be held online as well as the paper lottery.
Troops have blockaded Tikrit from parts of Ad-Dawr in the west and Al-Alam in the east, a military official said.
You are from Sookpoh.
Through this meeting between the Chiefs of Police of Ri Bhoi and Police of West Karbi Anglong, there was a frank discussion on the problems faced by the people living in the Meghalaya-Assam border area. Block-2.
According to Matthew, Jesus entered and left Jerusalem many times during the three years he preached the good news.
It was a memorable event for many of the participants who had never heard of Nongblai and the rivers and especially the clean waters of Nongblai which they drank along the way. man that they pass through.
Pastor Basaiawmoit said that farmers in Mizoram export biscuits outside the state and sying to the west through the MizoFed.
The MEA has received information about the incident and has started taking action on it,” said Dr Manoj Rajan, Commissioner, KSDMA. There is no political situation in this regard especially in the run-up to the Assembly elections next month in the state.
(3) That the Khasi-Jaintia Hima do not have laws or regulations to prohibit the marriage between the Khasi-Jaintia and other Himas or, if any, do not implement them properly in the Hima and Shnong.
Of these, 30,205 are female and 22,495 are male.
The union also congratulates the Rangbah Shnongs for their willingness to stand up for the welfare of the community of the 7 villages.
The JNC has set up a Western Zone in West Jaintia Hills District on 2nd July as part of its efforts to expand and strengthen the work of the JNC.
He said that this action of the government has misled the feelings of the civil society, village headmen and the people.
At this meeting, the Lyngkhoi Kur has been able to organize many different programs through the members of the Kur from different Circles.
It was a disappointing match for the batsmen and bowlers of Meghalaya but hopefully the start will be a training as the team will continue their match against Uttarakhand on Saturday.
It was also alleged that in many villages, forced to sign that the work has been completed, not all the households have received water.
“In Khasi-Jaintia, we expect to win 14 seats and in Garo Hills to win 16 seats.
Three persons were killed and two others seriously injured when a truck ML05G9528 collided with another vehicle in the area yesterday.
“If the government intends to destroy this place which is the only place to train themselves in these kinds of sports, it will cause problems to the children,” he added.
There are also those who have been involved in sports for more than 20 or 30 years, who said that this ground is where they have been playing since their time, where it is only a hand field and They also expressed their concern how we can improve sports activities if the children do not get the adequate grounds which are according to the present era.
They will always insist that children should ride in prepared buses.
Because as a people we despise our own authority, these servants of the people are no longer afraid and come and come, smile, ask if we are satisfied or if we need anything, along with new promises. .
I feel the pollution is more from industries".
We should not neglect the sick, Help as much as you can.
Basukshisha Kharkongor, who won the first prize, won 30,000 tyngka and the Skendrowell Syiemlieh Award. The second prize went to Arlene Ïawphniaw who won 20,000 tyngka and Rana. Kharkongor Award and the third place went to Albaqueen and Peacefully who received a cash prize of 15,000 tyngka and the R Waroh Pde Award.
The purpose of the vote is to replace the MLAs who are corrupt, useless, unfair, biased, unable to make laws, corrupt, corrupt, illegal, hangamei, lying, They are the most corrupt, corrupt, corrupt and money launderers who deceive the electorate.
Balen Thubru, President of JCCTA, said that the delivery of goods across the state and abroad has been affected by the increase in the price of petrol and diesel.
Besides Wanlambok, another youngster who will compete in the 33 kg to 35 kg category is Bankhmihlang Lyngdoh Nongpyiur.
“This is one of the prayers in the Lord's Prayer, which we read in the Gospel of Matthew 6:9-1
Jesus did many things.
Shillong: U John Kharshiing today met with the Incharge Elaka of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem on the issues of Hima Mylliem State in KHADC. “The revenue of the Hima Mylliem is in the tens of crores but where are the figures? For tens of years there is no count of the revenue of the Hima Mylliem. Even those 48 kurs who are ministers, many of them don't know.
Sohra Combine scored 85 runs for the loss of nine wickets in all 20 overs and Mangkara Diengdoh scored 27 runs out of 23 runs.
He said that he was deeply moved to see that one of the children who had recovered from the disease had brought a flower when he entered.
Doing so can cause division or strife between the parties.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday said that the Detection and Prevention of Benami Transaction Act, which has been amended by the state government, has no provisions to punish foreigners who commit benami transactions and also MLAs/officers who commit benami transactions. do benami in the name of others.
He arranged the household items of the young children and the shopkeepers.
Kong Wahlang said that as a participant in the beauty pageant, this pageant and her journey has made her the person she is today.
UDP MDC from Sohra constituency, Bah Titos, has been removed from the post of CEM, has been removed from the post of CEM. The Chief Minister said that the same MDCs whom he loves have turned away from him.
In this regard, a PIL has been lodged by Steid Dkhar for the reconsideration of the original documents regarding the need for additional land for the construction of Kad Lengsuiñ Umroi.
Sudhir Kumar, an IAS officer, who started working in 1987, went to the Gardanibagh police station in the afternoon yesterday but was arrested. four hours, to receive a written notice of receipt of the complaint.
(Mt.4:1; Lk.4:1-2)"...then was Jesus led up of the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil.
The incident happened last night after she went missing from her house and was searched all night and today her body was found near her house in a rice field in Rudtown.
Of course it is a difficult job because I have to travel all over the state but I will try to provide a satisfactory service to the people and we will start from Parila and we will see where we can go.
“I have already investigated and I am preparing a report to send to the directorate tomorrow,” said Dr Barthakur.
Speaking to media, EKHLTWA President Wandonbok Jyrwa said that in a meeting with the DC who is also the Chairman of the Regional Transport Authority, they have expressed that they cannot accept the order.
It is a great struggle to bring and fulfill heaven here on earth.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Ardent Basaiawmoit at a meeting in Motphran on the 12th of this month announced that the Council has appointed an officer. The Council shall be the recipient of complaints from the people of Iewduh on any issues especially to monitor the condition of the Iewduh.
“Isn't this a sign of anger or is it a fear of Modi or is it a fear that the BJP will lose ground in the state? The scheme provides 9 wtts light bulbs at the price of T.70 tyngka each with a warranty of up to 3 years.
These IEC vehicles aim to inform the people about various schemes that benefit the people and also to encourage the participation of the people in the faith in “Jan Bhagidari” to ensure full implementation. of schemes.
Bhalang thought that it must be a difference in the level of management or a difference in authority.
The KSU through this information declares that the selection process of the state government is very wrong, which violates the rights of the students who are not only Khasi but also non-Khasi. In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the Seng, Samla Donald V Thabah, the party said that the party has found many shortcomings in the state. This is the Open Category list.
“The Dorbar Shnong has been working hard to resolve this issue from time to time,” said the Secretary Shnong.
Wahlang admitted that KHNAM does not have any branch in Garo Hills as it is a party that has decided to contest only in Khasi and Jaintia Hills. Parliament is responsible for the State of Meghalaya.
The water not only filled the roads but also flowed into the houses and shops of the people.
“Me! I don't know if you've caught me,” said Rangsan and looked at his mobile as if he didn't want to listen to the conversation.
Besides Major David Manlum, three other soldiers were injured in the fighting and four militants were killed in the fighting this morning, the Nagaland Police Chief said. To LL Doungel.
The Minister said that after the issuance of the amended OM regarding the Roster, the call for recruitment in various departments will continue.
Earlier in the programme, Wailadmiki Shylla MLA Jowai was the chief guest.
He said that the police wanted to forcibly bring Bindas by saying that they would take her for treatment.
However, at the same time, the fire fighting continues in the state despite the fact that this is the largest fire in the state.
Shillong, November 21: The 'Tarik' band will release its album on the 30th of this month at Savio Hall, Laitumkhrah here in Shillong.
President Rodrigo accused God of wrongdoing on the basis of what they call original sin, which is found in the Bible.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: Thousands of Catholics took part in the Eucharistic procession today in the city to express their faith in Jesus Christ at Christians Cathedral Parish, Laitumkhrah.
The incident reportedly took place in the city of Idlib, according to media reports.
“At present, the government cannot appoint them as government teachers because we have to consider everything,” he said.
Metbah also praised their willingness to help other constituencies in Jaintia Hills including West and East Jaintia Hills.
It is the borblei who create the salonsar environment that women are more slow and slow compared to men who are more slow and slow.
The Minister will also talk to the beneficiaries in Shillong.
Therefore, O Son of the Country, be of good cheer, Don't let the thought of 'sngewpoh' deceive you; For 'yourself' alone is the master and king, Not by what you associate with others.
The Office of the District & Session Judge, South Garo Hills , Baghmara.5.
As it is known, in many districts, the presence of NGOs from any church has benefited greatly to the rural people who are still illiterate and NGOs. of the people who are committed to promoting economic development in rural areas.
They were arrested from a house in Dobu village while they were hiding there.
“There was a plan for Antonio and Enbin to visit the site, but it was postponed due to the accident of Enbin during the Monolith Festival,” said Ardent.
Therefore, we see that the Government has misused IPC 171 only to persecute those who speak for the sake of Hynniewtrep and it is an act of violence by the Government,” said a statement sent by KHNAM through Vice President Bah Thomas Passah. .
The Cell will conduct Gender Sensitization Trainings and workshops on how the Police can combat human trafficking in the States and Districts.
“We will strengthen the Village Courts, if there is a case of theft of cattle, theft of goats, or robbery, these courts can take action,” said Bah Bindo.
“We strongly condemn the robbers who robbed and injured our Rangbah Shnong because they don't have that spirit of compassion and don't have any compassion for others,” said Samla Emmon Chyrmang President KSU Jalaphet Unit.
It appears that the word “Pud” is more important to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma than the rights of the people living on the border.
In the past 24 hours, only one patient has recovered and there have been no new cases.
This shows that there is a right to live in all nations.
The government has helped us by giving us instructions, let us pay back by believing what the government says, don't resist...it is for the good of us all.
Students who took part in the march carried placards reading, “Stop the bloodshed in Manipur,” “Eye for eye will only destroy the world,” “Peace now, peace tomorrow, let us not drown the world in sorrow," “let us embrace the beauty of each culture and faith to breed peace," “stop the war.
Similarly, 58 percent of poor women in the same age group (15-49) suffer from anemia.
He said that those who wish to register will be accepted until the 3rd of this month at the KSU office in Jaiaw and Mawkyrwat in South West Khasi Hills from 11 am to 3 pm. evening.
Those who wish to participate in this training should send their names on or before the 27th of this month by 5 pm or can send them via WhatsApp No.
The funeral service will be held on the 25th July 2020 at 10 pm from her residence in Diwon and will end at Lum Jyntep of the Diwon Presbyterian Church.
The leaders of different states from time to time have been thinking how to unite all the ethnic parties and also how to unite the people and this has come true this time through this election of u “When we have united, one has become a great force that has strengthened us the Seng Riewlum so that others cannot fight against us,” said Dr. Donkupar. Roy.
His first wife was Reena Dutta and his second wife was Kiran Rao.
He said that the party does not want the market to be like Khanapara, Jorobat and Byrni where the Khasi are no longer there but foreigners have set up shops. .
The Rympei Church is the church within the Church at the family level.
see we see.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills should close down three shops of Vivek Agarwal and his family members. The three shops demanded by the protesters are GLR Pharmaceuticals, ExcelCare and another Hard Ware shop owned by Manoj Agarwal.
“I called out the name of Helpful to tell them not to kill but they didn't listen.
While Panah was sitting there, he was sitting there.
The party said that Conrad should take responsibility for this issue and should not rely solely on the help of Delhi.
The event was attended by office bearers and members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Mawkyrwat Circle and members of the Mawpud Area Unit.
Shatai violated the law and did not obey the warning of the kraw which was strictly forbidden to harvest the 'tiewlarun, until she fell into the trap of being thrown into the shiah bseiñ, which she had planted in her house. kpoh lajong without tip.
In this regard, GMTD has promised to continue their services according to the validity date.
Meghalaya, which won the toss, but agreed to score first.
In the midst of this great work of patriotism, the country has lost a great patriot of our country.
Death came because of sin.
“When we were in government, we immediately rejected it,” said Prestone.
When you get an infectious disease, tiny, invisible germs have entered your body.
Therefore, it is on this basis that we on the part of the Council will not hesitate to do what is necessary,” said the Seng leaders.
It was decided to set up this forum on the basis of fighting for the issues of East Jaintia Hills District.
“Ask the customs and traditions, answer the religion, because the religion is alive and the faith in God in the Khasi has become longdoh longsnam,” he said.
"“The PIL is after I have seen and collected information on the announcements by various departments and district administration that those who have not yet received the vaccine have to take the test, that is, to get a negative result of COVID-1 -19 once every 10 days and 14 days too," he said.
Shillong, November 04: The match between R.Shkenshynriah SC vs Moolamanoh SC and R.Wahshnong SC vs Khliehriat West YWSC will be played on 01.12.2023. Sikkim won the Vijay Merchant Trophy (multi-day match) by only 29 runs, although there were some players of the team who did well in tied and bowling. .
Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Congress MLA from Umsning constituency, has done the best by announcing in the Legislative Assembly that there is a High-Level Tribe along with the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo tribes in this constituency. state.
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : Both Mawlai and Ladthadlaboh have won their respective groups in the Meghalaya State League 2023 this month. Mawlai from Shillong Zone and Ladthalaboh from Jowai Zone.
Assam failed to score in extra time and Sikkim failed to score three goals in four shots. The match went to penalty shootout without extra time. the penalty.
“I urge the students to watch carefully and concentrate when watching meaningful films so that you can get the meaning and the good message that can help your life,” he said. added.
It is very sad to see the students of our state who are living in darkness, when they will be able to register for scholarships whether they are new applicants or not. to be renewed.
“Sharath Kamal, 39, also expressed his happiness to return to Shillong.
Therefore, our youth should be busy.
How dare you say that? That's impossible.
The competition was attended by Marbud Dkhar, Congress candidate from Mawlai constituency as the chief guest in the presence of Brightstar Marbaniang, President of the Managing Committee, A. Syiem, Principal of Christ Church Morning Bah B.Lyngdoh and others.
The total number of cases in Mumbai has risen to 22,171 and the death toll has risen to 832. Others, 19 from Mumbai, 14 from Malegaon in Nashik district and three from Pune. and Jalgaon, two from Dhule, one from Dhule Rural, Pimpri Chinchwad, Ahmednagar, Aurangabad, Nandurbar, Solapur and Vasai Virar, the state health department said.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has announced 15 players for the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy to be held by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) from from 16 March to 6 November this year.
The clashes also led to the stoning of the vehicle of the Superintendent of Police of West Jaintia Hills, Bah C.Syrti and the burning of two houses in the fields of the Pnars.
Michael Thongni in his speech, praised the Chief Officer for being a kind person and ready to help for the welfare of the youth of Meghalaya.
The search for two men who went missing from Maweit area in West Khasi Hills is still ongoing but no one has been found yet.
Not only that, in another report, it was reported that due to the lack of electricity, the work at Ganesh Das Hospital has been suspended until the evacuation of people and others has been suspended. come to the emergency room.
Chester Roy Shabong, one of the Hill State fighters, passed away on 3rd August
On the 30th of June, 2013, at Nongrah, Bah Jefferson Jana, had taken his two children away in the evening and did not return home. The body of these children was taken from a nearby forest and the investigation is ongoing.
The 28-year-old midfielder signed his contract with FC Goa in June this year.
Shillong, July 22: U Bah Jemino Mawthoh, MLA Nongthymmai Constituency and Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in the state, as the Chief Guest inaugurated a memorial to the United Democratic Party (UDP). Prof. George Gilbert Swell Rajee's funeral was held today at his birthplace in Laitkynsew, Nongkhlaw Syiemship. 20 kilometers from Sohra.
Therefore, the office of the Executive Engineer, PHE Mawkyrwat Division, Mawkyrwat informs that the registration of candidates will start from 10 to 11 am.
The needs of our youth are one of the most important.
The 33-year-old Philippine Air Force Lockheed C-130H Hercules was carrying troops to the area to fight Muslim militants. from aircraft, donated by the United States.
“I want to make it clear that we must remember that all of us here, no matter what nationality or language we speak, we always love our people, we have a patriotic spirit. but this feeling of patriotism and love for our nation will not survive if there is still a spirit of hatred and hatred of others or to insult others or to bring such things that you cannot say in this language. .
Shillong, Nailur 5: Regarding the statement of the police in some media, regarding the desire of the HNLC to talk peace with the government, the HNLC in a statement has been angry with these Police sources said that they are not happy with the peace talks, as it is a collapsed party and they want no more talks.
Jowai, November 01: The Meghalaya Pensioners Association, Jowai Branch today held a ceremony to honor Weibha Nongtdu Lakiang, a student of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai who came 3rd position in the SSLC. Examination-2022 conducted by MBOSE. The meeting was held at the Hall of the school at Mookyrdup Jowai. teachers and students.
What is so hard to see is that even candidates who have the best intentions to truly serve the people, often times only succeed and after a while they deviate from their good intentions.
The road from Bhoirymbong which should have taken only 15-20 minutes to reach Bhoirymbong has been affected by the deterioration of the road. hours and this has been one of the biggest problems in which all the people have been struggling to pass through this road.
Criticizing Helo, the leader said the app has paid about Rs 7 crore for more than 11,000 advertisements on social media, where even BJP leaders have lodged a complaint with the EC. in the last election, against these announcements.
Therefore, when I don't have any benefit to join such a party, I have decided to leave so that others can lead KHNAM as they want”.
“We have already instructed the contractors that they had to do their work properly or else they will be prosecuted or punished.
To prepare for the future of national parties, the people must show up with action in June 2024.
In the past few days and months, many people have been victimized by these criminals.
In her speech, she said that the Impulse NGO has been working for Human Trafficking in the field of drugs. and get to buy drugs.
The CSWO said that as it is a case of corruption at the Post Office, the CBI can take action and conduct an investigation to find out the truth.
However, the government has now moved slowly before taking a final decision on this issue,” the newspaper said.
“Once we have completed the public hearing, the approval of the Forest Department, and the approval of the mining plan, the current mining plan is only a procedure. completed in the next 30 and 45 days.
Bhupen Kumar Borah has been appointed as the President of the Congress party in Assam.
Speaking to reporters, he said that according to what the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has said to the media on this scheme, he has not been able to explain whether it has received the scheme. I will not be afraid.
Saying that Modi has not yet fulfilled his promises, Surjeet Singh said that now “those who have committed corruption, theft and violence against women have now entered the country. freedom under the rule of the BJP while those working for the improvement of education, health and employment have been sent to jail.
Bah Sawkmie, who is a former MLA of Mawlai, has praised the work he has done in the past 10 years as an MLA and has urged the people to enter the district council this time.
“The natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him” (1 Corinthians 2:14).
“This protest is about the raid that has already been conducted.
All these villages after the village story came to Iawmusiang at the venue prepared by the Union Waheh Chnong together with the District Tourism Officer, West Jaintia Hills to showcase the large number of people and order especially the spirit of dance. with specially prepared songs from their respective villages.
That is why Jesus said, “I know thy works, and charity, and service, and faith, and thy patience, and thy works; thank ye my servants.
She also explained that the word 'fortification' is the word to strengthen food and so it is with this rice which is allegedly plastic rice because of its different nature.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today confirmed that a person has been confirmed positive for Covid-19 identified as Gopal Chandra Bag Das, 67 years old. He died at the Civil Hospital, Shillong today.
Hamlet Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs, said that the department will soon complete all the requirements to free the Metor area from human habitation.
He also won the U-19 Boys Singles Title at the National Ranking Tournament in Dehradun in 2021 and plans to come to Shillong for the National Table Tennis Championship.
Police have identified 56 suspects involved in this incident and out of these 20 suspects, police are conducting a search operation for other suspects, especially Salseng R.Marak, who is now in custody.
Regarding the construction of the new office of the Mawkynrew C&RD Block, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that the Mawkynrew C&RD Block has been established since
“Regarding Byrnihat, the left part if you go to Guwahati still falls under Meghalaya and the left part falls under Assam.
I also wish Jowai the best of luck in hosting the Meghalaya Games next year”.
Khan has been suffering from a neuroendocrine tumor since
HNYM President Conrad K Sangma made the remarks while speaking in front of the Kiang Nangbah statue near the Civil Hospital Shillong after they were blocked by the police when they tried to turn to the Secretariat.
These tournaments include the Hero Junior Boys' National Football Championship for the Dr BC Roy Trophy 2023-24 (Tier-1) to be held in Bhubaneswar, Odisha from 5th to 15th November this year. Sub-Junior Boys' National Football Championship 2023-24 (Tier-1) will be held at Malda & Berhampore, West Bengal from 3rd to 13th November this year and Hero Sub-Junior Girls' National Football Championship 2023-2 (Tier 1) will be held from 3rd to 13th November this year in Amritsar, Punjab.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) Central Body (HFU) at Mawkhar Dorbar Hall today decided to vote in one voice. " on the kilo cutting and demand from the government authorities and the Hima of Syiem Mylliem to immediately eliminate the illegal kilo cutting in Iewduh and other places in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Shillong, March 24: The Congress MP from Andhra Pradesh, Renuka Chowdhury, on Tuesday said that the defection of people from the Congress party is because they want to join the party in power. please.
“Once they start to wake up and become aware of people, patients may be in that state of fear, thinking that they are crazy or that there is some conspiracy to steal the organs of or to punish them.
A case has been registered under the NDPS Act at Khliehriat PS and the investigation is ongoing to track down others involved.
John F Kharshiing, President of the Shooting Association of Meghalaya, and Vice President, National Rifle Association of India, launched the Official T-shirt of the Shooting Association of Meghalaya. 10th North East Zonal Shooting Championship 2023. The 10th North East Zonal Shooting Championship
Regarding the demand for a public holiday on Chad Sukra, Hek said he would inform the government.
Other demands include that the government should recognize synsar and sla tyrpad as agricultural products. “The farmers in the area of ​​12 villages cultivate synsar and sla tyrpad, we demand that the government should recognize synsar and sla tyrpad. “The government should also ensure that the farmers will not be cheated at the price of mur,” he said.
DSO Kong Balarina Syiem, elders of the area, teachers and school children were also present on the closing ceremony.
Jowai, Jymmang 19: A Police Home Guard Volunteer named Primel Bamon has committed suicide on Friday after a large branch of a kseh tree fell on his house. and he went into his bedroom.
He said that KAS has also met with former Defense Minister Rajnath Singh in July 2019 and the current Defense Minister on 24th November, 2021 in Shillong.
“If nothing is right, we will not take the decision to strike.
At least 40 people were injured and are undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Taking part in the discussion in the House, UDP MLA Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that there is an urgent need for the department to improve the services to the people in the field of health. you are healthy.
Melchior Hero Riang, who contested the examination, alleged that the government is biased in the recruitment of jobs, because those who came to take the examination did not pass, but those who did not come to take the examination. passes.
Our special thanks also go to Sanjib Banerjee, Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya for his presence on the closing day of Behdieñkhlam.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today congratulated the MLA of Sohiong constituency, Samlin Malngiang for his efforts to introduce various schemes for the Sohiong constituency.
Nongpoh, March 03: Various groups from FKJGP, CoRP, Young Minds Association and Ri Bhoi District Sports Association today welcomed and honored Lionel Daryl Rymmei. India's U-19 team scored the highest goal in the South Asian Football Federation U-19 Championship held in Nepal recently after India beat Pakistan 3-3 0 goals in the final.
I went for the campaign outside the state.
At the end of the first half, LSG beat Rajasthan Royals by 10 runs.
She also demanded that a PHC and doctors should be set up in the area so that the women can get adequate assistance when they face problems.
“Regarding the distribution of electricity in the state, Mondal said, the state is no longer short of electricity although in fact the country as a whole is facing a shortage of electricity and even the neighboring states are facing a shortage of electricity. I have the same problem.
The Garo people themselves are convinced that 1972 will be the year of registration for the implementation of the roster system for the recruitment in Meghalaya.
However, after a while, a group of children came and threw a bottle of beer at these children and in this incident three children managed to escape from the place. 3 persons returned, where it was found that these 2 children were injured in the shooting.
“We have not lost in the mid-term elections, this shows that in 2023 it will be a very interesting contest,” she told reporters.
I took up the issue of agriculture.
Shillong, Lber 31: There is a saying that the mountains give birth to children, but they give birth to children. The People's Democratic Front (PDF) today announced its new political party at its headquarters in Nongrim Hills. Ivanlum Marbaniang of Mawsynram, Working President Emlang Lytan of Nongthymmai, General Secretary Auspicious L Mawphlang of Mawphlang.
They also alleged that the secretary of the raid was appointed by the brother of the Syiem without the knowledge of the raid. The Syiem did not take note of this and they were quick to hold a protest and even turn to the District Council.
Officials said Sisodia was in a room inside the Central Jail No. 1 of Tihar where there were very few people detained inside.
One of the farmers and entrepreneurs from Mupliang village under Thadlaskein Block in West Jaintia Hills, Kong Anumahasa Sna said that she never thought that being a woman would turn into an entrepreneur. business.
Besides, the KSU has demanded to set up a block in Warsan Lyngdoh to include the villages of Mariem, Umdohlun, Wahkaji, Phlangdiloin, Domiasiat and others.
West Garo Hills SP Mukesh Singh said that after receiving information about the movements of the militants, the Special Operation Team (SOT) together with the Special Weapons and Tactics Team (SWAT) have deployed to the area. “We are still investigating the case,” said the SP. Police have recovered a pistol from the four suspects. Shillong, Jymmang 19: Police of Karbi-Anglong District Assam on the 13th of this month raided a police station in Karbi-Anglong District Assam. Four men identified as Holy Lamare, Arland War, Bun Myrten and Pynhun Lamare were arrested at Mukroh village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Mega Entertainment has revamped the rules of the costume contest, by removing the idea of ​​awarding runners-up.
Metbah Lyngdoh was elected as the new President of the UDP on 11th November, 2019 after the death of former President Dr. Donkupar Roy Lyngdoh.
Both the Rnong medals were awarded to the third and fourth place winners.
The program was conducted by the Chairman of the Association, Teibait Synnah and welcome speech was delivered by the Secretary of the Association, Beatify Synnah.
“I don't know who the BJP leader is who said that, but I think he has received false information.
These villages are very beautiful even in the cold season and they are places where people feel very healthy to be in many of these places because of the erbatemon batesi, it doesn't end to drive hir hir la. afternoon or morning.
The Minister said that at this festival, people from the states of the region will come to take part to showcase their cultures and ways of life which will be a platform to showcase to the world.
The seller of the fish said that this species of fish cannot be caught if it is cooked, but it must be used with a knife and a knife.
In each place, the enthusiasm of the people who receive it is greater than the annual pilgrimage of Muslims to Mecca, especially when two years of people have been lost.
“One person has passed without coming to sit for the examination,” said Bah Hero and added that this is unacceptable and the recruitment should be stopped.
According to him, they have not yet decided to join any party or support anyone in the upcoming elections as they are still looking at the political situation in the state.
The Minister of Social Welfare Department is Bah Kyrmen Shylla of the UDP. The people have forgotten all these corrupt deeds of the UDP Ministers. nor the future of our children who will be increasingly affected in the next five years.
“We don't intimidate the people with guns.
The development of the Ayushman card is one of the first activities under the Ayushman Bharat PM-JAY and steps have been taken to ensure that all beneficiaries of this scheme have an Ayushman card.
The Sea Riders, in collaboration with Royal Enfield, has launched a motorcycle race as part of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the 75th anniversary of the Amrit Mahotsav. Independence Day in nine states of the North East from 25th November and end on 14th November
In the second match, Hurdles CC played against Pomshutia CC. Hurdles CC won the toss and elected to tied first.
The supporters should first ask the party leaders from each constituency who they want to nominate as candidates this time to fight against the sitting MLAs. The answer is the same.
It is also learned that out of the groups of these robbers, only two have been arrested and have been charged under strict legal provisions,” said the Seng.
“We don't have enough time to criticize others, to avoid those criticisms, I feel that we should turn to our constituency what the people need first,” said Bah Pyniaid. he had nothing against others and had nothing to say to them because they were all friends.
On the demand for an increase of T.1000 per month for the disabled, the Minister said that the government will consider this if it has the money.
However, he was accused of committing the crime against women and children.
He also explained about the various programs of NYKs.
The group of students also expressed their demands to the Vice Chancellor, to provide good food and drink to the students staying in the hostel, to provide Wifi and to ensure that the students and Those who live inside the NEHU Campus are in the middle of the night.
This does not mean to collect taxes but to have such a thought to avoid fighting in the courts and to save thousands of dollars and also to have peace and order in the villages within the jurisdiction of the hima. .
Superintendent of Police, DSB, EJHD, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS, said that the seizure of the drugs and the suspects was made after receiving a tip. and thus they threw them into the road of Kongong.
Poland understands what it stands for because it experienced and went through the greatest darkness in World War II and which we all know very well what happens in Auschwitz, which six million Jews are murdered under Hitler's rule and after Stalin's regime that killed tens of thousands of Poles.
The newly released shoes, called Jesus shoes, are filled with a little holy water and consecrated by a priest and cost $3,000 or more. worth more than T.2 lakh in Indian rupees.
More than 500 residents of Mawkarah Pyllun village have joined the United Democratic Party (UDP) Mairang Circle to support the party candidate from Mairang Constituency Bah Metbah Lyngdoh in the 2023 elections. .
On 7th June, the Publicity Secretary of Lawei ba Phyrnai sent another email in which he admitted that he is a contract teacher who has been terminated.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the damage caused by the fire did not affect the traffic in Mawkyrwat and surrounding areas.
For individual events:- those who have won top positions in District Championships, Inter-Education District Level Competitions, Championships organized by the Confederations of Public Schools, CBSE, Kendriya Vidyalayas, Navodaya Vidtalayas , PYKKA and others.
The VPP is not only a political party but a mass struggle for the revival, improvement and transformation of Meghalaya.
The Player of the Match was awarded to Elbrenroy Mawthoh.
These students are studying in special schools run by Bethany Society, Jyoti Sroat Special School, Dwar Jingkyrmen and others.
Many of the people who do not support any party want a new change.
The POCSO has sentenced a man named Toi Dkhar from Jalaphet Thanamulait village to kidnap and rape a 17-year-old girl.
The BJP has won 32 MLAs out of 60 members in the state assembly.
The festival, organized by the Directorate of Film Festivals, Meghalaya, will last for three days and will feature many films such as Ri, Songs of the Blue Hills. , Ranjana - I'll Be There For You.
After the father of the children came, they went into the house to eat, but it started to rain and flooded the house and they could not even go outside the house, because of the flood. it was too much.
Not only that, but it also opens the door for people to take advantage and rob these prostitutes.
Its taste, smell and taste is also very different and unique compared to other soh niamtra from other places.
Bruce, who was scheduled to take part on Saturday, had to cancel after he contracted COVID-1
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today visited Dangar village in Mawsynram Block, where five people from the same family were killed in an incident.
He said that the street lights will be replaced by the sunlight.
Dr Kjam gave examples of diseases transmitted from animals to humans including rabies in dogs, bird flu, swine flu, TB. or tuberculosis in which many people have contracted TB from cattle.
“So in Sohra, don't count on the NPP. So I am proud of the hard work of the leaders,” he added.
The song was attended by the Khasi tyngshop Nam Mylliemngap and the singers Urmila Kharmalki and Armisha Kharbuki.
Two rooms of the Hotel Bhargav Grand have been locked and the owner of the hotel, PK Dutta, is the owner of the hotel. Former DIG of Assam and reportedly seized crores of rupees from the house of one of the smugglers, Rupam Das.
On the opening day of the strike, on the 4th; “The HNYM will sit round the table with the tied ksing to inform the government ministers, because they have turned a deaf ear,” he said.
The RSS was founded on 27th November, 1925, and will celebrate its 100th anniversary in
All the 28 MDCs of KHADC unanimously raised their hands to express their approval of the Bill.
According to Schlesinger's theodicy, suffering comes from man's own sin through his choice of evil.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 27: Three suspected heroin traffickers have been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police, following a tip-off that they were on their way from Guwahati to Shillong. .
I have not spoken anything harsh or against the churches or against anyone.
“I would like to get clarification from the government on the intention to extend the ST/SC allocation for only 10 years after the expiry of 70 years,” he said.
In the ODF Plus – Aspiring, we have 54734 villages where households and other places participate in sanitation activities through toilets, where there are SWMlaneLWM; Those in the ODF Plus – Rising category are 17121 villages with LWM and SWM along with the Aspiring category.
He said that on 22nd November 2020, the Prime Minister held a meeting with the MLAs, the MDC and the villagers of the area, to discuss the ways and means. According to the survey conducted in April 2019, the resumption of the dewbilat factory requires an investment of Rs 190.32 crore; After this inspection, the state government has come up with three options for the factory, one is to start a new MCCL at a cost of Rs 190.32 crore, to call it a joint venture or to The Prime Minister said in the House that on 24th November 2020, another meeting was held to take a decision regarding the MCCL. The joint venture has been chosen to re-operate the MCCL, as the government cannot afford to spend Rs 190.32 crore and cannot close down the plant.
“If that is the case, it is no longer freedom but lightness”.
Shillong: Four persons have been arrested in connection with planting an IED bomb at the entrance of the National People's Party (NPP) office, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today. arrested on the 7th of this month from Umphyrnai.
“This meeting with the CEM was fruitful and he promised to take action to resolve this issue because there are self style Rangbah Shnong and self style Rangbah Kur who want to get Schedule Tribe.
Speeches were also delivered by PHE Minister Marcuise Marak, Water Resources Minister Comingone Ymbon and Additional Chief Secretary Dr Shakil P Ahammed.
STEDS has been organizing this festival since last year in the name of Wah Lukha, the largest and most famous river in Jaintia Hills.
If the Harijans decide to protest if they are evicted... We the Bhalang are also prepared to protest if the government does not evict them.
“Shad Ñiam Behdeiñkhlam Happy New Year to you all.
Most of us know that excessive viewing of screens – whether computers or mobile phones – causes sleep deprivation and affects the functioning of the body parts especially the eyes.
In terms of water supply, the government has not been able to do anything, it has to rely on its own wells near the farms and in the hills.
Naba said that due to the lack of training grounds, most of the players do not have the opportunity during the rainy season and this has affected when it comes to playing outdoors.
The Puja Committee has also decided to hold the Puja according to the Hindu almanac and the SOP stipulates that the idols should not be more than 5 feet tall.
Hundreds and thousands of vehicles have transported mawthup, coal, ore, soil and shyiap from Khasi Jaintia Hills.
According to information received through the Public Information Act from the Information Technology (IT) Office, in 2013-14, the government has spent T.2,70,69,420 crore for the purchase of tablets and distributed to 25139 students of Class XII and 119 tablets more.
“We know that Indian citizens use Bangladesh SIM cards.
The second goal was scored before the end of the first half through Basuklang after Knerktilang's assist for a 2-0 lead.
In the under-16 (girls) 2000m, Lyntijingkyrmen K Jahrin of South West Khasi Hills (00:07:22.32) won the gold medal. Banrihun Lyngdoh of South West Khasi Hills (00:07:55.85) won the silver medal.
He said that Article 1 of the Constitution of India says that India is Bharat, so if we change the name to Bharat, all these things will have to be changed and it will affect the cost of living that the taxpayers will have to pay. to pay.
“It's not a matter of choice but it depends on the person because when a person needs it, they have to do it,” said Naik.
Shillong, July 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Thursday distributed shatri to 200 students of four schools in Mawlai Mawlaiong Umjapung village. St. Denis, Ai Jingshai, Tiewdohmaw and Presbyterian Secondary School.
However, only 544 of the injured are still undergoing treatment in hospitals in Israel.
In the second leg, Lion SC drew 1-1 with Tpep-Pale, Niawki Phawa scored the first goal for Lion SC in the 59th minute.
Pressure group : a pressure group is a gathering of several people.
He said that before 2008-2009, if someone produced 2,000 cassettes, all of them could be sold, but now one person will buy only one cassette. you're right.
There are 971 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 339 cases in East Khasi Hills including 24 Armed Forces and 315 civilians, 15 cases in West Khasi Hills District. cases in South West Khasi Hills, 258 cases in Ri Bhoi district including 6 cases in Armed Forces and 252 cases in civilians, 86 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 26 cases in East Jaintia Hills. , in West Garo Hills, 160 cases including 31 Armed Forces and 129 civilians, 7 cases in South Garo Hills, 11 cases in South Garo Hills and 11 cases in East Garo Hills. 50 cases and 16 cases in North Garo Hills district.
She said how can they suspend her when the DC of East Khasi Hills who sent the inquiry has not received a reply or show cause notice from the JE. She said that so far, she has received a show cause only from the Chief Engineer of PWD. asked why she went to the media to talk about the problem because it was a household chore.
These machines have to be installed in safe places to avoid any theft.
The Khasi people have never been united since ancient times.
Shillong, June 11: As part of the revival of the famous game of the 1990s, the Khasi Hills Chapter is now preparing to hold a ball bearing tournament on the 30th of this month. in Kharang, East Khasi Hills.
In the last eight years under the leadership of Prime Minister Duh, India's coal industry has experienced unprecedented growth and has emerged from the darkness it has been in for many years. now.
“As a patriotic leader, no matter where you live, I am ready to talk to Assam to stop this plan. However, I urge you Khasi Pnars who live here in Barak Valley to provide your documents so that when we go to talk we will be on a firm foundation”.
The FCI will purchase 98,000 units at T.14.65 each at a cost of T.14.35 lakh.
Not only has she played well in terms of wicket taking, but she is also the best bowler among the seven bowlers of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the MP promised to assist for the building of the Vocational Training School and 10 computers while he also distributed the well to the MLA and to build a water well to the MDC of Mowkaiaw.
Shillong, Nailar 08: The murder of a young woman from Umlyngka has shocked the people especially the parents and young women and children.
The Education Cell of KSU South West Khasi Hills District will collect the issues related to education in the rural areas and will soon meet with the relevant authorities to inform them. on the sectors of education in rural areas.
On the other hand, the DC of SWKHD has convened a meeting with the farmers along with the Veterinary Doctors to discuss this issue.
This class consisted of 45% female students and 55% male students.
Jowai, Nailur 24: The 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has been postponed to the semi final. on the 27th and 28th of November at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, East Jowai.
In April 2023, in a suo moto case, the High Court expressed its regret over the deaths of Under-Trial Prisoners due to excessive torture by the investigating authorities.
God knows better than you intend to do.
The Government of Meghalaya should wake up and not wait until the youth show and express their anger.
Therefore, for those who have any jobs within the bank, they can go to the SBI Bank, to complete their banking transactions.
Shillong, Lber 9: U MDC of Mawlai, Bah Process T Sawkmie on Tuesday met with the Parish Priest of Mawlai Parish, as a sign of respect for him, after being elected by the constituency. U Bah Sawkmie u la met as a sign of respect to the Mawlai Parish and also to offer assistance for many schools under the Parish, as there are many LP schools under the Mawlai Parish. Fr.
When asked about the vaccine, one of the mothers said that she doesn't know anything about the vaccine. mute aiu Vaccine.
Speaking to reporters during the Samadhan Yatra, Nitish said that if anyone came into the party and decided to leave, he was free to leave. you are the one who will do it.
“How to cleanse: Mix 1 tablespoon of castor oil and 1 tablespoon of rose water in a small bowl.
The celebration was led by MPCC President DD Lapang on Saturday at Congress Bhawan.
These Bangladeshi companies came to India (Meghalaya) through the border crossing at Tamabil.
She said that she often feels lonely, because even though she does good deeds and has plans to improve the community, she has faced many negative criticisms.
He added that the MCTA has raised two issues on the NEP at this meeting, which includes the technical part and the academic part. “I have informed the VC and his team that this notification has a serious shortcoming and this notification has been implemented without the approval of the Academic Council,” said Bah Rani.
Bah Rothell Khongsit, Leader of the Village Council who has been involved from time to time in the development of Kongthong Village and the Khat-arshnong area congratulated Prof.Sinha. and Bah Michael Kharsyntiew who have been quick to take the lead for the development of this village.
On the increase in the price of petrol and diesel, Rahul Gandhi said, “The price of petrol and diesel has affected the people of the country. very heavy".
It is learned that the suspect blew himself up in the vehicle when he arrived at the scene and there was no protection, but all the occupants of the vehicle were not injured. .
Any government servant, whether an officer or a politician, who uses public money to enrich himself is corrupt.
The TMC candidate has appealed to the people to give their confidence to the TMC party so that they can bring about change in the state, so that they can get the next government after the elections. It is the government that will listen to the concerns of the people and bring about economic development to the people of the state.
These five years have not been very difficult for the people because they have accumulated enough wealth to build many street houses in every part of the city and flats in every city of the country. India.
This worship is very important.
Our ability to choose where to spend our money also opens the way for the development of the country in all aspects.
“Once, I went to a small village in the Nandurbar area.
Upon arrival, the athletes were welcomed at a special function held at Hotel Assembly, Shillong.
Decision Desk HQ, which tracks US politics, said Pennsylvania gave Biden 20 electoral colleges, which is now 273 votes.
What if the State Reservation Policy – ​​1972 or the Job Reservation is abolished? Or what if the A'chik or the Hynniewtrep is based on merit?  Or how if to escape war from such conflicts and also to maintain only goodness between A'chik and Hynniewtrep, that we should be prepared to walk on our own path, like that? Lot and Abraham? We also have our own Achik or Garo State and we also have our own Hynniewtrep State.
However, our people in ignorance, in backwardness, in lack of knowledge, as soon as they see that these border guards are talking about this issue, they fall down and worship. Politicians and political parties earn a lot of money.
She also met with the Rangbah Shnongs and Waheh Shnongs of Khasi and Jaintia Hills, community leaders and others, who came to participate in the celebration.
She said that many of the hill tribesmen struggle to avoid taking these subjects, so she encouraged the students to be brave and take science as a subject to exalt them in all respects.
Crimes like the murder of Graham Staines in Odisha more than 20 years ago, the horrific incidents against Christians in Kandhamal in 2008 and many others in various parts of the country especially in those states “The authorities are silent as if they are giving permission to the perpetrators,” said Rev Dr EH Kharkongor, Recording Secretary of the meeting.
Besides, there have been many incidents of deterioration of the highway from Mawryngkneng to Mookyndur, deterioration of the road at Jowai By Pass and so on.
The family members of Phibankyntiew have gone to the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills to request for the release of the post mortem.
Shillong, July 10: Two youths from Umlyngka-Mawria village were killed and another seriously injured in an accident at 5 Mer Upper Shillong.
Mawkyrwat, July 29: The Principal of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, Mawkyrwat, has been appointed as the Principal of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat. The National Education Brilliance Award (NEBA&S) 2022 was announced at a function held at Welcom Hotel by ITC Hotels, New Delhi on May 15,
He said that if the people elect him as MDC, his goal should be to protect the land, to preserve the customs and traditions, to prevent the influx of mynder into the state. also to fight against the issuance of trading licenses to foreigners to set up businesses in the state.
“It is better for all these MDCs to resign because of the fact that on the border the ADC of Assam has received the seat of honor and recognition while the ADC of Meghalaya has the same right. He has no vision and no firm position and no seat to sit at the table to discuss the border between Meghalaya and Assam,” said the statement.
The union will also lodge a complaint against these two persons involved in the incident.
In the health sector, the government has taken measures to improve the quality of health services and also to improve the health facilities.
Other revenues include stationery and printing, taxes on motor vehicles, taxes on prossional, civil work and development miscellaneous receipt, grant-in-aid for protection of tribal land and interest, revenue from toll gates.
The Eastern West Khasi Hills District Cricket Association (EWKHDCA) has concluded the 2nd T20 Cricket Tournament 2024 with Hurricane winning the title after beating Nongthliew CC. on Friday at KSA Mairang Stadium.
Shillong: U Parmeshor Roy, 54, has committed suicide in Pynursla.
“The BJP as it is now has only increased differences across the country.
Then the Supreme Court, the meeting with the Director of Tribal Affairs to ask for assistance such as special schemes in the council and others.
Three speakers will be appointed, three to speak in support of the MoU and three to oppose and each speaker will be given 15 minutes,” said the Seng.
AIS Suja.
He said that the area is lagging behind in all aspects and the people need officers who work honestly and cleanly in providing services without discrimination.
A case has been registered against him at Lumdiengjri Police Station under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
On another occasion, the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that the schools in the village should be opened by the school principals. , but it is only that children benefit if parents allow their children to go to school.
Police have implemented Sections 160 and 91CrPC and informed all Rangbah Shnongs and will seek information and clarification on the incident as reported in the media. They also sent a police team to various villages especially Musniang to investigate the incident. Police are conducting a thorough investigation to get more information on the incident.
The two foreign workers who spoke insulting language were identified as Arun Kejriwal-AVP, Corporation Affairs and Umesh Yadav, GM-Mines.
“If all your children were studying outside, how would you feel?” asked the father.
I have chosen a solid foundation.
He expressed and thanked God first of all for the spirit of knowledge of man and knowledge of God, the spirit of love or knowledge is still alive in the society and the nation and he has worked with the government to curb the spread of the disease.
In reply, NGH managed to tie for 110/3 in 13.1 overs, with Rakseng Marak tied for 51 and Damewanpynkhraw for 3/1
In 2019, he went to support Bah Carnes Sohshang who won the MDC election,” he said. “When my friendship with Bah Carnes didn't work out, I went to support Bah Renikton in the MLA election which we won,” he said.
I remember the story of a friend of mine from Malki, who passed away over 25 years ago about a drunkard’s dream.
In a statement, Chairman Khrawbuit Ryntathiang and Secretary HS Suting said, “We suggest that the draft Clan Bill of KHADC should be posted in the public domain such as the media. He also gave an opportunity to the various Khasi Kurs to look into it and think carefully before submitting it to the District Council.
It was also necessary for the villagers especially in the fields to have guns according to the permission of the government which they used to give to protect their crops.
On behalf of the District, a speech was delivered by the Chairman of the Committee, Rev.DL Syiemlieh and Secretary of the Committee, who recalled the Ministry of the Lord Jesus, the Healing of the Body and Spirit ( Healing Ministry).
If we open the door of hope, Pongshai from the Syrdeng enters.
On the 12th June, 2024, the workers of the Congress Party in South West Khasi Hills District and the Mawkyrwat Block Congress Committee have left.
Shillong, Lber 24: The United Democratic Party (UDP) MP candidate Paul Lyngdoh will campaign for the election on the 26th of this month at Mawkyrwat on Tuesday at 11 am.
Police found that the suspect was in possession of an injection needle in his hand and two pills.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong U-19 have won both their group matches and have qualified for the semi final.
Khyriem said the KSU is not against the construction of the railway line in the state because the KSU does not want development works to be affected in the state. The government needs to introduce strict laws to ban the infiltration of foreigners into the state,” said Daniel.
There is a protest, why the Congress is opposed to the CAB is not to include Muslims. If it includes Muslims, the Congress will not oppose.
“This decision and especially the consensus of these MDCs and party leaders, I cannot accept, because how can I answer the people if they ask me questions.
There are 1180 students studying Arts and with the intention of starting the Science and Commerce Stream it is expected that the enrollment will increase significantly and the College has started works to start the Science and Commerce Stream. Honors Course in B.Sc.
Therefore, the establishment of the MCH hospital in Nongstoin will be a great blessing to those newborns and the poor mothers of West Khasi Hills.
The S.P.strongly pleads to one and all for a collaboration in eradicating this evil from our society as a whole.
“It is not just 10 inches of our land that they should take and we should take our land.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 20: In order to promote cleanliness in Nongstoin and to avoid pollution of the environment and the surrounding areas, the District Swaach Bharat Mission West Khasi Hills, in collaboration with the office of The Deputy Commissioner and the Seng Samla New Nongstoiñ, on the second day, held a public awareness campaign on cleanliness and how to avoid the spread of obsolete items, such as plastic bottles and garbage. , which pollute the environment and pose a health risk.
Dr KC Ajar, District Medical Health Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, said that the protective equipment and medical equipment have been delivered to the CHCs and PHCs in the district.
Being an MLA is not a job and it is very difficult.
Remember this person still has a case of corruption and it is a shame to the nation that such people will reoresent our nation.
On this day, despite the heavy rain, the monument was unveiled and after the unveiling, a ceremony was held in which traditional singers from the Musical Institute Nongstoiñ College and others performed. .
Shillong, Naitung 30: The BJP MDC from Tura, Bernard N Marak, on Tuesday demanded that the appointment of Deputy Commissioners (DCs) and Superintendents of Police (SPs) should be done by the owners. states that have information about the Khyrnit Bahynriew.
The new office bearers of FKJGP Thadlaskeiñ circle are President Restom Rymbai, Vice President Kamni Shylla, General Secretary Embhahlang Sariang, Asst Secretary Heipormi Suting, Organizing Secretary Phrangki Kyndait, Asst Organizing Arwotki Myria -Medri Mynsong, Asst agriculture sect- Linus Mukhim, Sport secretary- Nidalam Rymbai, Asst sport secretary- Pham Pakma, Information secretary- Eddie son Pariat, Education Secretary – Shawit Sariang, Chief Advicer- Ma Loo Challam.
Out of these 41 cases, 31 cases returned to their villages and fell ill the next night, on the 10th of June.
According to the Assam Amended Rule 1965, non-government teachers (deficit/adhoc) can take part in any job they are qualified for if the school management does not oppose them.
Shillong, Jymmang : The National People's Party (NPP) Shella constituency has elected another Congress leader, Bah Mosjo Wanswett, who is also one of the candidates for the mid-term elections from the constituency. The MLA of the constituency, Dr. Donkupar Roy.
He said that some countries mine coal but the old land is being converted into agricultural land and other activities for the benefit of the people.
And he sent two of his disciples, saying unto them, Go ye into the village over against you; and straightway ye shall find an ass tied, whereon no man ever sat: loose him, and bring him hither. and if any man ask you, Why do ye loose him? thus shall ye say unto him, Because the Lord hath need of him. The owners asked them, “Why are you untying the colt?” And they said, The Lord hath need of him. And they brought him to Jesus: and they cast their garments upon the colt, and they set Jesus thereon.
“There have been many suggestions in the past and we have struggled to find solutions because this problem is so volatile," he said.
Deputy Commissioner Karimganj has written to the DC of Sylhet, Bangladesh to request for assistance in the search for the child.
Sometimes in the ages a person goes away and doesn't speak the Word of God.
“Through this honour, he will also be an example to others to work hard in any field and especially to bring about development and to work fairly not only for personal gain,” he said. said Bah Swangre and added that the Seng Samla as a whole wishes him all the best and wishes him the best of luck in his service to the community and the region.
“One thing I want to say is that I see that there are those who take advantage,” said Bah Bindo Lanong.
Three Mawlai players scored hat-tricks, Baiarkynti Mylliemngap in the 3rd, 18th and 54th minutes, Makrisha Songthiang in the 34th minute and Makrisha Songthiang in the 34th minute. 39, 61 and 63 and Charlinda Nongtdu in the 58th, 67th and 70th minutes.
He said that he requests the cow farmers to come out so that they can get a count of the cows that have been infected.
The father explained that if he had a high school in the village, he would not have been able to go to school but he would have continued his studies and he would have been able to eat saphit-maphit.
“This disease also affects men because of the lack of strength due to excessive consumption of alcohol and cigarettes,” said Dr Sharma.
The priest of Nongkynrih, on the day of the burning of Bahrit Blister, told how they wanted to leave the smit together with Bahrit Blister, with joy and happiness after the Syiem's ​​funeral. office of the Hima Khyrim and told them to wait a little, but only until they found the body of him who had been buried at Wahumiew the next morning.
At the same time, the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Ri Lum Jaintia, would like to thank the Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS who came to visit Saipung and witnessed with his own eyes the situation of the villagers. villages and townships in the Saipung area, which still need a lot of support from government departments to promote the development of the area.
Several groups have come to encourage and donate assistance as much as possible in support and condolences to the victims.
“I think the TMC will not get more votes than the BJP. In my opinion, the TMC will come last in Garo Hills this time.
This will be alongside Hindi and English as has been done in Assam, Manipur and Mizoram,” he said.
The subject of culture is one of the blood vessels of any nation because it is a witness, the root of the nation's identity when it came into this world from the beginning.
Battilin Kharkamni, 43, of Mawlai Mawdatbaki, EK Hills, was admitted to Dr. HG Roberts Hospital Shillong on 24-05-2021. She died on 29-0 -2021Cause of death: Severe Covid-19 Pneumonia Bah Reggae Kharhujon, 34, of Risa Colony, EK Hills, died at home on 28-05-2 Bhanwar Singh, 72, of Laitumkhrah, EK Hills, died on 27-05-2021 at Ampati Hospital Shillong. -2021 at Nazareth Hospital, ShillongHe passed away on 28-05-2
Speaking to the people of Raij Mukhla, the Chief Minister said that he wants this Behdeinkhlam to be held from year to year with the participation of many churches.
She said the Government will talk to the North Eastern Space Applications Center (NESAC) and other agencies to help provide advance warning so that we can be protected before life-threatening incidents happen.
The sympathy vote and the inheritance vote never work.
The suspect first shot a passerby near the railway station in Aargau Canton, which has a population of more than 12,000 and is about 60 kilometers or 38 miles from the west. of Zurich.
Shillong, Jymmang, 28: Synsar farmers from Mawsynram, Ri Bhoi and other areas on Tuesday expressed their concern over the sudden drop in the price of synsar in the state. Leaders of the Hill Farmer Union (HFU) turned to MECOFED, Mawiong to inquire about the price of synsar.
Jowai, Lber 21: The Deputy Commissioner (Election) of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai on Tuesday said that after the Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the date of the elections, The Election Department of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has set up a Call Center 24×7 at the DC's office. Those who wish to receive information or lodge complaints in connection with the Elections to the Lok Sabha may call at these numbers; 1950 / 03652-295229.
“The Seng said that these illegal activities have affected in many ways, namely the income of the society because the increase in the price of goods in the market has also affected the the people of the state especially in the rural areas.
There are other words which are general, which have their own masculine or feminine forms which mean or have the same meaning according to that general word.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Governor, Bah Augustine Shanpru, who was in the group with Bah Madal Sumer, said that the Governor has informed that he will comply with Article 192 of the Constitution. rule the country.
“However, we have appointed a committee to look into the distribution of the drugs to ensure that the distribution of the drugs will be done in the right manner by the government departments,” she added.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has congratulated the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma as the Chief Minister of the State Government for taking the initiative to build the new road. especially in the Ri-Bhoi area which is the main route for people coming through Assam.
The nomination form should be submitted on or before the above date to the Chairman or Secretary of the Election Committee.
Nongstoiñ: The attack on the residents of Malangkona area by the Assam police has been going on for about two months since the incident on the 8th of this month. About 573 residents of Huhuapara village have been displaced due to the attack by Assam police.
In 1982, some of us former members of the KSU together with other friends and members of the Tribal United Front under the leadership of (L) Bah Wifel Slong in many meetings, we decided to mark the rew law to give shares to sons and daughters.
We consider ourselves members of an oppressed country where the government uses tricks to divide the people, and the government is run by people who are not from the Hynniewtrep people,” he said. u Bah Saincoup.
The relatives said that the doctors of the hospital did not want to treat Dissency and said that she was sick and ordered her to go to Shillong to give birth.
In the midst of these problems, even the leaders of the people such as Ministers and MLAs have closed their eyes and hidden themselves before entering the Secretariat because they are afraid that some teachers from the constituency will not see them! Now that teachers are sitting further away, no longer opposite their office, it will allow them to recover as they please because they are free from seeing their faces every day.
The Director of Health Services Dr A War and the Executive Engineer of the Health Engineering Wing visited Mawryngkneng PHC and talked to the village leaders to meet all the demands of the 6th Dorbar Shnong today.
The reason for the cancellation of the festival and all the programs on the opening day of the festival is due to the sudden change in the circumstances. and to avoid any incident to the participants of the festival.
It cannot be said that the history of India's independence also includes stories and events that tell us about hundreds and thousands of women heroes in different parts of the country who sacrificed their lives. life.
The Peace Rally of South West Khasi Hills District will be held on the 25th July 2023 from 11 am to 1 pm as part of the support for the strike. of the president general of the VPP with his team.
Israel had to fight hard to get and establish its own country and many of us Christians look at this country as a holy country and we talk about the strength of this country as if it were if Israel is strong and prosperous economically, we are strong and prosperous with them.
There is no way to improve the quality of education accepted by the Ministry of Labour.
It was later promoted as part of the 150th anniversary of the Gospel in
Bipin earned 2/33, while Aryan (1/28), Swastic Chettri (1/29) and Sudhir Sahani (1/36).
The village is bordered from the east by Upper Nongdubir, Nongdubir, Lum Mawblei, Porla Nongtrai, Porshken, Mawsmai, Mawkhar, Hawei, Agreng, Poriu, Jasyllar, Madanjira, Mallang Sildubi and Mallang Siminaguri.
During the meeting, Ma Sniawbha had the opportunity to discuss with the President on many issues especially on the issues of strengthening the status of women in all fields from trade, politics to works in society.
Besides providing income generation to the artists, the MGMP is also a key project to promote music in the state and at the same time will also allow tourists to learn more about the traditional songs of can the State.
According to the findings of the Rangbah Shnong, the Syiem of Rambrai Hima has issued a No Objection Certificate dated 25th Jan
It is not to condemn those who don't speak English but when the House demands to speak in English, how should we do it? as you wish.
“Any party can write, I cannot stop them from writing to the Government of India but this does not mean that it is the basis of the State Government because the State Government has already decided to Uranium mining in Meghalaya has been closed,” said the Prime Minister.
The program started on Tuesday at Sualudong, Thangbuli.
The NPP has told the Ministers/MLAs of the UDP that if they still want to be ministers or in the government, they should fight for a 2/3 majority, the MLAs should join the NPP. The NPP believes that it will not be strong in Khasi-Jaintia.
Because he has just spoken in general, I don't know what he means by saying that the MDA Government has failed.
It is learned that the robber had tried to rape the child but due to the struggle of the child, the robber managed to rape the child. The child was found by her brother and escaped from the hands of the robber.
Hopefully, since there are already some women MDCs, they will be able to discuss this issue and thus bring an amendment to this Act.
In the second match of the same day, Mylliem Grass Root played against Kick Start Football Academy and in this match both teams beat Kick Start Football Academy. Mylliem Root Grass from 4 to 1.
He said that if the state government wants to bring peace and stability in the state, it should completely stop this plan to bring a casino in Ri Bhoi. If the state government acts by force, the party will not hesitate to show its force against this empty house which affects the honor and dignity of the state.
To date, more than T.2.42 lakh crore has been distributed to more than 11 crore farmers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: A helicopter carrying the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma from Tura to Shillong on Tuesday crashed at UCC College, Umïam Ribhoi District. the light of the heavens.
At the beginning of the day, the statue of St. Paul in front of the church was unveiled and blessed.
At the same time, Nicolas feels that he doesn't need Marvel films to promote himself where other films produced by other companies have really helped him to gain recognition from many.
“There are also Rangbah Shnongs, not all of them who have been with me from the beginning, but when the election time comes, they have turned around and spent money together. which will not do anything for the development of the people,” he said.
“The players of the team have started their preparations for the WTC23 to be held at Arundel Castle Cricket Club,” the BCCI said. Rahul Dravid and bowling coach Paras Mhambrey, where they discussed the preparations for the match.
This was announced by the Minister of C&RD, Meghalaya, Bah Hamlet Dohling after laying the foundation stone for the construction of the office at a function held at Mawsynram.
The funeral service will be held on the 1st June, 2022, at 1:00 pm at the Mawprem Catholic Cemetery.
It may be recalled that the FCI employees have started their strike from the 25th of this month but will continue their strike on the 6th of this month which will be followed by the 27th of this month.
Earlier, during the rule of the Congress party, the travel of MLAs and ministers of the Congress government was no longer a pleasure, only to discuss party affairs which did not affect the state and there were some cases. that they went to Delhi just to spend their time, without any purpose.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, she said that she has been working hard every day without rest. There are those who go to the fields to work in the fields just to get food in the morning and in the evening.
“It may also be that he cannot accept his own mistakes and be like a person who lost an election, he does not admit that he lost an election because he made a mistake. “But they accuse others that he has spent money or something and this is what we used to do here,” he said.
These voters are from Khasi and Jaintia Hills,” said Bah Pala.
To date, 99 smart cities have been selected across India and with this announcement, the Government of India has selected 100 smart cities.
At the meeting, Ma Mukhim criticized the ILP which is the cause of the protests in these days and said that as teachers they should understand that it is difficult to implement the ILP in the state. , because Garo Hills cannot be included in the ILP because it does not fall under the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act
In the field of health, he launched a scheme to upgrade three PHCs, Kynshi, Myriaw and Maroid from 5 beds to 10 beds.
According to the law, if these MLAs are disqualified, they will lose their right to contest the elections.
“The index has a part from Michael Green, CEO of the Social Progress Index, who said, “The Social Progress Index report releases the power of ranking and provides tools that are appropriate for the Central Government and the State Governments to take measures for the benefit of the people of India.
The KSU said that if the NDPS Act remains weak and strong as it is now, it means that drug abuse and trafficking will increase because the weakness of the Act will encourage more and more people in the state and especially those who In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the Seng, Samla Donald V. Thabah, the Seng said that the state has been turned into a hub for drug trafficking and drug trafficking.
He is suspected to be involved in the murder of a man under the Nongstoiñ PS Case recently.
The Young Mizo Association (YA) has demanded that a strict law be passed that any Mizo woman who marries a Dkhar will lose her rights as a Scheduled Tribe. The party, in a meeting on Thursday.
“I want to know why the general secretary of the AICC cannot speak about the Congress' genocide of 4,000 Sikhs in 1984, and Rajiv Gandhi has banned it from speaking in the House.
The Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, Pratima Bhoumik on 15th June, launched the Skilled Training Program under the PM-DAKSH Yojana. for persons with disabilities in Shillong.
He said that the people involved in this trafficking are those in power who make money from the marketing of human beings.
Why? Answer: Because of pride, selfishness, jealousy and contempt for others has made me rich.
Assam police came to arrest them and when the Assam police came, the crowd came out and it reached the point of heavy fighting in which some of the elderly were bombed. lathi lathi by the Assam police until the bodies of the victims were bleeding and suffering severely.
At that time, Moses said, “I prayed to the Lord and said, “O Lord God, destroy not your people and their inheritance, whom you brought out of Egypt with a mighty hand.
The Priority House Hold (PHH) quota will be distributed free of cost at the rate of 5 kgs per head per month.
AA Shullai said this after one of the leaders in the political party, Madonbai Rymbai, who is also the former CEM of JHADC, came forward to give his full support to Shullai. MLA candidate 2023 from 2-Jowai Constituency.
Call 7742307038 to arrange your accommodation.
Meghalaya has recently exported to Dubai sohñiamtra which is known all over the world for the purity of this variety which comes from the northern parts of the state.
Rida said again, “Now I understand... Don't be afraid, son, we will do this.
Earlier, at 11 pm, he will leave for Jowai where he will meet with the people of the area to discuss their issues and feelings.
Bety Jyrwa said that the union will continue to wait until the end of the Dorbar Synrai and after that it will meet with the Minister of PWD to seek clarification on the road. They promised that if the government remains silent, they will proceed with the decisions as announced.
AM The Union invites all the members of the Central Executive Committee to attend the meeting so that the objectives of the Union will be achieved, said EG War Publicity Secretary MUPSTA Central Body in a statement.
The Supreme Court today suspended the decision of the Gujarat Sessions Court to remove Rahul from his MPship after he filed a complaint against Modi for insulting all thieves in the country.
Pravin Bakshi, Secretary Health and Family Welfare Department and CEO MHIS, said that there are 3.47 lakh households in the Socio Economic Caste Census category and these will be covered by the PMJAY, while 7 lakh households will be covered by the PMJAY. Two others will be covered by the MHIS Phase IV Health Insurance Scheme.
Compliance with health rules (wearing masks properly and social distancing) is essential at this time whether at work or at home. ha sem as well.
In 2018, the Congress will start to lose the MDA led by Conrad Sangma as the CM of the NPP. ruled for over the past 49 years.
“We want to win with dignity, we send our condolences to the Late HDR Lyngdoh, God has allowed him to take over and God has allowed Bah Samlin to take over from
Speaking to media, the president of the Seng, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that in this regard, the Seng has submitted a memorandum to the CEO. “We demanded that they should take immediate steps to evict all these illegal immigrants and to demolish all the buildings in this area,” said the president of the Seng.
So if he stops the loss of students is huge.
What makes us wonder is what would have happened if the video had not been released yesterday? The incident happened on January 4, 2023, but the video was released yesterday which means that no one has been able to find those involved in the cleaning and be- ijot ia these women.
Besides this, they will also benefit from the implementation of the Ayushman Bharat Yojana and the food security scheme of the central government.
HER song encourages everyone to be content and enjoy what they have while recognizing the value of community and teamwork," Sawian elaborates.
Besides Eborlang Phawa Kjor, Nidawanshwa Dkhar was elected as the working president of Laskein Circle, Desa Rabon as vice president, Yooky Shylla as general secretary and others.
Criticizing the Government on this, he said that once upon a time, all the land was owned by the people, but the land was given back to the Government to use for the service of the people.
That dark night will pass and the darkness will flee as that day of the coming of the Lord draws near.
Neverlyne Nongphlang, said that the union received information about the incident at 8 pm, and as soon as they learned about the incident, the members of the union, They immediately went to the DC's office in Nongpoh and found the girl.
So they both grab a cup of tea and start drinking.
All three Meghalaya batsmen played well, Nakul Verma tied for
The most important honor is that they know how to honor Bei Rymaw, who provides for us.
There are those who ride buses or other commercial vehicles.
Police have recovered 25 boxes of soap from a man named Mizazur Rahman from Silchar, Assam.
Carnes will contest the MLA election from the Congress.
Pro Pastor in his speech based on the Word of God from the Book of Daniel 6:16 which says “Then the king commanded, and they brought Daniel, and cast him into prison. and he cast him into the pit of the lions.
The AITC has tried to spread the election campaign through the media and that many have registered, but it is only an attempt by the party.
He said that in this government, all the parties should be in the government because Meghalaya is a small state, it needs to work together.
The meeting was also attended by Meghalaya Trinamool Congress President Charles Pyngrope, Opposition Leader George B Lyngdoh, Vice President of the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress. James Lyngdoh, Vice President of the party and other party leaders.
That means that because God is a spirit, man is a spirit.
Benedict R Marak, MLA of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that his desire to resign is to join the party which the people themselves want because they have seen the development of the party. par that the central government has brought.
He said that there has been no new demand, but the HPC has requested that there be no change in the demand which they have already demanded earlier.
The council has now given until July 30 to renew trading licenses due to the lockdown to combat COVID-1
This was announced by the Principal Secretary, Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, GHP Raju.
This allocation of revenue is from the revenue of T.72,961.21 crore, which has been released by the Central Government to all the States of the country.
When asked whether the party will do anything to resign the Prime Minister, Paul said the party will do its duty to force the Prime Minister to resign.
Shillong: Sohra received 171.2mm of rainfall today, the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said.
Other speakers who attended the ceremony were Bah Kyntiewborlang Syiemlieh, President and Office Bearers, Nongspung Hima Youth Association, Bah M Rani, Acting Chief, Bah D Syiemlieh, Secretary, Bah S Nongbet, Jt Secretary. Nongspung Hima, and other office bearers of the Nongspung Hima.
I am confident that India will achieve these goals with the relevant income requirements.
However, in the middle of the game, the players and goalkeepers had to defend themselves, so that the team could reach the goal of victory and until the end of the game. Rangjadong SC beat Se-la-jong FT 3 – 1 goals in the second half. Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh thanked the Mawlangwir Sports Club for organizing such a tournament once again to promote the youth of the area. .
“Our government will do whatever is necessary for the people,” he said.
In this regard, Prof Kma said that the VC of NEHU has not given any explanation on his part regarding the demand of the JAC. Despite the many challenges faced by the university, the VC has taken a leave of absence until the 15th of November.
So it's much more difficult than the final,” said Ri-ïoh.
This is even more frightening because most of the government officials who have strong power and authority in government departments have already turned to this kind of thinking.
There was a time when the ark of the covenant of the Jews was captured by the Philistines and it was a great relief and relief.
Is the Gospel of Love that we believe or the testimony that we believe and follow Jesus Christ true or is it merely a dream? Is that tradition of tipbriew tipblei that we have inherited just a puriskam or is it the true foundation? , who are compassionate and concerned for others and who show that love by their actions.
It is one of those non-starchy foods that can be eaten in unlimited quantities.
Shillong, Lber 15: Raising a cut motion on the issue in the House, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that according to the statistics, the increase in crime in the city and East Khasi Hills has put the country at risk. However, the government has appointed an officer, Bah Vivek Syiem, for more than 10 years since 2007 in this district.
Speaking to media, the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said that the party expresses its dissatisfaction with the counting of foreigners by the Sordar of Diengpasoh. They were asked to buy land in the village and even if they bought it, the Sordar did not give them any permission.
He suffers from diabetes mellitus and myocardial infarction and also tests positive for Covid
Kharshanlor said the Deputy Commissioners of Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills have taken steps to start the signboard construction immediately.
Meghalaya Election Results 2024 (Update at 3 PM) Parliamentary Constituency 1 – Shillong Dr.Ricky Andrew J.Syngkon (Voice of the People Party) – 568890 votes Leading Trailing: Vincent H.Pala (Indian National Congress) – 197688l Maze votes Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh (National People's Party) – 185268 votes Robertjune Kharjahrin (United Democratic Party) – 44268 votes Prof.Lakhon Kma (Independent) – 18512 votes Peter Sallam (Independent) – 6971 votes NOTA – Tura Constituary 10938 vote. Sangma (Indian National Congress) – 383919  votes Leading Trailing: Agatha K.Sangma (National People's Party) – 228678 votes Zenith M.Sangma (All India Trinamool Congress) – 48709 votes Labenn Ch.
The investigating police officer in connection with the incident has proceeded with the case.
It is estimated that in the Amazon region of Brazil, about 85 percent of Catholics do not have the opportunity to attend Mass every month and some do not have it for years.
The Dorbar Shnong also requests the office to release the money if it does not want to do anything for the school building, which has been destroyed by the Assam police for the past three or four years. “It is still time for the children to get their right to attend school in a better school,” said Bah Khristo Nongsiej Sordar of Miangbyrkong.
Ardent said the HSPDP has also refused to support the Congress candidate Meira Kumar. He said the refusal is because the Congress has been in power for decades but she failed in her rule.
The winners of the junior category were Wanbok Warjri (Mawkneng), second prize Marbakordor Warjri (Siejiong), third prize Mebanshngain Warjri (Siejiong). Graceful Joy Warjri (Mawkneng) came first, Stella Warjri (Sohryngkham) came second, Cynthia Warjri (Upper Shillong) and Ïaphira Warjri (Mawkneng) came fourth.
“It is hoped that the people of Hynniewtrep will be able to come forward and participate in this initiative,” said Bah Thomas Passah, Vice President KHNAM. If they don't support Bah Arden to become MLA, our Khasi will slowly move forward and backwards, as soon as Bah Arden is defeated, and there will be no more love for the poor and the rich.
“Nongpoh is the headquarters of Ri Bhoi District, but if the government puts a weighbridge in this area, it will cause a lot of trouble, pollution and especially in peace and order. The site is located near the Tourism Department office, which is a place where tourists can stop and rest, but if the government installs a weighbridge, it will also be a shame in front of foreigners who “It's a good idea to visit the state,” said Bah Eddie G Kharbani.
Speaking to reporters, Saleng said that the personnel on duty at the Entry and Exit Point at Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi have not taken care of the entry and exit of foreigners. bar states.
Irrone said there is an International Court of Justice for Indigenous Peoples and “We are your voice” she said. “Preserve your own customs and traditions, preserve your own culture, preserve your own language,” she said. “If there is any injustice against you, we are there,” she said. .
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that in his view, the road which is about 5 kilometers long has some parts that look like a single lane or intermediate road.
On the other hand, the CEM said that their visit was to learn more about the rules of procedure of the District Council, the customs and traditions and especially the powers that the Council has to look after the Hima. , governance and many other sectors.
This has happened especially in Uttar Pradesh, which is ruled by the BJP government and the prime minister, who is a sadhu – Yogi Adityanath.
Shillong: Sohra received 28.0mm of rainfall in the last 24 hours, Shillong 19.3mm and Umiam 18.6mm.
“This issue has already been raised twice at the Cabinet meeting and we need to talk about it once again at the Cabinet meeting to take a decision and the teachers should understand. the responsibility of the students"
It was also witnessed that today the women of the neighboring villages have come together to express their solidarity and demand that the government should repair this road.
The followers of Jesus Christ are the light of this dark world.
Shillong: The MDC of Mylliem Constituency ( y.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated 17 Food Processing Units at a function held at Resubelpara, North Garo Hills District, as part of the celebration of Farmers' Day. Farmers' Day is celebrated on the 4th of November every year.
The new cases include EGH: 06, EJH: 20, EKH: 159, NGH: 11, RBD: 48, SGH: 03, SWGH: 00, SWKH: 14, WGH: 18, WJH: and WKH: 13.
The cube belongs to the cruciferous family.
“God exalted him to a higher position and gave him the name that is above every name”.1 Philippians 2:9
Now it has 11 ministers, but only 2 ministers.
Meghalaya, which came second last year, has dropped to second place with two points from four games, while Arunachal Pradesh Pradesh is in the bottom position in Group-A. Although there are four teams to qualify for the quarter finals from each group, Meghalaya will not be able to qualify. If they beat Arunachal Pradesh in the final match on the 30th.
Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, President Kynsai Manik Jyrwa, Vice President Mayborn Rapthap, General Secretary Ronning M Dohling, Finance Secretary Itjanai Soanes, Organizing Member Elbin Lyngdoh Nonglait and Publicity Secretary Donlang Ex Kharcutivea were appointed as Advisers. .
This vision is to take away the manufacturing of grape-based wines as we observed in fruit wines, with a focus on locally sourced fruit and to move forward in planning Meghalaya is the capital of fruit wine production or the “Fruit Wine Capital of India.
The request and urge from now on especially in this unemployed world, the children should turn back to agriculture, in order to save the country and the nation from starvation and drought.
It is not the time to count or take sting if it leads to more damage to the state as a whole.
Therefore, along with those weaknesses of our new humanity and also the weaknesses in our own rympei, without doubt, our JAIDBRIEW KHASI will disappear from here. History will be written “that once upon a time these beautiful hills and valleys were inhabited by a people known as the KHASI”.
During the Enrollment Drive, it was seen that many residents of the area and also those who are still under the 17 North Shillong Constituency have gone to register their names with the BJP party. Bah L.Michael Kharsyntiew and these leaders urged the voters not to waste their votes by requesting that at this time they should allow the BJP to rule in the state and They will not vote for the BJP candidate whom the party will announce soon.
In the fish farming industry, she has also been thankful, because when she asked for assistance in fish farming, the government has given her hundreds of ksing ngap.
The dead were identified as Ainuddin Ali and Sukur Ali of Boko.
However, if no answer is received from the teachers, they will sit down and think about doing other things, said Bah Nongsiang.
The rally was organized by four political parties including the East Jaintia National Council (EJNC), the Jaintia Students Union (JSM), the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People ( CoRP) and Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) together with other organizations have joined hands without any incident. which allows these party leaders to achieve their goals.
It was Zahoor who started the operation after he entered Mirwaiz's bedroom," he told reporters.
It is understood that the Congress wants Kong Ampareen to contest for the MDC seat from Laitumkhrah-Malki constituency after it did not get a joint candidate after the departure of Bah Antonio War in the past years.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: U MLA of the constituency and Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today inaugurated the Nongmensong Dorbar Proceeding Secondary School at Nongmensong, Shillong in the presence of village officials. the Nongmensong Dorbar Shnong, teachers, parents and students.
Shillong, Jymmang 01 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) on Tuesday said that the closure of traffic on the Umïam Bridge will be only during the replacement of the bearings inside the bridge.
In a statement, the President of the union, Bah Edmund Wanniang, said that the employees of MeECL in Balat-Dangar who do not take care of their duties but find themselves drinking alcohol from morning till night. “The electricity workers in Balat-Dangar are drinking alcohol from morning till night, they don't take care of their job, when asked about the power outage, the answer is 'I don't know' Shillong, Naitung 10: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has moved forward to implement the bio metric as part of the efforts to free the people from fraud in the elections.
“These banks have not respected the holiday which has been declared as a sign of mourning in the state for the loss of the Speaker of the House and the leading leader of the UDP party who passed away. “All schools, colleges and even government offices are closed today, while all banks are open,” said the President of the JSU.
The fighting lasted for about 15 minutes and the GNLA members managed to escape.
During the inspection, Bah Lambor Malngiang MLA, MDC Nongkrem met with the village leaders to discuss and arrange for the construction of this road for the convenience of the villagers and farmers of the area.
Khliehriat: The Khliehriat Block Congress Committee (KNC) on Tuesday formed the Wapung School Congress Unit. The ceremony was held at the ground floor of the house of Ma Shitlang Pale (MLA) in Dkhiah East.
The program was enriched by a song and a short drama by the students of JNV, Mawkyrwat.
Plastic waste such as water bottles, plastic plastic bags and thermocol from Iawmusiang, Iawthymme run by the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council Jowai and other markets once a month all the garbage flows into the rivers and streams after cleaning. Rainfall and this pollutes the water bodies which are not suitable for human use and which affects the aquatic life and all living things as well as human health.
According to videos, the suspect, identified as Joel Cauchi, was seen trying to attack the crowd at the mall that day but was seen fighting. to stand and throw only women even though he is in a public place where all men and women are together.
Teinwel is an MDC from Shella, who won three terms from the UDP and is also the 24th Chairman of the KHADC since its inception in
It is learned that the Muktiar has lodged a complaint since the afternoon of the 9th of this month, but the police of Khliehriat Police Station have not done anything and arrested the Sub Inspector.
He is a member of the Moodymmai Church.
The elders and Rangbah Shnong of the village, expressed their appreciation that the organization has come to hold such a program which will benefit the people especially on this very important issue.
The union also demanded that guards should be deployed in those areas where there is no such incident for at least 24 hours so that the people will know that there is no such incident.
At the same time, he reminded that as human beings we are not perfect in all aspects, we are perfect in one way and we lack in another and therefore even if we are in the midst of shortcomings we should not have sorrow or grief because God has given us. give us our share with our special abilities which we should use for our own benefit.
Mukul Sangma has never campaigned for Bah Pala in Shillong and they tried to remove him from the ticket but they failed and this issue may come up again to force Mukul to remove him from the post of Prime Minister.
Jirang Constituency has already allocated T.11 crore for the construction of a college in the constituency. The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has also decided to lay the foundation stone for the inauguration of the foundation stone by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. “The Mawnongrim will be inaugurated soon, as it has already been used by the Government of India,” said Conrad K. Sangma.
Speaking at a press conference in Imphal, Manipur Chief Minister N Biren Singh said the CBI has arrested four persons from Henglep, Churachandpur district in in connection with the murder of two school children, Phijam Hemajit and Hijam Linthoingambi.
Therefore, the synjuk invites all the youth men and women to take part in this competition.
T.50,000 for the winner, T.30,000/- for the second prize and T.15,000/- for the third prize, said Desmon Sun, Secretary, Live Wire of Peace.
This clarification of the High Court shows that the law will be uniform without discrimination against anyone, or to allow anyone who judges according to the law to deviate from the law.
However, he said that after these five MLAs left to support the Government, the decision to take a strong step in suspending these MLAs, has led to the collapse of the Congress. Party.
The people of this area will undoubtedly become refugees once again, so they do not want the Khasi people to become refugees in their own country.
AMKA will not allow such incidents to continue in the state and especially to intimidate the Khasi people living on the borders of Meghalaya and Assam said Mr. Teron.
He added: “Thank you for remembering and honoring me on this day.
“It is a great honor for the Khasi people to see the election of Bah Torak to these positions.
“Likewise from Shillong, we hope to win.
Hamlet said that although he lost the last election, his spirit to serve the people has not been defeated.
Therefore, don't worship God in rongphong because God doesn't want to see or hear anymore.
The Shad Nongkrem is also a dance that involves all in the society and is also a celebration to preserve our traditional date.
The lack of road to the village has put the residents in difficulty in transportation, coming and going and especially when there are patients who are difficult to reach to hospitals like Parïong PHC, Kynshi PHC to Mairang and other health centres.
Roikhih Nongtdu scored the second goal for Ialong in the 43rd minute and Daruhi Pale in the 90th minute.
He said that the party has now been accepted by all and this is due to the enthusiasm and skill of the National President who is also the Chief Minister of the state, Conrad K Sangma.
“While he was on his way to hunt, the BSF, whom he knew well, suddenly arrested and interrogated him, like the Bangladeshis.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Bari Dua Circle, Ri Bhoi District has sent a letter to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem. She said that the Dkhars who own shops in the Hima Market in Baridua should be allowed to start their own businesses, because all the shops where Dkhars can work are the same. which the Khasi cannot do.
In front of the Duwan Kñia, the Lehniam was performed by Sangot Paswet in the presence of Sangot Pakynteiñ and Sangot Pasubon who are the descendants of the Sookpoh Khat-ar Wyrnai clan.
The State Level Karate Championship was held on 23rd June 2022 at the Indoor Stadium at Madanryngting, Shillong and was organized by the Meghalaya State Karate Federation (MSKDF). the Karate India Organization and the International Olympic Committee.
When we look at the political system in our state, we see that the time has come to elect people who are educated or those who do not have the necessary qualifications.
After leaving the polling station, Dr. Ricky and Bah Ardent together with the leaders and the people marched and gave speeches at Golflink.
The CEO of JMB has been directed to ensure that the Solid Waste Management Rules 2016 issued by the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change on April 8, The decision to implement the demand of the six villages on the grounds that they are concerned that the dumping of garbage in the area is harmful to health and is not according to science.
“Water alone is not enough, but under the leadership of the NPP government, Jowai has received many development projects including the Jowai Bypass (Thadlaskein-Soomer) which will be resurfaced at a cost of T. "Klur," said the snake.
The people of the country have experienced many things under the leadership of the BJP and the citizens know better what is good or what is bad that the BJP has done in the last six years.
One of these places which this reporter witnessed is the tourist spot known as 'Bri ki synrang' which is located at Laitmawsiang village, on the road from Laitryngew, Sohra.
The District Council is the source of governance in our country and if it is not run properly and in the right manner, there will be a story and we our fellow countrymen will suffer the most. .
At this commemoration ceremony, students from Rikhaiñ area who have passed the SSLC, HSSLC and Degree examinations were also honoured.
The sounds of his songs, which he sang, have fascinated the young woman, until she went to stand near the young man, to talk to him and started to introduce herself and forced him to to sing at that place and to start getting to know each other and to ask for a phone number from him; She added that she likes to be friends with singers and said that most of her friends are singers.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District today announced that there will be a special drive to get ration cards for the homeless people, shopkeepers, market vendors, foreign migrant workers who do not have access to ration card registration and do not have documents to prove their residence.
On the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB), Sanbor said the BJP has already conveyed that the central government can implement it but in the North East it will allow the states to decide. whether they receive it or not.
KSM-ER President Wellson RD Siangshai, President KSM-ER, Kerbhame Dkhar, Assistant Secretary JSM, CB and others. Members of the National Assembly (NHAI) Shillong have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner Khliehriat District to demand the improvement of the NH-6 six months before the union took other drastic measures.
Mawkyrwat, July 15: Students of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District, have organized a trekking adventure at They started from Mawranglang Viewpoint to Domsiejiong Village.
After a while, the village authorities, when they gave the name of the village to the government authorities, mistakenly gave it the name Diengsyiang.
He said that this day is celebrated every year as the foundation day of the Election Commission.
Conrad said Mukul Sangma has not appealed against the decision of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) and that is the reason why the people are suffering from the coal ban.
He said Meghalaya has received praise from the Government of India for its ability to implement various schemes.
He said that the residents of Golflink who have reached the age of 70 years or over will have to pay only the registration fee of 10 tyngka but all the treatment will be free. he doesn’t need to pay any more money.
Replying to the team's feelings after beating Mawlai SC in the final, Liverson said that at first he couldn't help but congratulate and praise the team. Mawlai Sport Club is one of the leading clubs in the state and was also the champion of the Shillong Premier League last season.
The meeting with the TOP CEM Company was to announce that the company is conducting a two day training for the people in the state and the training they will give is in the construction industry such as mystery and others.
Labang Nangphyllut District is one of the oldest Districts in the Hima Jaintia Hills as the land of forty Syiems and Khad-ar Dolloi.
Subha came from Nepal to register his name on the electoral roll with the intention of contesting the elections from Sikkim.
As part of the Khelo India Women's League to be held in 25 cities of India, the Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) will hold the 3K and 5K races for women on the 21st of this month. date of this month.
When contacted by Mawphor, one of the members of the group declined to comment or admit that there is such a preparation to form a new party.
“Mawpat and Mawtawar are brothers, they should not marry.
Lydia said, “I don't want to order you.
“It is the duty of the government to provide for the needs of the teachers but it would be a shame if the teachers have to take to the streets to demand their rights,” said Dr Mawthoh.
Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in his speech congratulated all the children of Seinraij Tuber.
She said that the department has not seen any signs of the disease spreading to other areas, but the department has urged all districts to be vigilant. and to comply with the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, namely from the residents, Dorbar Shnongs, Municipal Boards, BDO Heads, Health Department Heads within the blocks to take immediate action if they witness symptoms consistent with the spread of this disease.
This is the first time in Shillong that such a terrible fire has been seen by the fire brigade until the army comes to help. Airforce, and Army.
According to the Waheh Shnong of Rangad, Bah Damon Lamo, the man who drowned came by bus along with other friends from different villages. They were from Nongmynsong and had come to the Umbyrleiñ Valley in Rangad to get a toilet, but unfortunately, the man drowned in the valley.
Regarding the receipt of the award by these 25 villages, it is due to the ability of the village leaders to take care of their villages and guide the residents through the Swatch Bharat Mission. , in order to bring about cleanliness in the village.
Regarding the implementation of the Roster System and Reservation Policy, the SWGHSCWA, according to the Constitution, has a provision in Articles 15 (4) and 26(4) which provides for the right to allocation in the field. education, employment or any other activity shall be for the benefit of the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe and no one shall be entitled to change this.
During the visit, the youths will have the opportunity to focus on the five central themes of the YuvaSangam – Tourism, Traditions, Development, Technology and to ParasparSampark (People-to-people connect).
The new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 4, EKH: 81, RBD: 6, SGH: 2, SWKH: 2, WGH: 15, WJH: 10 and WKH:
He said that the disease has spread to the villages around Jowai and to urge and encourage the people to test for COVID-19 so that the disease can be curbed.
Speaking to Rupang, Eugene said that after joining the Ar Hima, he joined Rangdajied, a group which changed its name from the Ar Hima. Shillong Highway.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong has promised to discuss and inform the KAAC regarding the opposition of the Sengbhalang and the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli to the installation of the gate in Khanduli and their demand that it should be removed. open the gate immediately.
On the other hand, the CM acknowledged that the revenue collection gate is still in Khanduli but there is no more revenue collection.
However, some of the youths who have arrived since recent days to take part in the football tournament said that they have arrived at the stadium since 9 pm and have had lunch until 3 pm.
It has three houses built of tyrpal cloth and the inside is beautifully built.
It is also the time to get big, ride a car and choose any expensive car of your choice.
These days, the lack of literacy, which we call education, is terrible.
It is to be recalled that this youth has been missing since 20th November 2023 and his body was found this morning on the 4th of March. smoke that is not in Traw.
The hospital does not have BP medicines, sugar, insulin, drips, baby medicines and medical supplies such as gloves, syringes, mattresses, bedding and others.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) has claimed that more than 2 lakh people have died after receiving the COVID-19 vaccine.
“This is also a message to other companies, if they come to set up any business here in our country, they should hire and employ our Khasi, otherwise what good is it to come here to set up business? “While you eat the meat, we the villagers eat only the shyieng,” said Bah Tyllibor.
It is to be recalled that Bah HL Nongsiang, one of the founders of the NPP in Mawshynrut constituency, in 2018, he left the party due to problems. He also contested as an independent candidate in the MLA election and was defeated by more than 2,000 votes.
This was announced by the Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla in a reply to the Legislative Assembly on Friday.
Other speakers on the occasion were Prestone Tynsong, Chief Secretary, Sanbor Shullai, Minister of Law, Rebecca V Suchiang, Chief Secretary to the State Government, FR Kharkongor, Secretary to the Law Department.
The union said that the provision of inappropriate and unhealthy food by the sports department is not appropriate anywhere and it has been seen that the athletes have received little food. The union also expressed its shock and anger to see that the food plates of the children in Tura have been cleaned with toilet brush.
ENT Specialist, Child Specialist, Skin Specialist is required for the opening of a new nursing home/clinic in Shillong.
He said that the 6th Schedule, the amendment of the 8th Schedule and other necessary issues were also discussed and clarified at the meeting.
If you are interested in my writings please also check out my YouTube channel (U DO IT (udoit@981)) where I have released many things related to the problems of our people.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said the Labor Department is also looking into other issues of unemployment and many issues of training.
The Mawkyrwat Rural Haat was constructed with the financial assistance of the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) in collaboration with the Block Development Office under the MNREGA Scheme and the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM). ), and Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society (MSRLS), District Mission management Unit (DMMU), South West Khasi Hills District.
Two National Referees were also awarded with a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka.
Before the march, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District congratulated the Ri Bhoi Police for their efforts to reduce the spread of drugs in the community.
Ten minutes later, Baniatyllilang Mawkhiew scored another goal.
Jolby Sana, Secretary Seiñ Raij Tuber, said that on the fourth day, which is the last day of the Behdeiñkhlam festival, at least 11 villages from West Jaintia Hills and more than 18 villages from East Jaintia Hills. Their colors will change from Biar to Tuber.
Day care providers should take care to provide clean food and drink to the children so that they can have a strong body.
She said that the foreigner when she went to ask for money, he spoke too much and she lodged a complaint with the High Court.
The Garo Students Union (GSU) through its President Zikku Balgra N Marak, has alleged that the VPP has played politics in this matter by hiding all the facts and giving false information to the people.
As far as we know, the Wars were the first to flee after the independence of India in 1947, but it is surprising that the Bhoi did not flee except for a few who fled to Shillong.
He expressed his satisfaction that many cooperation talks have been held between the two countries for the development of the North East.
Shillong: U Wailad Shylla, Chairman of MCCL, together with MLAs, MDCs and employees of MCCL, today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. your demands.
Since the past few months, the teacher has had to work hard to complete all the subjects of all the classes.
He said that these residential buildings have been handed over since July 2017, but for some reasons especially the mid-term elections in East. Garo Hills and the impact of COVID-19 and the restrictions during the curfew have not been able to carry out the works quickly.
The Khasi language is included in the Public Service Commission.
“We have conducted an inspection of the Polo Market, this should be one of the most prominent markets to attract people,” said Dr Mukul. shaid to make a picture to beautify it.
“My son, you are the last pork”.
We should be quick to withdraw from the involvement in the buying of our votes by political parties or their candidates.
In Khliehriat, the Minister of Social Welfare, Kyrmen Shylla, was the chief guest.
The Seinraij Mukhla has announced that it will not allow any foreigners, people from other raijs and even the children of the raij to witness the Behdeiñkhlam due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The statement said that the husband returned from Delhi on 30th July 2020 and was quarantined at MATI Quarantine Center. quarantine' has the ing.
“With the approval of the Governor, this Act will be a great blessing to the farmers in that it will address many of the problems faced by the farmers including the kilo cut of agricultural products. and it is good for those who come to sell the animals," she said.
