The Expenditure Department of the Ministry of Finance has approved to borrow Rs 28,204 crore to 10 states for the purpose of bringing about changes in the electricity sector. this is the 2021-2022 term of office.
Kynsaimon Amse, President of the Joint Action Committee, said that the government has neglected the area too much.
The rapid increase in the population has meant that the Government of India will not have enough land to accommodate them and at that time, the decision will be to abolish the land rights of the Jaitbynriew. and to send foreigners to live here and that these foreigners who are not here should also get their share.
AJCA won the toss and elected to bat first, but were bowled out for 140 in 32.4 overs.
Furthermore, the Designated Courts as mentioned in para 20 (iv) and para (vi) were established.
Speaking to reporters, AMUPSDPTA General Secretary Lindas Sangma said that there are 13 schools in the state which are deficit pattern schools. 1989 but for unknown reasons the government at that time did not open these schools.
This is just a false allegation to mislead us with their scientific tricks,” he said.
Shillong: U Bah Sharaid Nongbri, a member of the Non Violent Direct Action Army, is now about 76 years old.
Access to Foundational Literacy and Numeracy Recognizing Foundational Literacy and Numeracy as a special requirement before education, the NEP 2020 states that a National Mission on Foundational Literacy and Numeracy should be established by the MHRD. They will prepare an implementation plan so that everyone will have access to foundational literacy and numeracy in all primary schools before they reach class 3 by
It's been a year since the new rule.
The Garo are ready to help even our Khasi in times of trouble.
With the launch of the Miss Universe Meghalaya pageant, a Director has been appointed to conduct the campaign across the country to facilitate those who wish to participate.
Through this CSR, a Computer Lab has been provided to Pahambir LP School to continue to improve the quality of education through computers, as well as the construction of road bridges in Umsohpieng. NETC is also committed to improving education and development works in the district.
In the first half, Catherine Kharkongor took the lead for Lumparing in the 15th minute after she took the ball from a corner and kicked hard into the net.
Therefore, it will affect the fact that the state's food supply is still low, and the people are still expecting to get adequate food and drink, but it has not happened as expected.
Similarly, a 12-year-old child, I Rikynti Shangpliang (name changed) said that the decision of the central government on 13th June to allow children under 14 years old to work will affect the children in the country. your reading.
If we send the Congress, we have fought a losing battle”.
He said that according to the letter received from the CEM, it was reported that the equipment was in the dam but the surprising thing is that there was nothing in the dam.
The village is proud to continue the traditional methods of producing silk where there is no killing of insects while harvesting the silk.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, said that the government will do its utmost to expedite and complete the project. work will proceed as planned.
While those who earn their living in the morning and eat at night, said that this decision has enlightened them, because it is only in the middle of the month, when the daily wage is still received. to earn only two or three days, and thus to take the decision to close down, the problem is now in the household that will not be able to provide for the needs of the household in the next three days, and that They did not know what would happen after the next five days.
Regarding the General Council of Ri Bhoi Durbar, Conrad Sangma not only expressed his satisfaction with the unity of the MLAs, but also praised the unity of the elders of Ri Bhoi. in different parties, but they don't count them all, but they are united for the development of Ri Bhoi.
Now post-truth and marketing are good friends.
He doesn't get angry but he is quick to hear if he says something that affects his feelings especially the wrong thing.
They werehed their clothes and put on clean ones.
Water : This is a clean and rich drink of electrolytes that cannot be lost from the body due to excessive fatigue.
pynkmenAi Khublei Friends I would like to congratulate Bahduh who lives in Pynursla area for winning the title or victory in the sport of East Khasi Hills. Why do you think it's your field or your house? By All Friend SK, BK, NK, DK, RL, LH. We don't count good or bad and we don't think only one thing we do or think will be good.
The rally was organized by the Garoland State Movement Committee led by Nikman Ch Marak and leaders of the National Federation of New States, union groups from all over the country.
Tura: A wedding ceremony in South Garo Hills, has led to a tragic incident, when a vehicle, while on its way to the wedding venue, collided with another vehicle in South Garo Hills.
Where is the purpose of the political parties to give tickets without being able to hold and convince the parties who do not follow the discipline of the party? Where is the purpose of the Reservation Policy for the youth who are looking for jobs? If you are in the Congress, you can't wear Sia Lieh, if you are in the NPP, you can't wear nail paint. indidiscipline,I don't know what to do even if I'm in another party.
Shillong, Lber 14 : The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titos W Chyne on Tuesday handed over the Sanad to the Sirdar of Wahlong District, Bah Nastarfield Thymmai. The CEM handed over the document in the presence of the Executive Member of the Elaka, Bah Jambor War, MDC of Shella Bah Teinwell Dkhar and the Deputy Secretary of the Elaka Department.
Out of these 1,902 cases, 1,252 cases including 244 Armed Forces and 1008 civilians were reported in East Khasi Hills, 12 cases in West Khasi Hills and 5 cases in South West Khasi Hills. There are 160 cases in Ri Bhoi district including 47 cases from Armed Forces and 113 cases from civilians. , 11 cases in South West Garo Hills, 18 cases in South Garo Hills, 3 cases in East Garo Hills and 12 cases in North Garo Hills.
“We do not accept the government's plan to hold the examination again,” said the nurses, adding that it is unfair to hold the examination again after fighting and passing the examination.
“If other illegal activities can be taxed, but on the illegal smuggling of coal, why can't the police register a case? The government has just passed laws to fight against the burial of eitmiaw on this issue”.
A man has been arrested by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) from Sozeith area of ​​Srinagar, officials said.
Banisha picked up the dark things to clean up.
The injured were taken to NEIGRIHMS for treatment.
He concluded by saying that he will continue to exercise whether alone or with friends or with the team as a whole together to follow the rules laid down by the government.
These four organizations said that many foreigners (monsi) have come to steal the income of the coal traders in the area.
In his speech, he said that Niamtre teaches us to live in knowledge of people, to respect others and to respect God and urged us to respect our brothers and sisters as well as our neighbours.
They themselves have become rainbows, snowflakes, and sound waves on televisions, and have appeared on computers and mobile phones around the world. .
He said that out of these, 19.74 crore voters are between the ages of 21 to 29 years.
Shillong, Nailur 17: After a meeting between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, Roshan Warjri, Minister of State for Home Affairs and members of the ANVC, The meeting decided that the final talks to sign the social agreement between the government and the ANVC and ANVC-B will be held at On the 24th of this month in Delhi, during the meeting, a social agreement will be signed between the state government and the central government.
Shillong, June 28: As the saying goes, 'The elephant is still in the forest, the bniat has already been cut' This T.133 crore is the allocation that the Central Government has allocated to the KHADC because it has not received its allocation from the 14th Finance. Commission, but the money received from the central government is still pending and the KHADC has heard only the name of T.133 crore but has not seen and has not received it yet.
The arrested persons are residents of Assam.
Acts 1:10-1
The people want to see and hear, so those leaders, let them speak inside the House, because when they invite us to come and listen to them during the elections, we also listen to them for months.
“One is about the work he has done for the Sohiong Constituency, in the past 20-25 years, the UDP is confident that the people will give their support is also because we have to the candidate who has been successful in every way.
Police said that after receiving information about the incident, they rushed to the scene.
Choosing any of these will stimulate your mind at the same time it will really help you to spend your time for your own benefit.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the HiTO Byrnihat area, today lodged a complaint with the district administration of Ri Bhoi District, against a man identified as Utam Zunzunwala, who is also the supervisor of the HITO. a company, which has cleared land in a place in the Byrnihat area.
This action film shouldn't end there, but as it is a short film, we can't help but hope that State of Mind Productions will continue to tell this story.
There are those who have to live alone for reasons that are too obvious to have a purpose or for a reason according to the number of families or customs.
The present house was built from the remains of the Residency and was occupied in 1903-0
Shillong, Lber 28: The collection of money from coal trucks coming from Shahlang and intending to leave for Assam via Athiabri has disrupted the traffic of the people, as it has caused The traffic jam in the area has affected small vehicles and the truck traffic has also affected the workers who are working on the highway.
Those who have not yet received their Bpl cards can apply.
It is to be recalled that in the past there was an office of the SDO in Riangdo but for some reason it has disappeared.
In order to facilitate the work of taxpayers, assistance has been provided through Notification Nos. 74/2021 and 75/2021 issued on July 25, 2021 and Circular no.12/2 released on July 25, 2021.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 20: Many rural villages in West Khasi Hills are still using horses to transport goods from bus stations to their villages.
All major decisions come after consultations with these groups.
Throughout the day, the DUA and NTC also held a memorial service for Bah (L) Helping Nongkseh, Police Officer who died in the fighting against the insurgents in Garo Hills. They also handed over the award to Kong Thiuslinda Nongrum, the wife of the deceased policeman. Besides, they also held a tree planting ceremony and a rally with the flags of India.
He also urged that the implementation of this project should be carried out in a thorough and efficient manner so that it will not be damaged quickly, at the same time the stones and shyiap from the same river should be used. (Myntdu) and the employees should also be the villagers.
The four chiefs who lodged a complaint against the government on the MoU include the Syiem of Jirang Hima R Hamberly Wahlang, the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima Ainam Manik Syiem, The Sirdar of Nonglang was Pholasly Nianglang and the Acting Syiem of Nongspung Hima was Earald Jyrwa.
The President of the District Congress Committee, Bah KK Nongsiej, in a statement, said that he has resigned from the post of Congress party office bearer for personal reasons.
Raphael Varane will miss several months as Manchester United struggle with an injury ahead of the Premier League tie against Arsenal.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayraldborn, said that the opening of the Thainjain area will benefit the Longkmie of the area, as they are already hardworking, but the presence of this place will benefit them even more.
At this time he was able to deliver this world from the evil forces, from the demons who had plagued it for hundreds of years.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today strongly condemned the statement of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Karbi Autonomous Council (KAAC) Tuliram Tongkhang, who said that the Khasi -Pnar residents of Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills are illegal immigrants.
However, many elderly people leave their wives and children without providing food.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Two mothers, Rina Devi, 50, and her daughter, Umsyiem, have been arrested by the BSF. Loywin is 14 years old.
Shillong: The Director of Fish Farming, AL Mawlong, today inaugurated a special fish farm at Mawpran Nongmadan village in Wah Synrem, below Pynursla.
The training was funded by the Agricultural and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority (APEDA), Government of India.
For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
It is learned that out of these four MLAs, three have been fully confirmed to contest from the party in 2023 while the other two MLAs are still in talks between the party leaders and these MLAs. “The discussions are ongoing and perhaps after a while we will be able to provide full information on this meeting with the party leadership,” said one of the leaders of these MLAs. To talk to the UDP leaders from the constituency where these MLAs are applying for tickets, it was said that the talks are still ongoing with the top leaders of the party.
He said that with the help of Bah Kreming I who lives in Marjan, they escaped from their injuries.
I am not criticizing the Sengbhalang, I am a Sengbhalang myself, but we all know what kind of Sengbhalang we are here in Jaintia Hills.
Yes, you can buy it, but how many times can you buy it and, when the owner needs the land, you don't have any more land to use.
They also reported on the progress and contribution of church groups in the development of society in those areas and the state as a whole.
Many fans in Qatar have been eager to buy tickets after FIFA announced again.
Shillong,: The Hima Mylliem Market has been closed today due to the closure of the market except for the shops on the road and in the Motphran area. .
About 20 Executive members including elders, women and youth were also appointed who were confirmed on the 11th of this month.
Shillong: U Donbor Rumnong, one of the most successful men and women of the state, from Mawlai Nongkwar, will take part in the Mister Universe Men Physique Championship. Fitness Model will be held in Maharashtra from 15th to 17th June 2022 in Pune.
Regarding the allocation of land for the construction of roads, there is no objection but why do we have to oppose because the acquisition of land and the payment of land fees (is inadequate and inefficient). In another development, the Aam Admi Party, Meghalaya has expressed its opposition to the allegation by the MP from Shillong Seat, Ma Vincent. Pala as it appeared in the newspapers that various Seng Bhalangs have emerged and grown like tits.
Shillong, Nailur 16 : The 3rd East Zone Men & Women Boxing Championship held at Namchi, Sikkim on November 11, 2013 has won 13 medals for the state. date and expired on November 13, 2022.
(ii) Others who were crucified lived for many days until the birds and lizards came to pluck out their eyes.
Up to 188 such advisors have been appointed at various levels and receive a monthly salary and other allowances, along with a vehicle and petrol/diesel.
Yes! when we talk about employment, not all students will get government jobs or high positions.
The reason is that the VPP has already announced that if it comes to power, it will fight corruption, poverty and discrimination.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh together with government officials from PWD, PHE, MeECL and Education Department, today visited Umjari village in Umden area. The Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod will host the Rangbah Synod Service this month.
The handover ceremony was attended by Government Ministers including Bah Alexander L. Hek, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLAs including Bah Renikton L. Tongkhar, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Bah Speaker of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDCs, former MLAs including Bah Lambor Malngiang and Bah Samlin Malngiang, members of KAS, leaders of leading political parties at the meeting. Meghalaya and Khasi students studying and working in New Delhi.
“With the love of the people I am confident that I will win, I don't want to judge any party but I look at myself and I am confident that I will win. party".
The incident took place at Mylliembah under Mawngap Police Station.
Marak and this Committee has gained strength with the passing of the days.
“Shen in July this year we will distribute the tin sop iing to 400 households and after that in November we will distribute it again to 500 households,” he said.
If he does not do so, the state government should file a complaint against Amit Shah in court to cleanse the mark left by the Minister.
To ensure that the complaint has been filed, the Sur of Mawlai residents including various political parties and the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun have met with the police of Mawlai Police Station to investigate. The complaint lodged by the relatives of Bah Che Thangkhiew has been lodged by the police.
YESS is a scheme designed to build and develop youth groups in social and sports activities.
“I have already told the residents and office bearers of Nongmensong village to look for such people who come to spread rumors about Nongmensong village by saying That the headquarters of those RAMs is in Nongmensong and it is wrong, they should bring the facts and those people who spread such news should be found and punished.
At present, the State has four District Jails in Shillong, Williamnagar, Jowai, Tura and Nongpoh which can accommodate 595 men and 55 women.
However, no casualties were reported from either side.
From the 24th Mawphlang (ST) Assembly Constituency, three candidates have already filed their nomination papers, Eugeneson Lyngdoh of the UDP, Kennedy Cornelius Khyriem INC and Lamphrang Blah of the NPP. Four candidates have filed their nomination papers including MD.Abdus Saleh NPP, Hashina Yasmin Mondal INC, Ashahel D Shira UDP, Kingston B Marak BJP and Carla R Sangma. individual.
Nongpoh: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday night at 9 pm, have arrested five foreigners, who had tickets to Silchar, but they returned to Silchar. Umiam, Ri Bhoi District.
U Bah Bindo has said that he will not attend the General Council of the UDP because no one has informed him even though he is the leader of the UDP. Since last year, the UDP office bearers did not want to renew the office bearers as the MLA elections were approaching.
The visit was led by Samla Stevenson Kharkrang, President of KSU Umiam Circle, Samla Arwat Bareh, Finance Secretary, Samla Bashem Kharnaior, EC Member Umiam Circle and members of KSU Umiam Circle.
In the match between Rising Secondary School, Sohkhyllam and Nonglang Secondary School, Rising SS won the tie breaker by 4-2 goals in regular time and extra time. and they were not able to move a single goal.
"Such incidents will happen but there should be no fear," Kejriwal said.
At the same time, he urged the residents of Khliehtyrshi to have unity as in the past, by asking for their full support to the incumbent MLA Wailadmiki Shylla who will not come back to the party. victory, so that it can continue to work better and introduce more schemes in the coming years.
150 children from East Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills, Ribhoi and West Khasi Hills took part in the tournament.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 09: In order to ensure the smooth running of the preparations for the 2023 election in the state and also to ensure that there will be no disruption to the peace and order in the election to be held on the 27th June In the state, the Election Commission of India (ECI) has arrived in Ri Bhoi District to be the observers for the smooth conduct of the election.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The Rajya Sabha MP Wansuk Syiem today explained to the people on the Sansad Adarsh ​​Gram Yojana scheme.
If you read Charles Lyall's “Ki Mikir” 1904 (also available from Spectrum Publication Guwahati and Delhi), you will know that they owned the land of Nowgong Sibsagar and Kaziranga.
The Himas have attacked Israel and its inhabitants and therefore I command that these rebels, who have taken refuge in many places, shall be completely destroyed and the enemy shall pay a price. Netanyahu said in a video address on Saturday.
Rev.R Bareh, Member of the Managing Committee, Pa'iem Kynsai, was present at the meeting.
In the second half, Lajong received a free kick through Tremiki Lamurong which went straight to Khongjoh and Malki managed to block the ball, despite another attempt by Lucas Syngkli. The ball went forward but it went wide of the crossbar.
Others cannot continue to invade Ri Khaiñ except by the understanding of these 8 tribes.
To learn more about the incident, Mawphor himself on 15th November 2023 visited Lawkhla Mawlong, the village where the child drowned.
In the Maw Point match, Seng Khasi Pynthor A won, Seng Khasi Pynthor B came second and Leslee and Group came third.
Their aim is to use the biria as one of the tools to instill a spirit of brotherhood among the different ethnic groups and also to be a guardian of society.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on July 6 said that the State Government has decided to implement the Step Marking System in the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE).
According to reports, Mawryngkang village, near Wahkdait, has been severely hit by the cold, where the cold, which is as big as a cricket ball, has hit and burnt down the village. to the tin sop houses of the people in that village.
Advising them on the implementation of new technologies in teaching and learning, he said that the National Curriculum Framework (NCF) is the foundation of the NEP. reminded the six districts to implement the NEP and link it with the PM Shri Yojana, he said that sports and related activities included in the programs for the welfare of children should be to be implemented.
During these two days of the festival, many villages from different parts of the Hima Khat-ar Lyngdoh, came to showcase their traditional culture, from the song and dance. , dance, mastieh, music, dress and other traditional customs by the villages under the Hima.
He said that as teachers, they too have the spirit of cooperation with parents to provide educational opportunities to their children at all times.
Shillong, June 26: A truck (BL-TMP-6727) driven by Laimitter Khongsit (25 years old) has overturned at Laitryngew on Tuesday at 9:30 pm. East Khasi Hills and one of the occupants of the truck died on the spot while the driver sustained serious injuries and was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
They should continue to work hard in the future, and those who have not reached the goal should not lose hope but should continue to work hard because the Khasi Indigenous Foundation will conduct various programs from now on. face.
The place which appears to be Marten is located in the area before reaching Soilyna Hut (on the road from Shillong to Mylliem) near the road leading to Marbari Lake.
“Bah Paul wants the tender to be called by the Urban Affairs Department but PHE Minister Bah Hek insists that it should be called by his department,” he said.
Shillong: U Bah Titos W Chyne, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today inaugurated the first Gravity Ropeway at Nongtraw Village, near Sohrarim. Titosstarwell said he was surprised when he was invited to inaugurate the ropeway and said that it was built in such a way that it was built without any machinery. machines like other ropeways.
S. Suchen, General Secretary, KS Suchiang, Assistant Finance, C Suja, President KSU Ladrymbai Unit, Samla Donbok Mukhim, and other members, on behalf of FKJGP East Jaintia Hills, led the ceremony. President, Mac Meral Suting, General Secretary, Deihok Sumer and members.
He said that he is not an MDC who will be a stumbling block to departments, or a stumbling block to development projects and it is on this basis that he leaves it to the wisdom of the officers and his wise leadership. MLA of the area to look after these needs.
The Meghalaya House in Bangalore will help the Khasi in Bangalore if their relatives need to come and meet them.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 26: As a guideline to support women in the employment sector so that they can stand on their own feet, the platform to promote women to start their own businesses The Niti Aayog, in collaboration with MakeMyTrip, announced the launch of Project Maitri.
Other small parties and independents will find it difficult to win one or two seats because Rao's TRS is too strong.
The Forest Department of the State has already warned that since the beginning of the survey in 2019, this area is far from Eco Sensitive and falls under the forestless area.
There was a Medical Checkup (General) and competitions for the disabled such as Musical Chair, Spoon Marbel Race and others were also held.
Many of different religions come to study here from the Catholic Church and others.
Recently, we have increased the salaries of Ad-hoc teachers, to improve the salaries of ASHAs, Muster Rolls and Contract workers.
Hek said that whatever the government will discuss will be on the issues of the people, not for any political party, but for the good of the people. all the people in the state.
However, on the day of the closure of the Dam, we will close it from four to five hours.
In our society many of us don't understand and take care of the importance of mental health and if we find those with mental illness we often avoid and ignore them. they are the ones who do evil.
When it comes to handball, the organizers have divided the players into different categories by weight, both men and women.
Speaking at the 40th Anniversary Celebration of the All Primary School Teachers Association (APSTA) held at the Dorbar Hall of Jaïaw Shyiap Lum Pyllon, on the 22nd of this month, Prof Dkhar, Primary teachers said that no one can reach the highest levels without being taught in primary schools.
Another issue discussed was the Khadar administration in Khasi Hills especially the government's new amendment to the Meghalaya Services and Conduct Rules which has prohibited government employees from holding the post of Rangbah Shnong or having part in any organization.
In the past few years, the Kynshi Myrïaw road has been badly damaged, where the passengers have complained about the difficulties they face in transportation.
She also explained that these resigned leaders have never been with her since the beginning of her journey because they have no idea about other parties.
The center will be used to support women and children who are facing problems especially violence in the state.
How difficult is it for the Government to increase the salaries of school teachers who are the shapers of the future of school children? Meanwhile, the public money has been wasted by appointing dozens of advisors to the Prime Minister, from the former MLA, to the Sengbhalang, to the MLA and to the political party leader.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, FSS Chairman Aldous Mawlong said, “Miss Shillong, Miss Cherry Blossom, Miss Supermon, Miss Traditional Model and Miss North East. Our journey started in 1983 and when we first started it was just a kind of programme.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the FKJGP, Bah Balse Kharbani, expressed his condolences to the family of the child. The victim's family said that this act of this thief is unacceptable in the society and can also be said to be a source of coldness to the people and children.
“I respect the Prime Minister and I send him T.100, which is from my income, to cover his throat.
They also handed over a letter to Bah Lapang who is also the Chairman of the Committee to empower the Chief Executive Members.
The state government has canceled a meeting with various organizations to discuss the Reservation Roster System after groups from Garo Hills refused to participate.
The party has the support of the United Democratic Party (UDP), the BJP, the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) and independent MLAs. reached 45 people.
He said that the assistance he gave during his tenure as Chief Minister, such as women economic empowerment through financial assistance, which he gave 5000 tyngka to women to open bank accounts. that of them.
The union also met with the Minister of Fisheries and Fisheries and will soon meet with the Prime Minister regarding this issue.
He said the decision to ban these apps from China is to protect the rights of billions of mobile users in India.
Shillong: U Satya Pal Malik was sworn in as the new Governor of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan today evening.
In these days with the rapid development of technology, many people have come forward to claim to be journalists without knowing the rules that as good writers/journalists they have to follow.
The 5 minutes to those who know how to use it properly achieve many things but to those who don't know even a day they don't understand the impact or loss.
In other words, we understand that it is God who causes or will cause good things to happen in our lives.
Nangbah Dukhu and Khliehmynkrem have won the 2nd Division Football Tournament for the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Lawai.
Replying to a question by AITC Ampati MLA Miani D Shira in the Assembly, the Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “We have already sent the proposal to the The Ministry of Women and Child Development (MoWD) has decided to cover all the villages which do not have anganwadi centers within the next 12 years.
Explaining in detail about the Shad Suk Mynsiem, Bah Païa B Synrem, Assistant General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, said that the Shad Suk Mynsiem is to promote the Shad Suk Mynsiem. Remind that men have their own role to play in the development of the Long Kur Long Jait and also the Longshnong Longthaw.
When an elder is responsible, there will be no destruction of homes, divorce, drunkenness, drunkenness, quarreling, and all other evils because he has to take responsibility for those things. everything.
“Our goal is to promote organic farming in the state and this Bio Fertilizer Unit will be the mainstay for this purpose,” he said.
The number of people arrested in connection with the stone throwing and throwing on the night of 24th November in Tura, West Garo Hills, has risen to 50 on Tuesday.
Financial inclusion: Praising India's DPI approach, the World Bank document says that India has achieved within seven years a task that should have taken up to 50 years.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ransom congratulated the NPP Jaïaw Unit for organizing such a tournament as part of the development of the talents of the youth.
In a statement, the meeting of SSA teachers from Laskein Block Unit will be held at on the 12th of July at 11 am at Moolibang Community Hall.
Besides, the parties that stand should also explain what they are doing.
“Until now, the MDA government is strong and we respect each other and all the parties in the coalition government and we will not allow any criticism of each other,” he added.
Milk contains nutrients that can reduce bad cholesterol, LDL and benefit the blood pressure and body health and reduce the risk of many diseases.
Furthermore, the Central Government has said that live-in cannot be compared to the foundation of a family consisting of a husband, wife and children resulting from a relationship between is zero.
He urged the people not to succumb to anyone's misleading but to seek clarification from God and to vote for the NPP on the 27th by signing the ballot paper.
Those who attended the function included Bah Plielad Tiewsoh Chairman of RBTEDF, Bah Marvelous Pde General Secretary, leaders of Marngar Eco Tourism and Cultural Development Society and many other dignitaries of the area.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (MAKA) has won two medals in the KAI President Cup 2020 held at Panaji, Goa on 8th March. short conversion date
The meeting was conducted by Ma Bimee L. Suwer, Waheh Village Council, Iongpiah.
“We have 25 MPs in the entire North East and if we unite, if we get 15-20 MPs, we will be the biggest power in Delhi, they (BJP or Congress) can do whatever they want,” he said. .
May his soul rest in eternal rest.
This decision was taken by the Taxi Union at a meeting held on the 17th of this month and was suspended after the government released many jobs.
(Alpha Alpha) 3,000 3,000 3,0
Metbah Lyngdoh said the passing away of Ganold Stone Massar is a loss not only to the family but to the entire state of Meghalaya.
Khliehriat: The residents of Umlaper Village, Rymbai District, today to demolish the Amrit Cement well in Umlaper Village, Rymbai District.
“Bah Pynshngaiñ has decided to issue the NOC but immediately after Gherao of the KSU and our MDC he has backed down,” said Bah Pyndap Saibon.
These include Demseiniong Umkliar Cluster 2, Health Worker 5, Jaiaw Cluster 6, Laban Cluster 3, Laban Lawsohtun Cluster 6, Lachumiere Cluster 6, Laitkor Cluster 5, Laitumkhrah Cluster 5, Lapalang Cluster 5, Mampating Cluster , Malki Cluster 4, Mawkhar Cluster 2, Mawlai Cluster 41, Mawngap Cluster 4, Mawprem Cluster 2, Mylliem Madan Ingsyiem Cluster 24, Nongmynsong Cluster 4, Nongrah Nongpdeng Cluster 7, Nongrim Hills Polizar Cluster 1, Cluster 3, Cluster Pynursla Cluster 6, Rynjah Cluster 2, Sohiong Cluster 4, Swer Lumbah Cluster 5, Thembasuk Cluster 2, Umpling Cluster 3, Upper Shillong Cluster
General Secretary – Chawas Chadong.4.
When asked by Bah Paul Lyngdoh whether there are any bills that have been pending for many years, the Minister said that the department will try to reduce this problem but he said that the release of money depends on the according to the government.
“On the other hand, Bah Lambor Malngiang MDC Nongkrem said, “We were elected by the people and sent to enter this KHADC House to work for the people. I have seen many of the works that the CEM has done and after inspection we have seen that the works have been completed quickly, then the Bills have passed quickly, and the EC which is only a few months old but has done a lot, we want support when you see the work the CEM has done.
This year, the government has set a target of 50,000 households to benefit from pig farming and other livestock such as cattle, cows and other poultry farms.
The Association urges the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh to take the time to call for a meeting to discuss the issues faced by the AYUSH doctors. you are on the road.
“For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son (Jesus Christ) John 3:1
It is sad to hear these days that not only the uneducated have this opinion, but even the educated as well, say that I will always give my support to any leader who can don't give me money.
These office bearers of Bah Shangpliang have just left the BJP last month.
He said the incident in the area was dangerous for the peace of other neighbours.
However, he said that with the donation of the MDC, they can now save the most money from fueling the vehicle and build houses for the low income people in the area. the village.
Assam has rejected and opposed all these before the Commission and insisted on acting in accordance with the Constitution.
The KSU has also warned that foreigners should not be allowed to buy agricultural products.
When it was 8 o'clock, Rida's mother and her son couldn't help but close the shop.
Also present on the occasion were Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang, Victor Ranee MDC, Bibatdor M Syiem, Chief Engineer, Wanphrang Syiem Sirdar, Nongpoh District, officials from the Sports Department, Sports Department, Sports Department. the Rangbah Shnong and other elders.
Earlier, Mondal said he had visited the Umiam Bridge together with experts from IIT, Guwahati and engineers of MeE CL on Monday.
What is needed is to be humble, whether they praise or criticize.
Following the Supreme Court's order, Lafarge in 2007, invested Rs 55 crore in 2010 in the Compensatory Afforestation Fund Management and Planning Authority (CAMPA) with a 9 percent interest, which amounted to T. 72.66 crore but the PIO has not been able to report this amount.
He does not despise the weak but loves them.
He said that the government's visit to Jowai has witnessed that the work of cleaning the road is in progress.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today decided to clean and disinfect the office of the Meghalaya State Secretariat and the Additional Secretariat. two days on the 5th of November 2020 and on the 6th of November
The Joint VDP Sutnga Elaka warns that if any trucks or vehicles carrying garbage are found trying to bring Bret to Sutnga Elaka, the VDP members will arrest and detain the drivers of the garbage trucks and punish them. they.
After covering this distance of two kilometers, the road turns slowly in an 'S' shape from the west side of a lumpylloit and slowly avoids another headwater of a branch that flows into Umsak.
Titos said the party has handed over to Laitkroh Langkyrdem MDC Ryngkat Lyngdem to conduct the elections in Pynursla constituency 2023 and the Circle will do whatever is necessary.
He stressed that the spending of funds in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should be a priority.
The Lay-By Market at Mawkdok was inaugurated on 9th July by the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and the MLA of Sohra, Bah Gavin M Mylliemngap.
Up to 26 kilos of drugs were seized in two years.
The discussion ended with the agreement that even if he should be imprisoned, it doesn't matter but Bah Shanbor should be warned that he has become too clever.
Before the start of the two-day coaching camp, there will be a trial to select the talented players and all this will be conducted by the coaches from Rangdajied United Football School, Shillong.
The event is sponsored by the National Commission for Women, New Delhi and will be held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
The roads have been flooded and there are three streams, including Amlati, Amsohkyrchoh and Ammara. It is difficult to deliver the goods to the market.
Ferdinand Lyngdoh C/o Lamare, Shillong.
According to Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary, NTC, the scheme for the households under the jurisdiction of the NTC has been launched by the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA). ), through which the scheme will provide assistance to those households who earn up to 3 lakh tyngka per annum, to receive assistance through the Housing For All (PMAY-Sor) scheme.
The Minister said that this meeting will also showcase the culture of the Kochs and will also bring about unity in all fields especially in education and respect for the different cultures of the country. the state.
This is because Paiem Laborious wanted to strengthen the kingdom by holding this ceremony in a clean and pure place, the place where the gods live.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday urged the government to investigate the herbal medicines available in the state which can provide speedy recovery to those infected with Covid-1 19.
It is worth mentioning that various Sengbhalang groups have demanded the dismissal of these foreign workers, alleging that they are the ones who have incited and created trouble by ordering the police to attack the people who oppose the protesters. by Public Hearing.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on Monday said that the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has asked for time to respond to the call. The Government has expressed its gratitude to the Government for the evacuation of 342 households from the Sweeper Colony in Mawlong Market.
In the women's category, Umthli SC beat Umthli HSS 3-2 with N.Majaw (2 goals) and B.Kharsyntiew (2) and W.Marwein and M.Nongrum. Umthli HSS is one.
Congratulating the people for their confidence in the vision of the Meghalaya TMC, the National General Secretary of the AITC said, “Looking at the love, appreciation and desire of the people, I can say that the NPP I will not win any seat in Garo Hills.
The antichrists are not only from outside but also from within.
“It was the Congress that introduced the law to ban religious conversion in 1968 and 1988,” he said.
Those who are still drinking are also in the cars.
Murders happen every day.
Out of the three constituencies in West Khasi Hills, Rambrai Jyrngam constituency has four candidates, namely KP Pangniang of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (KPDP), Spastarlin Nongrem of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (KPDP), Spastarlin Nongrem of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (KPDP). Goldenstar Nonglong of the Indian National Congress, Kimfa S. Marbaniang of the National People's Party and RG Momin as an independent candidate.
The tournament will open with a match between Laitkor SC and Malki SC at the SSA Stadium, Polo at 2:15 pm.
If the security is strong, the police will not be able to chase after criminals because those who want to commit crimes will be afraid and shy when there are police on duty.
However, to talk about the same childbirth law in our Khasi Hills is still impossible because our people are still very small and there are still many places that are not allowed to fill the population across the border. Sam of Ri Khasi.
Dr Mawrie also gave a clear message that TB is a curable disease and urged those who have TB to check their medicines as prescribed and not to They should also be happy and provide the bank accounts of those who will receive 500 tyngka per month from the government to purchase nutritious food items.
What will happen? The army tanks and tanks will stand in line to show their strength and to attack the water sources.
Besides government schools, the state government has also requested private schools and church schools to provide up to one month leave for the students.
Shillong, November 01 : Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva scored 86 runs off 89 balls without losing a wicket. Meghalaya lost the final match of the U-25 Men's State A Trophy. Kerala beat Kerala by 41 runs in the match on Friday in Mohali.
On the other hand, the leader of the Seng Khasi Nongmynsong, Rgh Skor Jala, after the end of the dance, congratulated the leaders of the JPK, the Seng Kmie, and the members of the Seng Khasi. He also congratulated the members of the Seng Longkmie and Seng Samla of the Seng Khasi Nongmynsong who have worked hard to make this dance a success. kmen now you can.
Speaking on the party, he said, “The emergence of the VPP party is because we see this problem and how to remove that darkness. “There is no place for corruption in the Voice of The People Party. There is no place for corruption in the party.
As I said, no matter what the case, we have decided to find a way to move forward with mutual understanding,” said Conrad.
“Even people outside the constituency especially the farmers know well the character of Bah kynsing Lyngshiang especially that he is a volunteer who has worked hard when the state has been hit by the COVID-19 pandemic. 19 and who was ready to provide assistance by raising money from the pla to the people affected by this disease,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
Shillong: If the Central Government implements the National Register of Citizens (NRC), the census year for Meghalaya should be in
On this occasion, the Principal, Vice Principal together with the teachers of the College have been able to teach and guide them how to reach their goals in life.
The authorities in charge have not pushed or taken action,” said the Seng.
These former NTYU leaders include Vijay Raj and Pawan Sharma.
In this tournament, the Meghalaya women's team will have to complete five matches, all of which will be played in West Bengal, against Assam, Jammu and Kashmir, Nagaland, Delhi and Karnataka.
Thank the Lord that God does not lie.
Half a year has passed and the opportunity to read will be very short and the children will remain in trouble.
In the women's category, Pomlum Higher Secondary School, Baniun won the first prize by defeating Raid Sadew Laitjem Secondary School, Sadew and won the cash prize of 50,0 The winner receives 20,000 tyngka and a trophy.
“However, we can only complete 40 km per day, however we must reach the target of 60 km per day”.
He said that the decision of the MDCs to join one party will affect a little but the party will explain to the people that this is not an MLA or MDC election but an MP election. to elect an MP to represent the Khasi-Jaintia people.
Shillong, Nailur 22: U MLA of Mawphlang, Bah Mathew Kurbah today informed the House through Question Hour that the increase in the price of beverages due to the shortage of rice has caused many people to lose their livelihoods. Children to drop out of school part-time and increase crime in the State.
Others who attended the meeting were Bah Donborlang Nongsiej, Secretary Pyndensakwang Village, members of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle and others including teachers, school children and the villagers.
Meanwhile, the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma has criticized the government for its attempt to undermine the diversity of the country.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, has congratulated and praised the police through social media. which costs 2 crore tyngka.
Autonomous District Councils were introduced with the aim of governing themselves and protecting the indigenous people in various areas.
In his speech, the Chief Guest also expressed his desire to develop the college through the expansion of other departments, namely by opening the Commerce and Science stream within the college.
The place where the statue stands is known as Iewduh, which is the sacred market and the largest market in Shillong.
Speaking to the athletes, Prime Minister Duh said, “While you were in the middle of the games in Birmingham, billions of people of the country watched the night here in India to watch your games.
The first husband of the kur was called Thawlang and the first longkni was called Suitnia.
Turning to the tourism sector in Ri-War, the question is: can tourism be possible without the Umngot River? Our Ri-War is well known in these times because of Umngot.
This is important to recognize.
The production of our state is small and not as high as that of Ri-thor.
In 1999, NSCN General Secretary Thuingaleng Muivah said there were about 200,000 Khar Bangladeshis in Dimapur.
“In this regard, it has been decided to revive the Covid Committees in the villages in collaboration with the village authorities, district administration and the health department. you're right," he said.
The writer denied the allegation and alleged that the groom demanded T.65 lakh as dowry.
The fifth phase of the Meghalaya Games was the largest with 23 Olympic Games held around Tura with more than 3000 participants. The event was held in Shillong and 19 games were held and about 2500 people attended.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, today visited the family of a young man who tested positive for COVID-19, at Sajer village in Nongpoh.
The parties involved in calling for the talks will be NESO and its coalition parties such as KSU, NSF, AMSU, AASU, AAPSU, MZP, GSU ​​and TSF. The seminar will be held on the 21st March 2014 at Shillong Club, from 12 noon to 3 pm, with speakers who know well the subject, said a statement from Bah Auguster. Jyrwa General Secretary of the KSU. In another development, the KSU strongly condemns the attack on students from the North East, who are studying in different parts of India.
Speaking on the issue of building public confidence in the Legislative Assemblies and the need to maintain discipline and dignity in Parliament and Assembly, the Lamphang urged that Members of Parliament and Assemblies shall maintain the dignity and honor of the Iingdorbar by obeying and acting in accordance with the Rules and Procedures of the Iingdorbar.
The march was attended by the village leaders, Seng Longkmie and various Sengbhalang who strongly condemned these robbers who were involved in this crime and demanded that the authorities of the They should immediately arrest and punish the people involved according to the law.
Kyrshan said that the group has been running for more than a year and here in Shillong they are starting to implement from 3 Mer to Umlyngka, Nongumlong.
This plant can grow even in soils that lack fertilizer.
She said three out of 35 people have already lodged a complaint with the NHRC and ordered them to testify to the SP. “If the SP who arrested us how will he take testimony from us? Other police officers should be appointed," she said.
He said that according to the letter received, the government has indicated that shopping malls, night clubs and other activities will be built in New Shillong for the benefit of foreigners.
He said that the strongest attempt to demarcate the border was only during the time of the Government of Bah EK Mawlong in the years 2000-01 and it was during this period that the Government of Meghalaya Prafulla Kumar Mahanta, then Prime Minister of Assam, has fought for the restoration of the land allocated to the Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council. , at that time, that it did not reach the target and which led him to resign from the post of Minister for not complying with the rules and regulations in this regard.
Even if you have a job, many of you earn money.
Guidingstar Suna scored the goals in the 3rd & 13th minutes and Sanga Sumer in the 42nd minute.
On our part, we have tried many times to get a reply from the government on this issue but our efforts have been in vain due to the deafness of those in the government,” he said.
Shillong: The preparations for the MDC elections 2019, have started today, through the meeting of James K Sangma, Minister in charge of District Council, with the two CEMs of the District Council. Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills District Council.
The District Magistrate issued the order on Monday and this order will remain in force until further notice to complete the monitoring of the affected and potentially affected persons.
On the Congress leader's proposal to the NPP to surprise the BJP, so that the Congress can cooperate with the NPP, he said, “I don't want to say anything on this statement to surprise the BJP so that the BJP can surprise the BJP. The Congress will be able to work with the NPP, as is the arrangement made in MDA II and will continue until the end of its term”.
Sohra, today, received 203.2mm of rainfall, while today, from 8.30 am to 2.30 pm, it received 35.6mm of rainfall.
A 7.65mm Pistol, a Magazine and unused bullets were recovered from the scene.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah was speaking on the allegation by Dr Mukul Sangma that the MDA government does not have any new schemes but all of them are purchased from the Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion (IBDLP).
LK Singh, District Coordinator, IE SSA, West Jaintia Hills said that the objective of the assessment camp is to identify and search for children with disabilities so that ALIMCO, Guwahati can provide them with disabilities. Provide them with equipment in the future that will make it easier for them to walk, stand, hear and see including Wheelchair, CP Chair, Crutches, Smart Cane & Braille Kits for the blind, Multi-Sensory Inclusive Educational Kits for Intellectual Disability bad Hearing Aids.
Even if there are health centers but there are no doctors, people get health and treatment by trusting the health centers in their villages or nearby. More and more there are tragic incidents because of these trees, along with the spread of poverty and the power of knowledge.
Bah Morningstar Khongthaw welcomed all those who attended the meeting and also explained some of the activities and initiatives of the party before reaching the milestone to set up the first Unit or Branch.
The North East Society for Agroecology and the Global Himalayan Expedition together with TATA Communications Ltd.
The Ri Bhoi District Youth Assembly (UYA) Congress Committee and the Umroi Block Congress Committee (BCC) today appointed youth leaders known as the Umroi Youth Assembly (UYA) Congress Committee. Youths to strengthen the party and also in preparation for the 2023 elections to be held in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is facing a severe financial crisis and may not have enough funds to allocate funds to the MDCs of the Council. The Central Board has not allocated any funds to the Council for this purpose.
They have to issue a completion certificate or certificate that the road work has been completed and is complete.
The Championship was inaugurated by the Chairman of MSMA, Bah.
Many churches are not happy and do not agree with this unlimited appointment of Chairman by this government and previous governments, because it is just a waste of public money. The authorities do not contribute to the development or income of the state.
Shillong was formerly known as IEWDUH until
Among the EGH batsmen, only Lensbirth N Marak managed to score 16 runs before being dismissed by Ben Haden N Marak (2/21 off 7 overs).
Such incidents remind us of the efforts of the Modi Government in 2021, that the Government and District Councils will implement a new Svamitva Act in 6846 villages in Khasi Hills, where Thousands of foreigners will come to the Survey of India to stay in all these villages for at least 5 years, in order to do the drone mapping with the Continuous Operating Reference System ( CORS).
She said that although the government has prepared a report received from a foreign source, and after the High Court has intervened, IIM Shillong has been requested to help look into this and has There is also a meeting held, but no results have been obtained.
However, even in the midst of the violence, there are still Khasi girls and women who protect foreigners by not owning shops in Iewduh. the public.
(Ephesians 6:1) and there should be respect for one another and for authority.
“We can expect him to resign because of his inability to look after the safety of this job,” said Bah Mawthoh.
Not only that, NEHUTA and NEHUSU in a statement said that they have received complaints from the students that the Asst.Sports Director of NEHU is accused of harassing students who want to expose themselves. in sports activities.
The Cabinet also approved to change the name of the Department of Labor to the Department of Labour, Employment and Skill Development.
Plantina Mujai, a 61-year-old mother of 10 children, said she started this a long time ago, but since she met NESFAS, has been able to do well in the field of selling various food items and what has made her happiest, is after she has been able to open a better shop and more accessible. many people and compared to the old one.
The union warns the Doloi of Sutnga Elaka and the Rangbah Shnong to immediately revoke the permit of the factory and also not to give land to the Nepalis.
Kharge, who is the Minister of Karnataka Rural Development and Panchayat Raj, said there should have been a thorough investigation and those involved would be brought to justice.
Luke 12:20.
Nujorki said there is also a shortcoming on the part of the Meghalaya government to set up an outpost.
Tiangong, during his time in space, led Chinese astronomers and helped teach books in schools, where they were taught in various parts of the world. in Ri.
One of the inspirations of this song is the struggle of love and friendship.
The principle of the second point is: “Equality between those who are not equal and those who are not equal should differ.
In the second match, Diengchynrum beat ACCFC 5-0. Timing Lyngdoh scored three goals (20, 30 & 47) to score a hat-trick. Victor Rymbai (55) and Bretly Lyngdoh (67) scored the second goal.
“Shall I pass by without telling my family....
Despite receiving less than T.133 crore and despite the criticism of the MLA (Bah Sanbor Shullai), his brother-in-law in the ruling party has remained silent. The MDC of Laban-Mawprem, who did not speak in the House, has surprised many MDCs who thought that the loudest voice would be from the MDC of Laban-Mawprem who has received only half the power of others. pat but it wasn’t like that.
Thus, we see as human beings that we look at a person only from the outside, we see the beauty of his cleanliness, the whiteness of his teeth, but we don't know that his heart is dark.
At such times, guide them in terms of manners and respect and let them know especially that there is someone who rules over us from above and we are nothing without Him. Teach them to respect nature, trees, shrubs, that is the mountain is the river.
The meeting was chaired by Minister Midnightborn Kharlukhi.
The Puriang night has become a burial ground for about 4 drivers.
Khliehriat, July 21: The CSR department of Star Cement Lumshnong Company today conducted a free medical camp at Umtyra village, East Jaintia Hills District. They came to take medicine and underwent a medical check up.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the firefighters who rushed to the scene said that they immediately rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire, but as the scene was narrow, it was too late. They were forced to fight quickly to extinguish the fire and the water did not have a good chance to burn because some parts were covered with tin.
Your sins have hidden His face from you, so that He will not hear" Isaiah 59:1-2
In a letter sent to Conrad K Sangma, JAC Chairman PK Shullet said, “Our suspension of the protest is peaceful, and we expect the state government to seek Senior IAS officers like CMD-MeECL who will be full time in such times of crisis.
On the other hand, the President of the Umlew River Protection Committee, Bah Braveman Nongrum, has expressed his concern over the pollution of the river and blamed the tourists who have polluted the river. and to this river, by breaking the cord of the garbage.
Therefore, the family members and others who have any connection with this deceased are urged to come and collect the body immediately which is now inside the morgue of this hospital, within three days from the death of the deceased. The Shillong Municipal Board has issued this notice before handing over the body to the Shillong Municipal Board for further investigation.
The delta variant of the corona virus has spread again in the United States of America and it is reported that the delta variant has affected children, with 84 percent of the cases. Hospitals in Texas, Florida and Missouri have been overwhelmed.
On the other hand, some of the passengers said that the state government through the PWD department should have taken immediate steps to improve this alternative road before closing the traffic. Besides the dam, due to the deterioration and narrowness of the road from Shillong Airport, Umrynjah will also endanger the traffic of the people due to the increasing number of traffic accidents and crimes that can affect the passengers. .
Jowai, Jymmang 24: The election of the new Rangbah Shnong of Pamrakmai Village, which was conducted by the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka together with the District Council officials, has been held today.
Because the cost of this pandemic has been staggering.
He said that the union is pleased that the management of these banks has not given any objection and is ready to join hands to close down these banks. “The union urges all government offices or banks to respect any public holiday in the Bri u Hynniewtrep,” he added.
Besides, there is the Rambrai market which is held once a month, as it is the center of the area where the people have to come every market day to provide for their household expenses.
“In Rambrai, we have a goal to win the election against the NPP candidate. However, what we need as party office bearers and employees is to work together with love and compassion so that their aspirations will be met. “We want a government that can bring peace to all the people,” said Bah Bor.
At such a moment, their spiritual eyes are blinded and they see and are led astray by the beauties and colors of the world.
MLA SK Sunn was the chief guest and distributed the prizes to the finalists.
Shillong: The EJNC (EJNC) today lodged a complaint with the SP of Bataw Lakadong Constituency Dr. Sanky Shangpung. Hills District, Khliehriat District, has protested against the spread of news on social media through Facebook and Whatsapp that someone has tested positive for the virus in Umlyngsha, Lama and Deinsatlang villages in East Jaintia Hills District. the name of the virus.
The SYLLI species is the largest of all the species of siej or shken growing in Ri Hynniewtrep.
Also present on the occasion were Zoramthanga, former Chief Minister of Mizoram, Chief Executive Member of GHADC, members of Garo Students Union, FKJGP, ADE, other political parties from Garo Hills. and newspapers.
Sources said Salahuddin confessed that he was brought to the India-Bangladesh border in a vehicle and then transferred to another vehicle within the Indian border. and at that point his eyes were blindfolded and the ride had been running for about 3 and a half hours.
There are now 1.77 lakh beneficiaries who have received more assistance under the CM-CARE scheme,” said the statement.
The FCI FSD Jowai is one of the storage facilities for the food and beverage supply of the district. Thank you to the Manager of FCI FSD Jowai, who gave an explanation on the method of collecting the rice from the weighing of the trucks, the weight of the rice from the truck and the quality of the rice. before entering the depot.
Your time and mine are still long enough for us to live in this world if you count the age of man...” Lanosha said, “Yes, I understand that, but.
The road is good but there are no street lights in these areas.
This speech of Bah Constantine Lyngdoh has stirred up the audience.
No entry fee is required for this tournament and only players from Jaintia Hills are allowed.
On the other hand, the authorities also invited two expert speakers to explain to the youth of the constituency how they can move forward in their lives.
On the other hand, Dr DD Lapang expressed his gratitude to the Young Minds for remembering him by putting up a memorial statue and he and his family will forever praise the Young Minds.
Referring to the NPP's support for the Citizenship Amendment Act, TMC MDC Agassi Marak said, “Before the elections, they said we would reject the CAA immediately, but when they Agatha Sangma has supported the CAA in Parliament, so we should reject such parties”.
Donald Trump is still ahead of Joe Biden, who has been accused of failing in the fight against the coronavirus, which has killed 229,000 people in the United States.
The AJYWO Central Body, in a statement issued by Bah MH Dkhar, President of the AJYWO, demands that the GR Infra Project Ltd should immediately rectify or drop all the registrations of the AJYWO. Along the NH-44, the places, villages and hamlets in Jaintia Hills have been marked.
Many of the Nokma in the Tura area have expressed their opposition to the Draft Master Plan for the city of Tura prepared by the Urban Development Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
“The meeting was attended by MSOA leaders and members, the Director of the department, WAM Booth and others.
The management of wildfire related activities will fall under the jurisdiction of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), to ensure the effective management of wildfires.
The Holy Spirit has come down to earth since the day of Pentecost.
On this occasion, the MLA of Jirang, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, met with these leaders not only to give their blessings and the spirit of cooperation in the area, but also to talk about many issues. issues related to the development and welfare of the people of Western Ri Bhoi.
The opportunity should be opened for us to showcase our talents through various opportunities such as schooling, music, sports, creativity, etc. If the opportunity is not open, These talents of ours don't fail but if the opportunity opens, they will become great weapons for the country and the nation. thousands through these talents as well as other talented people who earn money from various jobs in this world such as sports, singing, actor actress, government, business and many others. we don't have enough education or qualifications in their lives.
On the other hand, Enlang Sawian said that the Meghalaya government through the education department should take action to help the students from poor families not to allow schools to pay school fees.
Sanjeev Arora, leader of the Aam Aadmi Party, congratulated Raghav and Parineeti on their relationship.
O the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God! How unsearchable are his judgments, and how unsearchable are his judgments, for who has known the mind of the Lord! Or one who used to be a disciple with him? Or who gave it to him first? and shall it not be recompensed unto him? For, OF HIM, BY HIM, AND TO HIM, are all things: To Him be Glory forever and ever. Amen.
During the Test match between India-Australia from June to October, the spectators expressed their deep concern over the many shortcomings in the stadiums and There was also a lack of cleanliness at the Arun Jaitley Stadium in Delhi.
He said that it is also necessary for these District Councils to meet from time to time to avoid misunderstanding.
In this article, women are forced and bloodthirsty to believe that the destruction of the family is their responsibility.
It means that Jesus became a sacrifice once for all, not many times to take away the sins of mankind, after which He rose again and ascended to heaven to the Father (God).
Speech was also delivered by Bah Teibor Pathaw, Chief Secretary, who is the candidate for the MDC election
The complaint from the teachers' union said that out of the 101 teachers who were considered to be not qualified for the selection, the CBI investigation found that there were 50 teachers who were not qualified. They are free from any charges of slander and they are therefore demanded that they should be allowed to do their job.
Therefore, the Umroi MLA said that it is only because of the government's lack of attention to the construction of bridges for the convenience of the people which has also led to the increase in the price of food items. mardih, because the vehicles carrying goods coming from Guwahati to Shillong, which should have traveled on the nearest road to Shillong, but had to travel a long distance and which they needed to get the fare. However, the problem will be faced by the people who have to buy food and beverages.
He said that the issues related to the rights of the residents of Them Iewmawlong have now been resolved, and it is through the hard work of the Meghalaya Government, the Harijan Panchayat Committee and other groups to reach an understanding.
We must take measures and establish a City Council elected by the people, otherwise the City, Shillong must be an inclusive city.
On the occasion, the police said that they have already registered a case to complete the remaining investigation.
Although he did not mention any country, he mentioned places like Syria, Iraq and parts of Africa, where these militants are strongest.
When asked whether there will be a change of MDC, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “Don't ask me because once again, the EC of KHADC has to take the decision. There is no such proposal sent to the Government or to me...I don't have anything to say about it”.
In the early years of the state, the people elected leaders to provide clean governance, as they expected but later we find that this is no longer the case; she has led the people astray.
Sources said that the reason for the riots was after the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong decided to ban the entry and exit of Karbi people in the village.
Rangdajied United FC scored one goal in the first half and one before the end of the first half.
The investigation is ongoing and the body was handed over to her father today.
Therefore, in order to improve agriculture, the government should turn its attention to the farmers of these villages and encourage them by creating mechanisms to provide water to these farmland.
Shillong, March 19: The proposal to build a new Meghalaya Legislative Assembly is far from being implemented even after 13 years since the old Legislative Assembly collapsed in
Vidarbha are currently in fourth place in Group E and are on track to reach the top if they beat Meghalaya in this match.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the pass has not been issued by the district administration.
: Two Rangbiria from Mawbeh Village have won the title of Rongbiria Seng Kut Snem Shooting Competition, organized by the Rongbiria Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong on Wednesday, 18th November , at the Second Ground Polo field.
He added that the government should also provide assistance to them even during the rainy season, because if schools are closed, the day laborers do not receive any salary and therefore they requested to provide assistance even during the rainy months. spirit because I don't have a lad shawei.
Only the law is prohibited but the work is not prohibited.
Voice of People Party (VPP) MLA from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday criticized the Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong for his remarks regarding the Mawlong Market and He said that the VPP will never mislead the people.
The Minister said that heavy trucks are not allowed to pass through this road for the time being, but for small vehicles, they are still allowed to pass through the road from Brishyrnot- Lumshnong (Star Cement).
He said that NEIGRIHMS, one of the largest hospitals in the state, also disposes of its waste at Marten by paying a monthly fee to the hospital.
On March 3, 2019, the High Court refused to grant bail to the Bishop, but today granted bail to Mulakkal, the Bishop in charge of the Diocese of Jalandhar, Punjab.
Replying to a question, the Minister said that they have not said anything on the PPP mode as private schools have their own problems faced by the people.
Map if you are wrong but you don't need to smoke without you need to be wrong.
The two main sources of the French snap that can no longer be removed from the Khasi people are the dangle education and the Christian church, but if there is a will and surprise to correct, there is still a way to look away. .
The Chief Secretary, Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday announced that the government will hold a meeting with the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on the 7th to discuss the issue of Harijan Colony.
In another incident, two men were arrested from Mawlai Nongmali after police seized a klong sharak from them.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Ma Madonbai Rymbai said that talks with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders are ongoing on his election campaign.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, on Tuesday said that he will monitor the work of the former Executive Committee (EC) to formulate the recruitment policy in KHADC. new.
"With all due respect, I believe he made a grave mistake in his political career by joining the TMC," Sharma told reporters.
According to information received, the Nongpoh Police Station, after receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies that there was a vehicle smuggling the drugs, immediately raided Khyndong Umling and conducted a search operation. They also seized three small boxes of drugs from a vehicle without a number plate.
Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang said that the child who stabbed a woman in Mawlai Mawdatbaki on the evening of 13th November 2023, is under the age of 18 years. Learner's Driving License or a license showing that you are just starting to drive a motorcycle.
Dasakhiatbha Lamare said that it is not wrong to use social media, as it is one of the platforms to gather information, but as it is now, it has been seen that many young people They are too busy on Social Media to upload pictures of themselves, pornography, pornography and others, in order to get a lot of Likes and Comments, but through this they don't think that it will affect their studies. they.
Leaders of the HYC who were present on the occasion included Samla Enlang Sawïan, Education Secretary, HYC Sengkmie, Tonny Shylla, Secretary, HYC Ribhoi and others.
According to the Governor, the government has also acknowledged that the border area between Meghalaya and Assam is in peace, especially in Block-I and II. there is no peace in the border areas.
At the same time, he said that there are also Government schools, Higher Secondary Schools which have to appoint Principals and the work has been suspended for five years and the MPSC has had to bear the burden.
Last month, the Governor of Meghalaya sent back the Bill to the Government and asked for clarification on some of the provisions of the Bill.
He congratulated the CEOs that since the launch of this campaign on 1st July, 2022, more than 2.5 crore AADHARs have been collected through the voluntary donations of the people.
The project was scheduled to be completed in July 2018 but due to conflicts with the Forest Department and the delays mentioned above, it is still delayed.
The complainant has collected up to T.80 lakh from 38 people for 10 years and paid back the money to him (who is not an IB Officer) but he has refused to pay the complainant when he has not received it. “It is not enough to fulfill the promise,” said a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem.
Furthermore, most of the areas of the state fall under the Autonomous Areas under the jurisdiction of the District Councils and the District Councils have authority over the Syiemships, Lyngdohships, Sidarships, Wahadadarships and Rangbah Shnongs. , the Sordars of the Villages, the Chiefs of the Raids, the Doloiships, the Nokmaships and the Villages.
Therefore, the government's plans to send electricity generation to various companies since 2007, when Dr. Mukul Sangma became Power Minister, have not been implemented yet.
“The Supreme Court has postponed the hearing of the case,” said the MUDA Secretary.
I have appointed you as a peon at a salary of T10,500/- per month,” said the officer. that I have taken this decision to hire you.
The religious ceremony went smoothly without any interference.
They are trying to fly to Delhi just to deceive the stupid people who are about to be defeated in the MLA election which will be held soon in about three months.
Should we take part for the sake of the light of the nation and not for the sake of religious differences? Shabas Bah Purning.
Shillong, July 29 : The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 28 people have tested positive for COVID-1
Houses, churches, schools were destroyed and crops were damaged, especially in Ri War.
Saiñbor Kassar scored the second goal in the 70th minute.
After receiving a tip, police from Jhalupara OP rushed to the scene to conduct investigation.
From the beginning of the first half until the end of the second half, the match was very thrilling and exciting for the fans.
He said that this is the biggest project in Ribhoi from the Irrigation Department and the government should investigate those involved in the construction of torti. not only to the people but also to the Government.
They also demanded that this be done in a fair and transparent manner according to the right standards.
It is learned that the fire broke out due to the overheating of the phone.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 28878 out of which 20989 have recovered and 435 have died.
In this regard, he said that the party has received many comments from its followers about its weakness in 10 constituencies.
He said that at the time of the start of the games, it was also the rainy season and due to the excessive snowfall, the children were unable to use their skills properly. have.
The University authorities before announcing the dates of the examinations should ensure that the students will have no problem in writing the examinations.
The People's Welfare and Development Society (PWDS) has conducted a training on the Prevention of Early Child Marriage at St. Joseph's Secondary School, Mynsngat, West Jaintia Hills District.
He said that Assam and Meghalaya should look into and create good opportunities for the future to promote water sports in the Umiam Lake in the future.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC on Saturday beat Langsning FC 2-0 in the Shillong Premier League 2019 at the JN Stadium Shillong.
Therefore, he said that this day is a memorable day because for many years the people of the State especially the coal miners and those who rely on the coal industry have faced many problems, and not only the people but The government has lost a huge amount of revenue but we hope that this will change in the future.
Raphael Warjri said that the question has been around since last years when Bah AB Hynniewta wrote a book on the lunar calendar of the Khasi.
At the two-day meeting, the leaders of about 26 political parties took part to strengthen the new synrop group, which will fight against the BJP led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
Remember, 'even the little one has his own turn, if you insult or treat him badly, he will be successful when he wakes up'
“We have come to inform you about this issue after many of the Khasi paradoh parasnam living in other villages like Mawlai, Laitumkhrah, Jaïaw and other places want to buy land or have already bought it but The Sordar of Diengpasoh has not issued a permit and we have come to inform and ask for clarification from the Deputy Secretary of KHADC on this issue,” he said.
Shillong, March 05: The Government will strive to complete the construction of poor houses in Nongmensong by October 2016, said the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh. to build houses on the site.
Therefore, he urged the children who participated in this day, not to kill living creatures and if they find anyone doing so, they should inform the people. the forest department, to ensure that they can do what is necessary, he added.
Those who attended the ceremony included Santa Mary Shylla, Waheh Shnong Lumshnong, Monlang Ladong, leaders and members of Narpuh Border. Area JAC, residents of Narpuh area, Block Development Officers and other government officials of the district.
Sheen Sohktung scored the only goal for the team.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: A letter regarding the powers of the Khasi District Council (KDC) on the demand of the Khasi District Council (KDC) to pass the Village Administration Bill, 2014 has been published.
The Minister said that the department has taken great care to support the farmers in the state to use modern equipment such as drones and to provide seeds and training to protect to the rep.
“He should have given an account of what the Congress government in the state has done and not just mislead the people,” said Bah Shibun.
He gave the example of the Central Government laws such as the laws on mineral resources and forests which need to be released in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Members of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday morning started a march from Mairang village. to Shillong as a sign of demanding that the State Government should review and revise the Reservation Policy, 1972 and also to support the indefinite resignation of the President of the Voice of the People Party. (VPP) at the parking lot, opposite the Additional Secretariat Office, Shillong.
He also signed a petition submitted to the Home Minister on 18th May
During the inspection, they found that the policemen are still living inside the MGNREGS Constitutional Building VEC/AEC Umsohlait and do not have their own office. complete.
He said that tomorrow morning, the health department officials will hold a meeting with the leaders of these villages and after that, random testing will start for all the villagers. residents of these 3 villages by Anti-gen kits test.
T.11.82 crore has been allocated to the first group, T.3.71 crore to the second group, T.8.35 crore to the third group, T.3.42 crore to the fourth group and T.3.37 crore to the fourth group.
Shillong, March 23: Students of NEHU have raised 16 issues before the Vice Chancellor of NEHU. They said that the CSIR-NET Examination Center in Shillong has been demanded for a long time but nothing has been done yet. They said that the presence of the Center only in Guwahati has caused them financial, physical and mental suffering.
I hope that his works, which he has published in these two newspapers, will continue to grow, according to the circumstances of this age.
They request the Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Limited (MePDCL) to think for the benefit of the consumers and not just for themselves. where does this bill go? Yes! The office and its employees have faced many difficulties in providing electricity especially during the heavy rains and strong winds. The office should request the higher authorities to take action on this issue because if there are many hours of blackout except for the fire, it is a big loss.
He said the BJP and the youth should stand together to bring about development and eradicate corruption because as of now the people have rejected the Congress party which has put the state in a state of emergency. There is no future for the youth and the state.
Nonglwai SC won the 2nd Division by beating Langpih SC 3-2 in the tie-breaker after scoring 10 goals in the final. was on the same day which was really cool.
Regarding the lack of doctors at the PHC, Bah Peter Thongni, Sirdar of Mawlasnai, admitted that in fact, as the village leaders, we have approached the health authorities many times. , Dr. Kshiar has appealed to the District Health Officer (DHMO) and DHS to report on the problems faced by the people due to the lack of doctors at the PHC. 2013, until now it has been 3 years, where there is no doctor at this PHC, but we would like to express our gratitude to Doctor Ayush, Dr.W.L Nonglait, who has struggled hard to provide adequate treatment. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Peter Thongni.
Chinese officials said it has taken only less than two months for China to manage its activities and security in the country since the lifting of sanctions. They have been implemented for many years.
Synroplang said that the income from these four vehicles is divided into half of the income and contract with Synroplang and only 10 percent is allocated for the repair of bad vehicles.
Shillong, June 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah VGK Kynta on Tuesday said that he has no intention of contesting the MP elections to the Lok Sabha in
All these 40 foreigners do not have proper documents.
Before the start of the tournament, speeches were delivered by TASA President Bah Phelenstar Rani, while the meeting was conducted by Bah RA Rangslang General Secretary TASA. In the First Division, Umkseh SC beat Nongspung AYSC, SA in a goalless draw.
Marak said police do not know exactly whether the family members paid the money demanded by the GNLA but sources from the intelligence department said that the GNLA rebels released him after he was arrested. The victim's family members have paid the money and demanded T.20 lakh.
In March 2011, Catholics from Mawlai Parish under the leadership of its Bishops, went on a special climb to Mount Sohpetbneng.
She said that the unemployment of the youth of the state and one of the reasons is through our Board because many of them when they go for interview do not pass, compared to ICSE, CBSE by giving examples of the difference. After the programme, the Chief Guest together with the officers visited the residence halls of the Halfway Home. which includes office, bedrooms, bathrooms, dining rooms and others.
MS Rao, Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Chairman, CVD Diengdoh, Member Secretary and members will be Dr. Aman Warr, DHS (MI), Rev. Dr. P Lyngdoh, President, Shillong All Faiths Forum, Shillong All Faiths Forum, Rev EH Kharkongngor, Secretary, and Naba Bhattacharjee, Joint Secretary, Shillong All Faiths Forum, said in a statement. Joint Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Home (Political) Department.
The death toll of 793 people in the country has shown a sharp increase in the number of deaths from any disease in the country within 24 hours.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : Three men from Sabuda village who were arrested by the Assam Police in June this year, Barson Lawai, Standing Khriam and Dispar Mukhim, have been arrested. released on bail from prison in Assam.
Do you need help? All these, you and I, every step, every moment we dream, we long and pray that wonderful miracles will happen in life.
Residents of Hopkinson Road can leave Lower Lachummiere.
The Minister also expressed the hope that one day the state will be able to produce and supply fish to its own state, through the hard work of the officers of the department and the fish farmers. state.
As a key player for both teams, Toney has scored 20 goals in 33 appearances for Brentford this season, which has helped the team as a whole to win. The player will also miss Saturday's match against Tottenham Hotspur and the final match. The team will play at home against Manchester City on the 28th of this month.
The celebration was enriched by the participation of the children of the village from the youth to the children through songs and dances.
Akhil will be taken to Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) for treatment, said Inspector General (Prisons) Dasarath Das.
The Dorbar Shnong Ladthadlaboh has expressed its strong opposition to the government's announcement to relocate the PWD North Jowai Division office from Jowai to Shangpung.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said he has not received the legal notice.
The incident was monitored by all countries of the world, and the Indian Navy was relied upon to release the ship as they are very skilled in guarding the oceans from such activities.
It was also handed over to the NIC of the state government to meet with the consultants from Delhi regarding the Design Associate where they discussed to start the work.
Therefore, he urged the people of 2-Jowai to vote for him in this election.
Iranian security forces said on Thursday they had detained about 260 people, including three from Europe, while they were gathering in Tehran to worship demons. you country.
The survey also said that about 68 percent of India's population is between the ages of 15 and 64 and the country's growth rate is estimated at
Like the biscuit, we can use it only as a vegetable that we cook at home.
He said that the Nongjri market, which is held every Saturday, has been temporarily closed because people from all over the country, especially from Shillong, come to the market. , but as the disease has spread rapidly, to prevent the spread of the disease, the village has decided to close from tomorrow morning until the 2nd July
Speaking to media, he said the reason why he will contest the 2024 election is because he has the right to work hard as an MDC. Take care of the Khadar rule which is the life and death of the country and the nation because many of the leaders today are selfish.
The State Government has made it clear that it does not allow foreigners to enter the country at this time and according to these words, it has made it clear that those who walk and stand, will be the villagers and The Sengbhalang, Dorbar Shnongs, should enforce the rules and if these nightclubs, restaurants, entertainment venues are not suitable for the villagers, it shows that the State Government has also made a mistake. , that she just opened them, when she didn't allow outsiders.
The JSM Women's Wing (JSM) has extended a helping hand to a family who are victims of a flood in Barato village.
"It may be recalled that Bah Cherishstarfield Thangkhiew passed away on the morning of 13th July, 2021 after a raid on his residence by the police. He was arrested on charges of involvement in the bomb blasts in East Jaintia Hills District and Laitumkhrah.
“Then I also have an opinion and I can also fight.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Banlumlang Nonglang, General Secretary of KSU Mawshynrut Circle. Speeches were delivered by Samla Ulysis Ryntong, General Secretary of KSU Mawshynrut Circle. of the Kingdom of Nonglang.
Shillong, June 05: The National Health Mission (NHM) in Meghalaya has started collecting better figures on the number of Delivery Staff in the NHM. He said that at present there are such employees who have passed the rank and the time they work is the same, but the salary they receive is different between them.
The dancers led by AMDA President Bah Kitbok Thabah said that they have sent three letters to Dr Mukul Sangma to call for discussion on their demands, but till now they have not received any news.
SGH have already held the first position in Zone 2 with two wins, while EGH have lost both their matches.
Happiness not only to the students but to the whole family, especially those who have entered the top list. The happiness is for the school as a whole.
The CoRP has admitted that Assam has planned to build under the area where the Wahkri from Ri Bhoi and the Khri Synnia from West Khasi Hills meet near Kyrshai village and head to northern Assam.
“The government will encourage the opening of more Higher Secondary Schools and request the Managing Committees of Secondary Schools to request the Government to open Higher Secondary Schools”.
The match didn't impress the spectators, after the players from both the teams didn't really show their skills. .
The earthquake also shook houses across Meghalaya and other parts of the North East as well as in Bangladesh.
This has been a blessing to many as they have been able to earn a living from the tourists,” he said.
However, this scheme has been suspended after 2018,” he said.
Ampareen said the Board has been urged to prepare a project to address the prostitution of women in view of the increasing number of HIV/AIDS cases in Meghalaya.
In the second half, France scored the first goal through Paul Pagba in the 79th minute, but before the end of the first half, France scored a goal through Paul Pagba. In the 90+2 minutes, France scored the third goal through Joseph Yobo of Nigeria.
There were two passengers on board and one of them died on the spot.
When contacted, many of the families whose houses have been destroyed by the heavy rains, said that they have not yet received any assistance from the government authorities.
Some scholars say that the Ten Commandments were taken from the Code of Hammurabi.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Hercules Suting, President of the HYC Ri Bhoi District, said that the members of the HYC, after receiving information about the presence of these foreigners in Umiam, arrested the suspects. When they tried to get information from these foreigners, they found that they had tickets to Silchar, but they left the place.
The Umbuda Village Council honored its members who have given 25 years of service.
Shillong, November 14: The meeting between the State Government, KHADC and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has decided to request for the Village Administration Bill (VAB) from the Governor of Meghalaya. it will be able to amend the rules as clarified by the Ministry of Home Affairs.
“The purpose of bringing this is also to turn it into a topic of discussion and for the people to forget about the important issues, to forget about the increase in prices of goods, unemployment, employment. corruption and others and that people should disrupt the elections by going to religion,” said Bah Robert.
In the complaint, Abhijit Basumatary said that corruption is rampant in departments including the Land Customs Station, Police Department, Transport, DMR and state executive departments. and State Tax Department and others.
The Association has raised this question after the State Government through the Commissioner Food and Safety has issued an order ban ban the import of fish from outside the State for 15 days, starting from the 8th of July.
The lawsuit against Depp has blocked him from continuing to star in season 6 of 'Pirates of the Caribbean' and other films after Heard publicly revealed that she was a victim of sexual harassment. domestic violence since November 2018.
Political parties play an important role in democracy, as they speak to the feelings of the majority of the people.
Perhaps that was not the case, because there was no response from the other side.
The meeting was attended by Bah Mathias Mynsong and Bah Kitbok Dorphang, leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Sonidan Area. On the HYC side, Bah Martin Umbah and others. .
Two minutes later, in the 70th minute, Senegal through captain Kalidou Koulibaly scored the second goal. Round 16.
Shillong, Naitung 26: Police have seized 39 petrol bombs from a forest near Mawtawar, Thapbalieh, VIP Road at 4:30 pm today.
In the tough elite event, the cyclists will have to walk four turns from the gate to the inside of the beautiful Malki forest and then to the top of Shillong Hill and back inside. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, on Tuesday said that the mid-term elections to the KHADC should be held soon as those areas where there are no MDC leaders will be affected.
Shillong, March 19: The meeting of 6 (hynriew) villages including The Mission, Mawkhar, Wahingdoh, Riatsam Thiah, Umsohsun, Wah Thapbroo Village Dorbars together with the Women's and Youth Wings who met at the Umsohsun Dorbar Hall on 15th March, unanimously decided to support and take part in the march to be held on the 30th March convened by the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep.
Arora said that in the first phase, 71 members will be elected to the State Assembly, in the second phase, 94 members will be elected and in the third phase, 78 members will be elected.
Wahiajer's goal came through Geoge Ryngkhlem in the 4th minute.
Any disruption in such timing of exam preparation will disrupt not only in terms of completion of the syllabus but also the ability to conduct the exams smoothly which will adversely affect the students.
Therefore, I feel that the District authorities can feel that it is natural turf, and if too many people come, it can damage the turf and there is no parking space. .
On the part of Bah Daniel Khongsit, Waheh Shnong of Bakur and one of the leaders of MTYDS, he congratulated all the participants and especially the thousands of people who gave their support by witnessing this event. competition won.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Shillong Police have recovered the body of a young woman from Rynjah.
In the past, I used to have the opportunity to spend time with my own family during the curfew, but this time, I felt a little sad, that I had lost the members of my family, because there are parts of my life,” Dutt said.
“On behalf of Narendra Modi, I apologize for the incident.
This shows that the Garo people are strong and determined to get their own state.
In this country, they cannot stand chess without support or special blessings.
“However, after this, they removed me from the post of Rangbah Shnong in November 2010 and they have been running the chess business. I don't have anything to do with the theft of the money from Lumpohsiej Khliehtyrshi,” he said.
The Court said that the interim report filed by Justice BP Katakey on 9th July 2022, states in paragraph 3.5 that the amount of coal mined is according to the NGT census. roadsides of 24 places, of which 12 are in East Jaintia Hills, 2 in West Khasi Hills, 7 in South West Khasi Hills and 3 in South Garo Hills.
The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) today said it will have to consider whether it has received a letter from the Congress party. .
However, due to the lack of training facilities, their talent and skills have ended up playing in clubs in the villages in the district.
On Tuesday, 30 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
The curfew was ended on the 12th of this month.
Children should take over agriculture from their parents for the sake of self-sufficiency and service to the country and the nation.
Referring to the matches held on Tuesday, all three categories include Under-14 men, Under 17 men and Under 17 women.
“We are still waiting for the government to call us to discuss this issue,” said HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh. Gurjit Singh declined to comment on the matter.
The skins of this fruit are high in calories, contain unsaturated oils, sugars and carbohydrates and are also rich in fiber and some proteins.
In the second leg, Thangsning FC beat Nongkrem FC 2-0
Shillong, Lber 24: The National General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar on Tuesday condemned the President of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP), Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit. he became a turncoat or a turncoat from one party to another.
Samla Bisharlang Pyngrope from Mawlyngngad village in East Khasi Hills District and former Principal of TMT Higher Secondary School and currently working at St. Michael's Higher Secondary School, Umsning, Convenor of Meghalaya Meghalaya has been appointed as the Secretary of the Mawlyngngad Sports Social and Cultural Club (AIEF). , India to work with this team in the search and development of players from an early age who are skilled and talented in the field of football.
The CM said that these students have not been able to complete the Rural Agriculture Work Experience (RAWE) Program in Manipur due to the ongoing conflict in the state.
Prestone replied that a leader who spends too much time accusing other political parties is a sign of his failure.
The UDP said that the Infiltration Check Gates are only shops selling tea because they do not arrest people who enter the state illegally.
He sent them to be tortured in many ways.
With the woman no longer working, Gratia got in there.
“We have registered more than 4,000 members in Shella, we have written to the party to allow us to proceed,” said Shibun. Nalin Kohli, BJP Meghalaya President and Ajay Jamwal, Organizing Secretary, North East.
We cannot escape temptations because every day the forces of Satan and sin fight to overthrow us and because we are in spiritual warfare.
It is what we read in the Word of God.
How do you expect them to succeed? It's just a ploy to fool the public.
Congress Mawsynram leaders admitted that there are 3875 Congress members alone excluding women and youth.
All this is because they do not have the opportunity to participate fully in society and their needs are addressed by others without involving them especially in making decisions in matters relating to them. it is for their own good.
Man does not have the power to cleanse the corruption in politics unless he enters politics to lead by Example what he learns from the Bible and to transform. ) from corruption to clean governance.
The fire started from a welding shop and the explosion from the welding shop spread to a warehouse, which has been storing ammunition for more than seven years. the coastal area of ​​the city of Beirut.
“He said that the plans and policies should be in line with the strengths of the state and should be based on these strengths or special characteristics of the state which can use.
Pa Dolloi of Jowai District, Waheh Puramon Kynjing, Waheh Myown Chyrmang, Kni of Jowai, Waheh Myown Chyrmang and Waheh Wasian of Seinraij Jowai were present on the occasion. Hercules Toi, President Seinraij Jowai and others.
The DGP said that although there was stone throwing and burning of vehicles, the police did not shoot anyone because they did not want to injure other youths who were present. in the area and participate in the protest.
Finally, the KSU urged the Para Ri to put the work and dignity of the Jaitbynriew first.
However, unity is not to protect, but to escape death, or we will fight among ourselves because of poverty or the rule of someone who will divide us.
“The aim is to promote the sports industry especially in enabling the youth to develop their talents with the expectation that the players will be able to play well at the National Level tournaments.
“In the last election he came second and I have no doubt that this time he will win,” said Bah Charles.
This is because the expenditure of the farmers on the purchase of eitmasi, fertilizers, payment of wages of workers and counting their own time and energy do not match when they sell them. of rep.
Now let’s talk a little bit about what those protections are that our nation needs.
Shillong: Up to 15 children have been raped by one man within a year in a village in West Khasi Hills District.
Mrinal Das, as he did in the first innings, scored a boundary in the first ball.
Out of these 1186 cases, 813 cases including 201 armed forces and 612 civilians were reported in East Khasi Hills, 45 cases in West Khasi Hills district and 71 cases in Ri Bhoi district. 8 cases from Armed Forces and 63 cases from civilians, 2 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 23 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 118 cases from West Garo Hills including 78 cases from Armed Forces and 40 cases from West Garo Hills. There are 3 cases in South West Garo Hills, 19 cases in South Garo Hills including 11 cases from Armed Forces and 8 cases from civilians, 83 cases in East Garo Hills and 83 cases in North Garo Hills. there are 9 of them.
Fareed Zakaria said, “? Treatment for eating disorders is expensive and takes months.
“About 17 people have been found to be high risk contacts of this doctor,” said Director of Health Services (MI) Dr Aman War. Isolation Ward of Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Speaking on the occasion, other HSPDP leaders said that this time, it is the turn of Singh from Umsning Constituency and that is because of the number of people who have joined the HSPDP. it was almost every day and which encouraged the workers within the Party.
The lack of government hostels is another problem for the students. These days we see that many hostels have emerged for students run by private individuals or groups. , I don't know how to find hostels owned by the government, but if the government can create more hostels in Shillong or put hostels in all government schools, how much more comfortable will it be for the students? and their parents to avoid the hassle of finding a place to live.
The jio network has been very slow these days, not like before.
For example, why does the price of Sying in the market often reach only 100 or 100 rupees per kilo when Sying is not as wild as Synsar? All this is just a scientific trick of the traders who have been urging some of our farmers to request the government to announce publicly that SYNSAR UN DEI NOH U MARREP!!! Once Synsar has been transformed, not only will food security or self sufficiency become farther and farther away but all the Synsar traders will be able to survive. ei from the U KYNJRI SIEW KHAJNA and the government's budget will become slightly or even more slow.
The Nongpoh MLA also sought assurance from the Symbud Myntri Rangbah on the need to expedite the investigation and chargesheet the people involved in the pending incidents or cases to expedite the trial. .
“We would like to ask the government whether it has issued a letter and ordered the police department to do this so that when it stops vehicles on the road, it should not stop lymmuh, because “They don't want to take the big and expensive vehicles,” said Bah Dkhar.
All shops, schools and banks will be closed during the curfew.
It is true that there is no North East Reorganization Act, 1971 which should not demarcate the boundaries of the newly created states from Assam.
Shillong, November 29: The Indian National Congress (INC) on Friday released the first list of 40 candidates for the MPCC. They have been sent to Delhi for approval to contest as Congress candidates in the 2023 MLA elections.
The former CEO of MKVIB has been charged under Sections 409 and 477A of the Indian Penal Code for allegedly misappropriating more than Rs 9 lakh. Swarojgar Credit Card (SCC) and also for his involvement in the misappropriation of funds amounting to T.9 lakh under the Rural Employment Generation. Schedule.
He criticized the opposition leader Mukul Sangma for saying that the government has done many good things but he has expressed his opposition and urged the people to judge the case. not on social media because on social media there are many things that are wrong.
The revised price will take effect immediately for the month of January.
The MDC also said that the Kuki and Meiti communities from Manipur have come to settle in the state and without proper information about them it will be a major problem for the state in the future.
He said that the traffic police collect T.100 tyngka in the morning and T.100 tyngka in the evening from one unit and in Khyndailad there are up to four units.
He will be buried at Khnap Thang Bru, Lum Thang Bru, Jaiaw, Shillong on 26th June 2018; Shillong: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KYWW) on Tuesday said that the body of the sub-divisional school education officer and the office of the director of school education have been closed. & Literacy, to release T.75,000/- for the construction of the school and to provide classrooms for the Madrassa Himayatul Islam UP School Shillong.
Two KHNAM MDCs have been agreed to contest in 2018 and they are Adelbert Nongrum from North Shillong and James Ban Basaiawmoit from Pynthor-Umkhrah constituency.
In fact, it takes only three days to pass a Bill in the Assembly.
It is here that the Dorbar Shnong and the youth will have to work hard to monitor the movement of our people and foreigners, and do what is necessary.
Although the number of malaria cases is still high, the West Khasi Hills Health Department has tried its best to work hard and provide adequate medicines such as injections and oral medicines to prevent malaria.
However, with the passage of time, the problem of this market has been seen and which has deteriorated its appearance by these market vendors who bring their goods to sit on the sidewalks and this has put it in the market. Many people have been informed about this situation of Ïawmusiang.
At the same time, he urged all, including the Wholesalers/FPS Dealers and the beneficiaries to follow the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. keep a distance of 2 meters from others, wear masks, do not spread in public places, use hand sanitizers and others.
Bah Hek visited the area with officials of the Fisheries Department on Tuesday.
The injured were identified as Bassang Dorji of Bhutan and Jeet Kami of India.
He said that it is indeed one of the surprises that the Government of India has not resolved the issue in the Constitution of India even after 64 years.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Meghalaya Civil Task Force Act has been in force since
She said that all the works through the Engineer Section, have to be inspected by the Engineers, but in these four works there is no Engineer who has knowledge, and it is because it is not the engineer. The BDO, which prepared the Bills, did not sign the file which the BDO had sent to sign.
She urged other farmers of the area to take up this task of farming Lakadong sying and as farmers they should face many challenges until they reach the goal.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is ready to be re-elected as the MLA of Mawkynrew in the 2023 MLA election to be held on the 27th of this month. The past five years have spoken louder than his words and he has no doubt that the people of the constituency will still trust him.
We see the strong spirit and unity among the people to stand against the power of the French Government by overcoming all ethnic or religious differences.
:The song “Phi wan paw” is a Khasi song from the recently released movie Romeo and Rossy.
Speaking at an election campaign rally for the party candidate at Lyngkhoi, Sohiong, the party leader said that on Saturday they will welcome two MLAs from one party (PDF) who will join the party. completely out of your party.
After returning to the I-League, Shillong Lajong FC are looking forward to winning the Meghalaya State League title this year.
Shillong, July 19: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to set up an Executive Committee in the Khasi District Council with Bah HS Shylla as its Chief. Bindo M Lanong, Senior Working President of the UDP, told Rupang, “If you get it, you can do it,” he said. further “If you are allowed to start, you must start”.
Shillong, Nailar 27: U Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in a letter to the Prime Minister, said that his government has been able to bring the ANVC to the peace talks table. Champion Sangma, the top leader of the GNLA, has been arrested and imprisoned by the government. Cherish Terfield Thangkhiew, on the occasion of the anniversary of the party, on 14th July 2013, has proposed to talk to the state government.
Youth from all over the Raij and Seinraij came to this conference to receive training from the longryngieng, to teach the youth to have a spirit of courage and unity among the youth who are the future of the country and the nation.
In the taekwando category, Honda O Hi Papang won three bronze medals in the 80kg category, while Asha Sunar won three bronze medals in the 80kg category. Evadahunshisha Kharmudai won the 40Kg category for women.
Thus, in these years, CIPS with the support of ASCI has been able to initiate many activities in the field of health, education and governance across the sectors. of India.
JOWAI: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has immediately denied the allegation of smuggling of coal in the state and said there is no truth in it.
The language is one of the fundamental snaps of the nation and in the Khasi thought it is based on three pillars of humanity – the Land, the Language and the Kur.
"The Chief Secretary of Manipur, Vineet Joshi, said that talks were held with the Assam Rifles on Tuesday night in this regard. The Assam Rifles, which was on duty in these areas, were supposed to prevent the entry of Myanmar citizens into Manipur in any part of the country without valid visas or proper documents. under the auspices of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India.
There are those who cannot stand because they are too busy with their fellow members of the community.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma will meet with Home Minister Amit Shah on the 27th of this month to sign the agreement. In July, the two Chief Ministers had already met with Shah and handed over the decisions they had taken to him and on his behalf after he had read and considered the MoU. The report wants to meet again with the two prime ministers.
The BJP, which did not contest MDC elections in the last elections, has now been able to baptize after the elections and this has happened as AL Hek had said before the elections.
Because from November to June, most of the residents in the rural areas are not in the village, but they are in the places where they go to work, farm and work and live. and small children.
prays for othersGod be with you and bless you Meban.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Ahead of the swearing-in ceremony of Ministers in the Government of India on 26th June, the leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) led by the PA Sangma said that their leader will become a minister in the new BJP government led by Narendra Modi.
The Minister said that the State Government has already signed a two-year agreement with Lulu Mall as part of the efforts to assist farmers to come and sell their products.
He said that the presence of such an Association in Ri-Lum Jaintia will help a lot if there are any festivals, fetes, khawai dawai and other programs in which the Association will be able to take part. as protectors and guards.
Chuinem Pohti, President of War West Unit, gave a speech on behalf of the people who gave their full support.
The war between the British Government and the Burmese Empire ended after a social agreement between the two sides in 1826 known as the Treaty of Yandaboo.
They were arrested from a hostel in Malki-Dhankheti.
Kharjahrin said this at the inauguration ceremony of the new office bearers of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Central Executive Council (CEC) for the year 2023-2 Invited MLAs, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and Ministers among others.
Sahsniang PHC was also awarded the Top Performing PHC Award for its success in implementing the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) and Ayushman Bharat Prime Minister Jan Arogya Yojana (AB PM-JAY).
He praised the Mihmyntdu Catholic Youth Association and the Ai Jingim Organization for working hard and quickly to encourage the people by conducting Blood Donation Camp programs during the crisis.
' In addition to the above few, across India, government leaders hold their own religious celebrations.
In Zone 2, Tura District CA will face East Garo Hills in a match to be played in Tura.
She also completed her Master's Degree in Mass Communication and Journalism.
“He has deceived the people on the issue of MUDA and he will win on this issue because the saying goes don't live by the sword because you will die by it and don't deceive the people. and the multitude shall deceive you.
“The assistance I am trying to do for the people will be sustainable and will last not only for a month or two but for decades and decades which will benefit not only the present but the future generations. your.
Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao has tested positive for Covid-1
Replying to a question by Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit in the House, the Chief Minister said that the government is ready to complete the land acquisition. to create an inlet and outlet.
All these Rangbah are already qualified to take over the responsibility of leading the Seng, but it is necessary to think carefully whom to elect.
Meanwhile, these two women have never had any criminal record with the police.
There are only 5 days left for that meeting.
Dr Aman War, President of the Meghalaya Medical Service Association, said that he would welcome any suggestions. for the benefit of patients.
Speaking to reporters, Donborson Warjri, President of YBTC, said that they have already requested a venue to hold the badminton tournament at NEHU and the date will be announced soon.
The shooting death of four indigenous people in Mukroh recently by the Assam police, the abduction of residents in Sabuda, Block I & II in the past years, the abduction of 575 indigenous people The residents of Huhapara on the night of 8th November 2018, the plan to build a dam on the Khri River below Kyrshai, which could displace the residents of 16 villages due to the flooding.
“Your prime minister and your government ministers have expensive houses, expensive cars, fly on expensive tickets, There are guest houses in Singapore and Hong Kong but you people don't even get food to eat”.
It is because of the consistency of the lyrics of the song with the party's character and principles that the song has made the people and the party leaders more interested in it.
JOWAI: The public meeting of the independent candidate for Ummulong Moodymmai, Ma Charles Muksor held at Ummulong village on Saturday was a successful one with many of his supporters coming from all over the villages in the area.
“The delimitation committee will not be able to do this so quickly and it needs to do it carefully in consultation with the people.
Mr. Riki Chief.
Jowai, March 22: Leaders of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Khliehriat Circle have met with the Minister of State for Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh in the presence of MLA Kyrmen Shylla. also the Minister of the State Government.
Nongpoh, November 08: In order to continue the service to the brothers and sisters and the society under the banner of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), the President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Bah Sadon Blah on 7th November 2022 came to take part in the confirmation of the new leaders of HNYF Nongpoh Circle as full members of the party according to the rules of procedure of the party.
Speaking on the occasion, the owner of Rupang newspaper, Bah RM Shabong, said that the donation of their shlem to other people who are suffering from the lack of income. The book is one of the largest contributions that any group or government has ever made in this regard. In November, they distribute items worth 6000 tyngka to those families whom the committee of the shlem has approved to receive assistance.
Coercion should be avoided.
He said that before the start of the peace talks between the HNLC and the State Government and the Government of India, the HNLC had made it clear that all the cases should be dropped to ensure that the leaders are at peace. when the table of peace was set.
The news comes after concerns from Western countries that China could send weapons to Russia.
There will also be prizes of T.1,500, T.1,000 and T.
Throughout Shillong, and especially in places like Nongthymmai, Garikhana and Demseiniong, where passengers face difficulties when walking on the road; The traffic policemen have to take responsibility for the maintenance of the roads.
Watch this videoI don't care about the race of the parents.You should also research before you publish.
“However, we have directed the Chief Secretary and the Deputy Commissioners to ensure that this day will not pose any threat to the people in the state, in terms of the spread of the disease in the state. "he added further.
The Federal Government’s action is unconstitutional.
H. Timmy Ryngkhlem and Peter Nongtdu took three wickets each.
In his speech, Bah Diverland Lyngdoh, son-in-law of (L) Rowell Lyngdoh, briefly explained the career of (L) Rowell Lyngdoh.
Reports said that the BJP has taken note of these remarks and has understood that if it continues to contest against Singh, it may not have any impact in Asansol.
His participation in the exhibition was a step to promote the synsar produced in Meghalaya for export to different parts of India and abroad.
He said that the previous government had not released the pension since 2017 but this government has cleared it.
“We should not think too much about what we get but what we can do and contribute to the society or the nation as a whole through the work we do,” said the CEM. He also promised the Urban Mission to cooperate for the safety of the centre.
Participants were from Madanrting, Rynjah, Mawlai, Malki, Nongpyngrope, Lama Villa and other places.
Iangrai was arrested by the SIT team of the CID on 2nd November and after being taken to hospital, doctors took him away as he was in critical condition.
On the other hand, u Kma announced that the strike will continue until a decision is taken.
Before proceeding, I would like to suggest that there are times when it is necessary to improve what is used by the public and there are times when it is necessary to change according to the meaning of the words. in a society that should be adapted to the times and should be preserved in its own indigenous languages ​​such as Deiriti, should not write culture because it is a common practice.
Shillong: U HM Shangpliang, MLA from Mawsynram Constituency, on Tuesday alleged that there was a foul play in the raid on the house of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew on 13th July
If only the relocation of this office of PWD North Division could have improved the city of Jowai since long ago the JSU has already demanded to demand the relocation of this office and also will not wait for you unions from the beginning to claim this? This demand of the Union is only a false claim to mislead the people of Jaintia Hills.
The Register case at Mawlai Police Station case number 148(12)2023u/s318ipc.
Haitian President Jovenel Moïse has been shot dead by a group of people who broke into his residence, reports said today.
The final match of the men's and women's category will be for the Under-19 category. Shillong College will face Loreto Convent at 3:15 pm. Shillong College will play against St. Edmund's Higher Secondary School at 4 pm.
Shillong, July 27: As an encouragement to the students, the Seng Samla Shnong Umpling on Thursday honored 13 youths of the village who have completed their studies in various fields.
This current situation is unacceptable.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: After nine years of severe spread of the Bible in Ri Khasi Jaintia, in the past few days, it was reported that the Bible has come back to the church in Badshahitila, Karimganj District. Assam and has about 500 church members.
Regarding the Supreme Court's suspension of the DCs from closing down the factories of Coke Factories, the Meghalaya High Court said that this does not mean that the DCs cannot close down the factories. they went out and worked illegally.
Recently, Sanbor Shullai said he would meet Defense Minister Amit Shah, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other BJP leaders to explain and support the decision. The Legislative Assembly to implement the ILP and to fully implement the CAA in Meghalaya.
Ed and all the teachers' rules of the government, but it was decided to remove us just because of the MTET which should be held every four or five years but the government takes decades,” said the statement. The teachers added that this is the reason why they have lost their lives.
We women must surprise people and take the rule of nature into our own hands.
In 1939 AD – 1945 AD, the Second World War broke out.
The program was conducted by Welbon Mynsong.
Lapse means there is no more time.
The Under-18 Inter School Cricket Tournament 2024 has come to an end with St Xavier's and BK Bajoria reaching the final after winning on Tuesday.
People who are involved in this job have spent their time, days, physical energy, money just to get this pleasure in their lives and this is the fact that this job it is also one of the types of jobs where people earn a living or we can say that it is their job that people support their families through this type of job.
So far, there are seven cases of Lambda in the country and these are from outside the country.
Tura: Police in East Garo Hills have recovered a large quantity of weapons from the killed leader of the GNLA, Sohan D Shira. One AK rifle, nine pistols and 2,000 rounds of ammunition and bombs were seized from the police.
Even if these things are estimated, there may be no evidence of truth if they do not happen as mentioned.
Results are available from other websites such as www.megaresults.
Santee, who works at Wahiajer Sub-Centre, is the only woman from the state to receive the award.
Friends, let us know that we are living in the end times and these things are happening and fulfilling the word spoken by God.
The CAB was passed in the Lok Sabha by the BJP-led NDA Government on February 8, 2019 but has not received the approval of the Rajya Sabha and thus the Bill has died ( lapsed).
Besides Teinwell, Latiplang Kharkongngor has also filed his nomination papers to be supported by members from the NPP, PDF and Congress.
All parts of the State have experienced heavy rainfall and thunderstorms in the past few days, which has relieved the environment from the heat and humidity in the past months.
Police have taken the necessary action and handed over the body to the family members for further investigation.
Ummulong Cricket Club beat Moodymmai Cricket Club by 44 runs in the District Cricket League 2024 organized by West Jaintia Hills Cricket Club on Friday at Khliehtyrshi Mini Stadium.
And God gave them a pillar of cloud by day, and a pillar of fire by night, to give them light.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “An MLA from outside the state to come and explain the work in Meghalaya is meaningless because we know better than him.
Citing the example of Pa Togan Nenminja Sangma who sacrificed his life for the welfare of his people and the country as a whole, the Governor urged the youth of Garo Hills to They will contribute to the development of the state to achieve the goal of the Prime Minister, the 'Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra'
“I and the Minister in charge of education will hold 12 Review Meetings in 12 Districts”.
However, the MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP has taken steps to resolve this issue of the people even in a short period of time.
On this occasion, the prizes were also awarded to the winners by the chief guest, Bah Païa B Synrem.
The Bible that the Samaritan woman received at that time was that she became a new creation and became the first woman to preach about Jesus.
He said the SNSBH strongly opposes the High Court's order to hold elections for the post of Rangbah Shnong as the post is not a salaried post but a service post.
Whether in books or on social media, try to use the Khasi alphabet properly so that it will be a teaching to others who do not understand it well.
It is truly painful to see such incidents because they should not happen.
However, the question is whether the UDP can capitalize on the strength of the national parties.
At the beginning of Human Rights and the Jews created by man and woman, they struggled to be united in harmony of mind, harmony of body, and harmony of spirit.
During the inspection, the union found that many of the rooms have been destroyed and the houses have been destroyed and they do not have the necessary equipment for daily use.
The Government of Meghalaya has always tried to refer to the maps issued in the past in the works we have done.
Perhaps those farmers who have progressed will be the first to receive such seeds.
Speech was also delivered by UDP Leader Allantry F Dkhar who expressed his support for a clean and transparent election.
Shillong, July 12: The Tyrsad Area Sports Association (TASA) will hold a trial for boys and girls football players aged 6 to 12 years.
The Jews did not believe that Jesus was the Messiah or the Christ or the Son of God.
?" Rida's mother replied, "Yes, Nia, because I love my father and you all...Rida is our firstborn child.
In the US, 57,683 new cases have been reported in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 2,793,022 and 728 deaths. It reached 129,4
“In this way, the minister has misled the people of the state,” said John.
In fact, the Dulir Iasoh is up to the Syiems or rulers to set the rules if they wish, and they shall remain free if they do not wish to join.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Shillong. Circle President of Eddy Kery Pohtam on 22nd June
Media reports said that the speech of the two KHNAM MDCs has made the CEM responsible for what he should do and what he should not do.
The Minister of State for Road Transport and Highways, Pon Radhakrishnan also visited Shillong to inspect the progress and implementation of central government schemes in the state.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong Junior FC beat Aizawl FC 2-0 in the U-13 Youth League Play-Offs at Howrah Stadium in Kolkata on Saturday.
He said the NPP will win 33-34 seats and will form and rule alone and does not need other political parties.
Regarding clean politics, he said that this victory in Nongstoin shows that the people support clean politics, which has been found in the struggle against the money and power. the other forces that they may have seen in this last election.
“This is not an MLA or MDC election, but this is an MP election in Delhi so the people should vote for the BJP because it will continue to come to power under the leadership of Narendra Modi,” he said.
Shillong: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Titos W Chyne, today said that the United Democratic Party (UDP) is preparing to contest its candidates from all three constituencies. The meeting was held today to take a decision on the election of candidates for the mid-term elections.
“Such shameful behavior should never be tolerated in an enlightened and law-abiding society.
Jowai: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today inaugurated the new hospital at Soo-mer, Sabahmuswang, West Jaintia Hills.
Speaking on the occasion of Dalmia Cement's 50th milestone in the North East, a spokesperson of the company said, “We are proud of the journey we have taken in the North East. Eastern Over the last 10 years, from the first factory we started in 2012, we have become the most marketed company in the region, we have gone further.
A few months ago, Ranbir Kapoor, Kartik Aaryan and director Sanjay Leela Bhansali tested positive for the virus.
The construction of this road includes the construction of the Intermediate lane and it will be cleaned properly. The budget for the construction of this road has reached Rs.98, 26, 14,300/- (Ninety-five crore twenty-seven lakh). fourteen thousand and three hundred tyngka) in which it will be completed in only 36 months.
Furthermore, no one was injured in the incident.
Guwahati: Fifteen students of Gauhati University have tested positive for covid-19 and the university has closed its classes and hostels for five days.
Speaking to media, the DGP said that the police department believes that the fight against drug trafficking is a priority.
He said that once he has entered the race to contest the election, the party is confident of winning.
All these refer to the second 3 and a half years which Daniel calls – “the Last Day”.
The death toll has risen to 150, but it has not been confirmed how many people have died from the virus.
Today, the name of Deepika Padukone has come out, alleging that she had a drug conversation with those who smuggled drugs to Sushant Singh Rajput.
Preeti is delighted to have defeated Unnati Sharma of Lovely Professional University in the 63kg category in the final of Judo on Thursday.
We hope that the Central Government will release it in the next few days”.
However, although she has said that she will no longer join the political parties, she will continue to fight for the implementation of the ILP. Agnes.
The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has passed a resolution to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state in November,
Speaking at an election campaign rally in Mawngap on Saturday, he said, “Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit said, I love the nation, accuse the village leaders, Sengbhalang of dividing the nation, who divides the nation, isn't it? Ardent Basaiawmoit, on both sides, has destroyed the nation by giving fathers and mothers, and for that reason, if they win, the nation will change and the time will come for peace.
Jowai, Lber 12 : The Dorbar Shnong Pdengshakap on Saturday held the semi-final of the 9th Secondary School Football Knock-Out Tournament 2022-2 In the middle of the first half, Lakashiang FC opened the scoring in the 21st minute through Shem K.Myndai and Living Nongrang scored the second goal in the 21st minute. Tariang FC managed to turn the tide through Shano Tariang who scored in the 40th and 73rd minutes.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The President of the Civil Society of Women's Organization (CSWO) Agnes Kharshiing has lodged a complaint against the Voluntary Health Association of Meghalaya (CSWO) for allegedly misusing T.39 lakh. VHAM) in connection with the implementation of the project for drug addicts in two places including Jowai and Lad Rymbai in Jaintia Hills.
The Central Executive Board of the AHAM has strongly condemned the attack on the YouTube channel #Thetalltrotter.
On the other hand, Dr. Anil Kumar Sharma, Principal, IAAMC, USTM said that all hospitals and colleges will implement modern technology to help for the sick as well as students who come to study at the College.
“I have already informed the AICC leadership about this.
“Now it is only to convey the proposal of the Government and we will wait for it to send us the blueprint first and we will take a decision after we have considered all these,” he added.
Shillong: U CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday criticized the state government for not pushing for the threat of those who come into politics only to get jobs and earn percentage. from a government scheme for your own benefit.
In a complaint sent to the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO), VPP Election Agent Danny Langstieh said, “I would like to inform you about the unfounded allegation made by the NPP leader. Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem that the VPP members have disrupted the situation during the NPP meeting.” “These allegations were made by the NPP leader on the 6th and 8th of this month. This month during the election campaign for his party in Rynjah, East Khasi Hills and Umsning, Ri Bhoi District.
He said the NPP stands firm that it cannot accept the CAB in its current form but it can think differently if its rules are changed, if the people of the North East accept it.
"It's your father, somehow they're fighting with Bah Let," said Hep. While Maheh and Men Kmie were sitting on the fire, they listened to her. listen to everyone.
He said the union found that there were 13 Punjabis inside the ambulance.
However, Mawlai, which is the strongest team, has proved its skills and the ability to win the title.
Most of the time we choose leaders by feeling, they can be in many ways – they may be good people or they may be of the same race, of the same faith or they may be of the same race. can contribute a lot and other feelings that make us choose them as such leaders.
Banteidor had been the President of the PDF before Gavin was appointed.
He said that the plaintiff had threatened that if he could not pay the money, he would blow up the dewbilat factory.
Meanwhile, the Minister of Water Resources and MLA of Mawthadraishan, Bah Brolding Nongsiej in his speech, said that the presence of the DTO office in Eastern West Khasi Hills District will bring convenience to the people. region in terms of automotive activities.
Besides the programs of protest , the group also urged the government not to investigate the Sengbhalang leaders as there has been an investigation to arrest the Sengbhalang leaders that in these days.
“I have never seen such a law.
The President said that the region has many strengths.
However, when we arrived at the bank, we took the form but they refused to open it on the grounds that there were too many and sent us to other banks,” said the father.
Riniki Chakravarty was born in Shillong and completed most of her education here.
“If the state as a whole has increased, why not Shella constituency,” he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr. DD Lapang, told a little about the life of Mother Teresa along with the examples of encouragement and teaching to others. under the umbrella of the Missionary of Charity and promised to cooperate with them and to look after their welfare.
Sambha Mallang (Wahlang) said that such a competition has been held many times in East Jaintia Hills but this is the first time in West Jaintia Hills.
Based on this tone, perhaps Lajong would have been more disappointed that they didn't manage to achieve this goal to victory, because this will be the third time in the tournament. I'm in the I.League.
The letter also said that about 500 youths have joined the GNLA and have now been sent to Myanmar (Burma) and Nagaland for training in shooting and martial arts.
God also made a law for people to love and respect one another.
This has happened since the State Government suspended the subsidy for fertilizers to farmers on July 12, 2014 on the grounds of reducing the impact of fertilizers such as Urea, DAP, MOP and SSP for the health of the residents.
At the same time, he urged the people to avoid greed, selfishness and not to expect or want to get anything and to point fingers at others but to work hard and use fertilizer. organic farming for planting and burial without the use of chemical fertilizers and expects that by avoiding the use of chemicals on plants they will be able to improve in agriculture.
Next to this road which has turned into a garbage dump there is a Post Office and a BSNL office and the fire has spread to the Post Office.
The central theme of the IDB 2024 celebration is “Be part of the Plan”, a call to all groups to cooperate for the conservation of the environment and biodiversity in accordance with the Biodiversity Plan.
Police recovered 13.54 grams of heroin, 153 bottles of heroin, three mobile phones and a Maruti taxi.
We have seen in the past that politicians cannot or do not see far to solve the problems,” said Bah Warjri.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on 4th November, met with the Union Minister of Education, Dharmendra Pradhan in Delhi to make a request to include the Commons. University Entrance Test (CUET) centers in all 12 districts of Meghalaya.
The seized items include 2.5 kilograms of Kynja, 620 grams of Yaba, 29 grams of Nitrazepam, 12 grams of tobacco, T.67,840, a TVS Apache. (ML-08-J-0156), 4.5 grams of heroin, 39 grams of Tramadol, 10 empty boxes of heroin, 450 empty pills, 9 mobile phones ' and 10 lighters.
Bah SB Kharbyngar said that all the residents of Jaiaw Laitdom have recovered from the disease but in these days there are 6 new cases.
He urged the Sengbhalang to stop the damage to government property such as the burning of government vehicles as it will only bring loss to the people as the vehicles were bought from the money of the people and those who benefit will be only the people. car manufacturing company.
This Central Law should not be implemented in our State.
He said that the people of Mawhati told him (Bah Bindo) that they had warned his father and it was the turn of the Nongkrem to warn his son.
Lastborn Tongper, President and Secretary of the Chekri Diam Tourist Association, said that they joined hands to oppose the CAB because the War area will be affected by the influx of foreigners if the Bill is passed.
How can the Church or believers meet, encounter, cope with and escape from this age? We cannot be mere spectators of what is happening in society and we cannot close our eyes, shut our ears and turn a blind eye to the cries of those who are being persecuted and see laughter.
Shillong: The Japanese government has decided to invest 205.784 billion yen, equivalent to T.13,000 crore, in several ongoing as well as new projects in various states of the North East. country.
You know, we may have a garbage dump “but not in the backyard” called “NIMBY” and we know that and we have to talk to them, we can go to a place where further away from the city that’s the more important thing but we’ll have to try and the work is going on.
The shopkeepers, who have been registered with MUDA, have now appealed to the Supreme Court to demand a suspension of the protest.
In a statement, the Seng also strongly criticized the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who said that Ri Bhoi District is an aspirational district. They have not been allowed to supply food from the district.
“When we have the opportunity, we will discuss this issue.
“Who will overthrow this government?
Meanwhile, Member of the Committee, Bah John F Kharshiing, said that the Committee had decided in 2000 not to introduce the Indian Forest Act because there was no Management and Control of Forest Act The decision of the government has not reached Delhi and the Committee will take action to revive this decision.
In Meghalaya, there are 14 lakh Khasi speakers and more than 9 lakh Garo speakers according to the 2011 Census.
According to the report of the East Jaintia Hills Health Department, 39 people have tested positive for COVID-19 at Star Cement. COVID-19 positive today.
God said to Moses, “I have seen the affliction of my people who are in Egypt, and I have heard their groaning.
India is renowned for its knowledge and understanding and India's G-20 presidency will help spread India's message to the world.
The state government has allocated land to the owner of the petrol pump at 7Mer on the land of the Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department, as it is preparing to improve and build a long road in the area.
Why, in October 2019, in his public speech, Trump accused former Vice President Joseph R. Biden of being only a spokesman for former President Biden. Barack Obama, because he knows how to hold his seat.
According to the rules laid down in these environmental protection laws, the plastic manufacturing plants, or any plastic imported from abroad, should be only 75 micron to 120 micron thick. prohibit the use of ear buds, balloon sticks, ice cream containers, plastic decorations.
Speech was also delivered by Streamly S Niangti, Executive Member of KSU CEC and handed over the Constitution of the KSU to the President of Mookjat Unit, Saiki Dkhar and Incharge of KSU Nartiang Circle. He said that now the youth have started to understand the problems of the jaitbynriew and have started to come forward, many youths have taken the responsibility to fight against the sinew of the society which has encouraged the KSU as a whole.
The Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) rice will be distributed in the amount of 35 kg per AAY FI Card free of charge in urban and rural areas.
Gavin said that it is necessary to think twice about spending up to Rs 188 crore on a plant which is not sure to stand on its own.
He said that on his part, he will fight without relying on money.
I have also spoken to them (HNLC) and said that you need to take action on this and do something because anyone can misuse your letter head without getting approval.
Ri-Bhoi girls managed to control the match from the first half, allowing only 26 extras.
The arrival of the British Government and its ability to challenge the Khadar rule within the Khasi Hima has destroyed something good that had been established by the ancestors.
That is, I planted 500 trees and 300 shrubs.
Listen to how Burom Warjri and Mawlynnai Kylla are on Pastor Bantei Mawpdah's Portnet TV.
However, it has been witnessed that for more than two years now, Ranveer's films have not been able to attract the audience and have suffered a huge loss at the box office.
Do you believe that only MLAs (the area) should build roads? It's like you're throwing a stick.
These new classrooms have been constructed with the assistance of the Special Assistance Scheme 2015/2016 of the KHADC, which has allocated up to T.10 lakh, for the construction of these classrooms. College.
The Indian leader said India does not accept the United Nations' definition of the term “Indigenous People” and therefore its decision at the 169th International Labor Organization (ILO) meeting of the UN in relation to the rights of Indigenous Peoples cannot apply in India.
On the 10th and 11th October 2020, 12 illegal coal trucks were seized at Kuliang, Lumshnong and Sonapur-Umkiang.
The shynrai produced here in Meghalaya (Jaintia Hills) is also the most famous in India.
Rangbah Shnong Bah J.Khongkiang, Village Authority, Teachers, School Children, Parents and all the residents of the village were present on the occasion.
Sometimes in the heat, they didn't know how to speak.
Furthermore, the MTOSA leader said that the government should take action on these issues so that it will not affect the transportation and income of the truck owners as well as so that the traffic will not be disrupted. the people stood up.
For the personal gain of someone, the money of the people has been wasted.
Hek admitted that he had had a drink with two TMC MLAs, Charles Pyngrope and Dr Mukul Sangma. Hek also admitted that these TMC MLAs have expressed that they don't mind joining the BJP, but they should first look into the situation. man.
Wealth destroys a person when it is too much.
Among many other questions, one of the questions asked by the students was 'how many hours a day do you have to prepare to pass the examination'?
The number of cases in Maharashtra has risen to 1,04,568 and the death toll to 3,8
They claimed that only the Congress can fight against the BJP, it is the only party that has abolished the CAB and it is the only party that has been a HERO in the issue against CAB recently.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 30, bringing the total to
“There is still a lot of work to be done to ensure that we strengthen all our activities and to make this university, our State University, one of the best and later, one of the best universities in the country. thaiñ" he added.
However, after talks, KHNAM did not respond to the request of the police and ADM, and they sent a bus to transport them.
This city of heaven is a building which no eye has seen, nor ear heard, nor has come into the heart of man, that they are those things which God has prepared beforehand. " Revelation 21; 22.1 Corinthians 2:9
Lakhon Surong scored from the penalty spot in the 56th minute, Kiming Dkhar in the 86th minute and Eriston Dkhar (90'+1).
Here in India, the tourism industry is growing rapidly because of our nature. The tourism industry is growing rapidly because of the diversity and diversity of the tourism industry. These are the hottest, coldest, rainiest and driest places in the Sub-Continent, the most fertile and the driest places, and others.
“Oh okay.
The meeting was attended by the Sordar of Mukertila, Bah Phrenly Kongwang, the Rangbah Shnong of Pyrdiwah, Gary Francis Lamin, and other elders from Pyrdiwah and King.
Shillong, Lber 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday met with the Union Minister of Power, RK Singh to request financial support for the strengthening of the electricity distribution department. Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL).
Speaking to media after the All-Party Meeting, the Chief Minister said, “Today we have shown the details of the Roster System to the leaders of the various political parties and appreciated this presentation.
The funeral of U Sawant was scheduled earlier at 11 pm, but was postponed to 1.50 pm.
Besides foreign exchange earnings, which is about Rs 500 crore, the tourism industry has also increased the country's GDP by 3.27 percent.
This means that, in order to achieve Equality, there must be a distinction between those who are already equal and those who are not equal.
Fenella's proposal to contest on the BJP ticket came after the ruling National People's Party (NPP) announced the name of Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh. from Shillong seat and the incumbent MP from Tura seat Agatha Sangma.
School children, men and women who are seriously ill.
Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma said that there are many laws of the central government which restrict the state laws related to coal.
In the first semi final, Dangpyrshang FC beat Nangkiew FC 3-2 in the second semi final on Saturday. The final match will be played on the 21st of this month at Photumtong Stadium, Nongjyllieh at 1 pm.
Shillong: The Round Bar of Mei-Sin and her children (Majaw, Kurbah including Rapsang, Basaiawmoit including Lyngwi, Syngkli including Muktieh & Be, Khongji including Khongwar, Lyngdoh Peinlang and Hynniewta including Langpen) will be held at St. John's Hall. Bosco Hall, Maraikaphon, Sohra on Saturday, March 27, 2018 from 11 am.
Sparkle Rynghang (K1 Senior Men -57 kg).
He said that the government has allocated schemes for the benefit of the people who really need assistance but due to lack of knowledge, many of the schemes and programs have not been implemented. return.
“The time calls us to change from the future of the nation to the future of the nation, but it seems that the future of the nation has been forgotten for the future of the nation,” he said.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident to determine the cause of the accident.
“The Congress stands on the ground that the police officers involved in this incident should be temporarily suspended and it is necessary for all the MLAs to take action. “When the people have elected their leaders, they want them to come forward to speak out on the issues of the people,” he said. and when we speak we will speak only for the good of the residents of our constituency,” he added.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The United Democratic Party (UDP) MLA Jemino Mawthoh on Tuesday said that the ethnic parties are fully paid to demand the resignation of the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma.
“They came, they came.
“These are the children who are addicted to drugs, who have dropped out of school part-time, who come from poor families between 17-25 years old and families between 16-20 years old,” said the leaders. organization.
“We hope that the Government of India will implement our small request through the initiative of Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister, Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education. to help others especially the day labourers, the low income, the poor, especially at this time of pandemic which has affected the whole world,” said the statement.
The Khasi Lineage Bill is expected by the KHADC to introduce laws to protect the identity, customs and traditions of the Khasi Lineage Bill. and other laws.
He said the government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma does not need the ILP, but the MDA government has decided even in the Legislative Assembly.
If the water is plentiful, it is better to plant them in a pot and not in a well.
An allocation of up to T.1500 crore is in the PM-DevINE for 2022-23 and T.6600 crore for 2025-2
ML 10A 3658, carrying the drugs of Bah Donbok Jyrwa and Pankaj Dey while they were transporting the drugs from Byrnihat to Nongpoh.
Mawkynrew MDC Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, while speaking on the occasion, admitted that 12 MDCs will join the PDF on Tuesday. The parties have been destroyed without any need.
Regarding the incident, Bah Iaonnis Narleng, has lodged an Ejahar at Khanapara Police Station and urged the police to take immediate action to arrest the suspects. him.
During the inspection, Bah HM Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram said that the water treatment plant should be replaced by modern methods of water treatment.
Meanwhile, the newspaper reported that Mooshahary will remain in office until another one is appointed.
It is true that a religion without customs and traditions is a false religion.
Therefore, many of the Khasi people who have seen and met have begun to accept one idea and that is that the plan has been known only as a legend that the Khasi people, whose language is their own. you have lost your race.
“The appointment of Matilda Kharbuki and others is on this basis, and there is no discrimination just because they are relatives,” Justice said.
According to sources, the fight between the two mothers and sons happened in the morning but the neighboring villagers did not go to the court because it was not a fight. get heard for the first time.
While 59 constituencies will go to the polls on 27th June, the polling date for Sohiong constituency will be announced later.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri. The 21st International Trade Fair will be held in Shillong at Madan Iewrynghep.
The company has set itself the goal of facing the challenges ahead in order to provide services to the people of Meghalaya as a whole.
Which is not until the end.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued an evacuation order for two days of heavy rainfall in Himachal Pradesh. sun.
All home matches of Mumbai City FC will be played at the Shree Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex in Balewadi, Pune.
The inauguration ceremony was held at the Women's Hostel Hall, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
Arpita Mukherjee told the ED that the money in her house belonged to Partha Chatterjee.
On the other hand, the Committee of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly, today expressed its anger after the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, suddenly suspended the meeting with the leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly. Churches that came from Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
All those who attended the wedding ceremony are requested to stay at home and call the Control Room No.9485153533 for assistance.
After two legs in which the teams have played 14 times and 56 times in all the matches, the team with the most points will win the title.
“We will give ourselves about 24 to 36 months and review the processes," she said.
Therefore, if the Government of India really wants to develop and strengthen us the indigenous people, it should accept and approve the report of the National Commission to Review the Working of the Constitution.
Nongpoh, July 13: The Ri-Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA) today congratulated the young athletes of Ri-Bhoi District, both men and women, before they leave the district to participate in Meghalaya. Games 2024 to be held in Tura at a short meeting held at the DTO office in Nongpoh.
Twinkle Khanna, who is married to Akshay Kumar, is the luckiest woman in her life to live happily ever after. in Bollywood.
On the same day, Bhagat also visited the Don Bosco Museum in Mawlai, who praised the existence of this museum which is a great treasure of the East.
When asked about the Piggery Mission, Bah Moodi said that it has not yet reached this village, but it has been seen that other villages have benefited from this scheme.
“We suspect that the man was murdered, but more details will come out after the investigation,” said SP East Garo Hills Siddharth Ambedkar.
Ri-Bhoi also beat South West Garo Hills 8-1
“The government should take the trust of the villages together with the MLA to reduce the spread of the disease,” he said.
“I will continue to fight and continue to fight while I am still alive,” said Bah Nongrum while speaking at a public meeting convened by the HSPDP at Madan Student today.
The HYC leader said that the HYC has received many complaints from the pig farmers, who have expressed their concern over the smuggling of pigs from outside the state, which have entered the state without by having any veterinary examination.
During the programme, the Minister also handed over the keys to the Dairy Co-operative Societies and hoisted the flag as a sign of their release.
The bill also aims to ensure that private high schools should have adequate teaching facilities according to the needs of the students as well as their tuition fees and for the benefit of the state. and to protect the students studying in these Private high schools.
The Sengbah's religious building was burnt down by robbers on Tuesday evening which turned into a fire as it was built only of wood and siej.
Nangkiew Moore top scored with 43 runs in 35 balls while Rahul Prem Rai took three wickets for 25 runs in 4 overs. He took 3 wickets for 24 runs in 3 overs.
The strike by the ASHA workers has also prompted the Health Department of the State Government to request the Village Health Councils (VHCs) to search for those who can become volunteers. members of the VHC) to carry out their work while ASHAs across the state are on indefinite strike.
If this office is closed, it will also affect schools, colleges, hospitals and offices, which are usually needed in this sub office.
Phewse, that didn't happen! This made the teachers very sad and angry, because this was the second time he had betrayed them.
The inspection was attended by the District authorities led by the EAC of Pynursla Civil Sub Division, Bah Gautam Warjri, CCIB leaders, Bah Kmen Myrchiang and others. Sordar of the villages in the border area.
On the border issue, Sangma said that in six months, the government has taken measures to resolve the border issue and has visited 36 villages in districts and after a thorough review, a report was prepared, which was submitted to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India.
Even if you inject the owner of the cow, the cow is no longer allowed.
He said the EC will follow up on this whether through the State Government and also with the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) as well as the issue of recognition of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
In Tripura, 23 new cases have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases to
You can find a tent to stay overnight in Moolamylliang, and hotels in Khliehriat.
Without the rule of law, we would be destroyed.
The support of the people for him in this election has increased compared to previous years and this year.
On the other hand, HSPDP President Ardent Basaiawmoit, who spoke to reporters today, said the party will strongly support the decision to remove the Lamphang and also the no confidence motion against the state government. .
Dr Don said that he does not want to retire from the post of leader, although some have said that he will retire to hand over to others to lead the party.
No incident can be praised, and all incidents should be condemned and dealt with according to the law because before the law, there is no greater or greater or poorer or richer but it should be the same human status India does not have any discrimination against any religion or group but all shall be free as provided for in the Constitution of the country.
There was a government minister when he stayed at a hotel in New Delhi when he got up early, he rang the bell to call the waiter and after the hotel employee came, he spoke English to the employee. hotel, 'please give me a tea bed (step sha)' instead of saying 'bed tea (step)', said Bah Paul. the state and the people.
CHAPTER – 21 SOHNIAMTRA, SOHMYNDONG AND OTHER SOHJEW SOHTHIANG In this chapter I will write about sohniamtra, sohmyndong and other related sohs, which are called 'citru' fruits' (say citrus fruit).
The Seng also requests those students to submit their Admit Cards, Marksheets and Epics for the screening on or before 20th November 2020, said a statement from Bah HS Sarubai, Education Secretary, Young Shella.
Looking at the remarks made by Rahul Gandhi, the state BJP has criticized the Congress leader for his remarks if he bases even half of his sermons at a public meeting. in Nongpoh.
The protest started at 10 pm and ended at 4 pm.
Of these nine goals, Da-u-ruhi Pale alone scored six goals and two hat-tricks in the same match.
This is not only to explain to the voters, but also to involve the leaders to participate in the villages as leaders that the voting should be clean and caring. to nature.
And I too wake up from my sleep.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 25: “After I left the HSPDP, what led me to vote for the BJP was after I had done a thorough research on the interests of the people. “It's very difficult for me to stay in the riew hill parties because the government that used to rule in Delhi is the National Party, so it has forced me to turn to the BJP,” said Counselor Wahlang Kyrtong. The BJP candidate from Nongkhlaw-Mairang Constituency has filed his nomination papers in the presence of FL Lakiang.
Only Tynring, the owner of the Wahswad-Umsohlang Forest, knows and recognizes the allegation that the Wahswad-Umsohlang Forest is being sold by the Dorbar Shnat Raid. Compassion.
In this regard, South Korea and the United States have warned that North Korea could eventually get a nuclear war if North Korea does not heed the warnings and continues to violate the rules set by the United Nations. you por- sha you por.
“This will also be one of the opportunities for the youth to get jobs in the army and not only that it is also a pride not only for themselves but for the community, the region, the country and the nation,” said Bah Pilestar.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Don said that the farming industry is easy at first glance, but when it is done, it is difficult. boy worked as a rancher to help his father.
We understand that the government will show many reasons why it cannot change the Reservation Policy.
He said that the farmers are already involved in agriculture but only a few need support such as storage, transportation, funding and policies to implement the agriculture will be sufficient and income generation.
Out of the four constituencies, only the son of HDR Lyngdoh has applied for Sohiong Constituency, Kimfa Marbaniang has applied for ticket from Rambrai Constituency and only Kimfa Marbaniang has applied for ticket from Mairang Constituency. Lam, who is also the President of the Congress Block in Mairang, was also asked.
The director, who has received three Academy Awards for his films, said in a press conference after the Oscars that Hollywood will grow in the coming years. to come if it can revamp the way films are made and produced in this storytelling industry.
Assistant general secretary Heipormi Sayoo, organizing secretary H Symblai, publicity secretary Dawni Chullet, environment secretary Barful Sayoo, education secretary Samjur Suiam, finance secretary Simon Sutnga, sport secretary Steningbon Suchiang, among others.
However, it is necessary to strengthen the process to make the state one of the top 10 states,” he said.
The report said that the hospital is one of the leading treatment centers for children suffering from this disease in the country.
The incident took place between 7th November 2016 and 9th July,
The Association also expressed its regret over the working methods of the education department in the state. The State has once again accepted for the second time to recognize college teachers or lecturers as Assistant Professors and Associate Professors according to the rules of the UGC. The recognition of the teachers of the college in 2010 in which it has informed according to the letter vide No.EDN.34/2009/91 dated 22.03.2010 which also contains the letter No.EDN.34/2009/9 dated 14.05.2010.
He also paid tribute to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Electricity Department as a whole for taking the initiative to achieve this long standing project.
It was for this reason that Robert Raikes opened a Sunday School on Sunday to gather and teach the children.
He said that STEDS expresses its deep sorrow over the sky blue turning of the Lukha River from one year to another since 2007 which was the first time that fish died during the river. wow Luke.
He said that three CRPF battalions will arrive in Garo Hills on Monday.
He said that according to the information received by the union, the coal depot has been opened since 1999 and is well suited for the purpose of turning it into a Dipu or a place to store coal. coal, before exporting to Assam.
The union said that it has responded by saying that there are many skilled and intelligent youth in Bri u Hynniewtrep why the District Council has not appointed them, but the CEM has replied. The AO of the District Council, Bah Fermon Laloo, has resigned from his post on the grounds that he cannot continue.
The meeting will be held tomorrow at 11 pm at the Secretariat and from what the HNYF leader said, it is understood that the leaders of the 13 Sengbhalang will attend the meeting. tomorrow is Sunday.
These village leaders of Mowkaiaw, Mowtyrshiah and MDCs held a meeting after many school children from Mukhap and Mowtyrshiah dropped out of school.
Three persons were killed and another seriously injured in a fire that broke out at a parking lot yesterday.
Therefore, the Seng Samla and Sport would like to extend their special congratulations to the three organizations, for their presence to share the concerns of the people, has been a blessing and hope that the leaders of the three organizations will continue to take action. The toll plaza includes the footpath, bridge and employment opportunities in the village. The Project Director of NHAI and the DC have promised to implement all the demands of the people and land owners.
“He said that he has received information that even those who do not have milk are suffering, they cannot supply milk, but they have to feed them every day, so they too need milk. government assistance.
This was also stated by the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma.
He said that there are many factories in the state such as dewbilat factories, sain nar rod factories and others which use coal and when you look at Ribhoi District there are many factories especially in Byrnihat, then Khlieh Shnong Jaintia Hills and Mendipathar Garo Hills, but no reports of deaths have been reported in these areas.
I walked faster and ran faster and when I reached the first bridge, my friends asked where Bah Jim was, because I came alone.
In the other quarter finals, Assam beat Chandigarh 9-0, CISCE beat Kerala 1-0 and Sikkim beat West Bengal 2-0 -0 col.
If the 36 leaders of Khasi and Jaintia Hills do not surprise the people, it will be time for the people to warn them when the time comes to elect a chief and it is enough for them to turn around and get the people. He will warn in 2028 and even the national parties and the parties in government if they don't understand this support of the VPP and they act against the feelings of the people he will express his anger and a in the MDC and MP elections to be held next year.
(2 Kings 4:38-41) The second account is about the valley of dead bones, which we can read at Ezekiel 37:3-1
“I urge all the cattle farmers in the state to inform their district veterinarians, so that the government can collect the figures to provide assistance to them.
John 4:23.
The Reserve Bank of India, Shillong on the 26th of this month conducted a training program on knowledge and decision making on the implementation of currency or 'Financial Literacy Event' The Dorbar Hall of Mawkawah Village, Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District.
DSO Ma Daniel Dan, speaking as the chief guest, urged the youth to follow the example of the heroes of the country to develop the District, State and the country as a whole and to live in jobs that can build themselves. and also society.
This was announced by the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, who said that the government is deeply concerned about the lack of enrollment of students in Lower Primary Schools and Upper Primary Schools in the state.
“The members of the Executive Committee don't tell what they do, they don't tell, they don't inform,” said Minister Wartynghah.
Shillong: The H.Elias Higher Secondary School football team has left home for Delhi to represent the state in the U-17 Subroto Cup Football Tournament for boys.
Speaking at the meeting, MLA and Minister Banteidor said, “I have given you this ambulance so that you can use it to transport patients to health centres.
As witnessed by this reporter today, it was seen that the water that the children have to drink is unpleasant to look at and not only to drink because of the hands and sticks, and besides the wastewater that the children have to drink. They have to drink in the school, they have to breathe in the toilet air which the authorities do not look after even after many complaints by the students and the answer that the students receive from the Principal and the authorities. They should not look at the problems but should focus on their studies where the children have answered how they can focus on their studies with the problems and difficulties they face.
The authorities should change their minds, renew and have a heart of compassion and compassion, to look first of all at the people at the bottom of the society, at the poor who do not There is nothing with them to die first if the disease and the lockdown continue.
“We don't want our players to suffer during these hot months,” said another AIFF member, adding that most of the dates for the tournament are until The month of January came after the outbreak of Covid-1
In Jowai, the DSO office, West Jaintia Hill District has conducted a training on how to protect yourself from drug abuse, eat healthy foods and on how to think to achieve a healthy mind and to help and listen to the needs of friends to get help.
The price of food items has gone up and this has put pressure on the poor, Gupta said.
The introduction of facilities such as stadiums is one of the reasons why the state and the youth of the region have developed in sports.
The houses damaged are 4385, 265 partially damaged, 3870 partially damaged and 98 severely damaged.
Shillong: Assam and Meghalaya have agreed to turn the Umiam Lake into one of the sports venues, whether it is for swimming, boating or other activities.
He that regardeth the time shall be destroyed: but he that despiseth it shall be destroyed.
“We are also trying to bring traditional houses to the festival,” said Bah Titos.
They don't care if the road they are building will collapse soon because the engineers don't want to oppose the minister.
On this occasion, Bah Samnbor also opened the Christmas shyngoid and khilon.
Many residents don't understand the even and odd numbers.
years ago in 1987, during the height of the Anti-Foreigners Movement in the state, the CRPF opened fire on youths. In July 1987, especially in the areas of Motphran, Mission Compound, Mawkhar, Jaiaw, Umsohsun, Wahingdoh and Riatsamthiah.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat North East United 2-0 in the U-18 Youth League Zonal Round in Guwahati today.
No one wants to be left behind.
MDA Government, it is better that you should repair and smoothen this road to foreign Dkhar companies, so that it will not be used by modern vehicles, not like the Kali kulai or Jeep road. la-and 4 x 4 hybrid trucks.
So where is their future in the midst of this era of unemployment.
The Seinraij Mukhla, as usual every year, this time too will hold the Shad Sukra, a festival before the harvest.
Teachers teach as recorded at Titus 2:3-1
After winning the toss, Meghalaya captain Avinash Rai chose the team to bat first.
The Minister said that they discussed at this meeting the part of the Bill introduced by the Central Government to appoint MDCs to the ethnic groups who do not have foreign language leaders. “Unrepresented Tribes” will continue to discuss this issue at the meeting next month.
We have seen the skills of Phermeki in her sport and so we wanted to help her to fight until she reaches her goal.
Nongpoh: U Bah Patrick Syiemiong, Syiem of Nongspung Hima, together with Hima officials and Village Leaders of Bakhlapara, today visited a road illegally constructed by the Assam government inside the village. Bakhlapara, a village in the Nongspung Hima of Meghalaya.
In Ri Bhoi, according to the listener, he said that the influx of people from Shillong to buy land has led to problems because they have filled it with land to build petrol pumps.
The training was inaugurated on 15th November 2023 by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh (MLA & Chairman State Planning Board, Govt.
In the command level, APS Shillong led Eastern Command in the final.
Shillong, June 11 : The North East Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) has once again received the Doctors Award.
Before entering the MBA program at the University, Dorothy completed her graduation in English Literature from Amity University.
The match between Shymplong and Iapmala Wahshnong ended 1-1
Para Khasi don't misunderstand and don't be misled! whether to the government or to some people who mislead me and you.
The Rangbah Shnongs have given the government until the 5th of next month to withdraw the announcement otherwise they have vowed to take tough action.
The protest by the cow slaughterers in these days has prompted the police to take action to stop the smugglers of cows and even the ministers of the Hima Mylliem have visited the cows. The market is located in Khanapara, Bhoi.
PC), to inform that only commercial buses and small vehicles are allowed to pass through the Damsite Bridge.
The HYC demands that the Directorate of Research and Training Technology should immediately delete the names of the two students who have been nominated according to the notification issued by the department.
The bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W. Diengdoh said that the roster system needs to be introduced in the new session.
In the innings between Moodymmai and Hills United Cricket Club, Moodymmai won by 31 runs.
The school was opened on 2nd March 2009. There are 41 children living and studying in different classes from Class A to Class V. Class VI, which has three teachers.
Besides the march by the students of various schools in the Bhoirymbong area, a drawing and painting competition was also held at the temporary office of the Bhoirymbong. Earthquake C&RD Block.
They alleged that the Sordar and other village officials have committed many acts against the poor and rich people by banning the sale of synsar, sla tyrpad inside the village and besides that he has taken taxes from the sellers. I don't know what happened in the village.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Pynshai said that he took the decision to contest again after a thorough discussion with the elders especially those who have been with him. from previous years.
The Symbud Myntri and Nartiang Legislator said that 1870 players from 70 teams in his constituency have participated in the tournament.
She said that every day, about 15-20 people come to test.
The Meghalaya captain had to change his style of play after Ram's fall.
The driver was reportedly not wearing a helmet.
Police have conducted a search operation in the Dibru Hills Forest Reserve near Bamandanga in Gaptuli on Tuesday.
Shillong: U MDC of Mawhati constituency, Bah Charles Marngar together with the residents of Umsiang area of ​​Ri Bhoi District, today blocked the roads in the area. Jagiroad in Assam.
The committee sees that this is a matter where the Ministry of Agriculture has not taken responsibility to protect the welfare of the people,” said the Secretary of the Assembly.
“We the truck owners have been sweating because we haven't had a meeting for five years now,” said some of the truck owners.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma today inaugurated one of the long-awaited power plants with a capacity of 22.5 Mega watts. The Ganol Hydro Power Project near Tura, West Garo Hills District, in the presence of the Minister in charge of Electricity, Prestone Tynsong and the Minister in charge of Electricity, Prestone Tynsong. James K Sangma, Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare.
However, there are 61 Coke Factories there and if they were operational, all the people who lived there for only two years would have died from the smoke.
She was wearing a dress, a black sweater and black shoes, when she disappeared from the house.
In view of this information, the Court has decided to hear the case again on the 1st of November.
Another candidate is Alban K. Gashnga who has filed his nomination papers from the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC).
Prestone said he himself is not a person who can predict the victory or defeat of the incumbent MLAs or other names. “It is up to the people to vote.
The states have been directed to return the equipment to the ICMR for return to the manufacturers.
On the other hand, Bah Purningstar Shabong, Chairman of the JAC, said that the Lyngdoh has handed over one of the Hima branches called Nongwah-Mawtamur which falls under the jurisdiction of the Hima Sohiong to the Hima. Jirang, without the knowledge of the Dorbar Hima and it was found through RTI that Bashemphang Thabah has been ruling the Hima without the Constitution for about 30 years. The Hima from time to time and he has spent tens of thousands of rupees and has made it a source of income and a source of income for the Hima.
Junior 14-16 years (born between 01-01-2007 to 31-12-2009)3
However, what was unexpected was that while Mahanandia was thinking about improving the appearance of Charlotte, they began to fall in love with each other.
After the bill lights have increased since the introduction of new bill counting equipment, he said that the people are suffering now since the lockdown in the state and this new equipment is like steal the money of the people.
On the same day, the transformer to distribute electricity in Mukhla Nongrim village was also inspected which has been left for many years without a fence which poses a threat to the pedestrians especially children and wildlife.
“Bah Metbah said that as an MLA who won with Bah Reming in 2008, he sees that he is one of the MLAs who has the closest relationship with the people of the constituency and this makes the people Please feel free to call me at any time.
The players, although still mentally ill, but under the leadership of Bah Bobby together with the assistant coaches like Bah Lekini Suting and Bah Milan Nongkhlaw, Bah Seibor Sana Youth Head Coach and other assistants of the club who have work hard for this victory.
As mentioned above, the Khasi society was founded on the existence of kur and as exemplified by the geographical name, the attempt (with the intention to or by ignorance) to distinguish between the Khasi and the Jaintia will also lead to the destruction of the unity of the kurs who come from the same ancestor.
