“The Congress has failed to overthrow the MDA government until today and will not be able to do so in the future.
Environmental hygiene is important in terms of fighting the spread of disease.
They also know how to protect and maintain catchment areas and how to harvest rainwater during the rainy months. technology) to be used in agriculture or in the fields of rice before it flows to tropical areas (such as Assam or Bangladesh).
SLEEP ON TIME:— According to studies, sleeping 8 hours a night increases the ability to live longer and reduces the risk of premature death.
Even after the district administration has enacted Section 144 CrPC to ban public gatherings and carrying weapons, the residents of Nartiang area under the banner of Nartiang Elaka Coordinate Committee have come out to block the road. The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has banned the dumping of garbage near Sohphoh village on Sunday.
?" asked Rida again. Panah listened for a while and laughed.
The search was also attended by Japanese police and residents from these coastal areas.
Earlier, HS Prannoy ended his career in the second round after losing to Frenchman Christo Popov 8-21 8-2
The Netherlands will start their opening match against Zimbabwe on the 20th at the Harare Sports Club while Scotland will face Ireland on the 21st at the Queens Sports Club in Bulawayo.
The HYC has shocked the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is the Chairman of the High Level Committee. iatai, to evacuate the people who live in that area.
A total of 44 teams took part in the tournament which was organized by the KSU Umjaiur unit and the tournament started on the 18th of November, which was opened by Bah Teiborlang. Read, MDC Representative.
He said that the people don't look at the cow that lur the lyngkha all day, but the people look at the cow that lur in the public place to sleep only for one day.
Three other houses were destroyed, two in Lumkyndong and one in Sieñraij.
In the end, the court informed that it will hear the case again in 10 days and the state government will have to send back new guidelines.
“Of course we have received the complaint on the 17th and we are investigating to find out these people involved in the extortion.
What kind of government do you want? Let us decide quickly and pray that we will not be misled and destroyed by this state and its people.
The 36-year-old has won the Serie A title five times and made his 500th appearance last month. against Sevilla.
Lawei Ka Ri Sports Social & Cultural Club was founded on 2nd March 2002 and will celebrate its 20th anniversary on 2nd March its journey in the promotion of sports and other social activities.
Joseph, the father of Jesus, was also a migrant laborer who moved from one town to another and Jesus was born when Joseph and Mary went to Bethlehem to look for Him. bill.
Jowai, Lber 10: U Thomas Jones Ryngkhlem of Wapungskur village has been arrested by the Jowai Police on suspicion of being one of the robbers. He was arrested in connection with the murder of a tourist taxi driver in November last year.
What is clear is that the Government does not have the will to protect the indigenous people of our state although there is a way to ensure the peace and stability of the people.
Jowai, Naiwieng 23 : The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) today carried the flag during the visit of the Chief Minister, Symbud Chief Minister and other Ministers at Mukroh West Jaintia Hills. The union has called for the state government to deploy a police regiment in Mukroh village to protect the people living on the border.
How can they work or produce goods if there is not enough electricity? If we think of those who have taken money to start a business, compassion follows.
The Vice Chairman of the NITI Aayog also expressed his desire to know about the role and powers of the Autonomous District Council (ADC) and said, “I have not prepared myself on the issue of financial support. but this is the responsibility of the State Government and not of the Central Government”.
In the second match of the tournament in Zone 2, All Jaintia DCC won the toss and elected to bat first and in 40 overs the team scored 289 runs. Mewada Shylla scored 94 runs from 81 balls and Ebormi Sutnga scored 50 runs from 73 balls while East Khasi Hill scored the most wickets. Ram Diengdoh took two wickets and Ribok Ita took two wickets.
That is why Jesus said, “Let him that is unrighteous become unrighteous, and let him that is unrighteous become unrighteous;
“The Government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has taken an important decision to open up the space sector for private investment in India through the 2020 Space Sector Reforms. increase the participation of the private sector in jobs that cannot be done from home.
How can I blame this Government of Conrad?
The past nine years have been the years of decision-making and the next 25 years will show the sky on the earth that we know as the North East.
Speaking to media, after the meeting, Dr Jemino said that the residents of the village have complained about the shortage of water in the village and they have spoken. and the Minister in charge of Water Supply on the water shortage in Nongrah.
They also explained that the allegation that the NPP leaders from above have exercised power within the party is unacceptable and regarding the ticketing of Kong Macdalyne S.Mawlong, MDC Umsning to contest from Nongpoh, is a matter that has been agreed upon by all the workers within the Party.
The March Past of the school children, patriotic songs, skits, action songs and the most popular match was the football match between Rangdajied FC and Langsning FC. , without scoring a goal.
Except for 2 households who earn in trade and government jobs, the other 68 households are BPL or very poor.
The BJP Government has turned and encouraged communalism in which the followers of religious minorities have suffered humiliation, discrimination and torture in order to They will abandon the faith of God that they have now and turn to the old religion called ghar wapasi karya kram.
I am not saying that we should stop thinking about the change we want to see, but we should think and think more deeply about the efforts to bring about social and political change.
On Tuesday, there will be three Graduation Ceremonies or awards ceremonies for those who have passed from the school.
Our state is a small state and is also at great risk of being overwhelmed by the authorities.
Other speakers on the occasion were Kmen Lapasam, Waheh Chnong, P. Suiam, Mayalang Suchiang, Merciful Lyngdoh and Rikhienlang Sumar, all teachers of the school. They expressed the need to do many things to restore the environment.
“Diseases such as depression, anxiety, somatoform disorder and dementia and the symptoms of such diseases,” she added.
Shillong: Plenty Pyngrope, wife of Bah Synjoy Kongwang, has distributed rice and vegetables to the two villages of Bakur and Dawki on 11th June 2020 at her house in Bakur in collaboration with the and these two village authorities.
First of all, do you need to understand why you have a reservation? In India, employment and education quotas have been set for the OBC, Schedule Caste/Schedule Tribe groups because these groups are not yet empowered in education and income. book to compare with other citizens of the country.
They were rushed to Shillong Civil Hospital and doctors pronounced him dead. Dinesh Nonglang, 37, resident of Mawlai Umjaiur, Shillong died.
“Two days ago, one of the Congress leaders criticized my mother, who never knew the meaning of politics, but instead, he said at a public meeting in Madhya Pradesh today. They don't understand, now they're talking about my father, who died 30 years ago.
“We have not yet handed over the land at Mawbah where RPCH is located to KPC Medical College and Hospital, Jadavpur. will start the process.
“Until now, the government is still listening to my demand, but I have decided not to leave this place until I get my demand,” he said.
R. Natep, Jessica Malngiang, Sherya Basaiawmoit, Deimaphishisha Shangpliang, Banylla Rynjah, After Khongngai, Erisha Thabah, Witney Marbaniang, Sara Malngiang, Lovelin Syiemlieh, Liza Mary Kharkongorsaiaw Sut, Larijana Shreya, , Daiarisa Wahlang, Daphisa Wahlang, Iaridashisha Sutnga, Wanpynshai Nongroom, Adele Zachary Nongrum, Damian Shyrngap, Hedi Drew Myrthong, Dadaaihun, Rinesca, Gloryza.
And Rev G.Angel Jones composed the song “Kynmaw Trai ia ka Ri Khasi”. There is no doubt that both of them meant the Ri Khasi itself in its broad responsibilities and meanings.
Aiban Swer, Divisional Soil and Warer Conservation Officer, Survey Division, Shillong was present on the occasion and handed over the scientifically designed fish to 30 farmers of the area. In the presence of the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong, Bah Wanlambok Kharsati.
However, the residents who witnessed the incident, expressed their surprise how the robbers managed to steal from this shop which is located in front of the road and Motphran is a place where there used to be robbers. Police and CRP even in the evening.
Amanda Rynjah (38) of Mawlai Mawdatbaki was admitted to Nazareth Hospital, Shillong on 6th June 2021 and died on 8th June
He said that East Jaintia Hills District is very poor and if the government opens the door to set up this school in Jaintia Hills it will be a great help to those who come from low income families to study. study at such universities.
Anyone who has seen Sati Dkhar is requested to inform him on
Shillong: Ka Sohra, today received heavy rainfall of 138.4mm from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm.
Besides these funds, Mukul Sangma has requested T.510 crore for the state, T.350 crore for the construction of the State Medical College, and T.350 crore for the construction of the State Medical College. T.160 crore to dam the Ganol River for water supply in Garo.
When asked whether KHNAM will take part in the proposal by a group of ethnic parties in the 2018 elections which will include the HSPDP and UDP, Adelbert said, “If we propose, we will “KHNAM, they will say what KHNAM is, there is not a single MLA, we will wait for a sign from them, but if it doesn't reach anywhere, we will have to do what is necessary,” he said.
They were arrested from Khlieh-Um-Syngki in Bataw at 7:30pm and handed over to Ladrymbai Police at 11:00 pm yesterday.
Lyngdoh said the group has also decided to work together as one group in the region and will also support the NDA to lead the BJP. talk to the NDA for our group,” said Bah Paul.
“We have proposed to both (Union Ministers) that the students studying at RIIMS and CAU.Imphal, if they can be given a place here in Shillong for one year either at RIIMS Medical or anywhere else. anywhere near the North East and at the Barapani Campus of CAU, where Agriculture students can attend one-year training,” he said.
After the incident, those who wanted to leave Assam lodged a complaint at Boko Police Station and were arrested.
In Sonitpur, Ranjit Dutta was elected as the candidate to replace incumbent MP Pallab Lochan Das.
The state has about 500,000 people who have 100 days bill cards. If all of them take part in this activity, it will help to improve their income.
“I have directed the officers in charge of this task to complete the report immediately,” he said.
Recently, the Deputy Chief Minister has made it clear that the politics of the village headmen has affected the villagers.
All 30 MDCs have unanimously accepted the proposal put forward by me on 27.6.23, to stand firmly against the Government of India's intention to establish this UCC throughout India.
We must understand that the people are suffering because of these protests,” said Bah Rowel.
The match between Sabahmuswang and 7 Wasa was played in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the WJDSA at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
The Seng strongly warns against all those Khasi who are accused of bringing Dkhar workers into the Riwar Mihngi area without providing the necessary documents and the Seng will take strong action against those who pass by. KSU Pynursla General Secretary Samla Ksanborlang Thabah said in a statement.
Ma Sing Mulieh, a few years ago, while talking about the coalition government, said, “Sleep and sleep together but you have to hold one dagger inside.
She said that there are five stages of kidney disease, 1 to 4 stages can be treated by medication but the fifth stage is severe and requires dialysis and transfusion. to the child.
We don't discuss this at length, but the main issue here is whether the cooperation of these half dozen parties is clean or double and this is a very important question. In these days, this cooperation should not be limited to Madan Polo, but the field of work is far away and it is necessary to gather the people in There are 36 constituencies in Khasi Hills.
Meanwhile, BSF personnel in Pyrdwah area of ​​East Khasi Hills seized 340 saris worth T.4 lakh.
If the rainfall continues, the authorities will announce the release of water from the pond.
He said that in Mawkynrew Constituency, the people did not elect the party but the person and the victory of the candidate does not depend on the party but on his ability as a person.
Jowai, November 18: A truck No.AS01-6230 (AS01-6230) has collided with a well and a tin house while the building has collapsed at 2:30 pm this evening. just because of the presence of the wall.
In Ladumroi, Hakhmat was employed by Malik to report High Level.
“To allege that the kilo cut started when I became CEM is probably an angry speech by the speaker and I would like to say that to do anything for political gain is very wrong,” he said. added.
To talk about this and other related issues will be a long time and perhaps the time will come when the Jaitbynriew will know the whole truth.
The word "panopticon" comes from the ancient Greek word "Panoptes"
The Deputy CEM, Bah Pyniaid, is in charge of the finance department and the Elaka.
There was a fight with the employee of the shop, who is a Dkhar foreigner, in which he dragged the driver of the Alto outside and in the fight, he tied him with a silver antenna. , in which he cut off the parts of the shyllangmat.
In fact, the deposit works are those that have already been paid by other departments and agencies for their utility lines and have already paid to the PWD for the cost of repairs. ne narud street.
“Please don’t create drama, he should just ask questions.
The presence of faecal coliform and E Coli in water can lead to diarrhea, respiratory problems, respiratory problems, meningitis, etc. young children and the elderly.
“Some villages are not allowed to throw stones or shyiap in the evening so we have to stay in that place and throw again until morning,” he said.
The company has already launched these Dhups in Assam, Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh, but in Meghalaya this is the first time that they have launched these Dhups. The Dhup, which was built by the Siej, was built in the factory in Nongbah Myrdon.
Replying to this, Revenue Minister Kyrmen Shylla said the government will examine the suggestions of the Members of Parliament.
“The peace talks are a decision taken by the government and this has shown clearly that the government is ready for peace talks.
Meanwhile, OC Women PS, Kong Ibashisha Kharpran invites and invites the residents of Jowai to take part in the video competition on the theme “Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking.
Conrad and Bah Pius were elected MLAs in the 15th Legislative Assembly.
When the Supreme Court sought a reply from the State, the Government of Meghalaya gave the reasons for the 85% allocation on 27th October,
The opening match of the tournament was between Saiden Secondary School and Borkhatsari Presbyterian Secondary School in the U-17 Women's category. 0 goals to win the first leg of the tournament.
“That's why I blame the leaders, why should I blame the candidates for the election – it's the leaders who give tickets,” said Khan.
When contacted by the Mawkyrwat MDC, he said he does not want to say anything yet and will speak again in the coming days.
Speaking on tourism, Paul said that in Sikkim there are strict laws, but there are many tourists where in 2010 there were about 20,000 foreigners and about 20,000 Indians. 70,000 and said that the implementation of the ILP in the state will not affect the tourism industry, he said.
“We urge them to introduce a Bill to include the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution,” said KAS President Dr.DRL Nonglait. .
He also held the post of Chairman and Deputy CEM of KHADC. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pynïaid said that he is very pleased. to take over the post of CEM, as he has had the opportunity to work with seven CEMs before him.
Shillong: Riatsamthiah and Sohiong drew 1-1 in the 2nd Division Football Championship at Polo Ground, Shillong today.
It is reported that there has been a heavy thunderstorm and lightning in Lum Garo in these days.
The President of JSU War Jaintia Circle, Eddy Kery Pohtam, said that the relevant departments should ensure that these Bangladeshis are well protected to prevent the influx of Bangladeshis. hands to smuggle cattle.
On July 17, 1987, Samla Paul Biswal Makri, a KSU volunteer, was shot in the head in Motphran area and died on the spot.
Shillong: Heavy and heavier rainfall is expected in parts of Shillong and surrounding areas in the next 24 hours.
Referring to the cultivation of rice, Bah Lumlang said that the rice cultivators in West Khasi Hills, this year due to the floods, have been affected by the floods. From May to July, the rice is watered, then in August and September, the rice is flooded again during the flowering season.
He said that the forced labor of the government employees has shocked the people because they do not want to have the Aadhar number, especially in areas where most of the residents are Christians. There are also many people who have refused to register to vote because they don't want to do this number.
“There should be a sense of security that if we are injured or in the workplace, we will get that assistance where we can treat and as women, we can get “It's a maternity leave like other employees and when we leave, we won't lose that job,” said Kong Nongkhlaw.
Rawat said in recent days that those who invaded and ruled India for 200 years were not the British, but the Americans.
The source said that in connection with this incident, they did not inform the law enforcement authorities, but they just made peace with the arrangement and explanation, but the man did The same robbery occurred on the 12th of this month in a forest while the woman was cutting wood.
We are still waiting, but we don't know whether the NPP has moved backwards or how it thinks through this appointment of new ministers.
Nongpoh, July 19: The absence of an Accountant in Umling C&RD Block has led to the suspension of development works at the Umling C&RD Block in the past months and years, said Bah G. Tangsang, President of FKJGP Umling Circle today.
Shillong: The CoHSO will hold a meeting at Shillong Club today to take decisions to intensify the protests against the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
Shylla also said that the Marriage Act 2015, which has been preached and called for by Ardent, will ban marriages.
The Dorbar strongly condemned the action of the police who bombed the vehicles parked at Smit Market.
The incident happened at around 8 pm at Iawmusiang market when a truck coming from Amlarem area with registration AS 01 EC 1079 collided with the man and he died on the spot. give birth.
Congress MLA and MDC from Nongstoiñ, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, while expressing his concern, said that the Reservation Policy needs to be looked into to see how to lead for the people of the country. state.
During the entry, they said that they had entered the khohruh khoh ram about 2.5km away and returned to the winding road they had walked ahead.
“Regarding the KHADC, the arrangement with the party has been in place since the formation of the EC with the understanding of the MDCs and the parties since 2019, but on the issue of raising the issue, there is no more. you don't have any information about this".
If the sangah and small vehicles are destroyed.
We strongly demand that the Government of India should immediately revoke this decision of the Government of Gujarat.
These border policemen, who have about 10-15 personnel, have to run away from the checkpoints to protect their lives because they are too afraid of being stoned and shot with jri in those Karbi,” he said. The General Secretary of the HYC has sent a statement to the media on Tuesday.
Age limit:- 18- 32 years as on 01-01-2018.
The email, which was sent to Rupang, reads, “I'm in Limassol Cyprus for a week and I just misplaced my personal belongings. my immediate family but have been unsuccessful so far.
On the other hand, the journalist said that he did not go to Russia to smuggle but he went voluntarily for his own personal needs.
Antonio said the reason for the sudden reduction in the budget is because the District Councils have not been able to submit their expenditure reports or Utilization Certificates.
My goal is to bring prosperity to you and to serve you to the best of my ability.
At the same time, the Seng said that this is only the beginning and it is hoped that they will continue to work hard so that they can achieve the objectives of the Seng in the future.
The HSPDP supports the PDF in KHADC led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. He said that the PDF is now a strong party with up to 8 independent MDCs. The UDP has 6 MDCs, BJP, KHNAM 2 MDCs and has received support from the NCP which has only one MDC. He said that it has two groups, one of the HSPDP's Clean Political Campaign and the other of the KHADC's Campaign for Change (CFC).
Shillong, Nailar 12: With the aim of promoting the Khasi language, and to assist non-Khasi villagers to learn the Khasi language, including non-Khasi government employees and officers, in order to for the benefit of all, in society; you buy the inheritance; you tree you; and to promote a spirit of brotherhood among the different ethnic groups.
The woman, who lives on the outskirts of Zafarabad police station, said that her husband had stabbed her in the back.
There are many lyrical poems which stimulate the emotions of the poet, as well as sonnets in Italian and English.
The State Level Student's Science Seminar-2023 was held at Pine Mount Ridge, Laban, Shillong.
After more than a year, signs of orphanhood began to appear in the family.
The Shad Sukra was organized by the Seng Kyntu Sein Raij Umladkhur (SKSRU) in which the youth, elders and women of the village took part.
A team of three Jharkhand police personnel arrived in Kozhikode and Kerala police handed over the arrested.
Another option is for the government to improve the roads as it used to do because it is not difficult if it wants and does it in consultation with the land owners whether they are private or private land. soldier.
“Initially, there was a promise that there would be no damage to the area, but now after seeing the damage, the Rangbah Shnongs have taken over the area. “I have decided to cancel the NOCs that have already been issued to these factories,” he said.
Shillong: The HITO today wrote to the Minister in charge of Home Affairs and District Councils, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui. It is surprising that the state government, still does not have the proper documents, on the border, even though the state, should have celebrated its 50th anniversary.
Earlier, Bah Mansturdy Nongrem expressed his opposition to the introduction of the budget, as it does not comply with the rules and regulations of the KHADC. The KHADC Act, when introducing the budget, should produce the budget for the departments, but in this budget, everything has been introduced without any indication of the allocation of the departments of the Council.
“As it is clear, the BJP wants to destroy and eliminate the small parties.
Abhilash said that since he assumed office as Deputy Commissioner, he has taken the initiative to follow up on the work of Sub Centres, Public Health Centers and CHCs to improve health. He said that there are many schemes from the central government as well as from the state government to help the women with pregnancy. The ANMs have been able to monitor the activities of the ANMs and found that there are ANMs who have been able to do the work of childbirth. Inside their Sub Centres, he encouraged and encouraged them to continue their good work despite many difficulties they face.
“There are some children who come to this trail who don't have any special talent even at an early age and we need to train them in the skills to shine in football, as the goal of the JFA is committed to developing the hidden talents of this District and Jaintia Hills as a whole.
“The Dalmia Bharat Foundation has continued to work for the improvement of income generation among the residents of the rural areas of the North East.
Out of these 1400 street vendors, 432 are from Khyndailad, 142 from Jail Road, 37 from Polo, 66 from Civil Hospital and Barik area. 135 cases in Laitumkhrah and 25 cases in Laban.
Prestone also declined to comment on the Congress' proposal to support the NPP-led MDA Government without the BJP and said, “Look at the current arrangement, this arrangement in MDA-2 will continue. until the end of time".
All seven Tura bowlers took wickets in the match, with Mikchikime (2/8) and Terisha S Marak (2/15) taking two wickets.
The appointment will be for one year on a contract basis.
He said that the Principal and teacher did not give the child (to the robbers), and it was the power of God that explained to the Principal and class teacher who rescued the child.
After the ceremony, a meeting was held to hand over the Soskular on the border by the office of the Syiem of Hima Khyrim. They should live in peace and harmony without any more trouble.
Reviewing the schemes led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the initiatives of the State Government, he said that he has been pleased with the implementation of various schemes in the district and stressed on the cooperation. to bring about development in the North East.
The snow doesn't fall off.
In Mynso, more than 200 houses have been damaged while in Pammanik, more than 50 houses have been damaged.
On the 6th of March, at 5 pm, the Ganesh Das Hospital, which was built in 1935 in Lawmali, suddenly caught fire after the transformer of MeCEL near the hospital, collapsed.
Shillong, July 2: The Deputy Labor Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday said that those who employ children under the age of 14 years, will be punished. imprisonment for three months to ten years.
To monitor the supply of rice and fuel in the village, there is a Village Vigilant Committee to oversee the distribution of ration items (PDS items).
The risk of ringing and breathing is reduced due to the antioxidants contained in the leaves.
At this meeting, the union understood clearly that all the villages within the District Council, as it is land and forest, are under Article 6 of the Constitution of India since the establishment of the District Council. blood on the Sixth Schedule.
As part of this, the DRBSRBD has conducted public meetings across the district to invite the public to attend the dorbar bah which was held in the past few months in which lakhs of people attended. The crowd came to take part at the Polo Ground.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pamshong said that World Environment Day was first celebrated on July 5, 1972, in Stockholm, organized by the United Nations Organization (UNO).
On 6th March, 2016 it was announced that 13 candidates have been selected for the Personal Interview, out of the 13 candidates only 11 candidates attended the Personal Interview.
In the match in Germany, Holger Rune made his return to the game by scoring a victory in sets to defeat Dutch opponent Botic van de. Zandschulp from 6-4 1-6 7-6 (7-3).
She said that the state government should ensure that the FSL should have modern equipment to be able to conduct any test to verify illegal activities and to complete it in the right time.
He also threatened that those who violate this law will be punished without any forgiveness.
The coaching also aims to benefit the state which is currently preparing to host the National Games.
The purpose of this meeting is to bring together the Pnar residents who have been living in these border areas since ancient times until today, with the aim of ensuring that They are not within the border of Meghalaya.
Reginald was born in Williannagar, East Garo Hills.
KASURI METHI :– These sweet tyrkhong leaves of the fenugreek tree are wonderful musla which helps in the fight against high blood pressure and reduces the risk of high blood pressure.
The first semi final between Khliehmawlieh and Mawlai will be played at Tura at 3:30 pm.
I don't know why, but you will get the answer from them,” he said when asked whether there is a cooperation between the UDP and NPP in Mairang.
This happens within 7 days.
Shillong, March 20: The Meghalaya Forum of Former MLAs (MLAs) will meet to discuss the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
I'm going to sleep.
Defender Dhar took four wickets and Saunihi Patweth took two wickets.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare congratulated the Rejuve Aesthetics team for bringing this service to the people of Shillong, who now don't have to go outside just to get take care of yourself for your skin and hair.
Police, who rushed to the scene, found that it was no longer possible to take the body to the hospital for post mortem.
“Therefore, the recruitment should be conducted immediately so that it does not affect the age of employment of the youth who are eligible for employment,” said the Association.
The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, said that the investigation into the incident is ongoing and the police have registered a case against the suspects. Khanapara Police Station to act in accordance with the rules of law.
In the semi final of the 7 Years Category, PFR Soccer Camp beat PFR Team B 2-0
He said the government has sent a directive to the banks to conduct public awareness campaigns once every three months on the banks so that the people can know and understand about the banks.
“They don't have the money to pay for school fees, they don't have the money to pay for smart mobile phones, so that their children can study online, because they have many children and they can buy only one smart mobile and you have to answer everything.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Alos Nongpoh, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Tyrso Area, said that the Police Out Post has been forcibly built by Assam. The construction of the police station has started on Saturday morning and since the construction of the police station, Assam has provided battalions to patrol during the construction of the police station. ktem police.
In fact, the meeting was scheduled to be held at the football ground in Laitryngew, but due to the heavy rainfall in the morning, it was postponed to the main road.
“I have told the Chief Minister that you don't need to go to Delhi to oppose the Bill, just implement the ILP. The KHAD Regulation Bill, 2018 has been passed to check and curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the Khasi Hills.
Shillong: The BJP has received 40 candidates for the 2023 elections, said Alexander L Hek, MLA of the BJP.
These are files related to renewal and new license files that are missing.
He encouraged the youth to come forward for good deeds and especially to take part in sports not only to entertain them but also to provide them with a healthy body and income opportunities.
In my understanding, if our government does not agree or refuses to implement as suggested here, all the border villages of Meghalaya will be burnt down by the fire of Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The KHNAM Youth Wing has urged the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) to send appointment letters within 13 days to all 772 Jugali employees. who passed the examination.
Finally, I would like to express my special thanks and appreciation to the Government for its efforts to curb this disease, to the Police, Doctors, Nurses, Volunteers of various Villages, Sengbhalang, to the District Administrators, Rangbah Shnongs and all those involved, whom I cannot name each and every one of them who are the shield to free us from this COVID-19 pandemic.
At present, the KHUDA leaders have admitted that they have a majority of about 15 MDCs which is enough to overthrow the CEM seat. All the 17 MDCs are still in the party.
If you are experiencing problems with the appearance of germs due to the disease, use shynrai on your face mixed with rose water.
A total of 461 were females and 996 were males.
There were various rituals and sacrifices including the cutting down of three Blai (Khnong) trees. These Blai trees were brought to Tih Khyndaw Square.
Antonio is like Ampareen's brother because in the last elections they worked together but suddenly Antonio left the Congress, after the Congress suspended him. Peace N King.
Meanwhile, the report said that the revenue has increased from T 5.33 crore in 2018 to T 14.06 crore in 2023, an increase of 164 percent.
“Why doesn't the BJP rule from Guwahati and Delhi? Why doesn't it allow the indigenous people to rule themselves? from Meghalaya,” she added.
“It is, of course, a matter of concern for us,” said Conrad, adding. “The question of weather has affected places like Mawsynram, which knows everything about the rainfall”.
He said the government has a goal to restore the Wah Umkhrah but it needs money.
Therefore, he urged and requested the leaders of the Association to think together for the safety of the area to avoid this disease.
Such events cause mankind to seek thought, search, and begin a new way of thinking and way of life.
I remember when I was in junior school the teachers of the revelation class taught us about Good Friday which is the greatest day for Christians all over the world.
In addition, the Kurs said in the ejahar that the remains of the girl were taken from the grill without the presence of the relatives to witness and this is against the law.
The incident comes at a time when the situation in Canada is still tense due to the fighting between Israel and Hamas in Gaza, Palestine.
Seven of them were seized with Indian currency.
SHILLONG: The KSU Nongthymmai Circle under the leadership of General Secretary Richard Mawkhiew has immediately suspended the Vodafone Company's plan to appoint a foreigner to look after Shillong and surrounding areas.
“We will not fully implement the NCERT books as they are but we will also add articles related to our own State,” he added.
Bah Tongper joined the HNLC in 2010 and after training he has worked as a full member of the HNLC.
The tournament is known as the Tirot Sing Syiem, Mawlai Inter School Football (Knock Out) Tournament
Therefore, the celebration of World Water Day last month, needs to immediately send a message to start awakening the people, that the time has really come to start. to improve all the water wells in the state, in which every village, township, communities are urged to take action for the improvement of the water wells that flow from them.
After the incident, he was taken to the hospital, but the doctors of the hospital pronounced him dead. but at the time of writing of this news they have not arrived.
I am sorry for that, because we, when we stayed in the land of someone else, we called and greeted the owners of the land because they had mercy on us; These Khar Poei Khar Pohjait, who have been working for more than 1000 years to earn money for their children, have become the owners and have turned to overthrow the Hima and the Government.
Before the meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday, ACHIK on Tuesday said that the meeting should be held at the Mini Secretariat and not at Tura Circuit House. it is a conducive environment for discussions, cleanliness and citizen involvement when it comes to decision-making.
“However, the linkage of Aadhar with banks is still taking time because according to information, the reason for the delay is due to lack of staff, electricity and internet facilities, which I believe can be resolved. you have received an order from your office.
The BJP has launched the Jan Ashirwad Yatra from Neemuch on Tuesday.
The scheme will continue to provide tablets to students and teachers as well as in Higher Secondary Schools.
Shillong is not only the capital of the three governments but has also earned the title of the Queen of Hill Station of the North East.
It may be recalled that the AIFF has rejected the request against the fine.
They were arrested after police received a tip about the presence of a group of robbers near Rongchegre and Chambugong villages. only 4 while the rest fled into the forest.
Based on the unique talent of Waheh Kambell Chullai to produce an eco-friendly crematorium, it cannot be said that it is a great blessing to the children of niamtre or to the people who use it around the world. villages and townships and it has made it very easy for every family who accepts to perform the ritual according to the traditional belief.
The owner of the vehicle expressed his gratitude to the Assam police.
“If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; Then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.
The Word of God says, “There shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places.
Meanwhile, Sohra MDC Bah Donevan Wanlang urged the EC to take measures to ensure that no taxes are escaped from schools, government employees and other sectors.
The house is made of wood and there are also houses built of stone and shiteng of clean wood.
Because it is as tall as a horse's hoof, you can see many parts of Ri Lyngngam, the mountain ranges of South West Khasi Hills such as Kohtyllaw, Kubuit, Kubah, Niangram, Wahkaji Mountains. -Umjarain, Kyllailyngngun and Ngundilang Mountain.
However, in the second half, Langsning were able to score more goals in the 55th minute and later in the 90+1 minutes.
A drawing competition was also held for the Secondary and Upper Primary grades, where the winners received cash prizes and certificates.
Thus, from time to time, our Khasi villages have been taken over by others.
At the same time, he urged the state government to support the central government in passing the GST Bill.
The union has been waiting for these illegal houses to be demolished due to the silence of the government authorities to demolish these houses. Although the union has been waiting for two months but nothing has been done.
On my part, I have received information through West Jaintia and East Jaintia Hills Districts.
Such rulers do not try at all to step down even if the people do not want or trust and do not like them anymore because they are afraid of losing the golden opportunity to benefit from the rights of the people. public.
Neha, who has two children from Nongkhrah, Ri Bhoi District, defeated Neha from Haryana 5-0 in the final of 75-81kg. on Sunday.
It was 11:30, almost midnight.
However, as the days and years go by, this HOLY SUR OF THE KHASI COUNTRY has disappeared and perhaps the time will come when we will no longer hear it.
And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire" Revelation 20:11-1
Mukul Sangma was responding to a question on the IBDLP scheme in the Legislative Assembly by Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit.
The NPP candidate from Songsak Nihim D Shira has sought the support of the voters on the grounds that he is the owner of the village.
The ACC's response to Sethi's request is one of the most important steps in the Pakistan team's journey to India. any rules.
Shillong: The FKJGP Mawshynrut Circle has demanded that the state government should reopen the State Bank of India Riangdo Branch.
Not only that, the number of AASU advisor Samujjal Bhattacharjee was stolen by the Pegasus software.
Nepal's Foreign Minister NP Saud on Tuesday rejected the Chinese Ambassador to Nepal's report that the airport has been built under the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI). ) in Nepal.
The meeting should not exceed 10 people and the names, phone numbers and addresses of those who came to the place of death must be registered.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Lapang said, “My visit here is because I said to express my full support to the NPP candidate”.
In everyday life, it is only love that can improve everyday life and make life happy, pleasant and pleasant.
“Where did the vaccination of the fish happen and you have to know as the fish sellers.
Of the jobs themselves, the Network job is the most innovative.
The Movement has received complaints from the public and even from the candidates that the Rangbah Shnongs are violating their rights.
It was also suggested to conduct awareness programs for the residents of many villages and branches who are also the villagers living on the banks of the Myntdu River to take responsibility for this river which is the source of water for the river. in Jowai.
Discussions were also held on Computerization of PACS, Information Sharing, Marketing and others.
Wanmenaki Jeremiah Nongrum, a 5-year-old boy and the youngest child in the marathon, was also present.
Because God has placed a uniqueness in each race.
“We demand our rights.
After that, the village started the “Tiger 7” tournament, but this time the village has been able to hold the 7-Aside Knock Out Football Tournament which has been going on for 3 years. now.
“If there was no such rule, we wouldn't have held a dorbar to take a decision on the MDC, it's because there is a rule,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
With the availability of roads, it has been a help and also with the vision of the Prime Minister when he spoke at the NEC Plenary in Shillong in 2016 and mentioned the need to transform the and thou shalt have a book in the north from time to time.
The blast was suspected to have been caused by an IED bomb near the Delhi Mistan Bhandar shop at 6.30 pm.
He said that the word 'Mining Lease' should not be within the borders of Meghalaya, especially within the Federation of Khasi States which is a violation of the social agreement under the Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement. signed on 17th July 1948 in which the Government of India agreed not to enact any laws relating to the ownership of land.
Khliehriat, Nailur 22: Leaders and members of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) Ladrymbai Circle, today visited the students of Mookhep LP School and at the same time donated to the students. books, copies, pencils and other items for the use of children at school.
The NPP won only two seats in East Khasi Hills, two in Ri-Bhoi and four in Jaintia Hills, while it did not win in West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills.
The seed should not be too small or too large.
Their various talents such as bisli, beat box, drumming, ksing, sla dancing and others were seen in these four venues where the participants ranged from young to old. little hep.
According to the EM Finance , T.38.44 crore was requested for the year 2013-2014 but the HLMC has approved only T.31.48 crore. Any information whether the KHADC will receive the funds for the year 2013-2
The camp will run from 24th June to 18th June.
The death toll in Syria has risen to 384,000, including 116,000 civilians since the beginning of the war in Syria. October 2011, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said today.
So far, 11,855 people have recovered from COVID-19 in the state and 122 people have died.
Turning to other parties like the Trinamool Congress, which Dr. Mukul Sangma and some of his disciples have left, it is still very new and it is like planting a soh tree. Even if the tree is alive, it has only leaves.
The reason is because I am not the destroyer of the party but the builder of the party.
Melody Chaksuak (43) (5) Manguri Fanai (34) and Nutei Tochhoang (37).
The Meghalaya Lawn Bowling Association (MSOA) would like to thank the General Secretary and President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) for his encouragement and assistance in negotiations to send a young man from the state as a Technical Officer.
JNC Central Body President Sambormi Lyngdoh said that the JNC has received complaints from the residents of Sutnga Elaka where some people have registered a piece of land up to 21 lakh square meters covering an area of ​​215 hectares.
Shillong: U Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs, on Twitter, said that the state government has lodged a complaint against the names of those who went to Bethany Hospital. investigation, has already proceeded.
He said that the cause of the fire is not known as it was Sunday when many shops were closed except for one shop which was open. When they closed their shops, they didn't light a fire or leave a fire.
Arshalson Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Urksew Wahpathaw, said that the dorbar was held without the approval of the Executive Committee. The Sordar accused the Chairman, General Secretary and Assistant Secretary of not working with him and said that the dorbar was held on his own.
Hamletson Dohling in his speech said that this is the first time in the history of Meghalaya that Rs 120 crore has been received for the reconstruction of 46 block offices across the state.
Pynursla Constituency had the lowest turnout, out of 29,096 voters, 15,319 voters turned out, with a percentage of 52.65%; Besides Pynursla, Mawlai with 36,020 voters turned out 19,010 votes, followed by Shella constituency with 52.78%. Only 21,846 votes were cast while 11,625 votes were cast, the percentage being 53.21%.
Compared to last year, this time this race will be very exciting for all the participants, as the length of the road to run from the beginning of the 21K village Laitsohpliah road. it was perfect because it had been freshly painted.
This allocation of T.3,505 crore is the highest so far in the last 51 years.
On Tuesday morning at 9:45 pm, the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) together with the Sadar Police Station arrested two drug traffickers including a drug dealer. woman from GS Road.
The Khliehriat Assembly Youth Congress on Thursday demanded the immediate closure of all Coke Factories in East Jaintia Hills.
The second match will start on the 5th of next month and the following is the match programme:.
“I welcome Sapna to the Congress House,” said Raj Babbar in a tweet on Saturday and on Sunday, Sapna made it clear that she will not invite anyone to the Congress. election Lok Sabha.
This was announced by the Minister of Border Area, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in reply to the Zero Hour Notice submitted by the MLA of Mawsynram, Bah HM Shangpliang in the Synrai Dorbar on Tuesday.
Through these schools, education will be improved in the backward rural areas.
Shillong: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM-YC) has rejected the decision of the Shillong College authorities to send uniforms to the graduate students.
He said that most of the teachers and principals of the school have had to refuse to accept the children who want to attend the school, because the school is too crowded, although it is a school that has been but it is still in the midst of many shortcomings.
The program was held at Pynthor Village, Bhoirymbong C&RD Block, Ri Bhoi District. The program was attended by the Hon'ble Judge of the Meghalaya High Court, Shri Justice HS Thangkhiew. Executive Chairman of MSLSA, Shillong was the chief guest and was also present in the presence of District & Session Judge, Ri Bhoi, B. Joshi, Director of DHS, MI, HC Lyndem, E. Kharmalki, Secretary, Assistant Director, Bah LL Lyngdoh and other officers from Ri Bhoi District.
Church leaders have decided to take action and do something about the problem and have planned to hold a special prayer for the affected people and ask for the power of God to intervene and help at this time.
Shillong, Naitung 16: Logging and quarrying factories have increased in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam but the forest department of the state has not been able to curb this.
The Minister inaugurated the CMCs of the Synroplang Village Organization at Thadmuthlong A and later the Farmers Union at Shangpung Pohchnong.
The Union has requested the State Government to talk to the BSF authorities to increase the number of troops on the border to prevent the infiltration of any gangs into the border. War Jaintia has not yet received a signboard.
The rally started in the morning from Iewrynghep Square and ended at Don Bosco Mini Stadium, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
On the signing of a social ceasefire between the State Government, the Central Government and the HNLC before the peace talks, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “At present, I cannot say anything about this until after the meeting. four or five meetings".
Shillong, March 01: Two HANM leaders including Lamphrang Kharbani and General Secretary Alban Gashnga have been released on bail today. Arphul Kharbani is still in police custody.
He said that the joint efforts of various groups to demand the same issue at this juncture is the only way for the jaidbynriew to get the demands of the government. .
As a sign of protest against the state and central governments on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state, unidentified people have written signs demanding ILP 'No ILP No Rest'
However, the Assam police have admitted that despite the ULFA's denial, they have identified three of its members who attacked the leaf trader and his son on Sunday evening. May.
Introducing the motion, Ban said that even in Pynthorumkhrah constituency, people vote until late at night only because of a malfunction in the EVM and added that 500 votes from one EVM cannot be cast. Nongkrem constituency which prompted the MDC to appeal to the High Court.
Besides the fish, agricultural products related to the fishing industry were also sold.
Khliehriat, Naitung 7: The ANTF in collaboration with the Umtyra Infiltration Check Post, under the leadership of Additional Superintendent of Police, Bah Banlamphrang Jyrwa and DSP East Jaintia Hills District, in collaboration with the Umtyra Infiltration Check Post, Hills District, Jason Myrom, today seized 72 grams of heroin and 17 strips of Nitrazapam. Police have arrested two suspects. Heirtami Dkhar, 29, of Madanpatieñ Along and Rajen Pale, 25, of Lumpyrtuh village, Mih Myntdu, West Jaintia Hills District.
“I and the people of the constituency strongly oppose the actions of the Assam government and at the same time we request the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to The Assam government has immediately taken action against this issue and to complete as soon as possible to resolve this action of the Assam government.
In Punjab, the death toll has risen to 11, in Tamil Nadu to 10 and in Telengana to nine.
The new office bearers of the Association are as follows: President- Shri Dame Hiwot Pde, Vice President: Shri David H Blah, General Secretary Shri Mariphang Challam, Assistant General Secretary Shri Dawan Roy Pyrbot, Auditor (Convener): Shri Kitbok Passah, Shri Jopthiaw Bareh, Shri V.E Pohlong.
The Dorbar Shnong Nongmensong, Youth Wing, Longkmie Wing and others are invited to attend the programme.
However, in the 25th minute, Sheen Sohktung scored the first goal of the match from a free-kick. Ryntih took a 1-0 lead without scoring a goal.
There are some elders who say that during the bamja it is not necessary to say that the soh khawja has run away but this does not have sufficient evidence to do so but only a fear that it will be a sign of respect at the time. they eat.
It has been almost six years since 2014, and the surprising thing is that the coal mined before the NGT order has not been completed until the order has been issued from time to time to be auctioned.
So far, 36 bodies have been taken to the Regional Institute of Medical Science (RIMS) in Imphal West district, the hospital said.
Regarding the foundation stone laying ceremony, the speakers praised the Central Government, Bah Renikton L. Tongkhar, Minister of PHE, Conrad K Sangma and especially Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh. and who has worked hard to monitor and implement this issue which is the most pressing need of the people of Nongpoh area as a whole.
I. In the presence of the Doloi, Kongwasan Chyrmang Yein gave a speech in front of the audience.
Speaking to reporters, the president of the union requested the government to look into the construction of the Nongpoh, Umden and Sknapur roads. Since the time of Bah Lapang, this road has remained the same without improvement.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, today said that the state government will set up four more Civil Sub-Divisions in the fiscal year 2016-1 Pynursla in East Khasi Hills, Mawshynrut in West Khasi Hills, Chokpot in South Garo Hills and Raksamgre in West Garo Hills.
Meghalaya will prepare for their next match against Odisha on 5th June.
In the Under-17 men's category, Myngken beat Nongjri Presbyterian SS 3-2 while in the women's category, Saiden SS beat Saiden SS 1-0 you're right.
The training was held at Hynniewtrep Memorial LP School SSA, Sabahmuswang on the road to Nangbah.
Shillong: The ABVP Meghalaya has urged all its members in the state to burn candles in memory of the 20 soldiers of the country.
In connection with the work of the Church, this man has been involved in supporting, guiding, leading and working body and soul in the spread of the message of God's love.
We demand that Dr Jitendra Singh should apologize through the media and correct what he said,” said Bah Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM Youth Wing. Shillong, The Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhaar (MPCA) has decided to file a petition in the Supreme Court against the forced people in the state to register for Aadhar.
This was discovered by the Khasi Students Union (KSU) WKHD on 23rd October during an inspection of the school.
We will be able to inform who is responsible for this after we investigate".
Research has been conducted in areas where the temperature is between 30 to 40 degrees Celsius and found that the virus dies faster in areas where the temperature is higher. that the disease dies more quickly in places where the sun's rays are stronger.
Besides, the fee for moving to a school or moving to an examination center is too high.
Mahant Nritya Gopal Das, Chief Executive Officer of the Janmabhoomi Trust, has tested positive for the corona virus.
However, the court did not issue any order to stop the shooting of the team or not to allow the production of numbers. They have paid taxes to the government.
He said that as the leader of the NPP and as the Chief Minister of the state; he has the readiness to tackle the opposition, no matter how big or small.
“I see a dark future for the children and the family to live without a father and a breadwinner but what else can we do about what has happened but the only thing we know for sure is that we will fight until we get my brother's right," he said.
Shillong: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Water Resources and other departments of the state government, on Tuesday said, “I have come here to Balat to tell you that I have confirmed that the construction of this landslide will not be completed. Protect you residents from the threat of violence.
Who has ever dared to speak against it from the beginning of the days.
This celebration is in the year that the village has turned 107 years old.
Shillong: Two more elderly people who have tested positive for Covid-19 have died today, according to the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War. 19 deaths in the state have risen to
According to information received by the union from the residents, the bridge has been constructed under the MDC scheme which has been implemented by Bah S Ranee since 2007, but it is surprising that until These days, the footbridge has been left empty and has not been completed, and as the leaders of the party, they have reached the point where they suspect that there may be something behind it.
She said that the report stated that the water is contaminated and unfit for drinking.
The inspection was led by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP Ri Bhoi, along with members of FKJGP.
He said that even the Assam government has found it difficult to prove that these people belong to it. However, with these same documents that other departments cannot verify, the voter can register at the DC's office. including Bah Sadon Blah General Secretary of the HNYF, FKJGP leaders who attended a meeting with journalists at Shillong Press Club, where they demanded that the government should remove the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. Hills u Sanjay Goyal in which they alleged that his action is against the government, as the Sengbhalang has spoken to the government in recent days to suspend the registration. and she accepted, while the DC went ahead with the matter.
Regarding the crackdown, Odisha Police have cracked down on an attempted smuggling of cough syrup in Balangir as part of the Mission Cough Syrup Campaign.
Don't you know? Ïoh he smiled and he gave his pawa to the doh of the khohwah.
Borsing Tyngkan was taken to Nazareth Hospital, Shillong and is in the ICU, while Rime and Meda are undergoing treatment at Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong.
His brothers were Hooker, Cranwell, Rocker and Niander.
My dear friends, first of all the question is, what does this stronghold mean? Or what we say in English 'Stronghold' the answer is that in English it says “Stronghold is a place that has been fortified against attack” and in Khasi we can say “Stronghold is a place that has been fortified against attack”. A stronghold is a place where there is a strong wall to protect us from any opposition that comes against us.” Similarly, the word 'Ithuh' means to recognize, or to recognize. meant to be accepted as true.
It is to be recalled that (L) Dajiedlang Mawsor won the bronze medal in the third place. and the young man brought him glory.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rev P.Hynniewta at the KJPA office in Mawkhar, said that the office of the MR has arranged to meet with the leaders of the KJP Assembly at their workplace today. at the Secretariat at 4:00 pm, on their request to reopen the churches; However, suddenly at about 3 pm, they received information that four employees of the secretariat have been suspended due to covid-19.
Men on the other hand need about 2500 calories a day to maintain weight and about 2000 calories a day for those who want to lose about half a kilo a month.
On the other hand, u Bah Embhah congratulated the Mawlai PS for continuing to provide better services to Mawlai village which is about 10 km from Shillong.
Many political parties have promised to eradicate corruption, but have failed; What we see is that the more schemes, the more corruption.
About 225 young men and women aged 10 to 18 years were tested and sent to play four games as a test. In phase-1, 4541 young players were tested and 200 young players were selected for the ranking. The Elite Pathway Program is available for ten years.
Shillong: To enrich the literature of Babu Jiten Khongwieng as one of the writers of the North East, a new book was launched today. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, at his office in Shillong.
Jowai, July 05 : The Nongtalang Mission Village Council today held a tree planting program in which all the households in the village took part in the celebration of the Environment Day. 2 or 3 tree trunks in their yards and gardens.
Meanwhile, the Government report says that East Khasi Hills District is one of the districts in India with the highest number of cancer cases and we know that many of the cancer patients do not have access to adequate treatment. well outside the State, but only a few who are qualified and supported by the Government.
About 63,763 new registrants, according to Form 6, have been included in the Special Summary Revision Exercise for
According to information received from the police, the woman and one of her daughters were sitting next to the foreigner in the back seat. The woman was shocked by the look and behavior of the foreigner, so she ran away.
“On the other hand, the leader said that if it happens, the party will not cannot cooperate with the NPP which has ruled the State unjustly for the last five years.
In a letter sent to the Prime Minister, VPP General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon said that the party is deeply saddened by the violation of the terms of contract. as reported in the media.
DF Majaw, Charter Member (PHF) and other Rotarians.
Majlie de Puy Kamp, a CNN correspondent, said she was raped by Akbar in 2007 when she was 18 years old.
In this way, the shatri should not be more important than the knup ka trap, because the knowledge of today should improve human life more than these things of ancient knowledge which are new. of evolution in the creative technique of the human brain.
They eat, sleep and eat whatever they want and that people shouldn’t feel bad for them.
At the same time, the Home Minister also expressed the willingness of the Government of India to talk to any group that stops violence and puts forward its demands. in the laws of the national constitution and indicating difficulties, that they exist.
Rain is expected in parts of Shillong and other parts of the state tomorrow, with thundershowers and thundershowers, the Meteorological Department said.
During the inspection, many shortcomings were found in the working methods especially the shortage of doctors and many of the staff are still under training which may endanger the public.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The KSU President Lambokstar Marngar, on Tuesday said that the KSU has received a letter today that the government has called for a meeting on the 19th of this month; However, the KSU has not yet taken any decision whether to attend the talks with the government.
Thus a spiritual man was created in the image of God.
It should be asked the 3rd Lama whether the Congress has crossed the border of patriotism.
Besides these, there are also prominent musicians of the state like Umphohliew, Khlieh Creative Society, Na mynor and many others and many singers from this state.
During the visit to the site, it was found that there was a round stone wall and in this place a weapon was buried by the French in the past, which may have been during the Great War.
He said that as soon as he heard of this unfounded accusation, he asked the Syiems of the Hima whether there was such a thing or not. but even the Syiems have told him that they have not given any of the Hima documents to the MLA. Speakers on the occasion and especially Bah Najim Kharmalki, MLA, demanded to explain to the people, on the allegation that he collected documents from the Hima. Jirang Constituency, because as a leader he is working hard to deliver development projects and even in this demarcation issue, he is fighting for all the land of Meghalaya to be within the state.
Besides the explanation on the dangers of drugs, the police department has introduced other issues to educate the public related to road safety, to follow the traffic rules. ), violence against women and children and human trafficking.
EKH SP Davis NR Marak said a complaint has been lodged at Sadar PS today and the Officer Incharge of Mawngap PS has been ordered to take necessary action.
At the ceremony, the former Headmasters of the school were honoured, awards were distributed to 3 students who passed well in the matric examination this year, teachers who have taught for a long time at the school were honoured. for more than 30 years.
US President Joe Biden has acknowledged that US troops have invaded eastern Syria, killing one of the most powerful rebel leaders. ISIS.“Thanks to the skills of our troops, we have been able to kill the last leader of ISIS, Abu Ibrahim al-Hashimi al-Qurayshi.
“We want to give suggestions to the government for improving the electricity generation and operation,” said Dr Mawthoh.
The High Court has summoned Bah Skhembor Khongjirem, Sordar Wahkhen, on the basis of a report on 18th June in which he himself said that he is continuing to issue certificates to the residents. village, and his certificate has helped a lot to the villagers.
You need to explain to the land buyers (non-Khasi) that it is better for them to set up institutions in their own Autonomous District Council Area, because only they can serve better.
An 11-year-old schoolgirl in Class VI drowned in the Barak River, Badarpur, Assam on Sunday.
Kordor S Manner and Happiness Phawa were the winners of the Open To All Long Distance Running Race organized by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Circle to celebrate its second anniversary.
At present, the authorities and police have not clarified the relationship between the child and the woman.
Kumar said the 12 people who returned to Shillong did not show any symptoms, but the health officials are monitoring their health. their health.
The UDP Secretary said there is no time for the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma to persuade the central government to accept the social agreement as the MP elections are approaching.
He said that their arrest is a great hope for peace and stability in the state.
Chullet said that those who committed this crime were only enemies and wanted to insult him and he alleged that they were also people from his own village. He will investigate until he finds out from each of them where the source of the allegation comes from and then he will inform the law enforcement authorities.
This attempt to destroy or destroy will have a serious impact on the youth and it is not right for it to happen or be done like this.
Speaking at the meeting Agatha proclaimed the service of the armed forces.
The DKRSRBD leaders also expressed their support and invited the people of Ri Bhoi District to join hands and attend the rally to be held on the 30th of this month in the city. Shillong to hold a meeting with the Union of Village Leaders to demand the resignation of Dr. Mukul Sangma and also to strengthen the demands related to the protection of the country and the nation.
They get up early in the morning to fulfill many duties, to provide for all the needs whether it is in the fields of farming - to feed pigs, feed cattle, or to provide household chores before they go to the fields. lyngkha is theirs.
On the other hand, Commander Shangpliang urged the traders not to cut kilos of agricultural products as it is illegal.
Will you be ready? Our local contractors do not stay overnight at the workplace as long as there is a way to get home especially when working in the village.
Starsing Nongsiej, a member of the KSU Nongmensong unit, has been arrested on charges of involvement in stone throwing in Nongmensong area.
Women and men with their children were seen standing in line at bookstores, plastic shops, and children's school uniform shops.
He said it helps to deter criminals when they know that there are CCTV cameras. Sutnga said that for the first time CCTV cameras have been installed in Wahingdoh, followed by Mawkhar and now you are the Shong Waterbroo.
He said these crimes happen for many reasons, whether it is for income, personal affairs or social affairs and it is not known when they happen. Although the police have tried hard to maintain peace and order, these crimes continue to happen.
The protest came after the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma announced that the state government has decided to look into the ways and means to bring a railway in East Jaintia Hills.
Furthermore, other ethnic groups, even if they marry cleanly, remain that ethnic group because the ethnic group belongs to the rangbah and the fact is that 75% of the sohpet is ksai and blood and seed is of the old man.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) through its Consumer and Farmers Protection Cell under the leadership of Eric Nongkynrih Secretary today visited the jhur markets in the city and suburbs.
I'm still wearing a jain.
“From my daughter's story, I feel that she too is happy even if you don't go for a long time.
“I urge the present government to talk strongly with the central government not to interfere in the affairs of the state,” he said. to the police.
When asked by Rupang on how the party, the largest party in the state, is preparing for the post of leadership, Bah Bindo said that as the leader of the party, he does not want to ask for anything. but if the people or the leaders and members of the party approve the work, it cannot be rejected.
“Therefore, we on the part of the government are still struggling to improve the situation so that we can complete and resolve this issue,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
Surprisingly, there are some traders who cannot supply this fertilizer especially urea but the farmers have been taken advantage of and the price has been reduced by 700 tyngka per quintal. 1100 tyngka per quintal in the midst of the shortage, the farmers cannot afford to take as much as the buyers.
Speaking as the chief guest, Samla Lurshai L.Rympei said that the celebration of the World Day Against Child Labor is purposeful and the theme of this year is “Social Service for all, End”. Child Labor” in which he acknowledged the need to promote the rights of children on these four rights as discussed by the Project Director of World Mission India, Ri Bhoi ADP. The Asia and Pacific Region ranks second in the world in terms of child labor with about 7% or 9 out of 10 falling victim to it. Child Labor' and added that it is gratifying that when we look back at our society, we see that 'Physical Child Labour' is less, especially in these days when almost all the parents have send their children to school, and they also get their rights as children and there is another injustice in the form of what we call 'suppression of mentality' strengthen the child's mind.
Rinibeth Patlong, PM, TI Khliehriat said that HIV/AIDS is an incurable disease, but it can be prevented from spreading from one person to another. The patient should come forward for tests to prevent and fight against this disease.
On the 24th, from 10am onwards, there will be a memorial service and on the 25th, at 10.30am, there will be a water tribute to Vajpayee's body at Umshyrpi River near Rilbong Dhobi Ghat.
Tip is it the women or the men who bring pictures in our country because when there is a war between the BODO AND MUSLIM IT IS THE SUMO AND THE NIGHT SUPER WHO CAME TO MEGHALAYA, WHEN THEY FIGHT THEY WERE THE RIANGITEI SUMO, PRIVATE KAMAI AND TAXI. They earn at a low price because it is a trick to smuggle illegal immigrants especially from war zones like Manipur.
Many may not understand the pain of those who have suffered a terrible loss.
This is the role that PA Sangma has left behind, as he has risen to such a position and is seen as a leader of the indigenous people who represents all the indigenous people of India.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee together with the Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee have taken great care to prepare and decorate the Pahamsyiem Square. Rahul Gandhi has been elected as the chief leader of the Congress party in India.
The arrested Bangladeshi Dkhars were identified as Misba Uddin, 31, and Badrul Alom, 30, of Darponagar village, Sylhet district. it's about 12 o'clock.
The most terrible evil in this age which degrades, destroys the family, the community, the society is alcohol (Proverbs 20:1, 23:20-21).
“The Lokayukta shall appoint the Directors of these departments from among the names and Government employees sent and approved by the State Government.
According to the Special Marriage Act 43 of 1954, there is no provision to punish those who marry without registration.
Speaking to media, the employees of the office, expressed their dissatisfaction with the behavior of the FKJGP leaders to come to the office without any information.
He said Pakistan needs about USD 40 billion for 2023 to 2024 and has about USD 30 billion in debt outstanding, including interest payable.
Two in East Garo Hills include Insambal Residential School in Kharkutta and Nongchram Demik Residential School in Rongjeng and one in South Garo Hills, Kapasipara Residential School in Gasuapara.
Out of this, about T.50 crore has been released for minor repair works which have started to repair dams like Leshka and others.
Most of those who were bombed and tied did not take part in the HYC public meeting, but came to visit their relatives. at the Civil Hospital, they are the students who are returning from their colleges and others who are in need.
He said that the people should not lose heart when it comes to development because development will come and what the people need is to allow the UDP to come to power. Other candidates of the party have also been elected in this election.
At the same time, he wished them a healthy body.
In addition to the 10 commandments of the Bible, Christians must obey 30 laws of the Government.
He said that the people should have elected the same party in power in the state, and urged the people to give victory to Bah Lambor Malyniang, Nongkrem and Bah Bantei Lyngdoh (Bah Paidang). Mawkynrew, both the Congress candidates to strengthen their rule in the District Council.
In November 2022, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has approved the purchase of equipment for the hospital.
Several mothers of the students were invited to help in the preparation.
“Tip seh, when my mother was with me.
The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who was the chief guest at the opening ceremony, donated T.5 lakh, while the MLA of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency, Kong Santa Mary. Shylla, who was the Chief Guest, donated T.3 lakh to the Narwan Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd, for the development of Sohniamtra farming in the village.
One of the four people who died before him, Bahrit Blister, died while running step by step, as far as I can learn, that is, at Wah Umiew, without mentioning here the dead to others. but only those who died in WahUmiew.
“.........we have met with various groups in Manipur to various leaders of Manipur, they say and allege that there is something worse that the eye cannot see.
Speaking and present were Bah R Liam, Secretary, Pdengshnong, Sohra Syiemship, Bah R Rymbai, Sordar, Saitsohpen District, Bah B Sohklet, Secretary, Mawsmai District, Bah ER Sawian, Secretary, Union. The Chief Executive Members of Sohra District and Bah J Khyriemmujat, Rangbah Shnong, Nongmadan.
We also need to renew our thinking in terms of our view of our own country and nation.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, while speaking on Tuesday.
“The court also ordered that besides the report on the implementation and completion of the NHAI, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills should also file an independent report on the implementation and completion of the NHAI. condition of this aforementioned road.
The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, in a statement, said that an FIR has been received in which a minor girl has been assaulted. Richard Kharbani and Sheldar Syiemlieh were involved in the attack.
Speaking to media on Thursday, the party leader, Bah HM Shangpliang said that the Government at the meeting of all political parties has explained in detail through a presentation on the issue related to if the Roster System.
Nongpoh: Police in Ri Bhoi District today seized about 20 trucks which were parked at a place in Umling area, on the allegation that these trucks were carrying beain coal without proper documents.
The demarcation of the border is urgent because after the adoption of the ILP by the State Government, we need to know in which state we are.
As of 4 pm today, 27.79 lakh people have drowned in the river in Haridwar.
He said that the opposition in the MDC election will not affect the relationship in the State, and added that the friendly relationship in the State Government is that all political parties are united and work together.
According to Bah Sumar, compared to other ethnic groups, the Khasi ethnic group is one of the most advanced in the field of literature and journalism.
As part of the efforts to enable the residents of the state to resume their business, the state government today allowed the opening of some shops outside the market. Now.
The wife, children and the whole family trust and respect the Father from all sides.
From time to time, there are cases where the shibuit shibor has been destroyed but the khatarbor has fallen.
At the meeting, the senior officials of the Assam government directed the Joint Forest Management Committee to the four Goan Panchayats of the Assam government to fully implement the land rights of the Khasi minorities. created since 2006.
All we can do is follow the rules of procedure so that anyone who is interested (to contest the Lok Sabha elections) can come forward to submit their application,” said Bah Paul.
The Mylliem Hima has authorized the Iewduh to build shops on the footpath of Iewduh selling juti, clothes, khap shniuh nearby and a well-known shop. as Donbok Arts (near Stand Indica).
Iebha Kyndait, leader of an SHG, said that many women are willing to start building LAB and IMO as well as fertilizer production.
“We had a meeting at a resort in Rongjeng and at that time, I was with three of my friends and I called a doctor from Assam, because he did not have proper documents. “I don't know if you're a shisha doctor,” said Marak.
He said that in fact, the biggest will be taken and transferred to one constituency and the smallest will be given.
Do you still have a righteous rule or a righteous judgment in this world? Has the Hok still existed in this 21st century? Does the Hok still have a place in this age? For the past century, the free market economy has defined and governed the natural world.
Bindo said that in the past, there was a commission appointed by the government to study the work of the district council headed by the retired Chief Justice of Guwahati. SK Datta, and therefore the statement of Bah HDR Lyngdoh is wrong.
“Once the Government has called them, it should not bother us,” he said.
At present, Jaintia Hills and Khasi Hills ADCs are still able to pay salaries but Garo Hills ADCs are not able to pay at all.
If we cannot endure, we cannot endure to the end, we will never receive the crown.
On the same day, she will address a meeting at Mawphlang and inaugurate the upgradation of Rongjeng Mangsang Adokgre Road and Mairang Ranigodown Azra Road through digital media. Tourist accommodation in Kongthong, Mawlyngot and Kudengrim.
Other speakers at the program included the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Paiem PM Syiemlieh and the Sordar of Nongkhlaw, Bah Kyrmen Dkhar.
"It's not hard to understand.
"It's not hard to understand.
“The information from the RTI has been accurate and many MLAs who have misused the MLA scheme have lost the elections,” said Bah Michaela.
He said that the leader of the people talks to everyone and to allege that there is a photographic relationship is not true.
“KHNAM has decided to support the incumbent ARPA leader and there is no objection,” said Bah Wahlang.
“I don't do politics for the people, I am a politician and I do politics only during elections,” he said.
It doesn't matter if it was celebrated by the students of NEHU, but now people from outside have come and angered the students through their actions.
I have asked the experts for advice on such matters.
I think this is something that we have to look forward to know and in the same way to share what we have with others, especially when it comes to employment,” he said.
Meanwhile, HNYF General Secretary Bah Sadon K Blah said that the Government of India through this Bill, aims to turn India into a Hindu country by bringing in foreigners.
On 28th June 2023, Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated 91 100 Watt FM Transmitters through Video Conferencing, 2 of which were inaugurated in These include those held at CRS, Nongstoin and at CRS, Williamnagar, East Garo Hills District.
These muid were loaded into two trucks in a tight manner.
They are Phaidashisha Kharbani and Heprit Bankyrshan Iawphniaw.
The party led by its President Lawyerson War and General Secretary Jersom Shylla and members of the party visited Khanduli area as it is one of the areas in Jaintia Hills where the authorities have access to the party. state.
“Do they have the necessary documents?, or do they have any connection with any authorities or shop owners to easily get the necessities they need to do,” said some of the shopkeepers. shopkeepers in Ïewduh after seeing that this inheritance of their own share would be like standing the nation in the middle of the night.
He later joined Shillong Lajong and won the U18 Youth League in
Speaking to u SP News Agency, CEM Pynshngaiñ N Syiem said that the Executive Member of Finance Antonio War will present the budget for the year 2015-2016 on this day.
After hearing that the state government has treated 7-8 families near the stadium, Barla visited and urged the state government to provide assistance to them. families.
More than 2290 centers need to be upgraded.
The dismissal of these doctors came after a complaint by Peter A Sangma, of Phulbari in West Garo Hills, alleging that they are not qualified. to the DC of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi and on the basis of the complaint, an investigation has been conducted and 16 doctors have been dismissed.
The DC's office has promised to take action on this demand.
Shri Pon Radhakrishnan, Minister of State for Road Transport, Highway and Shipping briefing the media person during a press conference held today at Convention hall.
The beginning of darkness had come, and the snow was getting worse, so we began to turn around and slowly climb the steep hill.
The AKHAF said that if the government does not have a guest house for the paid Garo people, they will not have enough accommodation.
The new cases include EGH: 17, EJH: 08, EKH: 155, NGH: 47, RBD: 68, SGH: 16, SWGH: 06, SWKH: 03, WGH: 61, WJH: and WKH: 25.
We have been delighted to hear the words that development works can be done in five years more than the development works brought by Bah Hoping in 50 years.
During this visit to Bangladesh, we saw that from Tamabil they were welcomed by the BSF troops along with the Bangladesh troops.
In the 69th minute, the Netherlands should have scored again but the referee checked through the VAR and found it to be a hand ball.
However, at the opening ceremony of the Nita Mukherjee Ambani Cultural Centre, the opportunity was opened for them to meet face to face and talk. The opening ceremony of the Cultural Centre.
On the other hand, the government has announced that the committee appointed to discuss the Reservation Roster will also discuss the demand to amend the Reservation Policy.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 30 new cases, including 29 policemen and one high risk or close contact.
Red River.
Even if there is no law, it is time to make a law, so that it is not too difficult to be free or too difficult to be free.
The areas affected by the curfew are Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Mission Compound, Mawprem, Lumdiengjri, Lamavilla, Qualapatty, Wahthapbru, Sunny Hills, Cantonment, Boucher Road (except Umshyrpi Bridge).
The incident happened at Nongbah village, West Jaintia Hills where the owner of the house said that every month the bill of the house reaches T.200 tyngka more or less but now he has The amount of money was T.12,9
Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs and Education, on Friday congratulated the Platinum Jubilee or 75th Anniversary of Ammutong Govt LP School (1947-2022).
If this deficiency of water is not met by drinking, infants may die from dehydration.
O Mother of Nature – mother of joy, Because of you I will sing! I will take care of you, As long as I live.
After the incident, Deiwa immediately informed the Fire and Emergency Service, Jowai who came to provide assistance.
Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh and Kong Angela Rangad spoke at the rally and urged the people to support them in order to bring about a clean governance in the country. public.
He also alleged that the BJP is fighting as hard as it can to build a temple of Lord Ram in Ayodhya and how to make India a Hindu country and India will be the Kingdom of God. Ram is the God that Hindus believe in.
Before the distribution of the knup to the farmers, a meeting was held in the presence of Samla Olwolmos Wanniang President HYC Nongklung Unit, Samla Welbester Mawlieh GS HYC Nongklung Unit and others.
On his resignation from the post of MPCC president, Bah Lapang said it was not that they had resigned but he had already consulted with them on this.
He said that this bill is for the benefit of the region and the country as a whole.
During this visit, the U.S. Government will cover all his expenses from travel and other necessities.
On the other hand, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun also slammed other leaders from other political parties who have tried to mislead the people and create racial discrimination. in power will no longer provide assistance or benefits to those who are not Khasi and Garo (Non tribal) and all these allegations and misleading are only to mislead other ethnic groups in such a way as u “The leader has not led any ethnic group and once they have won, he has to treat all the citizens separately regardless of their ethnicity,” he added.
Furthermore, Dr. Lartang also urged the elderly to be thoughtful in all aspects whether in walking, working and illness.
He said that the government has intimidated the KSU leaders by passing various laws but it doesn't matter this world is not the end of man, there is still another place. judge.
Secondly, in the trade of heritage, most of us the people of the villages eat only jhur ki jhep, fish and dohpnad not from our own places but from the goods imported from outside the state (such as fish imported from Andhra Pradesh).
The attack happened on Wednesday of the week.
The MDC, who has been in power for the past few months, has been shocked when he spoke on the report submitted by the Executive Committee (EC) on the proposal to amend the law. Amendment to Rules 128 of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous Districts (Rules
Therefore, the residents of the village are urged to come out according to the scheduled time.
We should have turned around because we have understood that it is no longer possible to rely on the shlems that draw electricity from the water.
At this meeting, Ma Ngaitlang promised in front of the crowd that he will always be with the people in any step of their struggle. “I'm against this proposal to sell land to the army,” said Ngaitlang.
Chennai has been on a complete shutdown for the past two days.
The two awards include the Syrnod and a cash prize of 1 lakh tyngka.
As job seekers we must be willing to accept those demands of employers.
On the other hand, the Kur, in their loss of hope, have sought the assistance of HANM to find out the truth and after receiving a complaint from HANM Pynursla Circle, The Tymsem Kur, on the misuse of the land of the Tymsen Kur by the Lyngdoh and Bah Blah, has gone to the office of the Deputy Commissioner to find out the truth.
For the youth and women in our constituency, there is still a lot of need to be served.
On the NPP's demand for VVPAT, Pandey said Dr Mukul's remarks have forced the NPP to demand VVPAT. to create any strategy to win elections.
As the appointment of Sr M Harriet as Principal was not accepted by the government, the salaries of the teachers have been withheld by the government.
Why is the law so biased,” said Bah Rymbai.
Meanwhile, Champion was taken to hospital after sustaining serious injuries but the others were released after receiving treatment.
Thus, this prayer and supplication that has been prepared will be heard, 'One is one to remain and maintain the rights and customs of the unity of the Soul of the Long-Jait bynriew.
Let us remember him in our prayers.
Symbud Chief Minister Dr Roytre C Laloo was the chief guest at the ceremony held at the Soso Tham Auditorium in Shillong. and they were great.
In this program we will witness the advice, encouragement to the students who are going to take the exam to get rid of the anxiety and fear of the exam, how to write without anxiety or anxiety.
She said that this commitment has been made clear through the visits of PM Narendra Modi to the North East more than 60 times since 2014, while his Cabinet has also visited the North East. visited the region more than 450 times.
It was from this renewal of nature in the month of October that the ancients got the idea to renovate and strengthen the new house or sop tynriew and strengthen the tynrah per garden and to clean up the wet from the stones.
He said that Tura is the headquarters of Garo Hills and there are many issues that need to be resolved immediately.
It is not good only for those who take birth from a man or a woman.
“There are many places where they cannot be relocated but the government has not taken the right decision,” said Hek.
In June 2018, about two months after the MDA government took over the rule in the state, the protests against the people living there broke out until it spread rapidly with the people from all over the country. They went out to Motphran and other places to hold a protest which lasted day and night for many days.
Meanwhile, Kilman brought a SBBL rifle and shot Ranjan but the bullet did not hit him. Ranjan and immediately Ranjan took out a sharp knife and turned to Kilman and stabbed him in the neck and body.
The candidates sent to Delhi include Bah Pynshngaiñlang N Syiem (Pynthorumkhrah), Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh (Mylliem), Dr Celestine Lyngdoh (Umsning), J Antonius Lyngdoh (North Shillong), Deborah Marak (Williamnagar), Billykid A Sangma (North Tura), Edmund S Sangma (Rangsakona), Sayeedullah Nongrum (Mahendraganj), Rophul S Marak (Rongara-Siju) and Brigady Napak Marak (Bajengdoba) are the candidates. MLA to the State Legislative Assembly.
The office bearers of the party include Denial Khongsit as President, Jinda Pohleng as Vice President;
The Umsning Out Post Police Chief has directed the Rangbah Shnongs to keep a list of the names of the tenants in the village and submit the list to the Police Outpost. and their documentation.
Shillong, Nailar 09: U North Shillong MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday expressed his dissatisfaction with the lack of attention and silence of the NEHU authorities towards the employees of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU). serve in various departments of this university.
Although the State has been independent for 38 years, the number of these students who may one day become the shapers of the future of the rural areas as in other states of the country. in India.
I have full confidence that he will be able to give the best,” said Conrad Sangma.
The Modern Pentathlon (MP) has become the new Olympic sport to announce its welcome back to the athletes from Russia and Belarus who have been banned for a long time. participate in any sports.
It’s time for us to work together as a team.
And the war between the households has happened, this is happening even in our beloved state and villages.
He was falsely accused, arrested and tortured until He died from this world.
I would like to call it the Nepal kew because it was first brought to Khasiland by the soldiers from Nepal and because I want to distinguish it from the true kew.
The reason for the incident is that many of the villagers are in a hurry to complete their purchases quickly, lest the village vehicles leave them behind.
The Ryntih through its President, Bah Wallam Kharpran, said that these donations amounting to 1 lakh tyngka, were led by the MDC of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Teibor Pathaw.
So how will these foreign teachers teach the kinds of jobs that require traditional knowledge and skills? It is important to curb foreign migration and properly implement the law on migrant workers and respect their rights.
Bidis Doloi said that after the prayer of Amos Shangpliang, the demon was answered.
Replying to a question raised by Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit, Dr Mukul said, “The Ministry of Home Affairs of India has not issued any order to the state government to build a the Shia sign has zero line".
Shillong, Nailur 15: About 54 items from the Museum of Arts and Culture have been stolen from the State Museum of Arts and Culture.
He said that these guidelines are necessary to prevent this from happening again, especially as there are still elections to be held such as the MDC elections and the Lok Sabha elections in
Once accepted, the Government has a large amount of money in the Revenue Department.
Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram and so on.
Mohammed's relatives accused the doctors of negligence and accused the pediatricians.
However, according to one source, the sector/returning officers were quick to search for their EVM/VVPAT machine rather than first aid the injured.
The North Shillong MLA wants to know how the government will get the funds to hold the festival which is also planned to be held abroad in Thailand.
Although the police have found it difficult to identify these robbers, as they came from Assam, but the District authorities will work together with the Police to arrest these robbers, who have been involved in the crime. the crime against the government, he added.
For the implementation of border schemes through the BSF, 30 Bn.
Fortunately, the Shillong Times has accepted the rejoinder, otherwise President Hasina Begum would have been angry.
Believe me, this year's IDY is special and Yoga is combined with the power of Vasudhaiva Kutumb kam.
Shillong, November 07: The party will soon decide to announce its candidate for the Lok Sabha elections, said the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has canceled the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) after the completion of the elections to the 1st Legislative Assembly of the State. in this State.
Each group has its own goals to work towards, and to recognize these goals by putting forward the goal to achieve the goals,” said Sangma.
The PIAs and VTCs are NESA at Mawlai Mawkynroh near NEHU Campus, NIPSTEC and IL&FS at Dhankheti, ILEAD at Nongthymmai Reebok Building IIM Road and others like Avenue, HP , DB Tech approved through the Department of Labor of the State Government and Delhi.
So now it's time to focus for the match and also to play well.
Teilang War tied 37 runs from 20 balls while C Shylla and C. Gassah of Ummulong took two wickets each in four overs.
Nongpoh, March 03: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Ri-Bhoi District, has announced a public holiday under Sec 52 (1) of the Assam Excise Act and Rules. kyiad throughout the district.
The equipment used in this school is on par with other countries of the world to make our state and region full of excellent students in all fields.
He has put Rs 30,000 crore in Anil Ambani's pocket,” Rahul said.
It can be on health products or run solely on cash.
Rejecting the allegation by the UDP leaders, Bah Renikton, who is also an MLA for the first time, said, “To be an MLA, we must be able to Take decisions for the benefit of the people in the Constituency as well as in the State in order to serve better.
Sandhu was speaking at the India Ideas Summit organized by the US-India Business Council.
At the same time, the 11th Mait Shaphrang Academic Award 2022 will be awarded to the best students.
Shillong: The registration of MHIS-IV for MHIS-IV is ongoing at government PHCs and CHCs, u Bah AL Hek today said in the House. people who have not completed, can approach them to register.
In the Khasi language, the Pulse are KYNDEH THIED. Around the southern border of Mei Mariang, there are and grow flowers of many colors.
“If Telangana doesn't have Gorkha land, why doesn't it have Gorkha land?  We demand that our 107-year-old demand be fulfilled,” said GJM General Secretary and spokesperson Roshan Giri.
These youths under the leadership of Samla Marwein called upon all the youths to come out in order and take part as a sign to force the government to expedite their results.
Jowai, July 20: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE), under the Link Worker Scheme sponsored by the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) in collaboration with Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai to hold a traditional song competition on the theme of HIV/AIDS. The traditional song competition will be held on the 9th March 2024 at Thomas Jones Synod College (hall) at 9:30 am.
It is on this basis that the Assam police are willing to do whatever they want even to shoot dead Meghalayans as happened in Langpih and Mukroh.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah P.Thongni Secretary Syn Juk Rangbah Shnong Riangkang Area said that we should work together to ensure peace and order. especially the youth so that they can work together with the village leaders and also so that they can walk and live in the right path.
It is to be recalled that during the inspection, the union found that many classrooms have been destroyed and the bathrooms have been destroyed, the toilets are not suitable for use, and there are not enough toilets. The government has not believed that the schools have the necessary equipment every day.
Pantanjali’s rapid growth over the last few years clearly shows that indigenous healers, and the medicines they prescribe, are highly marketable.
“I am surprised that the Congress leaders in Meghalaya have accused us of having a part in bringing about the CAB.
“It is very sad for us as employees of the District Council because for 10 months we have not received our salary at all and it has put us in a great difficulty to survive and provide for our own families,” he said. , said the President.
The trial selection will be in the Under-21 category for men and also in the Senior category for women.
On the part of the party, we urge both the Khasi and Garo ethnic groups to oppose any wrong and biased decision of the government and to respect each other,” he added.
Hardeep Singh Nijjar, commander of the banned Khalistan Tiger Force (KTF), was shot dead in Surrey, British Columbia on July u year.
Ram Kumar said that the Covid wards in hospitals need to be renovated when they need to treat patients.
Most of the candidates to be announced by the UDP tomorrow will be from East Khasi Hills District. UDP President Titos W Chyne said that most of the constituencies have already been resolved.
The Royal XI top scorers were Nishanta Chakraborty with 31 runs off 60 balls and Abhishek Kumar with 25 runs off 18 balls.
Ampareen has clarified that she did not intend to criticize Mawlai for using the word “slum” or a place for homeless people. sem, however, the opinion is that there are parts of Mawlai, which fall under the Municipal area and therefore, it intends to provide assistance to these residents, from various schemes of the Municipal. the Government of India.
Meghshala will work with these schools and encourage teachers to use Lenovo tabs for teaching.
Police have also conducted patrols around Shillong and surrounding areas for the sake of peace and order and to ensure that there will be no tragic incident.
However, there is no true law on organized crime.
He said that Star Cement has fought hard to protect the environment and so far it has planted up to 30,000 tree seedlings according to the Japanese Akira Miyawaki method of environment forest planting to protect the environment. “Star Cement has tried to help the residents of the area in all aspects from education, health, sanitation, agriculture. and in various constructions from the construction of schools, churches and also to protect the environment especially the air and clean water,” said the Resident Director of the factory, Devender Bansal.
He said that the service to the people is one of the services to God, therefore as the leader of the constituency, he has a desire to work better for the benefit of the people. at the same time to bring about economic development in the Constituency as a whole.
Mookaswan Dongwah will play against Kseh Sylle Ialong at 10 pm while Madan Kynsaw Mawkyndeng will play against FAM at 12 noon.
Sanbor Shullai, BJP leader from 19-South Shillong, said that if in 2019, the people of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency elect him as MP of the Lok Sabha that year, “At that time, the people of Ri Khasi and Jaintia Hills elected Bah Pala, and he brought only water and fish but they elected Bah Vincent H Pala to become MP. “If I win, I will become a Minister and I will bring water and fish,” said Bah Sanbor.
The training was held at the Chilliangraij Headquarters with the participation of students and teachers of Chilliangraij Govt.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: Leaders of the UDP Riatsamthiah including President of the Youth Wing Everlastman Shangdiar, Executive Member of the UDP Riatsamthiah and Winningstar Warjri have decided to leave for the country. Join and support the foundation of KHNAM, in a statement released today.
Shillong, Nailur 2: Fourteen youths belonging to various political parties have been arrested on charges of throwing stones and burning vehicles in different parts of Shillong.
Dong Lailad FC, which won the title, won the trophy and cash prize, while Upper Umkaduh FC, at the same time, received individual prizes. Freedy Sylliang was named the best player, Aibantista Syngkli was named the top scorer and Botfor Kharkongor was named the best goalkeeper.
He said that the NIOS offices have moved from one to another.
The second factory is located at Sankilo near the house of Bah Gigur Myrthong MLA of the area. The MLA/MDC of the constituency.
The party has vowed to celebrate its three-year anniversary with another surprise march to the Secretariat to demand that the government implement the demands of the party.
On the part of these SHG members, they expressed that through the establishment of these groups, they hope that they will be able to improve their livelihood in the villages.
Furthermore, DS Cairns in his book The Faith That Rebels says that Jesus had a faith that stood against the evil forces and thieves who would insult and persecute them. fellow human beings and those who destroy fellow creatures.
Other speakers included BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh, BJP Women's Union President Anita Susngi.
The electricity demand of the state during the evening hours (5 pm to 10 pm) reaches 320 megawatts or more while at other times the electricity demand reaches only 200 megawatts or less.
The students also sent a complaint to the Vice-Principal for not wearing masks and immediately confiscated their student IDs for not wearing masks even after being forced. .
These new rules shall remain in force until further notice.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi-Umiam has held an emergency meeting today at Umroi Nongrah. together with the leaders of DKRSRBD and strongly condemned this statement.
Acts 7:10-1
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Two persons accused of murdering a 50-year-old boy in Umtangar, Ri Bhoi village have pleaded guilty to the murder of a 40-year-old boy. He tried to escape with the remaining 10 bottles of kiad belonging to one of the two robbers.
They also said that this blackout does not happen only in the morning, noon but also in the evening or night when many works have been completed and cannot be completed on time. .
He said that the Basan of Raid Nongkseh has promised to cancel the announcement which has not been approved by the District Council.
The Congress leaders said that many of the people who attended the meeting just to say goodbye to Bah Kendong because he wanted the NPP which is leading the MDA government and which is also the government. Bah kynsing, who had already been arrested, had been arrested.
In the third day of the match at the MCA Stadium in Polo, Manipur managed to tied for only five runs this morning after scoring 259/8 runs at the end of the day. -ar, Meghalaya lost all wickets after scoring 267 runs, 53 runs short of the target set by Meghalaya in the first innings of 320 runs.
This period runs concurrently for another 30 days.
The meeting was conducted by the Pa Langdoh of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla, Rgh Wanbha Lyngdoh.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 712 and the number of cases in Europe to 90,2 .
They have turned the election into a business.
The Minister of State for Tourism, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar has laid the foundation stone of the Hospitality Complex to beautify and improve the surroundings of Thadlaskeiñ Lake to attract tourists.
According to his complaint, at 8 pm, a masked man with a pistol suddenly entered the residence of the petrol station with the intention of robbing the money. he.
It is surprising to see that the District Council, which has been established for many years and has the authority to make laws on these customs, has not done anything or thought about this important issue.
The work is only half completed and the other part has not been completed at all,” he said.
The reason is that companies or private groups do not want to invest in rural areas because they do not earn as much as in urban areas.
This is the teaching of Jesus, the teaching of the Holy Spirit of God.
On the DIPR department, Kong Ampareen said that she will take action on the needs of journalists in the state. and their abode".
When we talk about the power that other leaders have, there is also the power to destroy and also to improve.
If we compare the Ïewduh with what it is now, it is clear that its appearance has deteriorated and it seems that it has turned into one of the places of income for someone.
Before concluding, I would like to remind all those who don't want to accept Hindi, that it is difficult for you to accept or learn Hindi even if you take what you eat every day from Hindi. The same origin of the word, 'U khaw' comes from the word 'KHAO' which means food or food, the word 'Kur' also comes from the word 'Kul' come from the same thymmei, language.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Congress-led MUA-II government today introduced the Rangbah Shnong Ordinance in the House as a formal procedure but has no intention of passing it into law.
“If it is true, I say it is a fraud because if you can do it after the election why is it difficult for the BJP to do it now?
“There are cases where our employees have been threatened by people who come to drink kyiad just because they are not allowed,” he said. drinking is less common these days.
On the morning of the 17th of Tuesday, the parents of these children lodged a complaint with the police that their children had gone missing.
He has been missing since 23rd June at 11 pm.
This happened on Saturday, 29th November, 2023 at about 6:45 pm when the robber stole a gold bag from his hand, ATM Card and with Mobile Phone.
Merina Sangma said that according to the complaint received by the Union, some members have reported that they receive low salaries, long hours, unpaid salaries. , discrimination, inadequate housing, lack of assistance schemes for women who live as domestic workers and others.
On the allegation by the Vice President of AITC and MLA of Umroi and George B Lyngdoh that the Khadar administration in Meghalaya has been involved in daily delays, Prestone said, “Let the MLA of Umroi tell me. each one where the MDA Government has failed.
At home, I don't have time to talk to them, because they come home at night and even if there is a family, I just look at my mobile phone.
Whether you are elected or not, or whether you win or lose, the High Level knows and is responsible for the election because you have been appointed by the High Level.
“We need to receive the money before the 20th of this month, because on the 20th we have to deposit it,” she said.
At the same time, Pangniang said the UDP and HSPDP will discuss in detail the MDC elections in the coming days.
Facebook's total revenue since June 2019 has reached T.59.65 crore and advertisements are not only on Facebook, but also on Instagram, Audience Network and Messenger.
" She immediately shook his body“Why? Why?" Bah Shanbor asked again when he got up from his sleep.
During the search, 307 boxes of soap weighing 3.99 kilograms containing pink powder packed in polythene were found.
This is because they are unhappy after the defeat of Bah HDR this year due to the fight against Bah Synshar and his family.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, said that according to the vision of the state regarding the Constitution of the country, the One Hundred & Twenty Fifth Amendment Bill The government has expressed concern over the election of those known as un-represented tribes to become members of the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) in Meghalaya.
Was it from the incessant prayers of Mother? Looking back now, I believe it was the true and sincere prayer of Mother.
He said that 5,878 people have been placed under home quarantine, especially in East Khasi Hills District and Mylliem C&RD Block and the Deputy Commissioner has set up 48 teams to monitor them. The team includes doctors and nurses.
Lambor Malngiang, Independent MLA and Chairman of the State Planning Board, said, “We have full unity and we have 37 MLAs who support the Congress. to support the Congress"
Therefore, the President of the Association appealed to all the alumni of this school to support and attend the upcoming meeting.
In East Jaintia Hills, there is one village.
Shillong, Nailur 29 : India is witnessing the hard work of the branches and branches of the Sangh Parivar including the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Vishwa Hindu. Parishad (VHP), World Hindu Council, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), Bajrang Dal, BharatiyaKisan Sangh and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The Government has urged the people and especially the city workers to immediately reject the blockade of the HNLC office to demand the release of four arrested persons including HANM President Bah Lamphrang. Kharbani on allegations of involvement with the party.
Announcing the name of Bah Teibor as the NPP candidate for 2023 from Mawlai, Conrad said the supporters should put forward that the election is not a year away but only a year away. 300 days.
The total amount of money is Rs 2237.97 crore.
The meeting was held to discuss the preparations of the Wrestling Association for the 5th Meghalaya Games in Tura.
These are the first rules we set.
This caused him to become very angry.
Shillong, with its cherry blossoms, has shown its beauty.
Pope Francis recently said, “You must cleanse and defile your hands in order to build the Kingdom of God”. thiem, it doesn't kill people or commit crimes, but to put our hands in the fight against crime and let our hands be dirty, it doesn't matter.
Stories of miracles are widespread and stories are told of a world that is sick, sick, poor, poor, hungry, depressed, confused, a world that is unhappy, insulting and discriminating against others. , lying, deceitful, corrupt, and murderous.
We on behalf of the Indian National Congress will continue to keep you informed of the developments,” said Surjewala.
GNDU, Amritsar (Arjun Thakur, Shivani Raikwar) 32 (127); 4.
The union also demanded that the government should innovate the methods of identifying the people who should receive their rations.
The Super Cup, a tournament between the I-League and Indian Super League clubs, was held in Kerala from 3rd to 25th June while the ongoing IWL tournament started on 26th June in Ahmedabad.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 28: The JAC Nongstoiñ Tourist Association (JTOA) today held a meeting to discuss the issue of government buses in the Nongstoin area. the income of the vehicle operators in the area which includes all the drivers' unions.
When asked whether the land vendors should not sit in the areas prepared by the government, he said that would be up to the court.
According to the figures submitted by the Indian government to the Supreme Court, 6,779 people have been displaced in Mizoram, 2,970 in Arunachal Pradesh, 2,494 in Nagaland, 1,413 in Meghalaya and 90,954 in Assam.
Forward Nongrem said the party has no objection to the demand for Garoland, but only one thing is that according to their information, the GHSMC has demanded the map issued in 2006 and which was issued in The ANVC in 2006, which declared that the areas in South West Khasi Hills will fall under Garoland.
Police Public Sector School against Mang Hai Ryum Sec School at 11.00 pm.
They demanded that the government should increase the collection fee to T.10 tyngka per WB and if collected at T.10 tyngka the WBs will earn T.73 lakh tyngka per annum and if coal is transported it will be twice as much. he said.
Dozens of villages in Garo Hills have been affected and flooded and many roads have been severely damaged.
In Psalm 23:1..., He says, “The Lord is my shepherd...even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil.
Shillong, Nailar 28 : The 21st National Wushu Championship (Boys/Girls) of the Meghalaya Wushu Association (MWA) has left the state to take part in the 21st National Wushu Championship. long in Calicut Kerala from 5th to 10th July
It is to be recalled that the Lyngkhat Football Stadium has been famous since ancient times and especially after it produced Aibor Khongjee; a football player from India.
They plant plants like riewhadem, and many kinds of jhur to grow in the morning and evening.
“Through these RRCs, it will help the income of the people in those villages whether from SHGs, youth or residents as this can be a source of income,” he added.
When I looked back at the valleys, I saw streams flowing with clear waters.
The Nongkrem Festival is the most important and famous festival in Khasi Jaintia Hills.
But the question is – will Modi and Conrad still be able to feed the unemployed people? These are just people.
Tura MP Conrad K Sangma has said that it is time to forget about politics and work for peace and development. of the state.
The two-year-old boy, who also knows how to swim, drowned at about 2:30 pm on Saturday.
Patna: A total of 384 doctors and other health workers working at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in Patna have tested positive for the coronavirus today.
After him, the next batsmen failed to increase their innings, so the team relied solely on Raj who lasted till the end of the innings with 125 off 283 balls with three wickets. typically 4 and one 6.
The same students who scored 20 out of 20 percent in the Online Test scored only 02 or 03 marks even if they were asked the same questions.
He said that the Germans cut the pig by tied it from the neck and it died.
Speaking on the occasion, UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong said the party is pleased to allow the party MDCs to discuss the post of Mairang MDC before the party takes a decision. .
Nongpoh MLA Mayraldborn Syiem together with Bah E.Kharmalki, Director Urban, have visited these houses for the purpose of improving and building others. pat deep.
Nongpoh, November 11: The FKJGP and KSU Nongpoh Circle have given their full support to the Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) and the Dorbar Rangbah Shnong Ri-Bhoi District (DRSRBD) on the basis of their stand. They protested against the government's plan to install a weighbridge in front of the DTO office, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
He also spoke and explained in detail about the National Trust Act and the 21 diseases under the RPWD Act
Nongstoin, Nailar 17: Nongstoin Police Station today arrested another suspect in connection with the robbery. robbery of government offices and schools in Nongstoin.
Furthermore, the authorities, emergency services and health workers were urged to cooperate with the schools.
Not only that, Jezebel had even God's prophets like Elijah killed.
The training was conducted by PJ Lamare, coach of the MCA in the presence of other officials.
He said that the cleanliness of the area and the safe drinking water have been seen.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the meeting to renovate the UDP office in Mawphlang Constituency, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh said, “I have already explained to the leaders that I don't want to contest anymore. Elections.
This is more than the population of the USA (33.1 million), nearly twice the population of Brazil (21 million) and Nigeria (20 million), and more than three times the population of Mexico (12.8 million) & Japan. (12.6 crores).
The same question was asked by the Chief Minister of our State on 28th July
Krishan top scored with 47 runs and Kenny with 36 runs, while Striker XI bowler Manas took three wickets in three overs and scored 12 runs.
Lamdame Shangpliang met with UDP leaders in Shillong to encourage Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and to urge the people of Meghalaya to support the UDP in order to bring peace to the people.
The team was led by Pynshai Mawrie as coach, Baremdor Kharmuti as technical officer and Dony R. Ranee as national president.
Riyot is the son of Byrten Langshiang and her husband Do Kharkongngor.
We all want to do good deeds for the country and the people, but we must also follow the law.
Superintendent of Police Jagpal Singh Dhanoa said that the Nongpoh Police Station, on receiving a complaint from the family members of the deceased, conducted an investigation. The investigation was conducted at the place where the body of the Rangbah was found.
474 people have been rescued from dangerous areas and transported to safer places and nearly 75000 kilos of relief items including food items have been transported to difficult to reach villages. helped the people well.
The consecration of Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar was conducted by the Archbishop of Shillong, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, DD in the presence of Archbishop John Moolachira, DD of Guwahati, Archbishop Dominic Lumon, DD of Imphal in the presence of other Archbishops and Priests from other Religious States from the North East in the presence of Leopoldo Girelli, Apostolic Nuncio to India and Nepal.
Alvi said the presence of a clean government with two or three parties is an advantage because besides the fact that there is no opposition to blame the government, sometimes they come out. There are also many changes from the parties in the government and this helps a lot to address the issues that the people need.
“We don't have any immediate decision right now.
Applicants must be citizens of Meghalaya and must have been residents of the centers for at least 10 years and must have received a letter of approval from the village authorities and vigilance. committees.
A Rangbah from Jakrem village who grows biscuits said that he has brought up to 20 borni of biscuits to Shillong market but for two days now he has not sold even 10 kilos. .
These two doctors or scientists who are researchers and observers of pharmacists who only use traditional medicines praised Dr Pakyntein for taking seriously this work of pharmacy. he.
The tournament, which is also an opportunity for youngsters who have new talents to develop their sports career, will start tomorrow with a competition. The match will be played between Mawlai Sports Club and Nangkiew Irat Sports Club.
This book on Kiang Nangbah is different from other books published about him, because in writing this book it was taken from the writings of the French soldiers and at the same time it was taken from the stories of the British soldiers. The ancients have told us from that time until now.
“We will call them after the Budget Session to resolve this issue,” said Sniawbhalang Dhar.
From the Catholic ChurchThe Catholic Church, led by Dr SL Marbaniang and Rev Fr John Madur, said that they have informed Kohli about the ban on beef, the discrimination against Christians and the Ghar Wapsi. .
Many rumors have spread that the government has spent a lot of money for the Hindi film which has come to Shillong in the past few months.
He said the NGT has taken the initiative to ban coal mining in the state and on this, the central government and the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) have issued many letters to various departments. Coal and the Ministry of Home Affairs.
It will be like a tree that burns all the time with smoke, it can now begin to burn to burn once again the signs of light in order to begin to carry the head. how to start enriching the Khasi language.
Shillong: Shillong today received 2.6mm of rainfall while Sohra received 3.6mm of rainfall.
At the meeting conducted by Samla Deogratias Kyndait President of the JSM, the JSM unanimously decided to give its full support to the night curfew. HNYF-EJZ, KSU-JHDU, FKJGP-KC and AJYWO-CGB will start from the 27th of this month.
This was revealed by a jobcard holder who worked for only 28 days but the salary has reached her bank account of more than 24,000 tyngka.
Furthermore, Bah Nongtraw said that the party has informed many times through the media and also to the Ksiang and the Government, urging them not to send any summons. 'Unfortunately, our prayers have not been heard, and the situation has increased without cause.
The Minister of State, Bah Sanbor Shullai, who is also the MLA of South Shillong Constituency, was the chief guest in the presence of teachers, school children and other invitees.
Through the Electoral Roll, the number of people over 45 years of age is 47,287 thousand and of these 18745 thousand are 39.6 per cent.
SWO Moosianglamare Old and Dkhiah East won the 3rd Division Football Tournament organized by the EJHDFA at the EJHDFA Artificial Turf, Deinshynrum, East Hills District on Tuesday. .
Shillong, Lber 31: The Task Force Committee (TFC) set up by the State Government to study the issue of minority status in the State has recommended that the State Government should not establish a State Minority. Commission (SMC) to look into the issues of various groups in the state.
“It takes months to get the equipment if the vehicle breaks down,” said the drivers, adding that if the damage to the vehicle is severe, the equipment is even slower.
“Let us first fulfill all the requirements.
There are still many expensive items that are good and durable.
at Madurai Kamaraj University.
The Bible clearly states that until the end times knowledge/education will increase.
In the middle of the night, Bermon left her 6-month-old son cold during the protest by the victims of these villages – Umsawli and Mawtari which they held at Don Bosco Square since morning. about 10 o'clock.
She said that the goal of NACO is to fight against the disease so that it will not be able to spread to others and there will be no deaths from the disease within this year.
He said that if the 4-lane road is built to avoid Umsning (Umsning Bye-pass), it will be difficult for vehicles to go to Mawhati, because this bye-pass from Shillong will create a new road. The road from Umtrew to Patarim to Nongthymmai near the Police Out Post.
This is the step of the earthquake.
Former MLA of Khliehriat, Bah Justine Dkhar, has given the words of encouragement to the talented youth by saying, “A small river, while flowing twice, turns into a big river. 'This is also an encouragement to the group of Samla Shanbor Langstang and said that the song is a part of the life of a person at all times, he congratulated the group. He urged the public to watch and share this video 'STYLE' to continue to produce more music videos.
On the toll plazas in Jowai and Ratachara where they have sent the authorities in charge of Highway NHAI to improve them to avoid traffic jams and on the demands of the people to remove them the tollgate in the Jowai area, because although there is a tollgate to collect money, they have not been able to improve the roads; On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong said that he has already ordered that the road should be improved soon so that the people can travel safely.
And if he follows the advice of the Chief Minister of Assam just to get the border settled, Assam will take the land from Saitsama, Mukroh and Khatkasla to the Myntang River as it does from time to time.
The Mizo youths have been filled with anger over the atrocities committed by the Meitei against the Zo or Kuki people in Manipur.
Shillong, March 23: The decision of the suspended CLP leader Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh to join hands with the BJP speaks louder than the decision of the suspended CLP leader Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh. Whoever expelled the four candidates is the Congress or themselves.
The MUDA parking lot from Anjali should be connected by flyover to the parking lot of Khlieh Iewduh.
Shillong, June 14: The results of the Assam elections will be announced on 19th June 2016, but before the decision of the people of Assam, it was seen that the Chief Minister of Assam, U Mukul Sangma told reporters that he could resign as prime minister if the Congress party finds that there are others who are better than him.
The program was held under the theme “Panch Pran” with the aim of developing the country, to raise awareness, to be proud of what has been done since ancient times, to encourage unity and solidarity. and to know or understand their responsibilities as citizens of this country.
Shano God has you.
The Manager of the Tourist Department said that there are still many needs and the Tourist Department still needs to improve the road such as planting trees along the road from Markasa to the places. stay of the guests so that it will be beautiful.
However, according to police, one of the members of the group has complained of illness.
Several residents of the northern area told reporters, “This has moved the place to collect and submit the forms from the office of the Syiem to the office of the DC Shillong. In the past few months, it has been like an insult to us, because we are the villagers who don't know how to go to the city, we don't know how to enter government offices, and if we go we have to lead. to those friends whom we have to spend on transportation and we have to pay daily wages to those friends whom we send to help.
The union also demanded that compensation should be paid for the damage caused to the fish farms in Mawpyrthuh village.
The dusty dust that flies while driving enters the human body and causes headaches, colds and other symptoms, especially during this time of Covid-19, she said. News from Ma Lasting Pala, Headmaster of Umkiang Village.
When they got home, Banisha called the man to come home on Friday, which was only five days away.
Sohshang also thanked all those who have been involved in the fight for the establishment of the Civil Sub Division in Mawshynrut from HL Nongsiang, former MLA of Mawshynrut, H. Witting Mawsor MLA of Mawshynrut; Special thanks also to Kong (L) M.War, MLA and former Minister, who has donated the land in Mawthengkut. About 12 acres of land has been allocated to the Government for the Civil Sub Division.
I also urge the Dorbar Shnongs to cooperate in order to improve the society,” said the CEM. that the Jaidbynriew is not based on those who are wandering around without contributing anything.
Namewanki Pakyntein took 4 wickets (match figures 9/75), Maremdorkini Sutnga took 3 wickets and Eshan Siangshai took 2 wickets. wicket.
He said that the Constituent Assembly when drafting the Constitution of the country has laid down this rule for the appointment of MDCs with the intention of allowing the intellectuals to enter the Legislative Assembly and not through elections. .
The incubation program will be conducted in the same manner for 120 startups with Proof of Concept.
If the Candidate objects, the Meeting may be adjourned immediately.
However, they come out again with other activities, and so on, the circle continues until another election and then, the betting with money to buy votes goes on again. , and the people will run back to those moneylenders, and the change for the better will end up like a lonely cry in the wilderness.
“In just three years, we have been recognized by the United Nations as a state that has improved in Digital Governance and tourism development in rural areas. “We have made progress in the implementation of central government schemes including Jal Jeevan Mission, PMGSY, MGNREGS and other health schemes,” he said.
no.9615627592 and Etilda Rongrin Umdang Ph.D.
Bishnoi is currently in custody at Tihar jail in Delhi on charges of possession of firearms and threatening to kill Salman Khan in Jodhpur.
Lawsohtun CC won the 3rd Division while Golflink 11 Star won the 2nd Division.
The Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng, Bah Wanlambok Kharsati, gave a detailed explanation on the pollution of plastic to the environment and cleanliness and encouraged the people to use other methods such as leaves. , market bags and organic bags that do not affect the environment.
The Minister said that there are cases where people have been in love for a few years, but after they have become angry and sad, they take it as a sign of rape. and this is different from the case of child abduction.
“Thank you very much to the Minister of Education, Union Government, who has expressed our request on behalf of the students to release the colleges in Meghalaya which are affiliated to NEHU to fall into the CUET for the year 2023-2 , and to allow them to continue attending classes as usual.
When they come to ask for land, the rich or the government authorities have not given it on the side of the highway and they don't think about the future how to create problems when building the road.
“The Minister has answered a question from the media on the views of the state government on this issue and the statement of the Minister is clear that the ban will continue if it is found that there is The use of formalin in fish is small or large because formalin is not suitable for use.
Moopyllaitsyiar Village Council has requested all the residents to cooperate and if they find anyone who violates the rules, please inform the Village Authority.
The Meghalaya Kickboxing Organization (MAKO) has expressed its gratitude and congratulations to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, and Kong Isawanda Laloo IAS. The former Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, the HYC and those who were willing to assist them in their journey to take part in the Asian Kickboxing Championship held at in Bangkok, Thailand from November 10 to November 18, 2022.
Siej is a lymboit and a lymbiang (without snep) who wants to share with the Hynniewtrep Hynniew Hima to live under the protection of the traw. you are the “New Tree”.
They lead us to the land of thought.
If you send your children to sell alumuri in front of Nan Palok or Phan Nonglait Park, and Motphran, they will say, “Shish, you are a stupid mother who sends you a shameful job,” Two and a half people stand to earn a living from this cleanliness industry that tourists don't eat, they can send their children to school abroad and they can build bungalows to live in.
The Ministry of Arts and Culture and the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs have been affected by the government's budget cut.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: After the police of Sadar Police Station summoned the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Bah Roykupar Synrem on 28th July 2024 to answer the question of illegal houses. powir in the field survey and the raid on drug users.
D. Phawa, ADC Ri Bhoi, was the chief guest, along with Bah P. Khonglah, BDO Umsning Block, Bah W. Shangpliang, Rangbah Shnong Nongsder, Bah OB Rani, Bah Jonas Lyndem, elders including residents and students of Bethany Secondary School Nongsder.
Two years after the SPL was not held, the SPL will come to light and what is expected is what Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Sports & Youth, said. Affairs, he said that the SSA has made a huge effort to help the SSA to expedite the cleaning of the artificial turf. The event will be held at the First Ground, SSA Stadium, Polo.
Because at this time when the Hynniewtrep people are fighting for the rights that we deserve in terms of employment and other rights that we deserve. However, suddenly a voice came out from some of the Riew Rangbah to demand their own share for the Jaintia Hills.
“I believe that others will not get the disease, because it is not easy to fly by helicopter from an altitude of 8,000 meters above sea level,” said Ness.
“In fact, we don't allow the Rangbah Shnong to become Secretary VEC, but because he held this post before he became Rangbah Shnong, he was allowed to hold for a while so that he can complete it. the remaining works, said the elders of the village.
After inspection, the vehicle was found to contain goods suspected to be intended for smuggling to Bangladesh.
The earthquake in Ri Khasi this year has severely affected the kñia of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien.
There are many parts that will not be affected but for us Khasi-Jaintia it will not be affected.
On Tuesday, three traders from Dalu area were abducted by the rebel group from Telekhali in the forest bordering Bangladesh.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, today said that the work of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-II coalition government is no longer the same as before.
He understands well that it is he who takes advantage of her; but were it not for that he would not have been able to get a wife like her, young, pretty, educated.
No value was placed on the living animals, except those inside the ark, which were counted according to their weight.
Shillong, July 13: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Ranikor Circle has strongly warned the contractors from various departments especially in the PWD departments who work incorrectly and do not repair the roads. The residents of Ranikor area are still lagging behind in all aspects.
He started building a house but had to stop the construction because he could not pay the wages of the workers.
Meanwhile, a source from the ministers said that they have the facts to show that the KHADC has already received their letter of resignation and they are surprised to know that the KHADC has not done anything. that you have not received.
Meghalaya is one of the states with a youth population of less than 70% and this effort to promote adventure tourism will attract youth to participate in this employment generating industry. said Saleng.
The hearing on electricity, water, public utilities, telephone on 11th November, bank cases under Section 138, NI Act, Recovery Suits, etc. will be heard on 8th November. The National Lok Adalat will be held on 10th July 2014 and the National Lok Adalat will be held on 10th November
Listen to how the psalmist sings: In sorrow and in grief, He gives me peace;
The General Secretary of Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong, ABM Shullai, said that the money was raised by the village out of concern over the spread of the disease.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Thursday said that the State Government has now turned to other parts of the State to implement or bring in the railway line.
Precious Tang scored all four goals for Khimusniang in the first half in the 4th and 35th minutes followed by two goals in the second half in the 46th & 90+2nd minutes. .
The children of non-Khasi fathers acquire Khasi caste, while the children of Khasi fathers are not allowed to acquire Khasi caste.
According to him, the protection of the people of the state is the top priority and therefore the government will look in that direction.
Ong the Minister.
He urged the district authorities to take more benefits from the MNRE schemes. He also held a meeting with the people and Rangbah Shnongs of Nongstoiñ, who explained to him about various problems.
When asked about the VPP's protest against the re-appointment of retired and dismissed officers from the Lokayukta, the Minister said the government has already explained many times why these officers have been appointed. people in the past without following the rules of law is because they were appointed for a short time.
“The creation of constituencies will be up to the ADCs,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
In the Sub-Junior Girls' National Football Championship, Meghalaya was in Group-C against Gujarat, Assam and Chhattisgarh.
Not only that, but leaders who know and understand the value of the state, the value of the citizens from the newborn to the elderly who have no power over themselves, from the children who are the future the nation to the youth (women and men) who are the rishot of the supporters of the state, the value of the youth and the elderly who should implement the goals of coexistence, development, welfare to use and allow them to showcase their talents that God has given them. On the 2nd of October, show how many thousands of residents will fall victim to the words jali jaum that, once every three years, how many thousands will fall victim to the purchase of money.
Ajoy Talang scored the second goal in the 23rd minute.
The Dorbar Chnong Samasi, would like to thank all the leaders of the village, from the MDC to the MLA, who have donated food items to the villagers, who have contributed to the welfare of the villagers. lang, especially at this time when the whole world knows that there is a curfew due to the Covid 19 pandemic. Khublei shibun.
Recently, at a meeting in Ri-Bhoi District, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that Block-II belongs to Assam and the Meghalaya government is in talks to return the Khasi villages to Assam. Meghalaya.
The closing date for receipt of entries is 10/10/2
During the meeting held on Friday at Nongpoh, Ribhoi District, NEPMU has decided to supply oil to Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, the Executive Member (EM) in charge of Land, Bah Titosster Well Chyne, said that the Land Committee, which he chairs, has held a meeting today and decided to write a request. The Government should first withdraw the Bill so that it can be amended by adding more appropriate provisions.
The Word of God says, "Choose you this day.
“For 2023-2024, I estimate that the revenue collection of the State will increase by 22% to T.3,205 crore.
Replying to Dr. Mukul Sangma's remarks, Pynshngaiñ said, “Does the Nongstoiñ Hima Act? In 2003, the MUA-II Government established the District Council.
His mother, Saraswati Devi, was found but Pankaj and the child were not found.
When asked whether the government will nominate anyone to take over the post, the newspaper said that no name has been sent yet.
Jeremiah 51:20.
Another reason is the attempt of the BJP Government to impress the people of the North Eastern States including Meghalaya by starting the border demarcation.
Nowadays, many people want to earn money without wanting to work hard like other young people.
Most of the time, when she visits the homes of people who have jobs, she helps the women to harvest rice, harvest rice, harvest piat together with the women, without counting herself even though she is a community leader.
The investigation team has taken steps to aggressively combat terrorist groups, allied groups, terrorist aides and sponsors by conducting raids on suspected assets They said that the government has been working with the insurgents and also to suspected insurgents across Kashmir.
From Pynursla onwards, there is no maintenance, even a little and the road, which is very bad, is at Langtad Square, where there is a very strong snowstorm and above Siatbakon, There is a well of water, which has been there for more than a year, and has not been filled with water.
“Instead of getting tasty and good beef, we eat muid,” said the MLA. , but there are cases where these meat are no longer healthy, which is very worrying and the veterinary department has set up a gate at Umling to check and examine the cows, whether they are suitable for food or not, but instead, the veterinary officers have heard of the illegal collection of money from the buyers.
You have shown that the country is working and that everyone is happy.
The football tournament sponsored by Yess Meghalaya which started on 28th October 2024 and ended on 30th October 2024 was inaugurated by Bah T Mynsong Sordar Shnong Umtong. The ceremony was inaugurated by Bah T. Pohshna Chairman of Mawkynrew Block.
Daniel 12:11 (1290 days).
This is a study by the University of Nebraska, which shows that the air from the room where the coronavirus patient is, comes with the same contamination, on a plate, which is placed in another room. room, which is adjacent to the room where the corona patient is.
The turnout of candidates on the nomination day was higher than on the nomination day as the candidates who did not show their turnout on the nomination day showed their turnout on the nomination day.
When the ksiang from the husband's house went to talk to the family members of the young woman, he talked in front of the parents of the woman. the ksiang shall be the leader of the road and shall also take the responsibility for the husband.
In 2012, another outbreak of MERS or Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) occurred in Saudi Arabia.
Lambor Malngiang, MLA from Nongkrem, said that he is pleased that the government has taken the decision on the ILP. “The CAA has violated the Constitution of the country on equality before the law.
When the rescue teams recovered Kalpana, she was already dead on the ground and was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Besides having to be hidden from the public, the meat must also be clean, not dirty or spoiled before being sold.
The CEM said that these new posts will be appointed by promotion and transfer of employees who are not already in the Council.
The tournament was organized by the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, in collaboration with the Office of the District Sports Officer, Jowai.
“I have called the DCs, SPs myself every day to ask about the situation and we have also set up a whatsapp group with the DCs, SPs, to discuss and I have also asked the SPs to send The images in some way make people look,” said Conrad.
The swearing-in ceremony was conducted by Bah PJ Bamon (ex CES JYF-CB), as the chairman.
I have received the RTI reply from the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District,” said Bah Khongji.
Nanu Bhasin, Additional Director General and Ritu Kataria, Assistant Director.
Iraqi police chief Hisham al-Hashimi told reporters that Elefery was a close follower of the ISIS leader and had joined the attack. The attack damaged up to 10 vehicles.
He said that it is through the billions of dollars and aid that the US has sent since the beginning of the war that Ukraine has been able to survive and stand to this day. times.
In any case, we feel that this step of organizing the meeting of the Kur Leaders is necessary.
It was also alleged that the MLA had distributed a .25mm soping tin to the people but according to the RTI, he had distributed a .45mm tin, which he had bought for T. He distributed 27 units to 370 households in the village.
The plight of the farmers and farmers will no longer be discussed and no one will believe in them.
There were also songs and dances by the students of the school.
He said that these textbooks do not provide any training on the condition of different villages in Meghalaya and information about the state.
Latiplang was appointed as CEM after the dissolution of the Executive Committee led by UDP MDC from Shella, Teiñwell Dkhar.
The demand of the union leaders came after the Prime Minister said that the construction of the Mini Secretariat in Tura is part of the progress towards implementation.
The Minister also informed that some of the departments and institutes have tried on their own to provide drinking water.
When contacted by the Divisional Manager of Shillong FCI, he said that it is wrong to say that the rice is artificial, to say that it is plastic rice, because in fact it is the rice. The method of cooking is the same, but it is better and more useful to eat this rice, because it is first ground into a powder and then mixed with vitamins. utei eat.
“While I'm telling you, you're writing about 30 words that I'll take tomorrow,” said the father.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: An accident between the vehicle of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma and a commercial vehicle at 3 mer Upper Shillong has sparked a quarrel between the former Chairman of the HNLC. Mawhati MLA Julius Dorphang and Jaiaw MDC Adelbert Nongrum, former CEM of KHADC. He also gave an example of others who commit robbery and theft by mentioning the name of Julius Dorphang, former Chairman of the HNLC. nothing was done.
Seven students from Jingiaseng Samla Presbyterian Church Jowai and North East Adventist College also donated blood.
The purpose of this inspection is to ensure that vehicles will no longer be allowed to pass through this road within the Khyndai Lad market which leads to Umsohsun.
At the meeting convened by the Sub-Divisional Officer of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, the BSF leaders asked for two days time to investigate the incident. They went to the office of the SDO, Civil Amlarem.
In this regard, Senggupta has sent a reply on 6.2.2024 signed by the Project Director regarding the condition of the NH-6 from Jowai to Ratacherra to .2024.
At the handover ceremony of these ambulances at Nongrah, Bah Pyniaid through the Council, also honored the village leaders from different villages in the Sohryngkham MDC Constituency who have given their cooperation and taken care especially during the COVID-19 pandemic in the past months.
He said that the Seng has been directed to request the Sordar Shnong or Rangbah Shnong of the area to come here with the Seng to bring along the dulir kot pata whether it is from Tlongpleng. According to the information, Trongpleng had two Himas, the Hima Bhowal and the Hima Maharam.
The drone was piloted by Shan Nongsiej.
Besides speaking on the celebration of International Workers' Day, he also spoke on various laws and regulations that protect workers.
Tartaricum is first found in the Himalayas.
The same thing happened in Thangrain village and even in Borato village the wind and rain fell so heavily that the well of PHC Borato collapsed.
He said that this team will operate 24×7 according to the information of the public on the movement of drug traffickers or by being the followers at all times.
He said that everyone knows that Mukroh village still falls within the border of Meghalaya, because even in the last election, the villagers were still voting for Meghalaya and even for development schemes. They are still in the government of Meghalaya.
Many people who come to Laitumkhrah as tourists come to take part in many activities.
Three robbers escaped in the shootout with the police.
Khrawbuit Ryntathiang, Rangbah Shnong Mawpat, said that there are about 40 youths who have been patrolling the village every day since the curfew. They were also provided with masks and hand sanitizers.
Nongpoh: A fire broke out on the 21st of this month at Iew Bhoirymbong, Ri Bhoi. The shops in the area have escaped from the fire. Fire brigade arrived quickly and managed to control the fire.
The deceased were identified as Cafinia Nongsiej, 15, and Maianylla Nongsiej, 11, of Mawrok Mawlangniang village in Rambrai area.
“We will discuss the issues affecting the state to be brought to the House and we will also discuss the ways on the NCM against the Lamphang,” said Dr Mawthoh.
The complainants admitted that there is no evidence whether there has been any loss of witnesses in this regard, but the information should be sent to the state government.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJM) in collaboration with the Mahila Morcha and the Shillong City District of the BJP on Tuesday held a public cleanliness drive at Khyndai Lad and the Soldiers Memorial at Motphran on 12th July. 2023 as part of the one-day 'meri maati mera desh' program which means 'my land, my country' held across India.
“All this is through the assistance of the Minister in charge of this department, Bah Prestone Tynsong and also the wise leadership of the MDA government,” said Wailad.
We are only human beings and we cannot understand or understand everything.
However, the Traffic Police Department has implemented another tactic, that is, the police when passing by shane easti will also wear spy cams and once they have investigated and found those who violate the law, they will be punished. summon them with a heavy fine.
For now, it is better that things should be as they used to be, but that we should take more care to preserve nature as it is; to improve and develop an eco friendly society, and to monitor from time to time the needs of society, according to the They are the ones who will make us citizens think and give advice to the government authorities on what the people feel is necessary.
Although 12 Congress MLAs led by Mukul Sangma have left the Congress and joined the Trinamool Congress ahead of the 2023 MLA elections, the Congress is still strong and can win until At that time, many doubted that the Congress would win up to 5 seats but this victory showed that the people still love the Congress and the leaders they elected. .
Welcome speech was delivered by Bah Olden Nongpluh, General Manager and Officer-in-Charge, Reserve Bank of India, Shillong in the presence of about 160 farmers. members from SHGs, local employees and others.
If you are interested in volunteering for civil defense in the MLA election 2023, please contact us on
A day before the formation of the DEC, the office bearers of the General Council of the UDP South West Khasi Hills District were confirmed by the President of the party Dr. Donkupar Roy in the presence of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Working President Bah RA Lyngdoh and and Bah A Dkhar.
Many of the speakers at the meeting expressed their concern over the incident of turmoil in the KHNAM party as reported through the media which has caused confusion among the people of the constituency.
“Photo: Bah L.Tariang, MSC, ADC while cutting the ribbon to open the training center at Khelo India.
The quake measured 6.5 on the Richter scale and was felt near parts of Jurm in northeastern Afghanistan.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Two teams, Mawtawar SC and Sohryngkham SC, won the SSA 2nd Division Football League 2023 on Friday at the SSA Ground.
Heavy rainfall is expected tomorrow and there is no warning, the Indian Meteorological Department said.
" He spoke to another man.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya and President of the National People's Party (NPP), Conrad Sangma today attended a meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) Youth Front (NPP) Youth Front (NPP) held at the Soso Tham Auditorium. , said that it is necessary for the youth to take part in democracy for the development of the state and the country as a whole.
Shillong: Kharumnuid FC and Laitlum FC have won the second Mawutieng Invitation Football Tournament organized by Mawutieng Sports and Cultural Club at Thohlyndit Stadium, Sohryngkham.
“How to clean: Add 1 drop of castor oil and 1 drop of olive oil to a small bowl and mix well.
They work physically and spiritually and dedicate themselves for the sake of others especially for the poor.
Working relationships with government offices are easier and more convenient for traveling to Pynursla and Shillong than for traveling to Sohra because of the distance.
How can we expect parents to meet the needs of their children and family? How much is the problem of those women who don't have a husband to support them? Therefore, the MLA said the right thing because there is anger from the people over the reduction in the annual school fees. The school authorities have not explained clearly the reason for the increase in school fees.
Secondly, it makes it difficult for the government to regulate agricultural products because if it does so, it will require employees to monitor and monitor the condition of the market. the two parties :- that is, the buyers and the sellers.
Many have paid money, but have not received the product.
The Cabinet of Ministers of India today approved the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill-2016 and the bill will be tabled in Parliament next month.
Furthermore, two ropeway projects connecting Gaurikund and Kedarnath as well as Govindghat and Hemkund Sahib will open up more opportunities for believers to visit these places.
In the first step of the Mang Tyngka Session, the Bill introduced by the CEM on Friday was also discussed in the House.
I have learned to live in life to see the beauty of such a life and especially for the children in these slums and I want as Miss World I can do something, from it. part of these refugees"
He also promised to take immediate action on the complaint regarding the distribution of rice to the people.
In his speech, Bah Khlain Pyrkhat Syiemlieh congratulated the KSU and FKJGP for welcoming them. They did not reach the goal, but when they reached Mumbai where they met with the leaders of the KSU, they were filled with joy after being encouraged and when they heard the news that the KSU From Jorabat to Shillong, members of FKJGP and KSU were honored by the members of FKJGP and KSU. Bah Dundee President of FKJGP in the ceremony. He praised the team of the State for their hard work to reach this stage.
Regarding the incident, Bah Shambor Nongkling, President of the Ri Bhoi Green Ginger Association, strongly condemned the incident and at the same time urged the police to conduct a thorough investigation to find out. to everyone involved in the crime.
I went down to Brishyrnot.
When it came time for him to speak, he said that he was surprised to learn from the UDP leaders that his application had arrived last night. “I have sent it for two months now, I am sorry why it is so, in fact I want my name to appear as one of the ticket applicants no matter if I lose or get it,” he said. you are old.
It is also prohibited for those who go hunting or eating meat to come after 8 pm and if found by the VDP members they can arrest and punish according to the village laws.
To build stadiums, houses, grounds, roads, to provide water, electricity and all the necessities is very time consuming.
Apart from school books that are specific to schools, young children should also be taught stories, novels, magazines and picture books that are appropriate for their age.
Children often accuse parents of forcing their children to study and not allowing them to spend time playing.
“The agreement can be reviewed if there is no public concern, because the agreement between Assam and Meghalaya has to be witnessed by the Indian government,” she said.
Executive Member of FASToM Samla Mayborn Lyngdoh said that the Seng will continue the protest until the Government implements the two demands.
Her remarks prompted Shiv Sena and NCP leaders to say that she should not go to Mumbai.
“It will be established by the Dorbar Shnong whose duty is to monitor any crime in the village to maintain peace and order and work together with the Government, District Councils, Hima and others. border district too.
It may be recalled that the MHSSP was signed on 28th April between the state government and the World Bank and has been operational since 26th November 2021 for a period of five years.
To pass higher or higher education, the job is real, many young people complain that they don't get a job. Many of our young people have become involved in corruption and corruption and in the end they have become stumbling blocks in the society. Isn't it right for each of us, especially those who have the authority to see all these things?
He said it is surprising how the government allocates money for the salaries of teachers without money.
Steve Huff, a paranormal expert, has claimed to have communicated with the spirit of Sushant Singh Rajput. requests of those who love the actor.
Tura, June 4: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) will announce the results of the Meghalaya HSSLC Examinations 2014 – Class XII tomorrow at 10 am. good morning.
The accident happened at Kynshi Bangla on the Nongstoin-Shillong road when a three-wheeler carrying Um Rupa collided with a jeep coming from Kynshi heading to Tenbgri.
Project PI Dr Jaideep C Menon (Cardiologist, Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences, Kochi), Co-PI Dr Omesh K Bharti (State Epidemiological Officer, Himachal Pradesh) and Dr.Santanu K Sharma (Scientist G and Lead PI, RMRC-Dibrugarh) are currently investigating the prevention measures against bseiñ in the states of the North East such as Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura.
The talks led to the acceptance of the African Union (AU) as a permanent member of the G20 which symbolizes a new era of inclusion and global cooperation.
This beautiful painting was painted by renowned artist Mario Pathaw in collaboration with Start India Foundation and Asian Paints.
One of the reasons for the shortage of revenue in the State is that the Meghalaya government cannot collect much revenue due to inadequate collection methods and leakages of revenue.
Shillong, Nailar 12: BSF troops from Kuliang, East Jaintia Hills today seized a truck with registration number -41B- 6238 at Sonapur Bridge on NH-44 and from the truck police have seized bottles of Phensedyl worth T.5 lakh. Police have also arrested two smugglers of phensedyl. Rahim SK and Jahagir SK from Nadia village in West Bengal.
At the same time, the Minister said that the time has come to introduce Smart Technology in education as it will connect with the outside world which will help the students to get more information. on their subject.
The name Seinduli came from two names but at different times because they were established by their own people, not just divided.
According to the Resolution of the Reservation Policy in 1972, any post belonging to one of the ethnic groups if it cannot be filled due to lack of applicants or for any reason. “That share will be carried forward to the next year in addition to the 40% already allocated in the employment,” said Bah Robert.
The chief of Nongpung, the chief of Nongkhlaw, the chief of Nongshai (Nongpoh Hima), the chief of Umsaw Nongbri.
:Leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) from Ri Bhoi District have visited a land not owned by MMDCL at Mawsmai village.
“We will also strengthen the functioning of Hima, Raid and Dorbar Shnong,” said Bah Lanong.
Boys H/S School beat Ummulong Presbyterian H/S School 1-0
Copy :- Fake.
There are many Khasi who do not belong to the Seng Khasi because the Khasi have not had a religion since ancient times.
And when we look, we see that they are the ones who will become MLAs for the first time if they are elected.
Lensbirth N Marak top-scored with 53 runs off 51 balls including four 4s and three sixes.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Polosstar Marngar and welcome speech was delivered by D. Syiemlieh, Assistant Teacher, Government Lower Primary School.
The demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Fifth Schedule has been going on for the past 40 years led by the Khasi Author Society.
"Don't put these things here.
The reason for the increase in the services of the airport is after the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In a statement, the leaders of the union said that today, 8th July, they came to meet with the DTO to discuss the request for a reply that they did not leave the road on the 27th of July.
Shillong, July 26: According to Facebook, there is a group of drinkers somewhere, according to a picture received from Facebook, there is a group of drinkers known as 'Ka Union of Kyiadlieh Kyiad saw' and in this picture it can be seen that many rules have been imposed on the members of this Union.
These three constituencies include Nartiang, Mowkaiaw and Raliang.
In the beginning it was God who ruled but he gave it back to man, so there were kings and queens, there were also despotism or dictatorship.
If it is not true, many of those schemes will not work especially in the rural areas.
On the part of the Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang, through the Waheh Shnong, Bah Apmon Pashiang, said that this Christmas lighting, which is lit in different colors throughout the village, is a welcome to the Christmas season. The fireworks display has started from 5 pm to 12 pm on the 18th and will end on the 3rd of July
The Rangbah Shnong said that the collapse was caused by the poorly constructed water supply system. He said that the incident happened suddenly when the owners did not think. He said that no one was seriously injured in the incident but some were seriously injured.
In Meghalaya, too, the chess system has changed dramatically.
In another incident, besides Ricky, another youth has been abducted by robbers from Nongjri village near Umsur village.
If we look at the Congress under the leadership of Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state at that time it rejected the ILP and now everyone wants ILP and I see that this issue has become a political issue. world of parties to mislead the people," he added.
Damewanhi Rymbai, Organizer of VPP East Jaintia Hills District who also attended the meeting with the DC, expressed his concern over the killings of illegal immigrants from time to time on the border with Bangladesh.
The distribution of food items was led by Manbha Lyngdoh of Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama, Sohra in the presence of Maharaj and his team.
I don't know what these people mean, they don't want to train with weapons, think carefully if you are still free to go hunting, let them teach you how to shoot sier-siat skei but when those roads are closed If they don't train to shoot people, what else do they mean? If they injure people, the sohpdung is against non-Hindus. If they say to defend the country, why don't they send them military training? .
Besides, it was learned that there has been an earthquake near the site of the tower and which has increased the risk of the earthquake due to the heavy rainfall.
Although these teams tried to play hard, Khliehmawlieh managed to score another goal through Livingstone through Kyntiew Myrthong (90').
Guddi Tomar, a worshiper of Goddess Durga, cut her own hair and donated it at the Bijasen Mata temple in Tarsama village.
Speaking to reporters, RTI seeker Disparsing Rani said that the sudden dismissal of these two employees is a violation of the Minimum Wage Act of the central government and also the announcement of the government through the PWD Executive. Engineer.
Before his tour in the State, the singer will leave for Dimapur, Nagaland and will perform on the 28th November at the Agri Expo Ground.
Patton, meanwhile, said that the Nagaland police will not withdraw from their posts unless Assam withdraws from its posts. There has been an agreement with Assam that the two states should withdraw from the borders of the two states, but Assam has not withdrawn at all and is strengthening its police.
The lack of strong laws to curb the influx of foreigners is a threat to our small community, said Bah Sawkmie.
Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, BD Marak, confirming the incident, said that Ramesh Dkhar was found by some people in Muthlong village and immediately informed the police, who rushed to the scene. immediately take him away to prevent any untoward incident.
If the Legislative Assembly is large and expensive, and if the functioning of this main building is satisfactory to the citizens, we don't care.
The Minister said that the creation of the Rongjeng Sub Division and other developments that have come in this area are the dreams of (L) PA Sangma for Rongjeng.
He is a hard working man.
Even after the SSA recently announced that the tournament will start on the 20th, but due to the conflict with the I-League, TRAU-FC will host the match against Neroca on the 21st. This month at the SSA Stadium as a home match due to the unrest in Manipur.
As of the 20th of this month, the district authorities of West Khasi Hills have already demolished 43 illegal coal factories in the Shallang area.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the government is still considering this issue to find a way to address this issue and in this regard, the government will Talk to the Central Government on this issue.
Ramesh Singh, Manager in charge of the construction of the road, said that the work is progressing fast and the company will do its utmost to complete the project. complete the first part as soon as possible, so that we can continue the cleansing.
The Word of God clearly states that “the truth shall make you free” Jesus clearly said – If you abide in my WORD, you are my disciples indeed, and you will know them by your truth. and the truth shall make you free.
They always say that if you think too much it appears in your dreams.
In the second half, Ladthadlaboh struck on all sides of the Sohmynting goal and found that the players of Sohmynting were lost and could no longer control their own goal and the goals came out like cold rain. .
Shillong, July 13: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Central Body today met with the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KYF) Bah Adelbert Nongrum at his office. The HNYF has expressed its views on the decision of the High Court which has abolished the powers and authority of Rangbah Shnong.
I would like to request the Members of the House not to do such things.
The office has directed the eligible beneficiaries to collect the ration from the Fair Price Shops in their villages.
He said that the students need to have adequate vision for further education.
Scotland's squad for the tournament is Richie Berrington (C), Matthew Cross, Alasdair Evans, Chris Greaves, Jack Jarvis, Michael Leask, Tom Mackintosh, Chris McBride and Brandon McMullen. , George Munsey, Adrian Neill, Safyaan Sharif, Chris Sole, Hamza Tahir, Mark Watt.
The JAC has lodged a complaint with the authorities of the three villages and only after receiving a complaint from the Rangba Shnong of Nongpiur, Lyngdoh. The Secretary of Laitmynsaw Village, Kloda Sing Dkhar, has informed the Jhalupara Out Post Police Station. At the time of writing, police are at the scene to investigate the driver and also to wait for the owner of the vehicle to arrive.
But when you win, why are you afraid?
The book is available at Ri Khasi Book Agency Shillong, Amazon and Flipkart.
ST.Joseph HR.SEC School won the best team title in the women's category.
Therefore, don't use yourself in useless jobs because if you use yourself in useless jobs, you won't get any purpose,” said Kong Ampareen.
There are also Khasi dialects which have two or more meanings in writing.
She also strongly criticized Amit Shah's statement on Meghalaya saying that it is the most corrupt state.
At the same time, they said that they should be given time to open their shops and not to be covered with puh-shilum.
I believe that is the understanding that you as a family have,” said Bah Garoh LSN Dykes.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, who is also in charge of the Finance Department, today presented the budget of the State Legislative Assembly for the year 2018-1 , the expenditure will be about T.14,104 crore, while the revenue from all sources will reach T.12,554 crore and there will be a shortage of T.1,550 crore for this year.
His most famous collections are Because of You, Wonderful Nature, Love Me, I'll Pay Back, Silver Age and Come To Me.
“If we can pay the full amount of T.32,000 that the government has set, it will be ours,” she said. many children who live by the wages of the day.
When she saw it, she told her father and he immediately informed the Fire and Emergency Services. They arrived at the scene and the fire destroyed the shlem saiñdur of the Muktiar of the city.
To ensure that he would return the money, Wansted Syiemlieh wrote a letter promising to return the money.
“The Dorbar Shnongs should also take care of this, they should check from time to time to know who those people are who enter the area.
Joshua congratulated the BJP mandal and especially Jrop Sing Nongkhlaw for winning the BJP in Shella.
However, as soon as the blast occurred, it was seen that the people had run away to save themselves and the police have closed the road since that night.
The Minister's request for information from the DHS came after strong comments on social media regarding the appointment at the 100-bed hospital.
According to him, the people who applied for jobs online have been severely affected because the information has not reached them.
The Meghalaya Chamber of Commerce and Industry (MCC) has said that in the next two months, the price increase may continue, although it is not expected to decrease. the days that are coming.
Where is the Academy of Literature? Even the scientists of this literature do not know these things.
The President of the All Meghalaya Dancers Association (ADA) has also explained how to vote for Bateithymmai Nongrum through his Facebook account. it will be clarified when it receives a message from Yes I Am to close the vote.
To avoid such incidents, the District Council should have appointed Commissions to investigate into these customs across the country without changing them but letting them remain as they are and conducting the law is written in writing.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA, today visited the Tirot Singh Syiem Indoor Stadium at Lachumiere.
We have already read that Jesus bought the church with His own blood, which clearly means that the church cannot be established before His death.
Students in Geography will have to study up to 9 chapters to get 23 marks while in History only 5 chapters will have to get 23 marks.
The ruling MLAs of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) may discuss at the coalition meeting the roster system to be implemented within the State.
Shillong: The district authorities of Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, on Tuesday said that a person from East Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, who has tested positive for covid-19, has arrived in Mawkyrwat. The district authorities have also announced that there will be a two-day closure of the hospital, so that they can search for those who have contacted the staff of the hospital.
He said that the party cannot believe the report of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) in the past years, which has stated that the water pollution is due to the mining of coal in the area. There is no coal in the river.
When asked about the allegation, Conrad said, “I don't think there was any violence against the HSPDP MLAs but they came voluntarily to support us and sent a letter.” .
Dr Mukul Sangma has decided to contest against former Congress MLA Tonsing N Marak.
In 2019-20, it is T.2,000,000 crore while the expenditure is T.1,99,6
The Arkansas resident, who photographed himself with a knife on the desk of US Speaker Nancy Pelosi during the attack on the US capital at 2021, at which time the court reportedly extended his prison term to four and a half years.
He stressed that the time has come to implement the NEP for the future of the youth.
I believe that our nation will be one of the nations that will improve in education, agriculture, trade and inheritance or in all these compared to other nations in the states. of our country India.
