They also called on the shopkeepers to clean up and set up a garbage dump in front of their shops and to encourage the people to throw garbage in these garbage dumps. and thou shalt break it in the streets.
“We have no part in the conflict in the United Democratic Alliance (UDA),” he said.
Referring to agriculture, the CEM said that about 60 per cent of the goods are imported and about T.200 crore per annum has to be spent to pay to other states, so the EC will encourage agriculture. , agriculture, handicrafts and others to improve the income of the local people.
It is sad that as people have increased in education, we find that the increase in pollution has increased with the passing of the days.
The clearest results showed that Trump won Indiana, Kentucky and West Virginia, all the states he won in
In addition to these, cash prizes, certificates and trophies, the Commission may award certificates along with a cash prize of T.50,000 each to the selected films.
November 18: In a show of public support, the Vikasit Bharat Sankalp Yatra has reached a special milestone, with more than 2 crore participants in less than 10 months.
Solar electricity may be another way to support the electricity shortage in the State, if the project works well as announced by the Chief Minister.
They said this after a proposal to increase the number of MDCs in the District Councils in the state after a proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. Country.
Shillong, Naitung 11: One of the guards of GNLA Commander-in-Chief Sohan D Shira has been shot dead by police during a raid in the forest. I'm going to Durama, now I'm going.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah C.Syrti, Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, said that the police have not yet arrested the suspects. you don't know where you are.
The youth are the soldiers who will defend the country and the nation against the enemies, whether they are hidden or open enemies, because many of our youth today are educated and they are also There have been brave leaders since ancient times, brave leaders who have never given up, those who have that courageous spirit, the brave spirit that has never allowed the enemy to destroy or deface this beloved Khasi land of ours. .
He said he fell in love with the business with friends.
(iii) When Jesus has done much for us, let us do something for others, for on that day of judgment Jesus will say, “Truly I tell you, in your sins Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me" (Mt 25 : 40).
When we stay close, we can suffer from illness and other problems.
Finally, he urged the people that when the leaders have shown unity, they should follow the example because if there is no unity, there is a great danger for the nation especially for the future generation.
This government has destroyed the fish of this region but in terms of development, Jaintia Hills is lacking in all aspects.
We don't want to become like someone else's tree cutters in our own country,” said Ronnie.
Sohmynting Dongnein will face Mupliang at 1 pm while Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu will face Samaro at 3 pm.
Fear cannot be said to enslave and destroy the spirit of struggle.
The candidate who is only trying to ensure that he will not win cannot throw away everything in the hope of winning as an MLA. There are places where the power of money works.
Shillong: The new Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, today took over the throne.
Although the police from Shillong under the leadership of Bah Vivek Syiem SP City have arrived at the village but the village authorities do not want to send police to the incident as they have already taken responsibility to prevent it from happening. something sad between these two groups.
They were identified as Bonaven Ture Nongkseh , 20 , of Pyndengrei , Johny Thyrniang , 19 , of Nongjri WKH and Pyn Willbert Marngar, 17, from Pyndengrei village, West Khasi Hills.
They wanted to ignore the people, refused to treat them well and only maximized their gains for political votes.
The number of cases worldwide has risen to 9,81,221, mostly from the US and Europe.
This idea is the answer to a society that is very poor and oppressive.
The death toll in North East Delhi has risen to 23 and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has said that foreign forces have taken advantage of the clashes and are not the villagers. .
Expressing hope that the peace talks will go smoothly, Bah Saiñkupar said, “The HNLC is committed and determined for the peace, we expect the same from the government”.
“The farmers went to cover the helicopter landing site of the Principal Secretary and when the farmers returned, three vehicles suddenly came and attacked the farmers. One of them died shortly afterwards and another died in hospital,” said Dr Darshan Pal, farmer leader in the area.
The party also reminds the youth to continue to work hard to move forward as they are the future of the country and the nation.
This will affect the commuters who need to travel every day, especially due to the ongoing II PU (Pre-University) Examinations, the source said.
“Today's meeting has decided that as a party we want to send a message to the people that it is time to use our minds to elect leaders and we are here to years have passed, but now 50 years have passed, we can say that all the governments and political parties that have ruled, have not been able to fulfill the wishes of the people since the state was independent. "he said.
From time to time she stirred him up, from time to time she stirred him up, and from time to time she stirred him up in her breast, like a mernrikhun.
He said that the Hima Mylliem has been given 45 days to complete the work. In fact, the deadline has expired on the 24th of this month but the deadline has been extended. By 10th October, 2016, the Hima Mylliem will complete this phase.
According to Bah Nongphlang, in the last 20 years, the government has had to move from time to time to shu wai and this has caused problems to the people of the area.
Commentators explain that the original-language word translated “prosperous” means “a healthy life, a peaceful life, a life in which agriculture is good, rain falls time and the four seasons follow without interruption and the income and income of the people is sufficient from all sides.
Dabit Nianglang, son of Rana Mawsor and Thekjei Nianglang from Nongdaju, is a man who has fulfilled all the requirements for the sacrifice before becoming a Christian.
“As the opposition parties, we will meet together to discuss how to bring the issues to the Assembly,” said Bah Ronnie.
Suchiang said that the Lukha Festival was first held in 2019, could be held in 2020 and due to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021 and 2022, it could not be held. STEDS is now ready to hold this festival.
“In the beginning was the WORD and the WORD was with GOD and the WORD was GOD and the WORD was GOD.HE WAS IN THE NIST WITH GOD”.
The death toll has risen to 2,42,3
Sabahmuswang SC and Ladthadlaboh SC won the Under-17 Independence Day Cup tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
Since 2014, when the political wing of the Sangh Parivar known as the BJP came to power in the country, the primary goal has been to return Secular India to Hindu fundamentalism. state, to persecute the Muslim and Christian populations through the policy known as “Ghar Wapsi”.
However, the policeman was stabbed in the head and the robbers attacked him and managed to escape outside the gate.
I pray for them to accept what has been said to them.
The court also sought a report from the government on the authorization of these buildings and this was after the District Council had informed that it may not be the Dorbar Shnongs who have given permission to all three buildings. The construction of the road along the Umiam River after the permission of the vehicle dealerships on the other side of the road from the Umiam River.
:Today, 14th November 2023, the Committee on Safety and Cleanliness of Ïewduh of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) held its first meeting to find ways and means to improve the quality of Ïewduh. the morning in the Jews under the jurisdiction of the council.
It is our duty as the people of God to speak, to learn from time to time, as we walk through this life, especially in this year which has shaken the world; even until we can no longer worship in the places where we should worship, but even so God who planned from eternity has already said that the time will come when we will worship Him in spirit and in truth, because God long You Spirit.
What is freedom, independence, justice? Why does a righteous man have to buy freedom or bail? Why do you make only laws that make children, pleaders, judges, police and corrupt businessmen, politicians, bureaucrats? , engineers, technicians, architects etc etc)?MLA, why have you become like a tyngshop and a ksiang of the devils? The LAND TENURE ACT or the LAND TENURE SYSTEM of this matrilineal custom is 4-PHUT SHANE AND 4-PHUT SHATAI. Do you see that people have changed? MLA, what are you afraid of, why are you afraid? Isn't it because you are thinking only about your 2-lakh monthly salary and other corrupt schemes? MLA? MLA, you have a lot of land in the villages and townships. If the land agents and Zamindari ask you for fifty thousand tyngka (Rs.50,000/-) per foot, you will buy it! that place because you get money like a little bit, while the people of your own nation are stupid, they are turning into foreigners in your own country, even though they are the children of the owners. year.
Sangma said both of them are in good health, although they have symptoms of covid-1
It was observed that the road on all sides is bad and full of potholes because it has not been maintained.
According to the article, the form is a violation of the rights of the indigenous people under the Constitution of India and also the Sixth Schedule, which states that the land, shyiap, stones and All the land belongs to the people of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
The theme of the tournament was “Suhsieng Ka LongKhasi in the Youth of the Country”. The tournament started with a thanksgiving speech by Rgh Shembok Nongpluh President of Sengkhasi Ribhoi Pyllun followed by the flag raising ceremony by J.Kharshohnoh. .
RESULTS OF THE RUN FOR DEMOCRACY ON NATIONAL VOTER’S DAY 2019 District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
However, the school authorities said that the classes yesterday should be paid for by those who had already taken leave earlier during the improvement of the school and the road, not because of the lack of funds. The class which started at 9 pm, but the KSU members came to cancel it at 11 pm.
These two go hand in hand because they are the same things that come from the same nature of human beings.
All the injured were taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
And where there are many shops, most of them are Muslims.
Experts including Lah Sumer explained on cleanliness, Romsing Pohktai on environment and benefits, Barister Riahtham on tourism.
There is also the AICTE-Swanath Scholarship Scheme (Degree & Diploma) where applicants must be children or one of the parents or both parents have died of Covid 19 or children of Armed Forces and Central Paramilitary Force who died in combat and whose income should not exceed Rs 8.0 lakh per year apply along with an Income Certificate issued by the recognized authorities.
It is a very beautiful valley and attracts a lot of tourists, especially during the rainy season.
Such people have eyes but do not see and ears but do not hear.
After this Holy Eucharist, Ms. Banisha Khongsni came forward to express the miraculous work of God which she received through the intercession of this humble and faithful servant of St. Don Bosco.
“If we look at the families, it cannot be said that the sons are the strongest pillars to build the family in terms of income, farming and farming while the sons are the strongest pillars in the family. they are still in slavery and have not gone to anyone's house.
Shillong: Two men in the Datsun of the Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngkhat, number ML 05 T 7892, have not been found till this morning. Two persons, including Bah Seibor Jaktung, Rangbah Shnong Wahlyngkhat and Bah June Khongjirem, fell into the river when the vehicle they were riding in collapsed. , last night, the vehicle of Bah Seibor, tried to overtake a bus, which was passing in front.
Those who attended the function included Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, RM Kurbah IAS, Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi, Bah B. Syiem, Director of Horticulture, Kong S. Nongbet, Director of Horticulture; Paiem Wanphrang Syiem, Sordar of Nongpoh Elaka, other senior government officials, village leaders and many others.
Therefore, while the Act is not in force, the Status Quo Order of the Meghalaya High Court on the land dealers stands and protects the land dealers,” said the statement.
If you find that you don't have the necessary documents, you will take a strong decision to remove these mynder, according to a statement from the President of the District Samla Moonstar Nongrem.
After the flag raising ceremony, the youths had the opportunity to visit the Christian families in Barato village to meet and pray with the believers of the church in this village.
Football has already reached the quarter-finals of the tournament while four others have qualified through the Wild Card.
Those who joined the party are GSU South Garo Hills President Salman D Sangma, Rockey Marak and others.
The court today ordered the four HYC leaders and Bah Adelbert Nongrum to pay T.5000 each to the MSLSA. previously on May 19, 2016.
Everyone is advised not to click on any link in SMS, e-mail, Facebook, Instagram, Whatsapp and others if they are not sure where the link came from.
“The meeting is very important because we will discuss the preparations for the MP and MDC elections,” said Dr Jemino. If there is any objection on the grounds, the party has to decide”.
If you don't have a umsaw, you can't rat it.
He said that just taking pictures with someone does not mean that he is involved in any activity and asked whether the name of Conrad Sangma is on the case.
Non-NFSA 7.215 kilograms per card at the price of 13 tyngka per kilogram.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the Expert Committee will look into the matter.
It is true that there have been proposals to build power projects in the state but the government will consider but the question is whether private companies have proposed to build power projects whether it is thermal, hydel or solar and others want the government to buy all the electricity they produce and this will create a big problem.
Then try to improve yourself first.
This came after Royal Pole Mihmyntdu beat Nangbah Khlopanoo 3-1 and Mulang Ïalong beat Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu 2-0 on Tuesday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Ladthadlaboh. Jowai.
In another match, Nongstoin College beat KL Bajoria College 4-3
xix) The Mulakat program is a program where younger writers can discuss and read their writings.
The truth of God's Word is brighter than the sun, and the sun never sets.
On the other hand, the Garo Hills Youth Organization (AWYO) has expressed its concern over the government's decision to open markets in the rural areas. Many of the markets especially in the border areas are close to Assam and most of the vendors come from Assam.
Following the request of the Chief Executive Officer of Hockey India for the extension of the agreement, OMC Ltd has sought ways and means to get the approval once again from the Cabinet which has received the agreement. and the government and where the OMC has now committed itself for its support to the two sports teams of the country from this year until July 2033 with a grant of T.434.12 crore ( excluding applicable taxes) will be released by the OMC to Hockey India in the near future of this year.
Regarding the archery, there were 42 participants from the youngest to the oldest, who were happy to experience shooting with these modern archery and ryntieh.
“It is a pleasure if we can provide jobs to the people,” said Mukul and added that the people should join hands to work with the government to do good work. .
Perhaps the intention and goal is good, but the manner of management, as everyone saw on the day of examination at NEHU, is wrong.
In another source, it was reported that the group that wanted to overthrow Dr Mukul Sangma, admitted that there were about 16 members.
From the shop of Ms Badawanhun, the robbers stole goods worth T.20,000 and from the shop of Ms Khongbuh, they stole goods worth T.1 thousand dollars.
On the part of KL Pariat, he expressed his gratitude to the district administration especially to the DC Garod LSN Dykes for taking the initiative to send an inspection of the Myntdu River and hoped that all the good intentions for the protection of the Myntdu River will succeed. .
He congratulated all those who have taken part in the development of IIM Shillong since its inception.
But he would have learned to market love—it’s a business opportunity.
In this case, they send other people or wealthy people to deposit money in these accounts which they have set up themselves so that they can withdraw easily.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the construction of this road will relieve the traffic jam on the National Highway and has helped the passengers to reach their destinations quickly. but through the deterioration of this bridge, it will cause problems to the people who used to use this new road.
The PCU has taken the initiative to conduct an inspection of the factory after based on the reports received from the CAG, which pointed out many shortcomings and calls in its operation.
Police have seized a Maruti Alto Car (ML05K 0314) and four mobile phones.
The Secretary of the church, Zaitinkhuma, said that the funeral of Ziona had to be postponed because she had started to breathe again after it was announced that she had died on Sunday. Blei is not late.
At the same time, he said that the electricity supply is adequate now and it has decided to reduce the power outage to 2 hours in the city while in other places it will be 3 hours. more hours because there is manufacturing of damage.
She strongly condemned the incident and expressed her condolences to the families of the victims.
East Shillong MLA Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh today visited the scene to inspect the incident and also held a meeting with the SP of the district and SP (City) Bah Vivek. Syiem in the presence of MDC Laitumkhrah-Malki Bah Fantin Lakadong.
Ham Myllin Phawa of Jowai Government UP RMSA won the title of Best Athlete in the Under-14 girls category after winning one gold and one silver medal in the 600m and 60mm respectively.
The BJP has strongly opposed the Congress election campaign, saying it is a ploy by the Italians and aims to destroy the uniqueness of Vadodara. Vijay Shah, President of the BJP, said in Vadodara.
As we know, our country is also rich in endemic plants or plants that are found only in those areas.
The number of stays in large hotels like Vivanta, Mariot, Ri Kynjai has reached 1269, while the number of stays in medium hotels like Poinisuk, M Crown, Tripura Castle and others has reached 15205 thousand. The number of people staying in guest houses and home stays has reached 6,5
BDO Shella-Bhologanj C&RD Block Bah L.Kynjing who is also the Chief Guest, officers from the Soil & Water Conservation Department and teachers who are still in training were also present. at the Training Centre.
She was treated at the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) where she underwent a total laparoscopic hysterectomy with fluorescence imaging technique for sentinel lymph node (SLN) mapping using indocyanine green (ICG) with 4K camera platform.
Custom: In the Khasi custom, the prayer, the phirat and the kyrpad to the Lord God is to the rangbah.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: A petrol bomb has been detonated at the residence of Bah Michael Pakyntein at Bishop Falls, Shillong at 2 pm today.
“It will be like in 2004, when there will be no government to rule alone, but the government of Manmohan Singh will rule for 10 years (at that time),” he said.
It is learned that the curfew has worked well in small towns like Nongstoiñ, Nongpoh and Sohra where members of the Sengbhalang have prevented government employees from going to work. In Pynursla, government employees have been banned from going to their offices but there has been no ban on the residents of neighboring villages to sell and buy or open shops inside the village. village.
The appeals, thus, raise the questionof interpretation of paragraph 19 (1) (b) and the scope and extent of the power of the Governor thereunder.
Set rules and set aside time for what you should do and do whatever makes you happy, this will help relieve stress by doing so will relieve your blood pressure.
That was on the first night of India's Independence Day on 14-15 August
Referring to these colleges, Prestone expressed his gratitude to the teachers, who have been teaching for more than 12 years.
Therefore, our Shad Suk Mynsiem is also a reminder to become more intelligent and to open the key, through education, research, Khasi-Khara, and the light of the sun, the right of Longtrai to escape from the darkness.
The meeting began with a prayer by one of the women of Sawmer Shiteng, P.Nongtraw.
The JSM has demanded that the Minister of Social Welfare should cancel the order of the CDPO and immediately cancel the interview scheduled for the 17th of this month.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has decided not to allow foreign players to play in the Ranji Trophy for the 2023-24 season. However, this time in the first match of the tournament, the players from the state will compete in the tournament.
“I have always told the people that HITO and HYC are not NGOs but civil society organizations,” said Bah Dkhar.
Furthermore, as the chief guest, he said that it is easy to destroy any work or service by one person, but it is difficult to build it alone.
Therefore, the union through this statement, requests the State Government and also the MJACCV to resolve these issues so that it will not cause problems to the teachers and they will be able to write. Aristotle C Rymbai, President of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association, said in a statement.
She said that the Om relating to the allocation for the disabled which was issued in 2020 has been canceled and a new OM has been issued on July 14 to come into force.
Niak said the Election Commission has not yet determined the vulnerable and vulnerable constituencies.
The KSU said that there is no religious difference but it should not be disrespectful to the environment.
“Because there has been no consensus at any meeting of Ministers and there are always doubts, and so on. Media around the world have expressed doubts about the outcome of the meeting held by New Delhi recently.
The meeting was held at the Conference Hall of the Soil & Water Conservation Office, Mihmyntdu, Jowai. The meeting was chaired by Sutnga Saipung MLA, Santa Mary Shylla. Miani D. Shira, Bah Adelbert Nongrum and Mathew Beyondstar Kurbah.
This Reservation Policy is not a national policy.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Titos said that from the Sixth Schedule there are laws that the Council implements to prevent the infiltration of foreigners into Ri-Khasi under the jurisdiction of KHADC. Bah Titos said that the beginning of the illegal entry of foreigners was first when they came as laborers who came to work at low prices, but later only a few. They became masters through their opportunity to marry Khasi women.
Bhubaneswar: U Haribandhu Kahanr today was fined T.47,500 for violating the Driving Act.
The total number of cases has now reached 22,68,676, 6,39,929 are still undergoing treatment and 15,83,490 have recovered. Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India.
They are the brave men, men and pioneers who have been able to promote literacy and knowledge in our country at that time when literacy and knowledge had not developed. faithfully as it is now.
The last season of the 131st edition of the tournament saw India's legendary footballer Sunil Chhetri lead the team to win the Durand Trophy for the first time in Bengaluru FC beat Mumbai City FC 2-1 in the final of the Vivekananda Yuba Bharati Krirangan (VYBK) Stadium in Kolkata.
Lajong will now prepare to face Indian Arrow on the 5th away from home in Cuttack.
In Shillong, appointment letters were handed over to more than 293 youths from the Department of Post, Food Corporation of India, Ministry of Health & Family Welfare, Ministry of Education and Ministry of Defence. .
Also present on the occasion were Tikrikilla MLA Jimmy D. Sangma, Phulbari MLA SG Esmatur Mominin, Co-Chairman of the State Planning Board Limison D. Sangma and others.
As part of the celebration, the party flags were hoisted at the party office in the city by the President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie in the presence of party office bearers.
The clear statement from the party is that if anyone acts silently and against the demands of the party which is the voice of the people, they will have to take responsibility if anything happens to them. The Publicity Secretary of the party, Samla Synshar Malngiang, said in a statement.
Speaking to Kynjatshaiu, Bah Ronnie said that the High Court's order on the roster system has been sent to the Legislative and Executive for consideration. .
Wailadmiki Shylla congratulated his fellow opponents and called on them to come together for the people and called on the political parties who have been criticizing and helping him to win and forget the election.
“These works will now be looked after by the Engineering Wing and last year we decided to allocate funds and raise funds under the supervision of the Superintendents of Police and Deputy Commissioners in each district so that they can use the funds immediately for the maintenance of buildings at the District Level,” he said.
Banks and post offices may remain open until 4 pm and post offices until 2 pm.
At the meeting held at the Conference hall of the DC's office, some candidates took part and arrived on time, but other candidates did not attend by themselves but sent their their election agents to participate.
However, when the NEIFCC requested to reopen the church by requesting the Chief Minister, the government said to wait first because the Covid-19 pandemic is still spreading every day.
It may be recalled that in 2012, the party had demanded from the government through the office of the Deputy Commissioner to conduct an independent inquiry, but the government has not done so.
In terms of districts, the highest number of POCSO cases were filed in East Khasi Hills with 709 cases, which accounts for 28% of the total number of POCSO cases in the state. South Garo Hills has the lowest number of complaints with 64 which is only 2%.
Duia said that they had applied for the post of River Rafting Quide Cum Life Guard Level Four, but they did not go to accept the post, because it was on the salary, they offered him T.30,000/-. Ialamphrang Lyngdoh was paid T.25,000/- for the same job.
Biren Singh has not received any order from the Delhi leaders to step down but this decision came after the Prime Minister was upset over the women's protest on 29th July. in Imphal.
He is also a lover of music, where he has been a member of the Mojo and Great Society bands.
“Now at Pynursla CHC, a cow has entered the health center and this shows the condition of the health centers in the area,” he said. Youth development and employment by finding ways and means to find skilled people to train youth to set up jobs with the support of banks and lending institutions.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Sonowal congratulated NEIAH for gaining the trust of the people of Meghalaya in the delivery of health services through AYUSH. Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the development of AYUSH healthcare. He said that under the leadership and vision of PM Modi, AYUSH healthcare has grown rapidly and become famous all over the world. .
“When the government says that it has fulfilled the promises of the people, it cannot admit that it has fulfilled all because it appears that it has fulfilled only in a few places,” said Dr Don. the amendment on the speech of the Governor.
Shortly afterwards, when he was brought here, Kmie u Hep followed him to continue talking about the matter.
Then, when the meeting was over, I and some of my friends went back to Laitumkhrah.
Rupang has visited the market to inquire about the price of piat where all the shops selling piat of the khar kaia said that the price of piat is T. 65 tyngka per kilo and this price is generally low or high while the price of piat lieh is T.50 per kilo.
Archbishop Dominic Jala, Head of the Archdiocese of Shillong, has passed away in a car accident in California, USA on the 11th of this month. October 23, 2019.
Shillong, July 30: U Minister of State for Urban Affairs, Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh, has slammed the BJP government for refusing to set up an inquiry into the allegation that former Governor V Shanmuganathan raped a young woman. “If our own people try to protect us, if others do it,” said Bah Ronie.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today announced that the District Administration has arranged special vehicles for the people who wish to take part in the celebration of Independence Day. on the 15th of this month at the 2nd Ground, Polo Shillong.
That is why God destroyed these two great cities.
He said the issuance of permits is for the convenience of the rural people and to provide employment to them but not to overcrowd the city.
Khimsniang SC won their last Group A match against Hills United Cricket Club by six wickets but failed to qualify for the semifinals by net run rate. Cricket Association (AJCA).
Nongspung continued to play strongly and in the 54th minute they scored the third goal through Firstbornson Syiemlieh.
In the individual and Best Athletes category, Damewanshwa Marngar of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat and Ibandariakor Nongsiej of Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat won the 14th Athlete prize. Syiemlieh of Rising Secondary School, Sohkhyllam and Latympang Lyngdoh Marshillong of Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat, while Batskhemlang Thongni Rit of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat and Lavinia Lyngkhoi of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat for children under 18 years of age.
He also appealed to the village authorities, civil society and religious leaders to join hands in the fight against Covid-1
Shillong, June 17 : The Indo-Nepal Friendship Treaty should be reviewed in Meghalaya because of the Nepalis living in the villages of the people of Hynniewtrep. Block I and Block II are the sources of income for the Khasi-Pnar people.
“The government will allocate funds for this and will take from the revenue from coal and other sources for environmental protection,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 26: The KSU Iooksi Unit on Tuesday met face to face with the AEE, MeECL Khliehriat Distribution Division, along with a letter, to complain about the lack of electricity in Iooksi villages. , Water tree.
Earlier, Bah Samlin said that among the national parties, only the HSPDP is 50 years old and the oldest to lead the nation.
The intellectuals should replace the MLAs and MDCs from time to time to see who is better able to bring about development.
Subir Marak, Registrar, CWSSU, Heads of Schools, Officers of South West Garo Hills and Nokma and the public They also attended the opening ceremony of the State University.
The second is the desire for power and the third is the desire for honor.
There is also a Unity Mall worth Rs 220 crore.
Through agriculture, we were able to support ourselves throughout the year.
Earlier, at about 10 pm, police found these two children from Lawkati forest in Nongrah Nonglum village.
This person is the Riewkai.
On the other hand, the President of the Longkmie Seng, Kong S Lyngdoh, said that the VDPs of the village have tried to eradicate the evils in the village but Banisha has been coming from time to time. the village and the village should take strong action against that person.
Mawkynrew Block will be held from 7th to 9th October, Mawryngkneng Block will be held from 13th to 15th October, Pynursla Block will be held from 18th to 20th October, Mawsynram from 20th to 22nd October. Mawphlang Block from 21st to 23rd, Mylliem from 28th to 30th and Khatarshnong Block from 28th to 30th October.
MLP scored one goal while Laitkyrhong failed to turn the tide until the end of the minute.
The seed is then broadcast on a soft hand containing water that covers it about an inch deep.
RL Blah said that the Dorbar Shnongs have helped the government to set up and provide quarantine facilities especially for the youths who have returned from other states of India.
The UDP, which won six MDCs, now has only four MDCs including one who did not attend the dorbar (Equator) who is not yet known whether he will remain with the party or leave.
They were rushed to Kharkutta PHC but when they arrived at the hospital, the Medical Officer said that they had died before reaching the PHC. GHP Raju said that the SP of NGH has ordered the Addl.SP and SI GM Momin who is the O/C of Mendipathar PS to leave for Kharkutta to take the necessary action. .
Jesus shall not come again alone, but with the voice of the archangel, and with the trumpet of God" (1 Thessalonians 4:16).
This is the view of the people on the involvement of the Village Authorities in politics or in campaigning for any candidate.
“We have lived with the Garo people for more than 51 years and I believe that we have an understanding between the two communities to bring about a change in the Reservation Policy which can be accepted by all the people in Meghalaya” don't say.
'If it is the drivers who come from the state or who used to pass through this road, it can cause them harm at any time, especially during the rainy season. vehicles and vehicles may fall and be thrown into these holes as if they had been shrip'
The program was held at the Dorbar Hall of the village.
This is a sad thing for the farmers where their long-standing dreams have not come true.
He said the Act East Policy of the Government of India should be to develop the region, but as Meghalaya borders with Bangladesh where it can take advantage to develop trade, but not. we must not forget to prevent the migration of people.
The injured were taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment. The injured were taken to Shillong for further investigation. you are still playing chess.
German leaders include CDU/CSU Parliamentary Group MP Florian Muller and Dr Adrian Haack, Resident Representative to India of Konrad-Adenauer-Stiffung, New Delhi.
He said that the Council will go to talk to the Governor because this order of the government will have a conflict between the provisions of the Constitution empowering the District Council and the provisions empowering the District Council. state government.
In the second match, Sunriser XI beat Mawkyrwat Area Veteran Club 2-2
According to information received, the gate was handed over to a man named Joflin Marbaniang from Mawlai Umthlong in November this year.
“Kan bang ruh...” added Bahnah. Riia ate the food and so they ate.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Government under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma should be commended for finding ways and means and taking the initiative to implement the Rs 39 crore Riverfront Development Project to clean up the Umkhrah River.
On this occasion, Ma Wailadmiki as the chief guest unveiled the logo of the 50th Anniversary of WJDSA in the presence of Ma EMH Passah, Working President of WJDSA, Ma Lammat OO Laloo, Ma Khroobok Passah DSO, West Jaintia Hills, Founder. WJDSA member SK Lato, MDC North Brighstar Chyrmang, Octomewot Lamin and others.
Shillong, Lber 06 : The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday announced that the party that will lead the new government will be known as the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-2 you will be my chairman.
He told the crowd that they should not allow their children to fall into sinful lives, that they should not drink alcohol, that they should not be drunk, because the evil one teaches, with teachings, which are very destructive and corrupt the life of every man.
The statement did not say whether the meeting was a meeting to discuss the ILP, but the clear answer will be on Saturday whether the meeting will be a major decision to protest against the ILP. .
At the end of the day, Das managed to make friends with Gurung who was still scoring five runs on the first day and the team hopes that these two friends will reach the total of Manipur the next day.
In Umroi constituency, Mangkara's name has sounded good as the PDF candidate in 2018 and Mangkara is a close follower of an MLA who will become the leader of the PDF. PDF, said the MLA of Jirang.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The President of the Congress Committee (MPCC) Vincent H. Pala on Tuesday said that the reports of the intention of the former Congress MLA from Sohiong to join the party, Bah Vincent H. Pala, have been rejected. Donkupar Roy Lyngdoh has been elected to the United Democratic Party (UDP).
Shylla led the Executive Members who met Prestone today to urge the government to expedite the sending of the Bills to the Governor's Office for approval.
The festival will be inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma at the Polo Ground 5th (Dalang).
Other speakers stressed on the importance of following ambulances or VIP vehicles during traffic jams and said that following ambulances and VIP vehicles is a threat to other drivers especially those coming from the countryside. opposite in the street.
The competition was organized by YHAI to celebrate the Founders' Day.
There are 14 recoveries from the disease.
We will determine how to win the elections,” said Ernest.
It is worth mentioning that the Sur ka Bri u Hynniewtrep, has lodged a demand with the police department, that the police should not be sent to patrol from the 12th to the 15th of July in Mawlai.
Speaking to media, at a meeting to explain the need for the vaccine, he said that if the state does not have a single case of Covid-19 at that time, the state will be able to to say that the state has been freed from this disease.
These farmers have been invited by the BJP to come out to show their strong opposition to the government.
Organized by the Seinraij Niamtre group, during his visit to the area, it showcased the richness of culture of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
“We don't know what happened to the MRSSA,” said Lambokstarwell Marngar.
At the same time, he said that 10 district mandals have been set up across the state with 13 and 48 mandals in the state. There are 60 constituencies in the state.
Shillong, July 19: The demand for independence in the Khasi Jaintia State and the proposal to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) ) are two of the 15 issues proposed by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), which the Seng feels are the two most important to protect the rights and freedoms of the children of Bri U Ninth Trep.
He said that what is needed is that all development projects should not be blocked whether they are from Meghalaya or Assam.
In Egypt, the Israelites were slaves for 430 years.
“I didn't think I would marry this man, but I have a lot of self-pity,” said Jaya.
“Bernard Marak has understood to be summoned to appear before the party because he could not provide the list of party office bearers,” said Bah Shibun. hi to the party.
With righteousness and wisdom they should take responsibility to fight against injustice, violence and corruption by private individuals or political parties against the people and the minorities.
She also urged the farmers who are trying to cultivate and research on the importance of this crop for health and also to improve the cultivation of this crop.
In the past few days, a letter demanding money from some members of the HNLC signed by Synshar Khymdeit has been circulated.
The program started at 6 pm with the SP of West Khasi Hills District Bikram D. Marak, in the presence of Kong B. Syiem, DSO Nongstoiñ and other government officials. he raised the flag to open the cycling and running competition.
Also present on the occasion were Dr. Anisha Mawlong, Specialist, HOD Radiation Oncology, Dr. WB Langstieh, HOD Pathology, Senior Health Officers and Civil Doctors. Hospital.
Ronnie V. Lyngdoh, MLA/MDC of the constituency in his speech, said that 75% of the population in India are young people under the age of 35 years.
Afterwards, he tried to eat and drink those herbs, and he was healed.
Shillong, July 04 : Former Mawlai MLA, Bah PT Sawkmie on Tuesday urged the District Administration of East Khasi Hills District to reconsider the decision to implement the Odd and Even number system. Commercial vehicles passing through the two largest market areas in the state, Khyndailad and Motphran.
Somy Ali's career in films has been unexpected.
Leilongspah (Thlen) is powerful and his words are powerful and strong, "I will earn with Longspah and I will eat with Longbriew"
She said that she will investigate whether there was no doctor at the time of the injured youth.
(1) The repeal of sub-para (2) of Para 20 of the Sixth Schedule whereby the erstwhile Khasi States which do not fall within the boundaries of the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills District.
In Shillong, no casualties have been reported at the time of writing.
Then I heard another low-pitched explosion which started like the explosion of a car silencer and I saw the smoke coming out slowly. to another stream, here she stood longer and was still drawing water from that stream and she was lying in the lyhuh, it was here that we saw clearly her appearance, which looked like a KHOH( kaba tap pyllup) is the combination of the niut ki nier that has made us unrecognizable because of its rapid dance.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat together with two Executive Members (EMs) have met with the Governor to demand an increase in the revenue collection of the council from land resources. The district council has been in trouble especially during the lockdown.
Mooshahary will leave Raj Bhavan on 6th November.
He said that the government through the sports department has decided to clean the synthetic athletic track inside the Kiang Nangbah Stadium under the Khelo India scheme in collaboration with the WJDSA and the work is now underway. forward.
We never want to forget him.
With the opportunity to transition from fossil fuels to renewable energy sources, we can hope for an economy of $9 trillion before 2031-32 which amounts to $40 trillion before 2047, ha which will be among the top three in the world in terms of foreign exchange and not just in terms of PPP figures. What should we do to reach the 2047 target? R. Jagannathan and Ashish Chandorkar wrote in Swarajya what we should look at.
In 1951, the area of ​​the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District was reduced by removing from it the part called Block I and Block II during the tenure of Chief Minister Bishnuram Medhi in Assam.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms Philarikynti Pde, one of the members of the RBTEDF, said that the group is working hard to promote and promote many tourist attractions in Ri-Bhoi District, to preserve the fire. to provide training to the public to preserve and care for the environment especially to promote tourism in the district in collaboration with the government authorities. Department of Tourism.
Speakers on the occasion, urged the new leaders of the RBYF Byrnihat Circle, to cooperate with the people, in order to look after the welfare and also to bring about the peace and harmony within the area.
“We expect that under the leadership of Bah Metbah as the supreme leader of the party we will see him in office as the Chief Minister of our state,” said Bah Embhah.
Bah Charles Marngar, said that according to the findings of the inspection, it was found that in these hospitals, the water supply is not sufficient, where if it is during the rainy season, the staff in the area, have to to use red water.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Alfred Lyngdoh, said that the reason why the union has raided these places where foreigners work, is after seeing the independence of foreigners. They don't know where they are from, but they come to work in this area.
For more information, please contact Rev. Bidonbok Syiem, Director Urban Mission, T.Bn.
The parking arrangement for the vehicles coming for the Bishop's Mass is that those coming from East & West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi district will have to enter from Lad-Deinthare to enter Moodymmai.
Trains were blocked between Guwahati and Dibrugarh, but the GRP police went to disperse the crowd and after that, they started operating trains in the area. .
Birbor also set a deadline of 5 days for them to submit their books to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma. So far, 4 and 5 people have submitted their books. He said that if the government authorities continue to do this, it will increase the awareness of the teachers and one day, even if they violate the 144th rule, they will not be able to stop. On this day, about 50 teachers have decided to strike again and there are those who will continue to strike on this day. On the other hand, the president said that now there will be a mass protest and hunger strike until the fruits of victory are reaped.
People are neither property nor slaves.
The most shocking thing is that this disease has caused a lot of suffering to the poor who live by earning in the morning and eating at night.
Explaining on the loss of revenue by the state from the reduction in VAT in the past months, the Chief Minister said, “After we have reduced the tax presentation, the revenue collection has increased. Compared to last year, it is only T.400 crore and it has lost up to T.100 crore from our revenue collection so it is not easy for us to take a decision. to reduce VAT".
Sumer said that the passing away of Heimonmiki L.Tariang has been a great loss and sorrow not only to his family but also to the community, the village and The Jaitbynriew as a whole because he is one of the young men who serves for the welfare of the people.
'The HNLC once again opens the door for those youths who have a concern for the Hynniewtrep people to join the HNLC' Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Sengdilberth Marak has killed his wife Annoritha Arengh on Monday at Chibongga village in North Garo Hills district.
This day will last and will be a great day for the whole nation.
PPSP uses pump storage technology to generate electricity during peak demand and can also be used during low demand.
After failing to reach an agreement at a meeting convened by the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma yesterday, the Sengbhalang has declared a 12 hour curfew on Monday from 5 pm to 5 pm. to force the state government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
Referring to the implementation of the MRSSA, Ardent acknowledged that no government can curb the infiltration of foreigners by one law alone but by implementing another law. other laws that are relevant today on this.
This is just a small example of the corruption scandal that has become a real threat to the country and the nation.
The Shillong Times is celebrating its 75th Anniversary this year by urging the people of the state, especially the residents of Shillong, to keep the environment clean and especially to The city of Shillong is clean.
He said that the leaders and members of the party should understand clearly that the love of the nation is that everyone should have a perfect mindset, because these days there are two parts. he is a patriot and a foreigner.
The government will ensure that the relief items donated will reach the victims in the flood-hit areas, he said.
It is forbidden to kill the enemy with the sword, tongjar, dung proh and others during the river.
Ambulances and public vehicles heading to Guwahati and some heading to Lingsuiñ Station have been stopped on the road. Vehicles of paid supporters of candidates from 5 constituencies of Ri Bhoi District.
(Proverbs 29: 2) “Where there is no revelation the people forsake the law: but he that keepeth the law, happy is he” (Proverbs 29:18).
The No-Entry road has been signed on the Mylliem Hima Road for those coming from Mawkhar to Mylliem Hima who intend to go to Wahingdoh.
Shillong: The BSF, after receiving a tip, today seized clothes worth T.22 lakh, which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
In this regard, the union will take action to meet with the government authorities to demand that a proper road should be provided in these three villages, so that the people can escape from the problem. in the leit and wan, the kit and the bah.
“As the club management, we are not satisfied with the management of the Meghalaya Football Association because it has been done on its own, without inviting the club management to discuss before taking a decision,” he said. added.
The incident happened at Raitong village, which falls under Umsohlait Police Station.
However, he understands this church because inside this church there is something evil that is against the will of God.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Police of West Garo Hills today patrolled in their Gypsy on the road from Rongram to Dadengre. On the way, a bomb planted by GNLA militants exploded while they were reaching Tebronggre, near Rongram, about 18 kilometers from Tura.
Shillong: A SOT policeman has been shot dead by those who went to worship near the residence of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, before reaching Polo.
Bah Massar, who is one of the musicians, also demanded that compensation should be paid for his medical expenses.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 04: As a precautionary measure during the elections to avoid any smuggling of money and especially counterfeit currency and after receiving accurate information that there are two groups of people who intend to exchange counterfeit Indian currency (Fake Indian Currency Notes) Police of Ri-Bhoi District under the leadership of Bah B Diengngan DSP Crime last night conducted a raid in Umsning area to arrest these suspects.
In Assam, the BJP will contest in 11 out of 14 constituencies.
He attended Government High School, Ampati and graduated in 1982 and on 23rd July 1982, he received a certificate of his ethnicity.
Shillong: There have been 52 new cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya today, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, today said.
There are 26 PHCs and 8 CHCs in East Khasi Hills.
Speaking on the allegation that the AITC is a Bengali party, Mamata said this is just an attempt to mislead the people.
He said that the problem faced by the hospital is the lack of space and at present the hospital has only 80 beds and if the disease continues to increase it will cause problems.
How many more youths have had to cry because of the loss of the opportunity to go to higher education even though they have come ahead of others.
Not only that, but in the past months and years, we have witnessed that even the MHA of the Central Government has come to challenge the Bills of the ADCs and this has been proved through the VAB issue.
LSN Dykes on Monday lifted the micro containment order in four houses in Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Jowai.
Shillong, Naitung 31: A workshop on how to prevent earthquakes and other natural disasters was held today in the city.
In a tweet, the Chief Minister said, “It is a pleasure to participate in the EU-India Global Gateway Conference in Shillong.
The Minister explained to the Minister of Home Affairs the basis of the VAB after the powers of the Village Authorities were stripped in the Kashari High Court where the Rangbah Shnongs can no longer give syrnot to the residents.
Three Co-Chairmen of the Meghalaya State Planning Board including former Songsak MLA Nihim D Shira and two others were also appointed; we, Bah Donkupar War and Babeth Sangma.
Police from Nongpoh Police Station have taken the body and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, Chairman of RBTEDF, said that there will also be many programs from music, dance and other traditional activities. There will be a DJ in the evening. There will be a DJ in the evening.
The basic point here is the hygiene of the vendors.
We must ensure that if we come to power we will achieve what the people of Meghalaya deserve to see,” he said.
In the Under-17 boys' category, East Khasi beat Ri-Bhoi 2-0
The school building was constructed under the SAG Scheme of JHADC for the year 2020-2021 at a cost of 5 lakh tyngka.
God began to command things, and it was so.
He said that these religious shit have also damaged the grotto of the church.
Kerot Phawa scored two goals (38, 66) while Atal Shylla (32) and Denies Lyngdoh (80+1) scored two goals.
The JAC includes the AJHTA and the MPLU.
He said that TVWPS wants the tourism department to introduce and recognize the Amur Falcon Festival as a State Festival. tourists from other places especially those from abroad because at present tourists from all over the world come to see these birds.
“Our people are very polite when they enter the park but the good news is that the people who come from outside the state are more polite and respect the rules when they enter the park,” he said. one of the forest officials in charge of the park.
The Dorbar Shnong Sonapyrdi, East Jaintia Hills on Friday elected new Village Officers for the term 2022-2
Zone V is classified as a frequent earthquake zone.
The five arrested were identified as Elarin Sangma, Jespar Sangma, Jangjang Marak, Tesrang Sangma and Sukhar Marak, all in their 20s.
The objective is to vaccinate all children in the state to prevent diseases including diphtheria, polio, whooping cough, tetanus, tuberculosis, measles. Measles) and Hepatitis B. The program was launched today at Circuit House, Tura by Pravin Bakshi, Deputy Commissioner, Tura.
When inquired from the residents, they said that they had tied the head of the bseiñ iong baheh until it died.
In this regard, the NEHUSU group has met with the VC to demand punishment against Das, so that the rules of the university can be enforced.
Himachal Pradesh is the fourth state to report chicken pox and earlier cases were reported in Rajasthan, Kerala, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh.
On the other hand, the union has demanded that the department should take action against this otherwise it will take strong action.
“It is difficult to increase from 14 to 19 but keep in mind that for the 39th National Games we will have to hold up to 36 sports and we have only reached halfway,” said Bah John. He said that the MSOA is considering to hold the Meghalaya Games outside Shillong, such as in Garo Hills.
President of KSU.Narpuh Circle.
The day was enriched by the participation of 61 children in the march pass, songs and dances and drill.
“I have many friends from the UDP and other parties but it is not that I am against, I talk to my friends, I love them but it does not mean that in the elections I support them and I I'm against the party,” said Vincent Pala.
“When receiving those letters, Bah Shanbor expressed his gratitude and appreciation to Riewsaid.
“To mei” said the son. “Khadja lang noh mei” said the son. “Khadja lang noh mei” said the son. “It's Rs.1500/-,” Marchborn replied.
At the same time, he said that however, in order to bring peace between the Rabhas and Garo, the rulers of the Nonglang Sirdarship together with the rulers of the area, do not want to occupy the land. They arranged that the part of Joypur inhabited by the Rabhas should go to Assam.
The meeting was conducted by Bah YK Dewsaw, President RBCC and a short speech was delivered by Ms. Victorealness, in the presence of Bah Pynshngain.
He said that the issue of Sohra district will not be a problem either.
Police have also arrested three persons including the driver and follower of the bus for investigation under the NDPS Act.
During this distribution, the foodgrains were handed over to the Rangbah Shnongs to look after and distribute the foodgrains to those households who are eligible and entitled to receive them selected by the village.
The Waheh Shnongs of Ladthadlaboh and Tyndowapung immediately informed the health department, but they alleged that the health workers came without personal protective equipment to inspect the foreigner.
After the Holy Mass, a Souvenir was launched.
In Amlarem Constituency, Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA and Minister of State, has returned home with a victory after defeating the NPP candidate Stephanson Mukhim by only 57 votes.
“On our part, after the Budget Session, we intend to visit those villages which have been affected by traffic, agriculture, trade and others. and who are distracted by infrastructure," he said.
Shillong: The Paiem of the Khyrim Hima, Dr Balajied Sing Syiem, on Tuesday said that in the Shad Nongkrem or Shad Pomblang, only these women have been allowed to dance inside the Ïingsad Ïingsunon. other women who do not follow these ancient rules.
These two persons were shot dead and could not control themselves due to excessive drinking.
Nidamon said the issues to be discussed included the issue of the JAC which has protested against the increase in the transportation fee from the dewbilat factories.
Shillong: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) has held a public hearing to hear the approval of many churches regarding the mining of Star Cement Company. without any incident in Lumshnong on Saturday.
“With this placement on the cover of the magazine every day, 2.8 lakh passengers who use our airline will see Shillong and I am sure that it will make them want to know more about Shillong. about Shillong and to visit themselves.
The Secretary of the Sumo Association of Sohra, Bah EM Basaiawmoit, said that if the Sohra Sumo Association had not been informed in advance, the Sohra Sumo Association would not have left to work on that day. In order to avoid any disruption to the traffic, the Sumo drivers have taken their vehicles to work, but they have to sit in the middle of the road in the rain.
In East Khasi Hills, 74 cases, in Ri Bhoi District 11 cases including 7 cases from Armed Forces and 10 cases from civilians, 7 cases in South Garo Hills, 7 cases in West Garo Hills. There are 5 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 2 cases in West Khasi Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills. one.
Thanks also go to the Village Authorities of Jowai who have provided venues from time to time to hold such district or state tournaments to open the door for children and youth to play Badminton.
New Delhi, Nailur 19: The Cabinet of Ministers of the NDA Government on Monday approved the Women's Reservation Bill.
They also look forward to the arrival of development projects from Meghalaya so that when development projects come, the benefits will not only improve the income of the people, but will also be the pillars to protect the border. This village is located near the state of Assam.
Meanwhile, Hamas leaders claimed that an Israeli bomb last night killed the family of Hamas chief Mohammad Deif.
The seeds are sown in April-May in areas that will be flooded later.
Many say, “We believe,” but they walk blindly, even though they see, and the blind lead the blind, and both fall into the ditch, teaching doctrines of men and by tradition. legacy.
There have been 70 new cases of corona virus in Bangladesh's Sylhet Division today, bringing the total number of cases in the division to 9,3
In a statement, the MPUF Khliehriat Circle said that Daistong village, which falls under Nongkhlieh District, has been without electricity for more than a month and demanded from MePDCL to repair the electricity line. as soon as possible,.
The meeting also elected H. Biakzauva, Member of Parliament from Lawngtlai East Assembly Constituency, as the frontrunner to take over as the Speaker of the Mizoram Legislative Assembly.
To shout on the streets, 'Ong Em ia u Drok' once a year on the International Day against Drug Abuse is not appropriate because the fight against drugs must continue. 365 days so that the young men and women who have not yet fallen asleep can avoid this Iakjakor which enslaves the physical and especially the spiritual.
Defenders: Ngariyambam Abhijit, Mohammed Kaif, Yaipharemba Chingakham, Usham Thoungamba, Vumlenlal Hangshing, Chingtham Renin Singh, Karish Soram.
Before the Chief Minister's visit to the market, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh, visited the market.
“And now, after that ye have known God, or rather are known of God, how turn ye again to the weak and beggarly elements, whereunto ye desire again to be in bondage? do you want to become slaves again?” Galatians 4:9
Speeches were delivered by the Chief Guest, Symbud Chief Guest and Ma Sunday Manar, Officer Incharge of Jowai Police Station.
The three candidates are Rikmanchi M Sangma, Dianchidora N Sangma and Monica Singh.
When they had finished eating, they both ate, the mother and the son.
Sokon thought that the school fees have been too high for four children, three of his children and another brother.
He said that after completing his training in fish farming at ICAR Umïam, he has become very interested in fish farming.
Bah Lakadong expressed his gratitude to the CEM who has worked hard to bring about many things for the Council.
“The Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs know better and we support you and you are the ones who can get information on the situation in your villages,” he said. At this time, especially, they should not have any discrimination in terms of food and beverages and there are those who do not have ration cards.
It protects against eye diseases, skin infections and others.
Former Chief Economic Adviser to the Government of India, Arvind Subramanian, said that the figures on the cost of living in India are slightly lower and in Subramaniam's words, he said that there will be a terrible decline in income.
The district council was represented by Vijay Hansaria, Amit Kumar and Shaurya Sahay while the government was represented by Ranjan Mukherjee, SC Ghosh and S Bhowmick.
The celebration was filled with the unfurling of the tricolor Lama of the country in many houses, schools, Government offices and even commercial and private vehicles.
Finally, although the story of the film is shocking and painful to the viewers, there is a good news, that parents should forgive their children even if there is a case. that they have to give a strong warning.
The sound of sickness, the sound of crying, the sound of crying.
According to the NDSA schedule, the Super Division final will be held in two qualifiers where Nongpyndeng will face Rambrai. and others of these teams who win will qualify for the final.
“I want to make Wapung C&RD and Khliehriat the capital of the district to be an example to other districts in the state in sustainable development in tourism, sports, agriculture and to make the district free. “We have set an example and created opportunities to set up training centers for the youth to start jobs and stand on their own feet,” said Dame.
UDP Leader Egenstar Kurkalang, KHNAM MLA from North Shillong Adelbert Nongrum and others have left to support the workers of GVK EMRI 108 who are protesting on the ground floor.
The MLA election is the election of a Member of the Legislative Assembly. It is not the job of electing a good person to the Assembly of Good People! ( Assembly of Good People).
She used the power of digital and the internet to keep her own for the sick.
We must join hands to give each other our right hand and left hand to unite so that we can fight against this disease.
Rani has returned to the team after playing her last match against Belgium in the FIH Women's Hockey Pro League 2021-22, where she won 250 caps for the country.
After the opening ceremony, awards were distributed to 34 alumni of the school, 28 of whom have completed Matric and 6 who have completed Class XII. The event was also enriched by the participation of the students of the school in songs, traditional dances and costume performances which have changed from the 1900s to the present day.
He said that through these discussions and consultations, many ideas and measures will come out which can bring back the necessary policies for the development of the region.
Before selecting the youth to be trained at these training centres, the Block and Districts conduct awareness programs to raise awareness in the villages where the youth, parents and others are invited. father and village leaders.
The HSPDP said it supports the demand of the CSWO and TUR to strongly oppose the incident.
BJP MLA Laxman Madhavrao Pawar and NCP Bead District President Rajeshwar Chavan have resigned from the party.
Jowai: The Meghalaya High Court today issued an order that the Chairman or Speaker of the Small Legislative Assembly of the JHADC cannot conduct the Dorbar Tlang which will start today. on the 28th of this month.
Before the distribution of these food items, a short meeting was held.
New Delhi, July 10: It was the election of MPs and MLAs, but in this election out of 15 states, two states had to cancel the elections due to violence.
This will also be the first time that Lajong will play in the evening inside the stadium and also the first time that these two teams will face each other.
Indian deposits in Swiss banks fell by 45 percent in 2016, an unprecedented decline of CHF 676 million or T.4,500 crore.
Mamata's remarks referred to the Congress party, as the formation of the UPA was also led by Congress President Sonia Gandhi.
The number of cases in Khweng village has risen to 44 and 3 of them have become seriously ill and have been rushed to hospitals.
Deputy Commandant of 4th Battalion Bikram Marak will be appointed as SP Traffic, East Khasi Hills while Vivekenanda Singh Commandant of 4th MLP Battalion will be appointed as the new SP of East Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah DL Syiemlieh, one of the village leaders, said that the lack of soh ñiamtra to plant in the fields in the past few years has led the villagers to turn to other activities and The influx of tourism to the village has increased the employment opportunities for the residents in the past years.
It is a temple of democracy and secularism.
D and one doctor.
LTD has been operating since
Conrad K Sangma, President of the National People's Party (NPP), Dr WR Kharlukhi, President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya and many other leaders were present at the meeting. East Khasi Hills.
The FKJGP through this statement strongly expresses to those who are trying to protect the mynder that the FKJGP will continue to curb the illegal entry of foreigners and as the FKJGP will not run through such threats. tympanum.
Deikimawshan Dkhar of St Peter's won the gold medal in the 100 meter race under-16 boys.
The first goal came in the 6th minute through Winaldy Suting.
It is learned that the reason why the staff of the Fire & Emergency Service, were unable to provide assistance in time, was because of the collapse of a large tree between the road and the road. it took them a while to get help in time, because they had to first move the tree that had fallen in the middle of the road.
Last year we were able to invest T.14500/- for each household in the rural areas to implement this programme.
Residents of Mawroh village under Mawthadraishan C&RD Block today found a body lying in a stream near the Block office. The Sordar of the village immediately informed the police.
He also reminded us of our duty to contribute to the welfare of the country.
Furthermore, 656 Expenditure Observers in Parliamentary Constituencies and 125 Expenditure Observers are still inspecting the check gates. .
The KSU Leader urged the Karbi people and the Assam authorities to refrain from harassing the Khasi-Pnar farmers.
“She said that they can proceed only after receiving the written statement, so that if it reaches any court, there will be no question about the legality of those opinions. different organizations.
In the end, when it looked like Lajong would win the match, they were awarded a penalty after a mistake inside the box and Balajied Syiemlieh managed to score the first goal. Mawkhar scored the first goal for Mawkhar.
With this victory, Lebanon will face India on Saturday to qualify for the final.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War today said that so far about 30 NGOs have come to apply for permission to help the poor.
If there is a translation into English, Khasi, Garo or any other language at the same time that the Governor is speaking to each Member of the House, then Hindi or other languages ​​may be accepted.
The source said that the Mawlasnai Police Outpost, on receiving information about the incident, rushed to the scene and found out the truth. The injured man and Heprit were taken to hospital.
The Chief Minister said that the illegal smuggling of coal has been revealed even in the CAG report for the year 2013-2014, to 2017-2018 and the loss to the state during that period is He said that before the elections to the Legislative Assembly in July, the government had imported 27.78 lakh MT of coal. 6.9 lakh MT has been auctioned without GSP where only 5.4 lakh MT has been given to one agency.
He cried, and said:-Plie seh.
He said that he is pleased to see that the Longkmie are organizing such a festival because we as the Khasi people have the customs and traditions of the village. They are the traditional believers that our customs and traditions empower the Longkmie to take the jaid ka khong.
Speaking at the meeting, Paul Lyngdoh said that the main purpose of installing CCTV cameras in the village is to make people afraid to commit crimes and to curb crime inside the village. the village.
Shillong, March 3: The closure of entry to the Golflink Ground has upset many of the visitors.
He said that the HSPDP's demand is to abolish the district council but this is wrong because in Mizoram there is Article 271 (G) but there are district councils.
If each woman in each household receives T.1000 thousand and T.12,000 thousand per annum, the budget will be T.750 crore and that will be 3% of the budget. ," he added.
Budstarlin Wanniang from Nongstoin, a supporter of the party, said that this is because the party leaders have no responsibility and should take responsibility for the defeat. I'm not a Party leader.
Happy Dkhar, MBOSE- 68.16%, St.Francis Sec.School, Smit.
At this meeting, the KSU banned the group from holding the festival on the 11th June 2019 and the groups agreed.
“On the citizenship of the state and this is a serious matter and I cannot take a decision but it is up to the Deputy Commissioners.
Furthermore, Elliott Investment Management has now moved into another phase of the investment.
On the other hand, the police department has warned the public not to get involved in such incidents and if anyone is involved, they should inform the police department for action.
Faith is not a feeling of fear and anxiety, but it is the ability to imagine, shape, describe and recognize a peaceful, healthy and prosperous society.
Lawsohtun beat Shillong Sixers by six wickets in the first innings today.
Thus, in Khynriem and Pnar village, writing and reading has been started since 1841 until 2018 and in the years and times to come.
Before the start of the dance, the group of Tymmen u San of the Seng Khasi (Kmie) will take part in the thanksgiving and the raising of the flag of the Seng Khasi.
ML-10A-5908 was registered in Moodymmai, WJH District.
The IMA said that so far, 753 doctors have died in the first wave and 513 in the second wave.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 1,287 and in East Khasi Hills, 874 cases.
It is not appropriate to mention their names in this article.
Referring to the importance of chemical-free agriculture and the use of digital technologies in agriculture, Shah said this is a priority for the Government of India and the The establishment of the Multi-state Cooperative Society by merging Amul with four other cooperatives to promote non-drug products has started.
The following are the details on this:A.Relief to pay taxesI.Many taxpayers have received financial assistance from their employers and others so that they can meet the cost of getting treatment for you are infected with Covid-1
At the hospital, children were also placed on the ground.
Nongrah SC took the lead through Dawandappura Pathaw in the 8th minute but Smit SC opened the scoring through Bansynran Mylliemngap in the 30th minute.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that 11 policemen were injured in the incident but they managed to disperse the crowd at 3:15 pm.
In the midst of the attack, the rangli ki juki and the riewmadan had only two options, one to cry and pray before God and the second to fight against the proud and arrogant rulers.
Sanbor said the report for the relocation of the gate will be sent by the DEO officers after the inspection and after that the report will be sent back to the the Ministry of Defense of the Central Government.
It is difficult to explain, even if all those who have been named in the womb, feel that they will leave the world, why only 3? Dang shen la khlad noh David Nongrum from 13th Mawryngkneng, Deng SK Sun from 24th Mawphlang and Azad Zaman Mondal from 47th Rajabala Constituency.
The park was constructed by the Dorbar Shnong with the financial contribution of the contractors implementing the Jal Jivan Mission scheme to deliver water to every household.
Paul, who also read out the findings of the investigation team, said that the investigation team found no evidence that the rice was intended to be smuggled elsewhere.
Recalling the incident of 2016 which was the worst year for Meghalaya and the entire North East, he said that many cases of human trafficking have been reported. “Unfortunately, in some states of India, especially in Jharkhand, West Bengal, some districts of Assam and Andhra Pradesh, human trafficking has increased during the Covid pandemic,” he said.
The make-up artists are Malbashisha Nongbet and Daroi Rangslang.
Also coal burning smoke with smoke.
One of the Ministers of the Government of Meghalaya and Leader of the United Democratic Party, Bah Paul Lyngdoh has suggested that a thorough scientific study should be conducted at the expense of the Government if allowed to proceed. railway to Meghalaya.
So without Jesus, we cannot count the years today.
True leaders are those who have the desire to serve the people for the people and not for their own benefit.
The Chief Minister also awarded the Overall Champions trophy to Manipur, the second prize to Assam and the third prize to Arunachal Pradesh.
Tura, July 15 : The President of Meghalaya, Droupadi Murmu, today laid a wreath in memory of (L) PA Sangma, MP and former Speaker of the Lok Sabha and father of the Chief Minister. It's God's Day in Tura.
“If even the first batch of NIOS has been so corrupt, how much more will the later batches who are still being trained in it, face problems,” said a statement from Aristotle C.S. .Rymbai President of MSSASA Central Body.
Shillong, March 28 : The Sur ka Bri u Hynniewtrep on Friday announced its support for the Save Hynniewtrep Mission under the leadership of the Hynniewtrel Youth Council and other organizations.
After this, a short meeting was held in which a speech was delivered by the Headmistress of the school, Kong W Mynsong, who expressed her gratitude to the journalists for their contribution.
Italian tennis player Fabio Fognini has scored the biggest victory of the current season in the tournament. He has beaten Andy Murray in the current International Championship.
Therefore, she urges all Aadhar holders to submit their Aadhaar number by 31st October 2023 so that the office can take the necessary action.
Of course, these returnees were not a living generation at the time of Jerusalem's destruction and did not witness the destruction of the Temple and the burning of the city walls.
Prafulla, 70, took over the post after Justice T Meena Kumari retired two months ago.
They also said that the traffic from Navi Mumbai to Central Mumbai and Western Mumbai is a big problem for those who have never been to the city. Shillong Lajong: Shillong Lajong has beaten Pune to provide ambulance services to the city, according to a petition sent by Amsrang D Momin, President MYAP. City beat City 3-2 in the Hero Super Cup at the Kalinga Stadium in Bhubaneswar today.
“Isn't this a violation of the rights of the people?” asked Bah Louis. He said that there are lakhs of educated youth but they are unemployed and the government doesn't pay attention to them. they.
Vehicles coming from Shillong will pass to Sohiong via the Sohiong-Paripng road.
Shillong: UDP Leader and MDC of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bindo M Lanong has strongly condemned the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy for approving the election of Latiplang Kharkongor as CEM. slowly slowly spirit.
Perhaps there are those who oppose this, but it is the truth to restore the traditional customs as laid down by the ancestors and not as explained by the French.
The SSSS of Byrnihat Area, Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Syiem of Mylliem at Byrnihat Area, Ri Bhoi District. with a petition to strongly oppose the demand of the Garo people to allow the Garo Rangbah Shnong in the Garo villages in Ri Bhoi District and especially in Raid Marwet which falls under the Hima Mylliem Syiemship.
The idea of ​​bringing military bases in the district is not new but so far they have not been able to do so.
Shillong on 21.03.2023 at 10:36 am.
She said that the districts in the state with the highest number of HIV cases are East and West Jaintia Hills.
In this song, there are three stars, but if you don't have these stars, you won't be able to sing.
The Waheh Shnong of Moodop, Dawioo Dkhar, expressed his gratitude to this woman who, even in a small job, has seen the plight of these families who have been severely affected by the outbreak of COVID-1
Shillong: A complaint has been lodged against Smt.
The Meghalaya Lawn Bowling Association (MLBA) has been established recently and the MLBA is working to seek recognition from the MSOA and DSYA. to take part in this competition.
Sawakahi Syngkon top scored with 2/44 points, while Yoolang Suting scored 1/39 and Doliza Lyngdoh scored 1/4
All these candidates, while expressing their strong foundations to work for the welfare of the constituency as a whole, also expressed the challenges faced by the city of Jowai in these constituencies. They have promised to work fairly if they come to power and to provide the best service to the people.
Other speakers on the occasion were Ambrose Marak, Director of Higher Technical Education (DHTE), Shillong, HM Shangpliang, Secretary, Education Department, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat. Dr. KK Nongsiej, Secretary, Managing Committee of Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir.
In the Under 18 boys category, Anderson HSS won the title by beating Sibsing Memorial Govt HSS by 7 wickets.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The AJYWO, KSU-Jiantia Hills District Unit, FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle and HNYF-East Jaintia Zone have vowed to hold another strong protest immediately after the MDC election of JHADC. The government and NHAI have not listened to their demand and that is to repair the NH 44 immediately before the rainy season.
An Israeli army spokesman said about 30 hostages had been handed over to their families.
We believe that we will bring an offer to the guests to enjoy themselves when they come to eat, and for that reason we have bought the ingredients from the village so that the jhur ki jhep will be fresh. alive and well for getting the best tasting experience.
Before attending the rally, Banerjee also held a meeting with religious leaders including the Bishop of Tura, Bishop Andrew Marak.
I don't want to force you, To support whoever I want; Be wise, you people, Let Ri Khasi fall.
Shillong, July 24: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will elect a new president at its meeting scheduled for the 18th of next month.
The SIT has been empowered to investigate undetected crimes such as vehicle theft for which complaints have been filed in the past five years. many ways and those who are able to steal bikes.
Singh said the court has ordered the demolition of the street stalls and has also ordered the Indian government to consider the implementation of the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act. in Garo Hills.
On the same day, Bah Macmillan Byrsat also appointed Bah Bajop Pyngrope as the Working President of the NPP Rambrai Block which will also strengthen the NPP party in the area.
The two countries will face each other in November this year.
That contribution comes from a group of society that has been despised and rejected by many, especially from the nobles.
Ribhoi has recorded the highest number of cases with 154 cases while East Khasi Hills has decreased with 99 new cases.
London, March 27: David Cameron was stabbed today by a man while leaving a meeting in Leeds to discuss the proposed railway link. between travelers to the northern and southern parts of the country.
The dorbar will be organized by the Ministry of Agriculture in collaboration with the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (MBDA) and the Hills Farmers' Union (HFU).
So she didn't know how to eat or drink anymore, so she went straight into her bedroom and slept inside the bed.
Earlier, Bah Metbah, after the Question Hour, said that he has received a letter from Bah Adelbert to bring an adjournment motion. Resolution on the same issue, but he could not discuss it in the House, so he allowed Bah Nongrum to move this motion, but the rules of procedure of the House did not allow it to be discussed, but it allowed the mover. The motion is only to explain briefly on the issue and after that it has to ask for permission from the House.
Regarding the passenger registration system, all commercial drivers should charge according to the capacity set by the government and the fare should be charged within the price set by the government.
Sarangani is a city in the Soccer Province of the Philippines.
Condemning the killing of Bah Mangkara, the Rangbah Shnong of Klew, Bah B.Sten, said that the village condemns the allegation that it was the people of Klew who killed him. you are old.
The State Government in the past years has decided to set up Tura Medical College to be run by the Government while Shillong Medical College will be set up in Public Private Partnership or PPP mode with the participation of the Government. and private companies.
Furthermore, to strengthen the Aadhaar Act.
This Rangbah also liked to sing, “Help me, Ah! Owner".
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Secretary of the North Eastern Council (NEC) K. Moses Chalai on Friday said that the allocation of allocation for the North Eastern States has not been as expected.
Therefore, due to the inability to take care of both the children, she lost her life.
The Prime Minister said that it depends on the occasion, in many of his speeches when he speaks in Hindi, he always uses the word Bharat because this is India and in many occasions. , he used the word India.
On the other hand, the Jirang MLA said that as the Chief Minister of the area near Assam, he is deeply concerned as soon as he learns about the number of cases in Assam. .
“This is an opportunity for the gangs and police are conducting further investigation,” said Raju.
Suffering or evil things happen in the lives of people because of this world in which we live which is so full of evil things.
There have also been cases where there have been injuries,” said Bah Marngar.
On the other hand, it was informed that only vehicles under 10 MT can pass through the old bridge and this order will remain in force until further notice.
To start with, the MTTA has decided to issue Identity Cards to all drivers of tourist vehicles and without ID drivers cannot operate vehicles.
“In fact, the appointment of ministers is not new but it is done to enable us to perform better as expected by the people.
Jesus said this before 70 AD, before he ascended to heaven.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The State Government has extended the term of office of Bah DD Lapang and Bah Friday Lyngdoh as Chairman and Co-Chairman of the Program Implementation and Monitoring Committee under Category A+. four or two years from today.
Shillong, November 20: The National Spokesperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Saket Gokhale on Tuesday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills, Isawanda Laloo regarding the distribution of funds. The Minister of State, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare in Nongkrem constituency, said that the report has not been made public yet.
He also said that the Ïewduh is also a religious Ïewduh.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for several major projects including the New Shillong Water Supply Scheme and Land Reclamation Project at the Waste Processing and Disposal Site. and on the construction of roads in New Shillong Township.
Those infected include 12 MPs from the BJP, one each from the DMK and RLP. In the Rajya Sabha, two from the BJP, two from the Congress and The Lok Sabha session has started today. One member each from the AIADMK, TRS, AAP and TMC.
This gives more benefit and hope to this goal.
When asked about the reports that Bah Sorgy came to Meghalaya to surrender, the DIG said, “The person who left for Bangladesh has made it clear that if he wants to surrender, he should have He stayed in Shillong while the HNLC was in talks with the Government and according to our view, his return to Bangladesh and return from Bangladesh, what it shows, I leave it to you to understand this.
The cost of transporting agricultural products from the village to Shillong by Team 1917 vehicle was only T.1,800/- or T.2,000/- thousand tyngka but now it has reached T.5,000/- thousand. “They have to carry their own vehicles,” he said. “This has created a lot of trouble for them.
Congress MLA from Mylliem, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the new government should put the people first.
He said there were those who wanted him to join the NPP but as a person who has lived and served in the Congress party, he had no intention of leaving it.
Rukini RT Dkhar won the silver medal in the 600M event, Under-14, Girls.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The State Government is ready to allocate funds to provide Contributory Provident Fund (CPF) to all teachers of LP and non-government schools in the State.
in Assam and other places.
Kyrsoi congratulated the Commandant of C Lyngwa and DSP EB Kyndiah for encouraging the team.
“The MUA-II state government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma has brought many problems to the state and also to the nation as a whole, because of the issuance of laws that are harmful and endanger the people. The DKRSRBD leaders said that the law should be repealed for the income and freedom of the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia. The powers of the Rangbah Shnongs, which has been in place since last year, have seriously affected the customs and traditions of the Khasi Jaintia Hills and will cause serious problems to the people. They also criticized the illegal entry of the authorities because as Rangbah Shnongs they no longer have the right to work as they used to in the past.
The question now is whether there will be any permanent residents of Garo Hills, maybe there will be a few, then who will benefit from this Roster System,” said the MLA. North Shillong Constituency.
Shillong, Nailur 5: “We hope that the Prime Minister will give the right answer as we want,” said the CEM of KHADC. Shillong, Nailur 5: Various political parties including KHNAM, MDP, NCP and NPP today , UDP, Congress, HSPDP and GNC have attended the meeting convened by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma. However, what came out of the meeting was that Dr. Mukul Sangma rejected the proposal and pressure of the political parties to implement the ILP. He said that the ILP is only a delay.
On the other hand, the two parties have expressed their dissatisfaction with the reservation policy of the central government because the post officers have released only one post for the Scheduled Tribes in Meghalaya. young people who have qualified qualifications to get jobs in this Bank.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has already filed a petition against the JHADC corruption and has decided not to seek RTI to stop the projects in Jaintia Hills.
What do you mean???.
JACATAM Publicity Secretary Babu Kular Khongjirem, DESL Director Ambrose Ch Marak said in a meeting with the teachers today that there are three types of teaching jobs in schools. states including Tamil Nadu and Goa.
Last time, we supported the NPP, but this time, we will not support Agatha Sangma, because the father of PA Sangma, has lied to us and we will not allow them to lie again. Marak said that if the NPP wins this election, it will bring back the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, as it is in the NDA coalition government. “We have decided to support the Congress candidate this time,” said Marak.
Nurul Islam is a Sub Inspector who was dismissed in 2013 after the incident and is also the second Chief Superintendent of Police to be dismissed for involvement in rape.
Massimiliano Allegri's side, who are currently second in the table, have been relegated to seventh place with five points. -thong behind fourth-placed AC Milan.
Even the emergence of numerous apps regarding the payment system has helped the traveling public immensely but this has not reached all those who need to use it.
The Apostle Paul wrote to believers in Philippi, “Only let your manner of conduct be in harmony with the gospel of Christ” (Philippians 1:27).
She is the daughter of former MP and sister of Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Shemphang Dkhar SDB, Dn.
The new office bearers of the KSU were confirmed by Bah Donald Thabah and were also congratulated by other members of the KSU including Bah Biangbor L Paliar Vice President of the KSU, Samla Ferdinald Kharkamni, KSU NKHD President Samla Baiashanlang Kharshanlor, Asst Organizing Secretary KSU NKHD and others were confirmed on the occasion.
The second beast's work is to give power to the first beast, to make all the people of the earth to worship the first beast.
“It is clear that the government has gone ahead with the drafting of the law and it is clear that the VAB of KHADC will die and the government law will stand,” said a political party leader.
We should not play drama with God in Mane's house.
Speeches were also delivered by the State President of the NPP, Dr. WR Kharlukhi, MP, Lok Sabha, National General Secretary, James K Sangma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem. , State President NPYF in the presence of almost all the MLAs and MDCs of the NPP. ask together.
U Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, spoke on many issues affecting the development and income generation in East Jaintia Hills District and as one of the former leaders of the Jaintia Youth Federation, he encouraged and encouraged the Members of the EJNC should not be afraid, should not run back when they stand for the rights of the country and the nation.
It is to be recalled that last month, these jyrngam taxis have stopped operating for about 5 days, from 13th June to 17th June after the RTA has issued an order that jyrngam taxis. They cannot carry passengers from city to city, but due to the attention of the Chief Minister to their request, they have been allowed to earn like others.
The President of Portugal has become a good Samaritan, helping to rescue two women who drowned while swimming in the Algarve.
He said that during the COVID-19 pandemic when the Government has spent more than Rs 800 crore, MLAs and Ministers have bought land and houses for billions of rupees.
Besides, she said that the Office Memorandum on the Reservation Roster has caused harm to the Garo people and the Backlog Policy has not appeared at all.
According to reports, the incident happened at about 1 pm, and there is a strong suspicion that the cause of the incident may have been a fault in the power line.
There have been 72 recoveries from the coronavirus today.
He said that the Managing Committee of the school has been involved in the incident and found that the school building has been empty after the floods. do it quickly even though you have tried many ways to get help.
This group of slaves cleaned and improved the water or wells and managed the distribution of drinking water in such a way that everyone received it in an orderly and equal manner.
The syllabus was approved by the State Core Committee for Curriculum Revision on 26th June,
U Bah Syiem said that under this Act, the Council has introduced many rules to curb the spread of garbage. clean in the morning.
It is on this day that darkness has covered the earth and science describes it as a lunar eclipse in which the Earth's shadow has gone to the Moon and this happens during the full moon. the earth revolves around the Sun and the Moon.
This was announced by Rgh S.Sari Publicity Secretary of SKSR 12-Daloi.
“For my part, I am preparing a project on how to address this problem in terms of solid waste management,” said Bah Chyne.
He expressed his gratitude to the government for taking the initiative to implement this scheme especially in the rural areas for the benefit of the people.
After the demonstration of the skills of 106 experts, 31 names were selected for further research and 18 awards were awarded on 19th July.
At the same time, miracles are witnesses to the power and majesty of God working through Jesus Christ who came to earth and works among and with mankind for the sake of salvation and salvation. liberate the people".
The KSU said that it has received information on the names of these women and men who injected drugs and these names have been handed over to the Police for further investigation.
According to Bah Sanbor Shullai, about 10,000 students have been honored by the group in the last 20 years.
On the other hand, the Mookymphad Village Council has no reason for the shooting of Dame Phawa and Elut Phawa. The AHPUF urges both the parties to make peace and not to create any more hatred later. Then both of them made peace without any sorrow or grief.
The cause of the death of these fish in the river is not yet known, whether it is due to the spraying of drugs by the robbers or other reasons.
Your words are right, your words are on the foundation, You save the country, the nation.
The District Magistrate has enforced Section 144 CrPC in South West Khasi Hills District which prohibits the carrying of firearms and weapons including the production of noise by any resident which may cause damage to the city. The smooth running of the elections in South West Khasi Hills District.
Charles took over the throne after the death of his mother Queen Elizabeth II on 8th November. 96th.
Police said that the suspect was arrested for extorting T.12 lakh from a wealthy businessman in West Khasi Hills in the name of ANVC. Shillong 12 K' Dr Wellock Kharshiing said that the youth of the Khasi Seng Kmie Mawkhar should expand their activities to serve the youth and the community.
History testifies to this.
The BJP Meghalaya on 11th June welcomed the government's decision to appoint Idashisha Nongrang as the new Director General of Police (DGP) of the state.
How does this uniformity work? For example, if someone moves to Australia, Canada, Israel, and other countries, they must follow the laws of those countries if they want to live there.
Geet Chaturedi came to prominence this year for her debut novel, translated by Anita Gopalan, which is her first translation into fiction. .
“The bail applicant is HIV positive regardless of whether the Government's treatment is adequate or not according to this disease, this Court feels that this person should be treated separately so that she can get “It's a good idea to have a treatment plan for your illness in places where you feel comfortable,” said the Judge.
The winner of the tournament, Nohron FC, received a cash prize of T.1,20,000/- and a trophy while the winner of the tournament was Dienglieng Sports Club. a cash prize of T.60,000/- (Seven Hundred Thousand Types) and a prize by the Chief Guest.
At this polling station, there was a crèche or a childcare center for mothers who are still pregnant to vote, and this was done in places where there were many mothers who were still young.
KM tam and this matter is still pending in the courts because the Khasi Hills cannot afford to go up to the Liehyung Saw to protect their border.
“Regarding the preparation of the issues for the election, Bah Metbah said, “The preparation for the issues and principles of the party to go to the people is now in full swing.
“We cannot say what decision we will take tomorrow, because it will be up to the whole meeting to take a decision,” said Bah Blah.
“Prestone said the police department has also taken steps to curb the installation of modified silencers because the sounds emitted by them are like the explosion of a bomb which has affected and shocked the passengers and also the sounds. which is not good.
“Initially it was I (L) Rev PBM Basaiawmoit and later Defense Minister Roshan Warjri during the Congress rule but these efforts did not come to fruition,” said Manbhalang.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93670 out of which 91997 have recovered and 1589 have died.
The inflow of money into the sugarcane industry has opened up for faster payments to the farmers.
Nongstoiñ: After the auction of coal seized from over loaded vehicles, the Challan price of coal in West Khasi Hills has been reduced. One challan has reached more than 1 lakh rupees.
In the semi final on the 20th of June at 3 pm, Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah will face Madankynsaw Mookyndeng.
Replying to the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma's claim that seven AITC MLAs have expressed their desire to contest the upcoming elections on the NPP ticket, Dr Mukul said. “It doesn't matter what the Prime Minister says, but most of the NPP MLAs will become candidates of other political parties – this is the truth because I know the minds of many MLAs,” he said. .
However, by eating and drinking tympew, it can quickly relieve these symptoms and produce gastric waste that affects the body.
Rodborne was accused of forging the name of MNREDA Director Jopthiaw Lyngdoh to misuse the crore rupees.
In the final of the Under-14 boys, Little Star English Medium Secondary School won the title by beating Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School 2-0 ).
Shillong: U Sohiong MLA from the HSPDP and Minister of State, Bah Samlin Malngiang, on Tuesday said that he does not know how to say anything on the intention of Bah HDR Lyngdoh to contest as MP as he has not received the ticket.
In a meeting with the leaders of MSSASA, the Minister of Education promised to release the salary only for the months of April and May,
Your mother's family is not your custom.
In a shocking incident, a pick-up truck on 25th November, collided with the vehicle of the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma in Upper Shillong.
Jesus said, “Verily I say unto you, Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel, till the Son of man be come” (meaning, until the Son of man comes again,) preach the Gospel to Israel.
“However, the SP should appear before the court when ordered to appear.
He appointed Robert Julius Oppenheimer, a Left Wing Jew, to head the Manhattan Project.
Two students have passed B.A and 35 students have completed Matriculation.
She said that at present it is not clear who is really involved in this case but it will be known after the investigation.
Police have arrested Ma Jrin Chullet, the owner of the coal mine, from his village in Norwan.
Explaining, Bah Dkhar said that the population of the new constituency varies greatly from one constituency to another, some have 10-11 thousand people, others have only 3300-400, 5000 people. , 6000, 7000 and 8000 people, so Bah Dkhar said that such a sign is insufficient.
Two of the drivers sustained head injuries and were admitted to Jowai Civil Hospital.
JOWAI: The Superintendent of Police, Bah Lakador Syiem, today announced that the traffic rules have been changed on the day of the Lok Sabha election.
However, the son told his mother to stay for a while and he would go and find a way to deliver the goods. she lay lyngktar on the ground with a stream of blood.
The program was conducted by Bah Tennyson Rynghang, Research Assistant, District Planning Office, South West Khasi Hills District.
The match will be played between Shangpung Moosyiem SC and Luti Tuber Ialong SC at 2 pm tomorrow.
All three are from Rongkhon Secondary School.
He also informed that if the garbage is thrown in this area it can cause problems to the environment especially the nearby forests. touch the fields of the farmers who are on the hillside.
Those who are weak fall into the hands of the law.
The KSU West Khasi Hills District will take a stronger stance if found guilty of violating the law.
“We still plan to build a new bridge about 3 km below the Umiam Dam so that vehicles can pass through,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) Prestone Tynsong. .
The three arrested were identified as Mokibul Islam (35) of Pushkarnipara, Bita Rabha (34) and Mikseng Marak (24).
God bless you ... AMEN & AMEN.
Shillong, July 11: The incidence of pla theft in the market is not only among men but also among women.
The HNYM leaders said that due to the lack of guards, the area has turned into a place of illegal activities and it has been identified by the signs on the house. wait with the water top.
Regarding the letter received, the Vigilance Division has decided to appoint a committee to look into this without any bias and the rules of this committee are to look into This allegation does not include illegal activities by foreigners without authorization.
The Government of Meghalaya since June 2014 has decided to suspend any assistance to farmers to purchase half price fertilizers and pesticides.
“We don't count on other parties or we are confident that we will win but I want to see that I joined that party with one purpose and that is to bring a strong government in this state,” said Dr Ampareen. .
A thorough investigation into Rimialson Daw's Facebook account and Instagram revealed that he had posted many pictures of Bollywood actresses Aishwarya Rai, Ameesha Patel, Katrina Kaif and insults against the Prime Minister of India. Narendra Modi.
“Three cows will walk in the three corners of the Balaji Temple and these Parikrama symbolize the word, truth and thought,” he said.
About three members of the ANA came to Chokpot village to distribute letters demanding money and at this time the people who found this, chased them away and arrested them. one of them along with a Maruti car (AS19-7576).
The party has 56 MLAs, the number of members in the House is 230 but it is believed that these MLAs need to work. before they confirm that they are candidates to contest the upcoming elections.
The Seinraij Jowai has decided to forgive all the shopkeepers due to the lockdown to curb the spread of COVID-19 which has affected the livelihood of the people in the country. all kinds of work.
The counting of votes will be held at 13 centers for Shillong and Tura.
It is also like allowing them to cross the border of Lapangap village and Meghalaya itself.
Why do we go and do this? We should ask ourselves why from time to time the same things happen to our nation, is it because we don't care or do we forget? We don't respect our nation, because even to speak our own language there are those who don't know how to speak their own language and have forgotten their own customs and traditions.
The Meghalaya High Court, comprising Chief Justice Uma Nath Singh, Justices TNK Singh and SR Sen, on Monday issued an order to impose martial law in Garo Hills. There is a lot of trouble in that area.
Besides, the party will focus on creating employment opportunities for the youth, to resolve the state border, to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP), to oppose the to strongly oppose the mining of uranium in the state, to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th grade, to amend the policies on employment opportunities, and so on.
Shiva made a bed of siej in the courtyard of his house and there he sat, slept, ate and drank for 11 days and took this decision. to stay away from your family.
Shillong: Pastor DE Syiem, Archbishop of Mawkhar Church, on Tuesday launched a book entitled, “The 50th Anniversary of the Welsh Mission to Wales”. was written by Dr.B.Ps.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) is the leading party in the MDA government and also holds the Home Department.
“Not only the Tura Parliamentary Constituency has been affected, but the country as a whole,” he said.
Now I have this commandment from the Word of God from the second book of Chronicles 7 Chapter 14 verse , which says, “IF MY PEOPLE, WHO ARE CALLED BY MY NAME, HUMBLE THEMSELVES , AND THEY SHALL PRAY, AND SEEK MY FACE, AND TURN FROM THEIR EVIL WAYS; THEN WILL I HEAR FROM HEAVEN AND WILL FORGIVE THEIR SINS, AND HEAL THEIR LAND".
According to information received, the incident happened on the 11th of November 2023 at 2 pm, when a group of five robbers entered the house. They left early in the morning to rob the quarry.
According to the report, it is understood that the discussion was how to get the Congress MLAs to leave the party and join another party.
"If you say that, Niakha, I don't think it's Rida's father's shop.
She has been missing from home since 24th May.
Speaking in the State Legislative Assembly on 10th October 2015, Chief Minister Mukul Sangma said that the government will pass laws to regulate the media.
Riyanki Shylla scored the first goal of the match in the 34th minute.
He is however secure in his own home because at any time he may be expelled from his wife's or mother's house and become a stranger in his mother's or wife's house.
The introduction of the synsar in Mumbai will help the farmers to market their synsar at a reasonable price and will increase their profits as most of the traders buy synsar from the farmers at a reasonable price. .
Fourth or Schism, the refusal to submit to the authority of the Holy Father or the unity of the 'Believers' under his rule.
Delivering his Convocation Address, Chandrasekhar said that India is fortunate to move forward through initiatives such as Digital India which has contributed significantly to the development of the country.
He added that according to the information from the sources, there is a distribution of letters demanding money but it cannot be verified whether they are true or false or whether there is anyone who has done wrong.
E.Mawrie Incharge of SWKH explained the various schemes including the Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana which is a scheme where the people will benefit from T.1 lakh to T.2 lakh in case of injury. meet in any accident.
When asked about the issue of Jowai, the Minister said, “We (Urban Affairs) have already identified three or four land plots and preparations are in progress to purchase these land plots”. buy these land immediately but we have to follow the rules".
Dr Johnson Meetei, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Imphal West District, said that measures should be taken to verify the resurgence of ASF in the district.
The union urged the Waheh Shnongs to provide necessities such as electricity, water and other necessities for the government officials who come to the villages to conduct the elections.
Jain was brought before the Chief Judicial Magistrate, North 24 Parganas, West Bengal on the same day and remanded in custody till 24th November.
“The party will announce the names of the candidates for the election during the visit of the National General Secretary and after him there will be MPs who will campaign for the party candidates,” he said. .
The Indian Red Cross Society, West Jaintia Hills District has donated masks and soap to the market vendors as part of the fight against COVID-1
“I don't know, but I heard that Class IX questions have been stolen and sold at a price of 300 tyngka to 2000 tyngka depending on the subjects,” said a Class XI student. This question was asked by one Class IX student to another student studying in different schools in Jowai.
Do you think that God is above you?
Speaking to media, Bah John Wankhar said that so far there are about 14 residents of Sohiong Constituency who have not received the money allocated under the SRWP scheme 2018-2 Their names appear on the list of beneficiaries of this scheme according to information received through RTI from the office of the Block Development Officer of Sohiong C&RD Block.
During the raid, the union has been able to rescue up to 7 foreigners who have fled the scene on receiving information. establish.
As soon as the lecture was over, he returned home.
During the protest, the HITO also chanted slogans of condemnation against the Minister of Home Affairs who is also in charge of the Ministry of Education, the police involved in the bomb attack and also the government as a whole.
Mawkyrwat, July 18 : As a sign of remembrance of the death of one of the elders of the area, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) who is also the former Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the The AMPTCMBC has organized the 1st Rowell Lyngdoh Memorial Football Tournament 2023 organized by the Mawkyrwat Economic Society of Meghalaya. political Awareness Committee (MCSEPAC) at Nonglang Square, South West Khasi Hills District.
Vivek said the doctors are currently in custody at Sadar Police Station.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, President of the Union of Trade Unions, said that on the second day, on the 8th November 2020, they will come to Shillong to hold a strike in front of the office of the Union of Myanmar. MCCL is located in Shillong.
Many people from other parties, including those from the Congress, HSPDP and others, who came to join the NPP, were also present. to gather, they shall be welcomed in every city, for they are many.
Four motorcycles were recovered from Dambuk (Lower Dibang Valley), one from Anini (Dibang Valley), nine from Mudoi. (Changlang District) and 12 from Insu/Insa – areas under the jurisdiction of Chongkham PS, Namsai District.
The incident happened hours before the session of the State Assembly on Tuesday.
Chairman of the ANVC (B) Rimpu Marak has warned the members of the ANVC (B) who have left the party not to misuse the name of the party by committing illegal activities. with the use of the seal and the name of the organization.
The union has received a complaint from the family of (L)Sonarious Chyrmang, who is under 20 years old. Hemon Latam, Shaniah Latam and Lambas Lamurong from Mynthlu village and also the union requests and demands from the law enforcement authorities to impose strict IPC on these four so that others will be afraid to do not harm others.
He also recalled the protest of 12 Manipur women who stood in front of the army office in Manipur without clean clothes to protest against the rape by the army. Chitaranjan threw petrol on the road in front of the crowd and died in the incident.
There were also Sengbhalang members and residents who slept on the road and vehicles were not allowed to pass except those vehicles carrying patients.
On the other hand, the Union Minister, Gajendra Singh Shekhawat, said that he is pleased to meet with the officers and residents of Ri Bhoi, where as an Aspirational District they have worked together to develop this. He said that the BJP government under the leadership of Narendra Modi has done many great things and brought about many development projects for the development of India as a whole.
They had dinner at 8:30.
With regard to the key departments, the Department of Agriculture is an income generating department and we are committed to improving the welfare of the farmers.
It was also noted that 24.87 percent of the newborns were vaccinated.
What I don't want to draw our attention to in this article is that we need to walk in the fear of the Lord and seek His will so that we can choose which path in our lives. in their own part of God's purpose.
I won 3 to 2.
He should not forget that many BSF personnel in Tripura have now contracted the coronavirus, therefore, the Government should also monitor the entry and exit of the personnel as well.
Ardent expressed his happiness and surprise that people even in Tamil Nadu have known his name, where such artists have come out to draw his portrait. the joy of the skill of this artist.
Speaking on the occasion, the Dorbar Shnong said that the Dorbar Shnong has discovered the number of illegal immigrants within its borders after they went to collect the census. All the residents of the village were ordered by the SP's office and when they went to collect the census, they found that these people did not have proper documents and were living inside the village. village without any notice to the village authorities.
When asked for an estimate of the total cost of these 40 programmes, the Department of Arts and Culture did not give an estimate, but replied that the cost depends on the programmes.
Shillong, March 3: The President of the Union of Village Authorities of Krang Pyllun, Bah L.Step War, has said that in Krang village which has only 700 households, there are 11 households. Priest.
The Government of India understands that the Governor of Assam, Jairamdas Doulatram, and the President of India, Rajendra Prasad, who have given special powers only to them in Paragraph 19 ( 1) (b) (3) to immediately enact the Regulation No. 5, 1952, which is called Regulation No. 5, 1952, which shall be signed by the Governor. 22nd April, 1952 and the President of India signed it on 3rd May, 1952, that is, within 11 days it was completed, and only on 14th May, 1952 it was published in the Assam Gazette.
In India, four people have been confirmed positive for the coronavirus in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh.
Furthermore, it may be recalled that Bah Anthony N.Nongbri, has been one of the young men who has been successful in the field of journalism and this has led him not to sit idly by but to Provide more information to the youth even in the midst of the internet or Social Media.
The tournament was divided into three categories for boys and girls including Under-14, Under-16 and Under-1
Opposition Leader Dr Sangma today showed the media two videos on his mobile phone on the illegal mining and trade of coal.
Lessley Shylla, a coal trader from Jaintia Hills, was appointed on 28th March, 2008 for 33 years.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that recently, the State Government has implemented the MRSSA, 2016 in 7 Villages of Shillong.
The RSS's propaganda was governed by the belief that India as a whole should be ruled by Hindus.
Therefore, as part of creating an opportunity for the participation of children who have dropped out of school part-time and who cannot attend school for various reasons, the soskular between SEMAM, Samagra Shiksha, the State Education Department and NIOS to identify children who are not in school or who have dropped out of school part-time, as well as to re-enroll them in the training centres. NIOS.This program will be for Secondary level and will be for those students who have completed and completed part-time education up to Class VIII. Samagra Shiksha, State Project Director of SEMAM, Swapnil Tembe (IAS) and Prof. Saroj Sharma, Chairperson of NIOS also attended the social meeting held on the 27th of this month at the State Convention. Centre, Meghalaya, Shillong.
There are many ways to get rid of the evil that has fallen into the body of a person and only the elderly who are skilled and talented can get rid of it.
Police from West Garo Hills and East Garo Hills have jointly arrested the suspect.
The Prime Minister's Office has directed all offices to use computers for the PDS scheme. The Supreme Court has directed the states to cooperate with the central government on this scheme to reduce misuse of the scheme.
The existence of Self Help Groups has helped the people to understand how to stand on their own feet and start their own businesses to exploit the natural resources.
The General Secretary (Organization) of the BJP in J&K Ashok Koul said that the Maha Jan Sampark Abhiyaan has witnessed the response from the people and this is due to the hard work of the people. follower of the organization in terms of implementation processes.
The meeting was conducted by D.Marbaniang, Teacher of the training center and a speech was delivered by B.Marbaniang, President of Destiny Self Help Group.
Nongpoh, Lber 26: The District Tuberculosis Officer Ri-Bhoi District today celebrated the World TB Day which is celebrated on the 24th of October. The meeting was held at the Auditorium Hall of the Parish.
The meeting was conducted by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Jowai Municipal Board, DV Lyngdoh (MCS).
Here you don't have to worry, to fix this, parents can talk to teachers or school authorities to give children activities that they usually do at home that don't require internet.
Requesting the DC, the KSU and Narpuh Village Leader demanded that the NHAI and the authorities in charge of the road should ensure that the construction of the road from Mynkre to Malidor should be completed within 7 days.
In a statement sent by the President of KSU South West Khasi Hills, Samla Forwardman Nongrem, the village has received funds from the Border Area Department for the construction of the road from Nongeitser to Mawtngam but that budget can still cover only about 1200 meters (1.2 km).
The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the Chief Secretary Donald P. Wahlang and the Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi not to surrender or obey any authority. but they should arrest the trucks that illegally carry coal.
In the second match, New Warriors beat Inningstar CC by three wickets.
The SNSBH also expressed its concern about the problems faced by the residents, from the Urban Development Act, which has been issued through MUDA. The Rangbah Shnongs, hope that these two issues will be resolved. The State Government has written to the Prime Minister to inform the Dorbar Shnongs on these issues as it is so far.
The office was located in Rilbong, Shillong.
“It should not happen that other ethnic groups should invade this area, only the villagers here should be recognized as villagers, not others,” said Sai.
“Regarding the roster, we will discuss the filling of the 40-40 and 15 and
It was directed by Pallav Talukdar for the Assamese film Bulu Film.
Shillong: Malki FC beat Nangkiew Irat 3-1 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday.
Commander Shangpliang said that the people have to fetch water from remote places during the rainy season and said that water is the most important thing in the lives of the people especially to bring the He demanded that the government should implement these two schemes.
“Bah Hek said that Dr Mukul Sangma has not said yes or no, but he will have to see first,” he said. Hek also praised Bah Charles and Dr Mukul Sangma for being older leaders and if they join the BJP, it will improve the BJP. Mukul Sangma said that the BJP has a good chance.
The residents of the area have paid tribute to the MLA of the area, Bah David Nongrum, who has opened the market for less than 10 years. Bye Pass will be a blessing.
“It was Amitji who asked me if I was happy to send Smita, Parveen and Amitabh and I replied that I wanted Jayaji and Rekha.
The injections are BCG, DPT, OPV, HepB, VitA, Measles, TT. Investigation into the incident is ongoing to find out the truth, he said. doctor.
He spoke about the success of India's first solar mission – Aditya-L1 and the immediate rescue of 21 people on board the ship in the Arabian Sea by the Indian Navy. achievements show that India is an emerging power in the world.
It was under his leadership as captain that India beat Australia for the first time in a Test series.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, in a statement today, said that there are those who have tested positive for corona virus, who have not complied with the rules of quarantine for 45 days. He said that there are those who have contracted the disease, but who have gone outside and there are those who have gone back to test themselves again, even before the end of the 40 days. .
Senior Electrical InspectorInspector of Electricity.
Such ones fully appreciate the value of peace and the loss that bloodshed brings to the family.
The final will be held at the SSA Stadium at the First Ground, Polo on the 17th of this month.
AIM Meghalaya conducted the meeting under the chairmanship of Bah Justin Kahit, with a speech attended by several members of the group along with the Chairman of the group Bah Banshai Marbaniang.
“And in one day he (Satan) shall make a covenant with many.
Shillong: The deaths today are Boldwin Sumer, 66, of Umsawnongkharai, Ribhoi District, Sawdong Kurbah, 53, Mawlai, Mawkynroh, Umshing, Anthony Thangkhiew, 55; Umphrap Madanryting, 71, Mohan Roy, 54, Nongmynsong, Aisha Khatoon, 52, Mawbah, Shillong.
“What the party wants to take here as an example is that if the law goes smoothly against the indigenous people, there is no need for a case, and against these Harijans it should also be. The UHM urges the State Government not to ignore the arrival of these Sikhs from outside the state and to proceed with the relocation of these workers. SMB and others in other departments and those who are illegally occupying should be punished according to the rules of law.
Therefore, the issues discussed on this day were the increasing power outages, the shortage of electricity, the failure of electricity posts, the distribution of bill lights and others.
Khliehriat, Nailur 21: The MPUF, led by its President, Kyrshan Blah, General Secretary, Aimon Syad and members, today visited the The union has written to the Minister of State in charge of Transport, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare and through a petition, the union has demanded the appointment of a Motor Vehicle Inspector (MVI) in The demand of the union has not been implemented yet.
He said that on the 16th July 2023, he has resigned from the KHNAM party which he loves with all his heart, which he has promised to do not only for the good but for the right. , in which he said that although he left KHNAM, he was able to bring together the strong foundations on which he stood for a long time, in which he joined the VPP party. The VPP, which is known as the Voice of the People Party, has been led by Rangbah Ardent Basaiawmoit, who has advocated for other issues of the people. the voice of God, in which the voice of the people also promises before the people that true and just democracy in our state.
P Mylliemngap, General Secretary of the Rot Association of Meghalaya, sent another statement this morning and as soon as the article began, which was sent in English, she said, “Dear Editor, I would like to ask you.
General Secretary – Felix Phawa.
Earlier, the General Secretary of KAS, Bah P Kharshiing, said that the Khasi Authors Society (KAS) has been founded by nine Khasi writers. However, 95 Khasi writers have joined the KAS. However, out of these 32 members, the KAS has passed away and now there are 63 members in the KAS.
They were accompanied by the HSPDP leader, who is also the Minister of State, Bah Samlin Malngiang.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rangbah PD Nongrum, said that the dance has increased with the passing of the days.
Speaking to reporters, the owner of the house, Bah Medarlin Wanniang, said that at the time of the incident, he and all the family members were not at home. and they went out to the wedding feast of the king.
On Friday, the Crime Unit of Shillong together with the Ri Bhoi Police in the presence of the relatives and village leaders of Mawlaingut came to take away the body parts of the body from Mawlaingut. to conduct an examination and investigation into the incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: On 16th July 2013, police and ANTF personnel conducted a raid on the house of Smti Lalthazuali Ralte and recovered 2 grams of Heroin. .
On the other hand, Ms HMK Kynta, in her speech, reminded that the injection program will start from today. Those who need to get injections can go to the health centres. government free of charge.
Conrad also accused Mukul Sangma of using violence and said they were willing to ignore even Bah DD Lapang, who has been with the Congress for 50 years.
His resignation from the club has come after his career has come under serious doubt for him to stay at the club after the team lost. Southampton beat Southampton 3-3 on the 18th of this month.
In the women's 60 kg category, Riteeka Sarki (BBS College) won the first place, Bahunshisha Marwein (Seng Khasi College) won the second place and Dakarabha Dkhar (Shillong College) won the third place.
A chargesheet has been registered under Section 506IPC and Sections 5(n)/6 of the POCSO Act.
If the government does not listen or act unfairly, it is necessary for the Court to challenge other rights that teachers should receive as a reward for their rightful service to educate them. students until they have learned in various fields.
On the other hand, the DHS will bring in more staff to work in the department.
The suspect was identified as Ajadul Islam, 28, and the brother of the victim was identified as Akirul Islam,
On 4th November, Prof Shukla admitted that the appointment of Rohit Prasad took place after receiving permission from the Executive Council (EC) of the university.
The simplest structure is as follows.
Both the teams struggled to score, but Ladthadlaboh scored the first goal in the extra time in the 90'+1 minutes through Promi who scored the first goal for Ladthadlaboh. to win and qualify for the final this season.
Therefore, those who need to enter the village, must first inform and seek permission from the village authorities, Bah Sylloklang Majaw Sordar Raid Kongthong (Mobile no-9366429882) and Bah Stogent Lynrah (Mobile no-8 “I am happy to welcome all the residents of the village,” said a statement sent by Bah Stogent Lynrah, Secretary Raid Kongthong, Sohra Syiemship.
Jowai, July 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today inaugurated the Wahiajer Multi Sports Complex in West Jaintia Hills District with the financial assistance of the Wahiajer Multi Sports Complex. State Plan Scheme & Sports Authority of India's Khelo India Infrastructure Scheme.
This decision was taken at the General Meeting of FASTOM held at Madan New Nongstoiñ, West Khasi Hills with the participation of teachers from all over the country. the State.
Speaking to reporters after taking over the department, Bah Samlin, MLA from Sohiong, said, “Sohiong is one of the backward areas where drinking water is still plentiful. The households are still carrying pipes from the forest to their homes because they don't have enough drinking water.
Shillong: Khliehriat West YWSC and Thangskai TSC have won the semi-final of the 1st Division League of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (PLA) today.
Lincoln's thesis was on “Synthesis, characterization and biological activity evaluation of d 6 metal complexes comprising ƞ 5 and ƞ 6 cyclic-π-perimeter hydrocarbons with nitrogen and sulfur donor ligands”.
No one will be allowed to sell food, items or photographs from the District Council office to the church and from the Children Park to the church.
In the second half, Byndihati SC beat Bataw YWSC 1-0 through Kyrshan Nongtdu in the 53rd minute.
Recently, Laitkroh MDC Bah Carmel S Sohtun raised this issue in the KHADC and said that according to the Khasi custom, the land which has been abandoned for a long time, should be taken back by the Hima. Mylliem which is the tourism department but the tourism department has ignored the site and urged the KHADC to take action.
He said that there are many languages ​​in the world and all of them have their own values, but he said that many of the developed countries benefit greatly from the use of their mother tongue.
, PWD, ICDS, Police Outpost, PHC, C&RD and others.
DG Dympep has already urged the UN Human Rights Council to request the UN Member States, especially India, to recognize the languages ​​of the indigenous peoples as soon as possible. especially the Khasi Khasi and Garo languages ​​so that they can be included as soon as possible in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
That night, because they were so tired, Rida went to bed without eating or drinking.
Replying to a question by Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem, Conrad K Sangma said it is difficult to turn back to the MoU which has already been signed. It is open to sit down to discuss and discuss with the people, but to reverse the MoU will never be possible and if the members of the House are concerned about any village, the Mynthong beat Khimusniang 4-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday. Wednesday.
Where do you get syndet wealth? Isn't it this lack of wealth that has caused many to vote in this election? Think carefully, people, do you want this state to decline in many areas? Or do you want to have knowledgeable, clear-minded and concerned legislators for the state as a whole, not just for your own constituency and your own people?
“They have set a target to make the state a 10 billion dollar economy but in any way it cannot be achieved because to grow the state needs development in all the villages while the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has warned. There is no appointment of MLAs who do not belong to the same party.
God is still inspiring people by the Holy Spirit.
The time of Shad Suk Mynsiem has arrived, and what we are still writing about is in the Phawar of thought.
Many of the students who sat for the SSLC examination in 2024 have passed 23 marks in the subject Social Sciences including History and Geography with 23 marks, Civics and Economics with 23 marks. marks, 20 marks for Internal Marks and 4 marks for Map according to Blue Print will be copied by MBOSE to all schools in
When he arrived, the house where Kiang lived showed Sadlier and Long Sutnga, the shepherd, the shepherd.
These trainees have received a lot of knowledge and skills to help people such as drowning, falling, sudden falls, accidents and others.
“I would like to say that there should be no misunderstanding in the minds of the people. The Prime Minister Narendra Modi has changed the Look East Policy of the Congress government to the Act East Policy. “The allocation for development projects in the state has increased many times,” he said.
“It has been decided that the Ministry of Industry and Commerce should take over the remaining military bases for the purpose of converting them into commercial sites,” said Mullah Baradar. u yesterday.
“If anyone has any information about this incident, please come and witness or provide accurate information before Bah SS Syiemlieh, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District at 1, 2 and 3 October, 2021.
West Ham United have expressed their desire to sign Manchester United captain Harry Maguire.
According to the Asst.Rangbah Shnong, the incident happened at about 5:00 pm.
The opening of the WHO Global Center for Traditional Medicine in Jamnagar, Gujarat is a major step in this direction.
At that time there will be no one else who can make peace, but the man of sin and the wild beast will appear to offer peace treating.
Therefore, the Parliamentary Standing Committee has directed the State Government to draft the rules and implement the Central Act as soon as possible,” she said.
Has the Government had an exercise on how to allocate funds to any Department?
Because this road has been approved “in principle” and has not been notified as a National Highway by the Government of India, it has been temporarily suspended until it is declared NH.
At this step, there was a wreath laying ceremony by various offices of the KSU and FKJGP and private individuals who came to attend the ceremony.
According to Dr Tariang, if the government can relieve the hospitals of the power outages, it would be good.
Shillong, March 09 : The first round of the Zone 2 Mawkynrew Cup 2022-23 at Jongksha came to an end on Saturday.
According to her sister, Princi Songthiang, it is understood that on that night, Bah Sekharaia, was walking from his mystery job in Mawshbuit to stay with his sister in Mawlai Nonglum; However, when he reached the market for syiar, on Them Metor, he suffered a tragic incident, in which he was shot dead.
The order was issued after receiving complaints that some commercial vehicles have violated the Screening Center at 13Mer and have used other routes. it was a violation of government orders.
The residents of Mawsynram Village together with the residents from other villages of Mawsynram Block who came to CHC Mawsynram for treatment complained about the ease of implementation of the road which should run every day especially the one that has been brought. There is a problem for the people who have to go to the CHC for treatment as well as the school children.
“Through this Act we have been empowered to issue these documents and therefore we have directed the Secretary of Land of the Council to issue this circular to all banks and others,” he said.
We will appoint skilled and deserving students,” said Bah John A. Lyngdoh.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, RBYF Western Zone President Active Pator and General Secretary Runing Well Syngkli said that the RBYF is concerned about the border settlement. He said that he does not want the government to take a wrong decision on the border issue and before proceeding, the Meghalaya government should investigate thoroughly so that the land of Meghalaya should not go to Assam.
On the other hand, the President of the union reminded that many of the health centres, Sub-Centres, PHCs, CHCs do not have the medicines that the patients need but there are only a few which they can provide. The DMHO replied that in fact there are many medicines but if the Medical Officers in charge of PHCs and CHCs do not ask for medicines how can his office know how to provide them.
Regarding the drug users, Rishot said that there are more than 500 drug users in Nongstoin, whom the union has found since 2017 till date and these drug users are from you longing is not poor.
A veterinary doctor alleged that BSF troops in Lakroh area, a village on the India-Bangladesh border, raped him and stripped him of his clothes with the threat of shooting him on 11th June.
When asked about the vote of sympathy for the death of UDP candidate Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Bah Samlin said that the vote of sympathy is not because the candidate who passed away was not an MLA, but only as an MLA. candidate.
Shillong: 50 participants from various schools and colleges have participated in the coloring competition organized by the Don Bosco Center for Indigenous Cultures (DBCIC) in collaboration with the Don Bosco Museum. on 93.5 Red FM Shillong.
“These four men used to harass and threaten Yoris Khongjoh many times,” said Kong Kharshiing.
Rikmanchi M Sangma (4/8), Marme M Sangma (3/17), Dianchidora N Sangma (2/13) and Srijana Chetry (2/13) took wickets. 1/4).
Lyngdoh said that instead of arresting Agnes, the government should have arrested the magistrates including Bah DM Wahlang, I Majaw and N Hajong who illegally raided the house. our house and our land shall be desolate.
Five of them, including the taxi driver, were shot dead, while four of them were seriously injured.
We all celebrate and remember only Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah as leaders.
On the other hand, Bah D.Marbanniang Headmaster of the school said that the school authorities found out about the incident this morning and the robbers managed to steal the school fees. 2,000 tyngka and also the 1st Terminal examination questions of Class IX and X for each subject.
“Assam will supply 100 doses of covaxin to Meghalaya and then type D cylinders,” he said.
Murmu has come to Umiam Orchid Lake to seek the support of the MLAs of Meghalaya to reach the goal of the elections to be held on 18/7/2
Only 6, 4 and 2 MLAs were elected. The sudden collapse of the HSPDP was during those years when many HSPDP MLAs left the party to join other parties because the party was not yet operational. Tenth Schedule of the Constitution.
“The statement of our senior leaders from the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, those children who stated that the teachers of the “We as the supporters of the NPP cannot accept them and we strongly condemn them,” he said. NPP Spokesperson Bah Bajop Pyngrope said that as a wise Sohiong constituency, they will elect the same MLA who has worked hard and served the people in the past three years. .
He said that the traders should not speak badly and should not use unpleasant words, but if they are true, the elders should speak polite words and if they want to cooperate they should wa chess to talk face to face.
The Meghalaya High Court has strongly criticized the State Government and the Government authorities for their stingy action against illegal coal mining factories and coal smuggling. .
There are 6 MDCs (except the Congress MDCs) who have confirmed themselves to join the UDP, which means that according to the UDP, there are now 12 MDCs and Talks are ongoing with 4 more candidates to get 16 candidates.
According to sources, in the past few days, the name of a thief named Gopal Mandal has spread widely in different parts of Dhubri and in these areas. A few days ago, it was reported that there had been many thefts in the area.
As we introduce this Choice initiative, we have also considered the options available for Postpaid Plans.
Wailadmiki Shylla said that the scheme was scheduled to be distributed last month but for many reasons such as the natural disasters it had to be delayed.
Shillong, Nailur 25: “U Bah Hoping is a clean, bright and clear man, but the old man in his old age doesn't know the beginning and the end but he has misused the name. Witting Mawsor, Joint Secretary HS PDP, said in a phone interview with Rupang this afternoon.
They said that there are about 72 households in Upper Nerbong and they have received all the allocations from government offices such as MGNREGS, Ration card and others. other benefits such as those of the citizens.
Concluding the meeting, the elder said that the church cannot accept such secrets at any time, and urged the Christians not to accept such secrets. writings that surprise their minds, but they will always believe in their strong faith.
“I wish all the three participants and others under the leadership of the All Meghalaya Karate Do Association (AMKDA) to win this tournament and to bring glory and honor to the country. and the state as a whole,” said Bah Sawkmie.
“Only these four persons were arrested from Jowai, brought and tried in court today,” he said.
The Rangbah Shnongs and the four organizations have rejected the curfew saying that it is an unfounded issue to disturb and harass the people, and also that the curfew falls on the day of East Jaintia Hills District.
In the 3rd Division, Wahlyngkien Ramklang Sports Club won against Niamsang Sports Club.
On a question by TMC MLA from Rajabala constituency, Dr Mizanur Rahman Kazi on the salaries of Anganwadi workers and the requirement for Anganwadi Centres, Paul said the salaries have been paid for three months. and the requirement for Anganwadi Centers includes a population of 300 to 800 for the establishment of medium Anganwadi Centres, and 150 to 300 for the establishment of small Anganwadi Centres.
However, all the teams that competed in the final of the 3rd Division, Pay For Right Football Academy and Mylliem Lum SC have been promoted to the 2nd Division for next season.
North Shillong MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Friday expressed his surprise at how the Meghalaya government has implemented the Roster System of the Job Reservation Policy to select youngsters to join the job reservation policy. doctor, dentist, and others for the year 2023-2
The program was conducted by the President of the Seiñraij Mukhla, Wh.
Shylla said the last government department he worked for before entering politics was the AG Office but he resigned from that post in
In a statement sent by Bah F Wanniang, Bah S.Khriam, Bah JJ Lyngkhoi and Bah JL Khongsngi, who were elected by the MSSASA Central Body to oversee the temporary oversight of the MSSASA East Khasi Hills District Unit, The General Meeting was convened in accordance with the decision of the General Executive Meeting of the MSSASA Sengkmie held on the 8th of November,
Based on the Word of God in the Gospel of John chapter 9, where Jesus himself healed the blind man and said that it was not anyone's sin but something to reveal Pastor Supuh said that this special characteristic of people is that all may see the glory of God. Through their lives and unique abilities, he said that the Society also stands on the basis of cleansing up the old ideas and appeals to the people not to misunderstand this uniqueness. of people.
This farm and orphanage was established several years ago to provide services to orphans under the direction of the Presbyterian Church.
There are still many people who have confidence in the Congress party as they have in the past.
Shillong, July 9: Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Labour, on Tuesday promised at a meeting with journalists of the North Eastern Region organized by the South Asia Media Solidarity Network, Division of the International. Federation of Journalists, that the government should take steps to provide accommodation, health care and others to the journalists not only in the state but in the region as a whole.
He said that he has spoken to the CEM of JHADC and GHADC and they have expressed the same feeling as KHADC. The AA is the 6th Scheduled and will abolish the powers of the District Councils and Village, Raid and Hima Courts. Bah Titos said there will be no such thing because what the government has introduced is only a Notification and not an Act. .
These two bridges were constructed under the Central Road and Infrastructure Fund (CRIF) 2018-2019 at a cost of T.5 crore.
It is learned that this is a video, which happened on the 4th of June 2023, in which two women were stripped naked and then, these women were surrounded by men. already.
It is a great loss to the state and I extend my condolences to all his family members at this time and pray to God that his soul may rest in peace”.
The Governor said the Central Bank's growth forecast for India's economy remained unchanged at 7.2% for the current fiscal year, from 16.2% in Q1 %; Q2 is at 6.2 %; Q3 is at 4.1 %; and Q4 at 4.0 %.
On the 8th of this month, the Prime Minister said that the talks with the HNLC are ongoing.
One Ayush Gram from each state will also participate in the CYP and for this purpose, yoga teachers have been provided in selected villages to achieve the goal of “Sampoorna Yoga Gram”.
The PDF on Saturday held its second annual meeting at Wahingdoh Dorbar Hall, Shillong with the participation of many party supporters and members.
At the same time, Bah Paliar said it is regrettable that the CEC has had to take the step of temporarily dissolving the KSU Mawlai circle due to the anti-party activities of Bah Kharlyngdoh.
Sachdeva, who won the Player of the Match title, scored 74 runs in the first innings and scored 74 runs in the second innings. of Meghalaya
Shillong: The Union Minister in charge of Husbandry, Sanjeev Kumar Balyan today after a meeting with the members of COMSO, promised to hold a meeting with the civil society groups and the Minister of Husbandry. Amit Shah has called on the Central Government to discuss the opposition to the CAA and to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state.
In the final match, PFR beat Upper Assam 2-0
As of 8:00 pm, the President said that the government has not responded to the demand of the teachers.
However, the prospect of bringing about changes has been met with obstacles due to political neglect, and limited integration with other parts of India.
Banshanbha Khongsdam (19 & 75) scored the second goal and Wanlamsuk Nongkhlaw (90+2) scored the third goal.
Mrinmoy Sangma, District Lead, Piramal Foundation, said that the campaign will start from November and end in October 2023. At the same time, he appealed to all government offices. and colleges to make arrangements to set up these same Donation Boxes for the benefit of the students.
According to reports, this incident happened on Tuesday.
But in the meantime, God is still waiting for people to turn to Him.
The body of the deceased was shifted to NEIGHRIMS, Shillong for post mortem.
It is worth mentioning that the contract teachers, including male teachers, are mostly mothers who have brought their young children and some of these mothers are poor. During the day, no female police officers were seen patrolling in this area.
Shillong: The weather in Shillong today was cold and heavy rain.
Since ancient times, the world has been righteous and just, people live in harmony with the song “Tipbriew Tipblei”, they help each other, from one place to another, there is no spirit of hypocrisy. ;
If at the age when they should be physically fit and mentally strong, they fall into bad habits and alcohol, then where will their future go??.
The union urges these companies to provide network for the convenience of the people especially in these times of crisis.
We are not here to criticize any organization or any individual.
On the other hand, the SP said that they came in police uniform because many people are afraid of us policemen and we want to change that feeling of yours and we want to be friends with you.
He said that he has already issued an order to close schools on the 25th of this month due to the cyclone SITRANG and this evening he said that there is no more order to close schools. “Schools from Class Nursery to Class-X will reopen on 26th March and if there is any announcement, the district authority will issue an announcement for the information of the public,” he said. .
The Dorbar Shnong Rangthong, South West Khasi Hills District, has honored Victorealness Syiemlieh at a function held at Rangthong Lah on Tuesday. Victorealness Syiemlieh received the National Florence Nightingale Award 2021 from the hands of the President of India, Droepadi Murmu on 7th November at Rashtrapati Bhawan in Delhi. One of the encouragements to other women and young people to have such a goal to achieve so that it will be a glory for their future.
Out of the 448 cases, 9 cases have been confirmed in East Jaintia Hills.
Conrad said that according to the Meghalaya Town Planning Act 1973, it has been made clear that the Scheduled Areas under the jurisdiction of the KHADC will not fall under the MUDA Building Rules. The old MUA-II government is on the grounds that the MDA government has not yet implemented the MUDA building bye laws in the KHADC areas. in the council areas and also set up town committees for the implementation of these laws,” he said.
He said that if the Government writes to the Central Government to improve NEIGRIHMS, the doctors will also stay and there is no need to spend much from the Central Government in terms of money because it is a place. take care of what you have.
The party welcomed him in the presence of BJP Spokesperson M.Kharkhrang and retired IFS officer Gregory Shullai.
Although he is only 29 years old, he is also the oldest member of the national team and a cricketer who has proven himself in international matches as well. The ATP/WTA Indian Wells Masters tournament in the United States has announced that the men's wells masters player, who is currently ranked number one in the world, has been arrested. Serbia's Novak Djokovic has withdrawn from the tournament.
More than 60 houses and shops inside Hat Mawdon have been flooded.
Yumnam said he discovered this while serving as an IPS police officer for 37 years across India.
These employees expressed their dissatisfaction with the final draft of their performance and salary schedule prepared by the office of the Mission Director of NHM, Meghalaya, which was completed on the 30th of last month.
The struggle has already begun and what is needed now is to strengthen the struggle.
Grace said the HSPDP has no problem in discussing any issue within the ARPA. While Teinwel Dkhar, Deputy CEM, said the MDCs of the party trust the decision. and directing the parent organization to act after reporting.
The post mortem will be conducted tomorrow.
It's the way everyone does it.
Vice-Chairman.
This time the meeting was held between the AASU, the Government of India and the Government of Assam.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin on Tuesday signed seven Memoranda of Understanding (MoUs) and held talks with business leaders and businessmen. owner of factories.
Condolences were also delivered by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Leader of the Opposition, Dr. Mukul Sangma and the Speaker of the House. Dr. Donkupar Roy who held a 2 minute silence in the dorbar hall as a sign of condolences.
From the meaning of the word hypocrisy, we have understood that there are two, one in this way and one in that, the nature of the mind or the heart and soul that is two in a person.
The DC also said that during the curfew, the residents should not spend the night by eating, drinking stories, having fun, visiting the homes of their neighbours. , because it violates the curfew to prevent the spread of covid.
They said that due to the lack of time they could not complete all the questions with the total marks of 720 due to the attempt to write the wrong question, which caused the students to leave. Outside the examination centres, some of them were shocked by the change of heart from the wrongdoing of the code center authorities.
The DC said that those who have received tokens or who have set a date for Aadhaar registration on October 1, 2020 can come on September 1, 2020 to complete the Aadhaar registration.
don't tag the small things you can't do but you want the railway comic bn.
The Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes List 1971 was passed by the 22 Khasi MLAs of the Meghalaya Provisional Legislative Assembly (1970-72) without any objection.
The first is up to me and you who use it, in what way we use it.
Politicians from various parties have to take responsibility for the lack of development in the state, he said.
The DMHO, Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District, has launched a program for the implementation of the Intensified Mission Indradhanush Vaccination Program within the district. 5.0' in which Ms. SM Bang, DPO, ICDS, Nongstoin was the chief guest.
Before the body of Bah David, a funeral service was held at his residence in Lapalang in the presence of his family members.
Kong Toi was asked to respond within two days.
The award winners are Bah DG Nongsiej, Headmaster, Mawsynram Government Upper Primary School, Rita Rani Khyriem, Assistant Teacher, Tirot Singh Memorial Higher Secondary School, Nongkhresseh. , Sein Raij Upper Primary School, Jowai, Kong Mercy Shadap, Assistant Teacher, Mynken Government Upper Primary School, Bhoirymbong, Mr.Arkinson S.Marak, Assistant Teacher, Bolkinggiri Upper Primary School, Smti Vijayanti G.Momins, Government Teacher, Assistant Teacher Higher Secondary School and Mr.Chira Sunder Sen, Headmaster Jagarani Upper Primary School, Baghmara.
He said that the Prime Minister has promised that the government will do its part to solve the problems of the residents of this area.
World confidence in India's economyThe world has seen the strength and stability of India's economy.
On the other hand, the DC has taken the initiative to send the demand of these organizations to the Transport Department of the Government for consideration.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 24: The KHADC and Hima Mylliem have demanded from the KHADC and Hima Mylliem to remove Paiem Ken Syiem as the Syiem of the Raid Marwet. Marwet, for issuing his No Objection Certificate (NoC) to erect the Par Maw on the land which still falls under Lawkyntang near Killing village.
BK Samiam said that the party leaders have not stopped to monitor this which has been going on for nearly four years.
These are those who fight for the welfare, peace, justice of the people, and the unity or benefit of the majority of the people.
“If the government is serious about talks, appoint ksiang and talk to Champion R Sangma,” said the party in a statement.
We should have that spirit and attitude- “If others can, why can't we”.
The Seng sends its condolences to the families of the four deceased from Mukroh, at the same time prays that the Creator will grant eternal rest to the souls of the deceased. dead.
I would like to thank the teachers who have supported me,” said Airikmenlang.
He questioned whether the state forest department, which has deployed forest guards, has provided adequate weapons to prevent the GNLA from protecting wildlife.
While she was talking inside her mind, she heard the voice of Niakha who had told her that if she needed anything don't worry, and if she wanted to stay with her, she was ready to welcome her. .
I went to the residence of UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh to request for cooperation as well as the PDF leaders,” he said.
The group, which now has an office in Nongthymmai, is working for the Trinamool Congress in Meghalaya as it has signed a contract with the party to work for it in the 2023 elections.
In East Jaintia, rainfall will fall until November every year and this year too until November.
He said that the khoh, shang or byrni should be weighed again and the kilos should be cut according to their weight.
The Village Secretary of Umkiang, Nicholas Lyngdoh, said that the National Highway 6, which passes through Umkiang and connects Assam, Tripura and other states, has collapsed and urgently needs to be repaired to avoid injuries.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the North East TB Free Summit aimed at eradicating Tuberculosis (TB) at a meeting held at Courtyard Marriot in the presence of Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Roderico H Ofrin, WR, WHO India.
Mebankhraw Kharshiing scored the goals in the 35th minute and Bankitlang Kharshiing in the 54th minute from the penalty spot.
The team won the title after beating Punjab 2-0 in the final match played on 31st July at the Jawahalal Nehru Stadium in Tamil Nadu.
The death toll from COVID-19 has been highest since 2020 when Dr. Sailo, the owner of Bethany Hospital, died first.
The DC said that the fine is a reminder to all the Market Committees and groups involved that it is important and it is their duty to maintain the cleanliness of the river and anyone who pollutes will be punished. punished according to the rules of law.
Meghalaya BJP President Rikman G Momin has alleged that Tura MP Agatha K Sangma has failed to implement the MP scheme in Garo Hills.
The schoolgirl was stoned in the face and stabbed in the neck by the robbers who tried to cut off her neck.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government cannot interfere with the work of GVK as it has already handed over the operation according to the contract.
Police today conducted a search operation around Shillong.
Scientists who develop medicines and vaccines to save mankind are sleepless nights.
Besides, the Chief Minister has announced that the state government will cancel all kinds of festivals as part of the commemoration of those who died this morning.
Buses that travel long distances are exempt from the rules of odd and even numbers.
And that thought is the world inside it, not the outside or beyond that cannot be seen by many.
They carried their placards with slogans condemning their MDC Bah Pyniaid S Syiem and also the Acting Sordar of the Raid who was appointed by the District Council.
If such things continue to happen, it means that there is no proper inspection by the Supply Inspectors and Sub-Inspectors or they allow the dealers to have an understanding.
They are Synshar Lyngdoh of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Samlin Malngiang of the National People's Party, Osborne Kharjana of the Congress and Eric Kharbuki of the BJP. and Bah Stoding Thabah of the Trinamool Congress and Sandondor Ryntathiang of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP).
On the other hand, Dilip Sangma also appealed to the authorities to help and look into these incidents in which he and his family are no longer at peace.
The ICDS scheme, if implemented properly, will be of great benefit to the families who need support from the Government.
Dr. Kampher Pala is the third son of Mrs. Krastis Pala among five children.
While the protest of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) continues to demand the implementation of the new fare announced by the state government last year, the JYF has written to the Minister. The factory has been closed due to the lack of cement in West Jaintia Hills District.
The meeting will be held at 11 am at Enowell Hall, Amlarem.
The union questioned whether the company has waited until the traffic jams in the area to improve or how it intends to improve, because until now there has been no sign of improving the area. just improve or cleanse others who don't need it.
The question is whether these officers will receive only one salary or both?ï.
At the time of writing, the death toll has risen to 160, most of them school children and 122 people have been injured. affair.
Meghalaya TMC (AITC) National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee launched the election results of the party held at Pinewood Hotel Shillong in the presence of party leaders. Meghalaya TMC President Charles Pyngrope, Dr Mukul Sangma, Vice President George B Lyngdoh, James Lyngdoh, office bearers of Meghalaya TMC, various departments from Youth Wing, Women Wing, and others. The party candidates from Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Ri-bhoi constituencies also attended the meeting.
Cash prizes will also be awarded to the first to fourth place winners, while the second to fourth place winners will receive medals.
It is learned that Bah Pinak Das is the only seller of a drug dealer, Bah Baskhembor Nongbet who later smuggled the drugs to Bah Pinak Das on the road near Lum Shillong in Upper Shillong. .
As of November 26, more than 90,000 women have registered for the AITC scheme. Speaking to media, BJP-Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie said, “We The ECI has decided to file a complaint against the AITC's election campaign promises on the grounds that para 8 of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) states that the Election Manifesto of any Political parties have to comply with the rules laid down by the ECI under Article
Dr. Phillamon Nongbet, Owner of Super Care Hospital, also gave a warning to the Chief Guest and urged the Hepbarit to pursue their education according to the present era and not to give up part-time studies. and at the same time not to abandon the traditional religion which our ancestors have given us in which today the whole world is looking for its own traditional religion.
The Department of Cardiothoracic and Vascular Surgery (CTVS) of NEIGRIHMS has successfully completed the treatment of Vieussens' Ring. along with coronary artery disease.
Many patriots, visionaries have emerged who have called and protested for the nation, but nevertheless, the Khasi are still happy in the struggle, receiving prices, receiving shares from the poiwir and poihap.
Shillong: U Congress MLA from Mawlai, Bah Process T Sawkmie, has demanded an apology from the BJP for introducing the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB)
So far, 11 persons have been arrested by the police.
There have been 279 deaths from the disease, bringing the death toll to less than 300 in the past two days.
Shillong: The Medical Superintendent of Ganesh Das Hospital, Dr N. Wanswet, on Tuesday said that there is no reason why Balari Lyngdoh, resident of Mawlai Umjapung, should be discharged on July The hospital, but it was only because it was found that it was too short of water, because there were too many cleaners on that day which caused that there was no clean clothes anymore, so it was not admitted and released. I at 12.30 pm, as this was done after examination by doctors in accordance with the rules of treatment.
Through this arrest, it is now understood that Guwahati is the main hub of drug trafficking and the Guwahati-Shillong highway is the main hub for drug trafficking to Shillong.
Jowai, 15 Lber: On the Lord's Day, at 10:30 AM, Rev.B.B.Lamin; at 1:30 PM by Rev.Dr.MJ Hynniewta and at 6:30 PM, Rev.S.P.Dkhar will speak on the subject Church 'The Church Ruled by the Lord' (Revelation 19:6 ).
There are some of those who have been affected by these things and cannot even go to sleep without looking at them for a while.
Jowai, Nailur 3: A meeting to bring peace in the border area of ​​Jaintia Hills and Karbi Anglong Block held at Khanduli has been canceled after the leaders of the Peace Committee from both sides did not receive any information.
“Likewise, the Forest Department, as everyone knows that East Jaintia Hills District has many beautiful forests and especially the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary which is well known. Therefore, there is a need for a Forest Department to function fully from the district, as well as a PWD Department to look after. the PHE department to look after the drinking water, the Handloom department to promote those people who have the skills to weave and make clothes, especially found The Handloom Department of East Jaintia Hills District in different villages and areas is very skilled in weaving clothes. “The union also said that when it comes to the PHE office, it is already in Khliehriat, which belongs to the Electrical and Distribution departments. of the Executive Engineer (PHE) to be fully operational, as the SDOs are not yet fully operational.
In the morning, you don't have to take a train, a plane, or an ambulance.
All the 12 MDCs who have been appointed as Chairman, Vice Chairman and Honorary Forest Adviser are equal in rank to the Executive Members of the Council.
One of the incidents that happened in 2015 was on the 1st of July when Bah Adelbert Nongrum was in the middle of a strike. About 20 people were injured in the incident, most of them women, and some women were arrested.
The UN has declared July 21 as World Yoga Day following a proposal by India with the support of 175 UN members.
The match between Tyrna Elaka Welfare Society Shillong and TEYC was very interesting and the participants showcased their talents and costumes.
Therefore shall they weep bitterly, and it shall be a great mourning in Jerusalem in the days to come, saith the word of God.
He said that the Central Government, the State Government and the HNLC members have held many meetings.
I would like to thank the staff of this hospital and the doctors.
As an elderly man in his 60s, who has gone through his youth in the past, I feel it is necessary to advise and teach you the youth of our country how you should walk.
The reason is that many trees have fallen from the light signs and even the Post Electric posts have been destroyed by the wind.
In Babylon the children of Israel live in fear and sing of sorrow to themselves.
The party strongly condemns and demands a detailed explanation from the MDA Government, the statement said.
They said that if Assam alleges that Meghalaya has encroached on its land, it is unfounded.
Shillong, July 11: “I have become a full member of the Congress party from today. I have proposed to join the party through the President of Shillong City, Bah Charles Pyngrope. MPCC and on Saturday I received the letter of acceptance,” said Process T Sawkmie.
Shillong: Prof. Antoinette Kharmalki, Head of Khasi Department, NEHU, in her public speech at the Khasi Author Society (KAS) General Assembly held at Malki Square, Shillong, said: On Saturday, she said that she has heard many comments from people who are afraid that if the Khasi language is included in Article 8 of the Constitution of India, it will have an impact. in English or English, but she said that people should not be afraid of that but should take English only as a tool when necessary.
She said that recently the Janajati Dharma Sanskriti Suraksha Manch (a group supported by the RSS) has demanded the removal of Scheduled Tribes from Christians.
When asked whether he will contest as an independent candidate or seek a seat elsewhere, Bah Bindo said, “That limit has not yet been reached, but if that limit is reached I will see.
Thus, in a government report published in the middle of the nineteenth century, it describes the Geographical Description of our country as follows.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad Sangma praised Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang and said that the arrival of many development schemes in Jirang is due to the The MLA has worked tirelessly to implement development schemes in the constituency.
However, even in the past, there have been one or two Pastors who have been involved in politics, some have even held the posts of President or Secretary at the Circle/Block Level.
The meeting was attended by the Department of Arts and Culture, the Khasi Authors Society (KAS) and the Ministry of Education. The State Government, which is the organization in charge of literature in the Khasi language, in the newspapers, should take action on this issue, so that there will be a preparation for the use of words. so that we can show to the State Government and the Government of India that we are completely competent in Khasi literature.
The Ministry of Arts & Culture has spent up to T.11 lakh to do this great work to honor Tirot Singh.
The shop of Kong Plantina Mujai, known as Mei Ramew Cafe, has attracted a lot of people, who have come to eat inside the shop. people from far away, whether from the state, outside the state and from abroad as well.
They met at the house of Jeffery Dabies in Llandeusant...At that meeting there were Howell Harries, Rev. Daniel Rowlands, Rev. William Williams and two other preachers"(vii) Presbyterian meetings were held monthly, at least since
He said politics is changing and this will be seen in the next few months.
But when he experienced Pentecost, he was no longer afraid, even though he was forbidden to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ, but he said that we must obey God as ruler rather than men. (Acts 5:29).
“In fact, there is a Laxmi komeni from Silchar which comes to work from time to time and works only properly and cannot improve as it should.
Khliehriat, June 25: The Bataw Unit of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today under the leadership of its President and General Secretary Bah D. Sumer and Bah A. Rupsi visited the Bataw Unit of the Federation. Assistant Executive Engineer (MeECL) Khliehriat Sub-Division, Bah T Lyngwa to make a request regarding the condition of electricity supply in Bataw Village.
Bah Adelbert Nongrum introduced the resolution which he spoke alone in the House and his fellow MLAs from the VPP did not stand together to support the resolution.
The Sauramandala Foundation has been working in the rural areas of Meghalaya since
“This new nation has been given the opportunity to stand prosperous under the leadership of the MDA-I.” Besides, he appealed to the present Government to restore the dignity of the people, of the people who uniform, and of the State as a whole.
If you are found to be under the influence of alcohol while driving, you should be fined and your license should be revoked.
The inauguration ceremony was held at the PWD office in the presence of Macmilan Byrsat MLA Nongstoiñ, Gigur Myrthong MLA Mawshynrut, government officials from the Chief Engineer of Mawshynrut. PWD, Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Engineer of PWD Nongstoin Division, Paiem Phyllasing Syiem, Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, District Police Chiefs and the public.
Without missing a beat, Raj Biswa led the team to victory with a half century of 56 runs off 32 balls, including nine fours.
The winners among the best were Mr. Pynbhalang Snaitang, second Rishanbor Lyngdoh Mawlot and third Eborlang Thongni.
He congratulated Apollo Tires and urged them to donate more to the village for the benefit of the children and youth athletes.
Gadkari said under the visionary leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi we are working to fill the gap in connectivity in the North East and improve the livelihoods related to traveling in the area.
Riyanki Shylla scored the first goal for Mynthong in the 34th minute.
It is even more surprising to see that the people also accept such corrupt leaders.
The union has supported the teachers and called in front of the Secretariat to condemn the government for not paying the salaries of the Adhoc teachers. they have their own rights.
In East Khasi Hills, the number of cases has risen to 330 with 330 new cases.
We will have to wait for the new government to do these things.
“When asked about the incident, Bah Warjri said that he has no knowledge of the protest of the people because he came to the public hearing as directed by the government. the Deputy Commissioner and completed his duties.
In this regard, he has already arranged with the three villages including Umphyrnai, Ur Masi and Joh, to set up Market Committees and send notice to the District Administration before taking action to reopen the market. shipping.
The Parliamentary Secretary to the State Government, Justine, said that the State Government has done its utmost to request the NGT to lift the ban or to extend the ban. coal which it announced in June this year.
Bah Kharkrang recalled how he and his colleagues had met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to ensure that a clean officer should be appointed as the DGP of the state.
“There is nothing to change the leader, Dr Mukul is the leader of the MLAs and others will accept only if Dr Mukul wants to hand over to others, and if there is a proposal I cannot refuse,” he said. Charles.
Referring to the Village Administration Bill, Rowell said, “In fact, the KHADC should have introduced the Village Administration Bill. it has the power to create and it has created but the Governor has delayed".
She knew and understood that the Hindu/Hindutva foundation in Meghalaya is useless.
There are also vegetables that improve the soil where they are grown and can also be used as food for animals.
The first season of the WPL has brought a lot of excitement among the fans and players as well, but because the tournament was held in a short time and after the Women's T20 World The BCCI has decided to hold all matches at the two largest stadiums in Mumbai.
This kniakhang ceremony is part of the fulfillment of the rules and regulations of Trekirot before the days and months of the Shad Niam Behdeinkhlam and before this day, the religious servants of the raij from the Dolloi, Pator, Langdoh, The Sangot together with the Wasan also performed the Dihsoopen and Kbai Mooknor rituals.
Similarly, Mathematics/Science teachers find it difficult to teach Art Subjects.
He also urged the students to value their time by being able to complete various activities in their studies, sports, helping with household chores and other areas.
Experts who attended the training included teachers Dr. Chanlemki Lanong, Dr. Kermi U Tariang, Ma Sashi Teibor Laloo, Kong Badapbiang Dkhar Tariang and Bah Batkupar Nongkhlaw.
Before the closure, the good news is that in the village there are about 5 tree mystery, 2 tree farmers and herbalists.
It also does not mean that once you appear through the parties, it will be easy to win elections.
There is no judgment in our own hands, we are free.
“There has been a lot of hard work to treat the patients at this hospital and as it is, it has been seen that tuberculosis is one of the killers in Meghalaya,” said Dr. Ampareen.
Four athletes from the state under the banner of the Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) have won gold medals at the 32nd East Zone Junior Athletics Championships 2020 held in Guwahati on 28-29 this month.
Vincent said he doesn't blame the state for the loss of the T.40,000 crore railway line. “I don't blame the people of the state because they don't accept it. “The people don't want me, I have done my part but when the people don't feel the need, I don't want to,” he said.
He said that during his inspection of the Heritage Village in Mawphlang, he found that the neglect of this tourist attraction is a great loss to the Council.
Deibor Suchiang was elected as the new Waheh Chnong of the village.
The morning song will start at 9.30 am and the Holy Mass will start at 10 am.
Which can also be said in the case of witchcraft.
His mother and father didn't do anything but just looked at him and this made Hiram even more surprised.
At the same time, the union reminds the Municipal trucks when they come to Marten to cover their vehicles to avoid the spread of nuit on the roads. village.
When these rice carriers reached the highway, some Assam Police together with the Forest Guard chased them to demand money.
General Aung Aung with the agreement of six senior military chiefs in the chain of command, especially the permission of the Chief of Staff of the Myanmar Army, Min Aung Hlaing, who long the head of government in power in Myanmar.
SP City Vivek Syiem said that after receiving a complaint, an investigation has been conducted and it has been found that the two policemen are involved in the incident. the punishments.
According to sources, Amit Shah's visit is to prepare for the elections in Meghalaya and another to ensure that the government in 2018 will no longer be the Congress in Meghalaya. .
He invited all those who have received training from the Institutions of Don Bosco to join in the work of good service to others.
This inclusion of such foods is what can prolong the weight loss and reduce the appetite.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the GS of the Association, PL Thabah, said that the woman has not been ill and has no new illness.
Gautam Chetri was named Man of the Series after scoring three hundred runs in the match. Chetri was also named Man of the Match in the semi. Kenny Wann won the first semifinal.
New Delhi: After nine years of trial, four kidnappers of a young girl were hanged at 5.30 am this morning.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 13: The 10-month festival of the students of Ri Bhoi Synod College Umsaitsning has started today with a programme. The students also had the opportunity to showcase their talents during the College Week.
He said that Pynshngaiñ has said that the T.87 crore will be spent on the needs of the District Council and will also be distributed to the Rangbah Shnongs of those constituencies which do not have MDCs anymore after the resignation of the MDCs. their.
The Chanmari Stadium has also been improved and built with artificial turf and can accommodate about 3000 spectators.
Kickboxers under the banner of the Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association have won 11 medals including three gold medals at the WAKO India Senior National Kickboxing Championship 2022 held at the Nehru Indoor Stadium in Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
The deadline for submission of tenders will be on 29th June.
