She said that through the development of the trade, the businesses we work in will increase and at the same time it will contribute to the income of the family and the community.
The celebration will end in November this year.
AIS SujaThe Jews have not been able to rebuild the Temple yet, from 1949 to 2019 from 70 AD, which means 2000 years without a Temple.
At the same time, she would like to thank the teachers who are nearby at any time of need and are ready to help, as well as her parents and friends as well.
The Government of India will pay 12% employees' contribution and 12% employers' contribution or 24% of wages to the EPF in respect of new employees in workplaces with up to 1000 employees for two year.
Dr Athokam Haribhushan, Principal of Science, KVK South Garo Hills, who was the chairperson of the programme, assured that there will be support from his office to the farmers in relation to the implementation of the various schemes under the ICAR NEH grant and other grants from the Ministry of Agriculture.
Long ago in the time of the prophet Amos the Bible spoke of righteousness and truth thus- “...let justice roll forth like a river, and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream” (Amos 5:24). .
Many of them are from East Khasi Hills.
Rymbai Wahshnong SC won the title until the end of the match and with this victory Rymbai Wahshnong SC won the title. big.
At Lumdiengjri Police Station, police have registered five complaints and arrested two persons including Meban Pynshngain Sun and Nelford Rymnai.
The cause of the accident is still unknown and police are conducting investigation.
In a statement edited by Rev.Dr.ER Tongper, GG Swell spoke about the liberation of the state from the Coalmines Nationalization Act and praised the people of Jaintia Hills. but at the same time GG Swell also criticizes the spread and accumulation of wealth by a few.
The Minister of State for Education and Ma Lahkmen Rymbui inaugurated the new school building of Lumpyngngad Upper Primary School, Amlarem Sub Division on Monday.
This notice may be issued for three reasons.
After Jesus the Son of God completed his mission on earth, he promised to send another to this earth to prepare a place for mankind in heaven.
According to the information received, this happened on 23rd October 2024 when this young man was walking in the forest and somehow without thinking while climbing a rock he fell. electrical signs that have been damaged.
The people of Mawkhar Jaïaw, on the other hand, cannot prove that they are indeed the brain of Khasi-Jaintia as they used to say.
The source said that the reason for their protest was that some Congress MLAs were against the working methods of Dr Mukul Sangma because he did things alone without listening to others. .
Shillong, Nailur, 01: Pynthorumkhrah MLA Alexander Laloo Hek on Thursday said that he is a resident of the Refugee Rehabilitation Colony and has received a Residential Certificate. from RR Colony Welfare Society.
The search for these two maloi is a very difficult task.
“On the other hand, to clarify, the children of Hynniewtrep are still full citizens of India, perhaps in November, 1948, when our Chief Executive Members through the Federation of Khasi States (FKS) signed the Instrument of Accession. (IoA) and the terms and conditions of the commitments from the Government of India under the leadership of Jawaharlal Nehru as Prime Minister to protect us, not to conflict over land, forests and natural resources, on the rule of law, customs and society," he said.
They were arrested from two places where the raid was conducted.
After the incident, the Rangbah Shnong of Baridua has lodged a complaint with Khanapara Police Station and police are conducting investigation to find out the truth.
Adelbert Nongrum received 5572 votes while JA Lyngdoh received 5166 votes.
A man named Rynsan Pde has been arrested by the Jowai Police Station for the death of a woman who was found half naked in Chahtngit Jowai.
Furthermore, it is not man-made but true that Paul speaks to the believers in Thessalonica.
However, this is also a waste of public money, because if the government had understood and had a clear mind in introducing policies, it would not have happened as it is now.
The Deputy Commissioner & Chairman, District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA), East Jaintia Hills District has ordered the Project Director, National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), Meghalaya, Shillong to immediately repair the part of the road. The bridge on the NH-6 at Pyrtakuna village under Lumshnong C&RD Block has been damaged due to the serious danger to the traffic and the public as well.
The young man was affected by the old man's actions.
In a letter sent by TUR to the Chief Minister, they demanded that he should clarify the expenditure for the NHM on Corona Care Centres, PPE and Ambulances which has cost Rs 188.9 crore. DHS for oxygen cylinders, BP monitors, ventilators and thermal scanners at a cost of Rs 82.4 crore, for testing kits, storage plants and containment zones at a cost of Rs 23 crore. , for MLAs/SWRPs at a cost of Rs 25 crore, for the CM Relief Fund and payment to day laborers and BPLs at a cost of Rs 51 crore, for the CM Special Grant for Meghalayans stranded abroad at a cost of Rs 14.7 crore, for the District Rural Relief Fund at a cost of Rs 8.9 crore, for the District Mineral Fund for screening centres 8.9 crore, for the CM Relief Fund for ambulances and garbage trucks, and quarantine centers at a cost of Rs 7.4 crore and for the relevant Urban Affairs Department. and cleaning worth Rs 3.5 crore.
The Seng through the Sengkmie also expresses the need for the Anti-Infiltration Force to deploy personnel in Shella village and in the area to find and arrest such people.
Shillong, Nailur 26: While on the way to get medicine from Pynursla, a family member was planning to leave for his village of Nongkyndah, Pynursla but on the way, a tragic incident happened to them. The Alto (Tourist) vehicle, in which these shiing were sitting, collided with a truck coming from Dawki area and the incident happened at a highway below Pynursla, Lad Mawlyndun.
When she didn't come back after ten hours, her husband went to look for her.
A truck (AS-01L-8869) was also destroyed at 20th Mile, Byrnihat.
Sohtun also expressed his strong opposition to the damage to the house of Warjri, saying that the people cannot take the law into their own hands. that these areas fall within the border of Meghalaya, because the people also accept themselves as Meghalayans.
“We have prepared the issues to suggest to the government to strengthen the implementation of the ILP to curb the entry of foreigners into the state,” said FKJGP President Bah Joe Marwein. the meeting was held.
On the other hand, Bah PN Syiem and Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh also expressed the same issue and feelings.
The house was owned by Gunjan Lama but was occupied by Meenu Thapa and her children.
Agarwal, who is a trade expert, said that the Income Tax officer will conduct an investigation without informing anyone who deposits money in banks if anyone deposits the wrong amount. rights in the Accounts of others.
In 2016, the Narpuh Elaka Dorbar and the Joint Action Committee strongly opposed the Government's plan to include the villages within the Eco-Sensitive Zones. The Ministry of Forest Environment and Climate Change (MoHFW) has written to the Government, but the Government has proceeded to declare these eco-sensitive zones in Narpuh. Wildlife Sanctuary and has also demolished many villages which will be affected by the working methods of the residents in these areas.
He said that although there is a difference, the vacancy rate remains at 1200 per annum.
Spanish La Liga club Real Madrid have said they are close to signing Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham.
Central and state government officials and Sankalp Yatra leaders encouraged the residents to take advantage of these welfare schemes.
Results can also be accessed from the websites mentioned below:www.meghalaya.
The incident happened at 1 pm, when the Scooty coming from Nongpoh, but when it reached the scene, the driver of the Scooty could not control and caused The scooty collided with the truck, which came from the other side and the driver of the scooty died on the spot.
The 10 KSU leaders included the President of the KSU, Samla Ferdynald Kharkani, the Assistant Secretary of the KSU, Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw, the Organizing Secretary of the KSU, Samla Biangbor Paliar. The members include Jayan Sylliang, Sabathani Lyngdoh, Johny Nongrum, Augustine Nongbri, Oris Thabah, Bonifast Lyngkhoi and Raymond Jana.
Before the march, a short meeting was held at Yurim Khliehpynthor Square where Waheh Shnong Micky Lyngdoh explained what happened to them on the night of the 3rd.
In the past few days, the internet in Meghalaya has been shut down for the third time by the MDA government. education, trade, employment and others that cannot be named, but through this action the government has wasted tens of crores of data pack money of the people. you can use the internet.
The SP said that in fact, the police have expressed their opposition to the bail grant of the woman and the police department has also requested for police custody. The court did not allow the detention of the woman for about a day, but the court did not allow her to do so because she is a woman and at the same time she is in poor health.
Bah E.Kharmalki, Secretary, Revenue and Disaster Management, Government of Meghalaya was also present as the Chief Guest.
“There was an incident where a foreigner came to Sohra as a tourist but stayed for more than three months. “If the government sets up a check gate, such things can be stopped,” said Samla Ribokstar.
After the filing of the complaint, the army came to return the four survivors and later the bodies of the five youths.
We raise our children together with the literacy we have bought at a high price and without thinking that what we say will hurt others.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Jatap Unit has demanded that the government should immediately implement the Ayurvedic Center in Shella-Bholaganj C&RD Block so that it will be of great benefit to the residents of the area. hi all.
Hek said that the testing of fish should not only be for fish imported from Andhra Pradesh but for all fish imported from other states as well. same.
Sub Inspector Supply Amlarem will be appointed on the occasion of the meeting.
This celebration is part of the campaign to promote the service and dedication of teachers, for the sake of building and shaping the future of the children as well as for the betterment of the society.
The TMC has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Chairman.
Both the teams played hard from the start and had some good chances.
“The hand of the Congress is grateful and it is doing a terrible job,” Kohli said.
With a distance of 80 kilometres, this is one of the 18 events at the NEOG 2022 which was held outside Shillong where cyclists also had the opportunity to see the surroundings and good roads from the beginning to this Tuesday.
Messi is one of the stars of the game and a candidate for the Ballon d'Or, where he has won the title nine times and is now looking forward to it. to win individual titles once again after leading Argentina to victory at the 2022 World Cup in November
The residents of Lapangap Village, after there were no signs that the government would oppose the construction of the Assam government, came out to stop the road workers.
Ronnie said the BJP is well aware that the TMC has a lot of votes, so if they work together, the vote of the opposition will be lost and this will benefit the BJP especially when their vote. There is a large population in the state.
With the merger of the PDF, the NPP now has 28 MLAs in the 59-member Assembly. The NPP needs three more MLAs to get an absolute majority.
The Youth Synod was enriched by the choir singing by various church groups at the 10:30 pm service and the 1:30 pm service.
The woman was identified as Maryam, 55, of Mymensingh district, Bangladesh.
We also urge the people to raise their voice through the media on this issue of price hike so that that voice will reach the ears of the government and it will take the necessary measures. needed without delay.
The MLA explained that the purpose is to build a Futsal ground and a Children's Park,” said Michael Hek.
This rice is called glutinous rice.
For Tura, all four bowlers played well to take wickets against the opposition batsmen.
The Minister said that in the current fiscal year, there has been a shortage of funds from the Central Government, and this is due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Syiemlieh said that looking at the rules which the office has issued urgently today to the Rangbah Shnongs who sell who to include and who not to include, it shows that the state government has copied. He said that the Khasi people have their own customs and traditions since ancient times where everyone needs Even if you are poor, if you follow the rules of the government, you will not be poor.
“If the government does not improve the Reservation Policy in the state, there will be a lot of harm to the Khasi and Jaintia youth in the recruitment system which has been transferred to the Garo people through the Roster System”.
Meanwhile, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Dy.CEM, Rangkynsai Kharbuki, EM, NPP MDCs, expressed their confidence in the CEM of Teinwel and had nothing to say.
At least three people, reportedly from the Kuki-Zo ethnic group in Manipur, have been shot dead by unidentified gunmen.
He has left the Congress party for more than 10 years and is now preparing to contest the MLA election in 2018 from the BJP from Shella Constituency. You will receive your victory in
On the other hand, one can be surprised at such a Name which is within itself, the Thylliej pharia Jaitbynriew.
Because of the lack of development, many of the villagers have to move to the city until they are overcrowded.
Father Lakhontre said that these disciples had walked with Jesus, but they did not recognize that it was Jesus, until they had sat with Him for a while and they recognized that it was Jesus.
The virus has killed 66,492 people in China and spread to more than two dozen countries.
The riots in Shillong have increasingly shocked the people especially the poor and the traffic jam in Assam and Meghalaya has affected not only the owners of vehicles, but also the students and those who need to go for treatment in the hospital. Guwahati.
He said that what has caused the residents to be upset is that the PHE has released all the money to the contractor and the call deficit has been released after it was shown that the work has been completed. but the former Minister has taken away the money of 3 lakh tyngka and put only 40,000 tyngka in the village.
With this victory, 7 Wasa have won 2 sien matches.
Before the final match, HANM Mawlai Syllaikariah Unit played a friendly match.
He said that the National General Secretary BL Santosh has mentioned and shown the party leaders in the state for the purpose of setting up committees to strengthen the party.
Also present on the occasion were representatives of the Apeda and LuLu groups, who explained about the opportunities and cooperation that have led to this border to increase the export of agricultural products.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor strongly condemned the repair of the Auditorium which was just to please the Minister, but he said that he is not happy with this.
The program was attended by students of Lyntijam Evening School, Corlin Colany Evening School and Living Hope Evening School. Somja Phawa and Coriniki Slong on Decision Making, and welcome speeches were delivered by Heibha Passah.
I found on that journey that there was not a single Khasi (and if there was, it was difficult to distinguish between a sheep and a goat).
Outsiders shall not be allowed to smuggle kulmar on the road, in vehicles, roads without informing the village authorities.
From Majai the road follows the right bank of Umsohryngkew which the Kharbanglas call Dhalaigang to Pandua to Companyganj village which is located on the south side of Umsohryngkew and Rupa Tylli.
After the keynote address, the report of the two years was heard from the General Secretary (Rangbah Edward Kurbah, ex MLA) and after clarification on some issues, it was accepted.
Students love them because they are hard-working and smart teachers.
The KSU cannot forget him because of the many good deeds he has done in the village to bring about change in the village of Saphai in the years he has been the Waheh Shnong since
Nongpoh: Former Mawhati MLA and President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Ri Bhoi District, Bah Donbok Khymdeit, on Tuesday said that the party is ready to contest the 2023 elections from five constituencies. The constituency is located in Ri Bhoi.
He also wrote and composed hundreds of nature songs, patriotic songs and devotional songs.
This cooperation is very important in order to bring victory against this disease and to work together to achieve the goal of peace and harmony with the whole world.
This new building is very important and will provide support to the working methods of the High Court.
At the same time, he gave his blessings and urged the leaders of the Unit to continue to hold such competitions, so that it will develop the youth who have the talent in sports.
Speaking to reporters, Salseng said the charges against the Prime Minister should be based on evidence.
“The MBoSE cannot take this decision if it has a policy,” he said.
This policy is known as the “Mental Health and Social Care Policy”.
And these 7 months ended in 397 B.C. Thus, during those 7 months or 49 years, there were Artylli great events.
The cause of the blast was unknown, but it came 10 days after a bombing against a Shiite mosque in Kunduz, claimed by Islamic State militants. group.
Isn't this a blatantly illegal act? Why don't the churches say a word on this issue? We all know that those who are the 'owners' of the coal mines are the "high level," who have the most power within the government.
The New Shillong Water Supply Scheme will help to supply drinking water to Shillong and the New Shillong Township including schools and offices, and to 32 villages with a current population of 29,889.
However, it may be recalled that at that time, the crowd was so angry that there was a clash between the crowd and the police at Mot Kiang Nangbah near Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Education Prof RC Laloo will be the chief guest while the Director of DSEL Ambrose Ch Marak will be the chief guest.
They also said that in the eastern states of India, the price of wild apple is up to 700 tyngka per kilo.
According to the leaders of the RBYF 20mer Circle, the reason why they went to repair the road is because of the poor condition of the road which many parents of school children and the public have complained. They said that they have difficulty in coming and going due to the cost of this road.
The ceremony was held at Wapungskur Higher Secondary School, East Jaintia Hills District in the presence of school children and members of MPUF, AJYWO and JSM. children.
Jyrwa urged the Indian government to take responsibility and address what happened in Manipur, so that the people will not be affected. Union Minister in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs to take action on this issue.
After the arrival of these officials in Mawlai, the UDP Mawlai, the women, youth and the people of Mawlai constituency said that they will accept this as a challenge to them, that they should defeat the candidate of Mawlai. NPP will be a sign of their support for the Chief Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah at this time.
The donation was sent to the State in two phases – ECRP Phase I (2020-21) and ECRP Phase II (2021-22) with the financial support of the National Health Mission.
Other speakers included Meral Suting, President FKJGP East Jaintia Hills, Cherity Suja, General Secretary, Reginal Thabah.
Other speakers included SDO, Laloo, SDPO, Jason Mairom, Rangbah Shnong, Chairman of the Society, MDC of the area, H. Pohthmi and EAC, AMlarem, Kharpuri and others.
“Pala is an intelligent man who can lead the Congress and is ready to lead the party and I see that he has worked hard in this regard and I don't want to comment on his leadership".
Nongpoh, Lber 20: The Dorbar of the Raid Nongtung, Ri-Bhoi District on Saturday, once again decided to hold the 'Shad Lakhympong' Raid Nongtung, which used to be held once a year, has been suspended for three years due to the outbreak of Covid-1
Nongstoin, Nailar 21: “The biggest problem in the resolution of the boundary in Langpih sector is because the people of the disputed villages from Dronpara, Nawapara, Bangjeng, Kamphaduli, Hasem and Talimara , Umdiangkop, Umdiensiar, Umdiengphiang, Rajapara and others who are Garo, do not want to cancel or destroy their Election Photo Identity Cards, Ration Cards and to accept schemes such as poverty schemes, electricity schemes, schools and others that the Assam government has provided to their villages,” said Bah P.Nongshlong Sordar of Mawïaksyiem.
Thus, after the Return from Babylonian captivity, Israel's leaders and thinkers spread the word “ISRAEL” to include both groups (Israel-Jews).
At present, he said, there are about three MDCs who support Staphanson Mukhim and he is a former EX MLA.
In the morning, the Dolloi, Langdoh and Waheh Wasan started the 'Kñia Aitnar' ceremony at the Syiem Aitnar and all the expenses were covered by the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka. This 'Kñia Aitnar' will be a blessing to all the children of thousands.
“As it appeared recently in the newspaper that the UDP and the HSPDP will leave their own party, I don't know who decided that but as the President of the HSPDP we have not decided to leave our own party,” he said. said Mr. Pangniang.
This has also ensured the deposit of funds into the accounts of the beneficiaries without the need for the beneficiaries to go personally to the bank branch.
The price of lyer shet has increased by ₹50 per buiam.
The letter also recalled that on 4th October, 2015 at the meeting of Rangbah Shnongs and the Government, the Government has made it clear that it will not interfere in any subject related to the District Council. and they requested him in this letter to respect this decision and also his speeches and furthermore in this letter they requested him to respect the decision of the Dorbar Bah which was held. on the 30th of July at Polo Ground to demand the approval of the Village Administration Bill (VAB).
The Legal Notice deals with the allegation of unfairness and assault on the position of Lalremsanga in the Synrai Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly and the speech to the media published on the 19th and 20 November, 2023.
He said that the cause of the incident was the mistake of these children and after the fire started, a brother named Wallamok Sohphoh, 10 years old, was killed. He tried to enter the room to rescue his brother who was more than 1 year old and due to the intensity of the fire, the two brothers collapsed as soon as they reached the door. go outside.
“I am pleased that this three-term MLA of Gambegre has won the ticket from the Congress.
“The government is confident that the peace talks will be successful and we will fight our best to reach the goal,” he added.
Fatima Sana Shaikh is now 29 years old and if she lives with Aamir, she will be half the age, as Aamir is now 56 years old.
Shillong, Nailur, 06: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday alleged that the State Government has misused Section 171 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) to harass the Hynniewtrep people. The President of the HiTO, Bah Donbok Dkhar, on the use of the blue uniform, said that it is an act of violence by the Government.
Thus, in 1982, it formed and legalized the Thoh Team.
According to Bah Khlur, the government's performance in the state shows that it is not clean. “It is clear that the government has not implemented properly and has not delivered properly. “We on the part of the party will continue to monitor the work of the state government,” said Bah Khlur Lyngdoh, President BJP. He said that if the central government sees that the state government is delivering the rights of the people to the people , it will continue to contribute development projects to the North East and to the state as well.
These grapes are rich in nutrients, which are helpful for our health.
About 500 youths from Lakhimpur district, including members of the TMPK, especially those from 76 Legislative Assembly Constituencies (LACs), have joined the party. BJP within the party.
The two men from Marbisu have been missing since Tuesday, the 20th of this month and their whereabouts are unknown.
Stogent alleged that the incident occurred when a person named Kanol Majaw who acts as the Sordar and a group of people used force to violate the customs of the Kongthong raid.
The Acting Rangbah Shnong of Mawnianglah, Bah Mighty Giri Kharmih, said, “We are sorry that we get water only from Mawkhan and the opening is not right. Upper Shillong Water Supply Scheme (Upper Shillong Water Supply Scheme) but it has been almost two months since the water pipes were cut off in Mylliem. from Mawkhan and besides, the water comes out for only 10 minutes,” said Bah Kharmih.
Be exactly like the government's rice sales regulations so that the buyers will not be deceived.
The campaign, under the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT), aims to promote the participation of women in water related activities.
This was announced by Samla Badonbok Malngiang Sports Secretary KSU Mawlai Circle.
Singh, SDO Civil, Dadenggre Ram Kumar, government officials, village headmen, school children and members of the Raksamgre Civil Sub-Division Demand Committee.
This mission is at the heart of the “union of life and love” which begins with the couple united in the Sacrament of Marriage.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Donald V Thabah said that the party demands that the government should conduct training in schools and colleges to explain to the public so that they know the way out in case of an emergency. as the coming of the power of nature.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma today said that a meeting to discuss the implementation of the roster system will be held this month.
To be like a child is impossible.
E.Tariang, Child Development Project Officer also spoke at the meeting.
Out of the 1300 teachers in East Jaintia Hills District, 1200 teachers have already registered with the app developed by UBI Tech Solution. You can register your teachers' attendance without internet access.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Jowai, today announced that on the 28th of this month, all shops selling food items will be open from 9:00 am to 5 pm throughout the district.
In the dance competition, the sound of the bomb, the ksing and the tangmuri can shake the body, the hands and feet, not only of the dancers but also of those who stand by.
“Now we need electricity, we need water, we need 24 hours water in the hospital otherwise it cannot work,” said Bah Hek.
He also urged the people to take advantage of the opportunities that the government has given them to improve their health.
Mawkyrwat: The 74th Anniversary of Republic was celebrated on 26th July, 2023 in South West Khasi Hills District. Lyngwa, IAS, hoisted the flag and took the Rashtriya Salute of the parade group comprising police, NCC and school children on the occasion of the 74th Republic Day. at the ground floor of Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat in a peaceful manner.
“At this point, we are trying to track down the mother who gave birth to the child.
The CM also announced that the government will upgrade the Rongrenggre Higher Secondary School, which is one of the oldest schools in the district to improve the quality of education among the students. .
In a statement, BJP General Secretary David Kharsati said that Shibun at the meeting spoke about the problems faced by the state especially in the political turmoil in the state government. I didn't lead the Congress.
“Both of them walk closely together and in perfect understanding and this raises the dignity of the nation at that time (when we say they were still stupid).
We need to know the manners of respect for children, young people and adults.
It would be of great benefit if the government takes action to complete this building, as it is now this office is too crowded and if this building can be completed it will bring great benefit. , as it has been completed from all sides, including Training Halls, Conference Halls and others, he added.
Three of her children are still studying in schools in Pynursla and Langkyrdem, and now without her husband, it is difficult to support their children.
It was seen in Parliament that their leaders have strongly opposed the BJP government and in Shillong they have started to speak out against the NPP coalition government for changing its mind and allowing the bill. , not to be passed in Parliament.
The names of the players who have been selected for the FIBA ​​U16 Asian Championship 2023 SABA Qualifiers are: – Adavan Chellam Kumaresan (Tamil Nadu), Ankush (Haryana), Aryan Sharma (Telangana), Mirthul Vel Dhanasekar (Tamil Nadu), Divyansh Sisodiya (Uttar Pradesh), Harjeet Singh (Punjab), Jins Kalayil Joby (Kerala), Kailash Bishnoi (Rajasthan), Lavish – Kapten (Haryana), Lokesh Kumar Sharma (Rajasthan), Tajinderbir Singh (Punjab), Mohit Jogchand (Madhya Pradesh).
“This month, we will have a government meeting and it will take us some time to review all the documents, documents and orders of the Court, then a detailed explanation with all those who “It's necessary,” he said while talking to media.
However, the waiting for her return has brought sad news after the remains of her body were found on 31st November 2023, at a remote area in Mookhep.
This marriage did not interrupt Radhakrishnan's education as he moved from Vellore to Madras Christian College at the age of 17 and completed his B.A and M.A. haka subjectPhilosophy.
Sangma said that all those who were at the gates were involved in the collection of money from all the trucks including those with documents.
The death toll has risen to 4,000 today, bringing the total to 2,62,317 lakh in India.
The first prize is T.3 lakh, the second T.1 lakh and the third T.50,000 and the consolation prize is T.10,0
On the other hand, the House rejected it by voice vote.
Shillong, November 1: A meeting of the people affected by the NGT coal mining ban will be held on the 4th November at 10 am at Phramer, West Jaintia Hills.
We must also remember that the Nongsynshar-khadar in this country of ours have their shares according to their rank.
Not only that, this heavy rainfall has caused a huge loss to the kwai farmers in this village, as the kwai has fallen flat from the kwai tree even though it is still young and not ready to harvest. die and not eat.
In Mawshynrut constituency, other candidates include Bah Bejoy Kynter of BJP with 286 votes, Andrew Charles Gare of INC with 220 votes, Justin G Momin of TMC with 2065 votes and NOTA with 206 votes. 311 .
Children must not be born before 1st July 2012 or after 30th July
Speaking to reporters from Delhi by phone, Process said, “I strongly request the government to call for talks with the teachers under the banner of FASTOM because it is only in front of the table that we can explain to each other. .
LP School, Tynring for Lower Primary Section.
In a statement, the President of the HNPM Sohra Riwar Circle, Bah Kitbor Hynniewta and Bah Rangdajied Donshiew, after receiving a complaint from the people of Nongsteng Hima, said that the HNPM Sohra Riwar Circle has taken action against the Sordar. This is because this action of the Sordar is against the rules of governance of the village which has been done since ancient times.
He said that on the 10th of November, the members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Moodymmai plan to hold a meeting at the Dorbar Hall of the village to discuss how to allocate and implement the village funds. and other matters relating to the welfare of the village.
How do the people of Meghalaya feel about this issue which affects the people of the country and the nation? Is it possible to fight against this flood or storm that will soon hit our country? Those who don't understand that they can't fight for this power anymore, they have decided to vote for the mother (BJP) rather than the son (NPP) of the NDA coalition government in this MP election. which will be held in April
Ultimately it is up to the electorate and voters to elect their representatives, if they are not stupid only in temporary delusions maybe their region will really get good representatives and if they don't however, the constituency will also suffer according to their right to vote.
It was also found that employers, such as labor contractors and others violate the laws and do not hesitate to violate the rights of workers.
Because it was located in Nonglang, the opening of this Block Office was just a spectacle of the government, to mislead the people before the Election, thinking that by giving the Block Office, the candidate will NPP in Rambrai Jyrngam has won the election but has lost.
Seibor Shadap, MDC from Sutnga-Narwan, said that the NPP has started to stir up trouble in East Jaintia Hills District since He said that since the party came to the district, he has joined the party and until now he has been a member of the party. He is still one of the party leaders in the district.
Shillong, Naitung 31: Various political parties including KWADA, KSU, TUR, CSWO, FKJGP and HNYF will hold a rally tomorrow at Malki Square at 10 pm.
The FARM Northeast Project has been implemented since 2013 in many villages in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: The residents of Nongtyngur Village, today 15th July 2023, have arrested a Bangladeshi Khar who has smuggled into the Khasi Hills with the intention of committing crimes.
When asked whether it is true that GNLA chief Sohan D Shira has fled to Bangladesh, DIG BSF Sushil Kr.
Thus, the Khasi man plays the most important role in society.
“Imat I Mei and I have a direct relationship with this man.
The bedrooms are also clean.
He also urged the youth to refrain from child marriage as it affects their health and physical development.
Organizations led by ACHIK, including the GHSMC and others, have been on strike for two days after the news of the Prime Minister's office in Tura, to demand the implementation of the Roster System since last years. and to bring the city during the rainy season to Tura.
The Mission has launched a special campaign 'Swachh Jal se Suraksha' and has received information on water quality testing in 5.33 lakh villages for drugs and in 4.28 lakh villages for water quality. garbage (after the rainy season) in 2022-2
Com, will be monitoring the incident.
Major incidents today included the firing of thousands of Hamas militants into Israel, killing five Israelis, including three women and a child.
When attempting to contact the Chairman of JHADC by phone, she could not be reached.
I would also like to thank the Police, the Nurses and Doctors of Khliehriat Civil Hospital who worked hard to complete the postmortem quickly, as well as the Nurses and Doctors of the Civil Hospital Ialong and Woodland WK Hospital who treated them. to all those who were wounded.
The struggle for justice must be done in the right way.
Before the team left the city, the Sports Department through Bah Paia War Nongbri Assistant Director, Bah K.Passh, Assistant Director, officers and DSOs congratulated the team. and compete in the 66th National School Games 2022-2
“All these show that the government does not take into account not only the demands of the teachers but also their rights,” said the KSU. The Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) has been introduced.
I hope that the MFA's goal of producing national and international players from this state will come true,” he said.
He added that they should have left this matter to the Government to decide, the Government knows what it has decided and how can they just say appoint this appoint that.
The question is how can drug traffickers carrying only grams be arrested easily, but trucks carrying tonnes of coal cannot be arrested from the highway.
Meghalaya will participate in the tournament with the players, coaches and team managers selected by the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association. , Gareth Kharbyngar, Vijay Das and Shamar Hajong.
However, he said he was not afraid because he had not committed any mistake in the past.
During the investigation under the NDPS Act in the presence of witnesses, police recovered a plastic bag containing the drugs, which was packed in a purple suitcase.
At 5 pm, the suspect arrived and was arrested and from his pla was found stem-soh powder packed in 26 soap bottles.
He continued as Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha from 27th October 1971 to 18th July
The residents of the village, including the parents, youth and those who own land in the new village, have agreed to accept the village in the name of the village. The meeting was convened by the Dolloi of Jowai District at the residence of Simple June Pakynteiñ.
However, Meghalaya witnessed the skill of two players in the tied and bowling category, Rudra Singh Rathore for 54 runs and Da La Biang Shangpliang for five wickets for 91 runs. Hyderabad's innings.
On CM Sangma's statement on the desire of the people of the state to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eighth Schedule, the PM said he understands the problems faced by the people of the state. as citizens met and promised to look into this matter.
Referring to the Tura parliamentary seat, the NPP leader said that MP Agatha K Sangma intends to contest again.
Therefore, in order to ensure that the citizens can make free decisions, the provision of security forces in the border areas should be a priority.
Not only that, the union will insist on this issue so that there will be no discrimination and to ensure that the appointment process will be transparent.
Emphasizing on the power of the people's administration to remove corrupt leaders, the TMC Legislative Party Leader, Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the people of the state should ensure that they elect the corrupt leaders. The State Government working for them instead of following their masters in Delhi.
The Meghalaya government under the leadership of Chief Minister Conrad Sangma has announced that it will start soon the construction of 8 running grounds, 10 indoor halls and 30 football grounds. plastic turf and 5 fields to be cleaned with natural turf in the state.
The departure of the band has shocked all the One Direction fans who didn't expect it.
U Bah AS Lyngdoh Secretary of the union said that the reason for the incident is because of the appearance of the land owners to demand the road but if we tell the truth, we don't have any point in talking about it. they have leased their land for 30 years to UCIL and it makes no sense for them to speak on the matter.
JSU War Jaintia Circle President Eddy Kery Pohtam and General Secretary Kerrydiam Lamin in a statement said, “We have to live with the coronavirus and if we follow the directions of the government and the department, “Now many of the employees from truck drivers, quarrymen, day laborers of all kinds who rely on foreign trade with Bangladesh,” he said. “Foreign trade with Bangladesh in War Jaintia and other areas have faced difficulties since the closure to fight against the coronavirus,” said JSU War Jaintia Circle President Eddy Kery Pohtam.
He said that such incidents in Mukroh are not the first time but they have happened many times. In 2001, the Assam Police had set up a Police Outpost in the area.
“We must eliminate caste and regional discrimination and we must not allow the use of divisive tactics. “There is no power in the world that can stop India's progress,” he said.
Police have investigated and after confessing to their involvement in the incident, police have gone to excavate the area and found the body of the victim and the body of the victim. They were taken to hospital for post mortem.
Shillong, July: The Union of Catholic Women, Shillong Archdiocese, has strongly condemned the crime committed by a father who has taken away the souls of two children who were not his own. u in the incident that occurred on January 31, 2022.
Nongpoh, Nailar 01: A youth has lost his life after his auto collided with a Ford Endeavor coming from Guwahati to Nongpoh.
In a letter lodged by KSU Laskein Circle President Balawan Suchiang, the KSU said, “We would like to confirm that Psiar is still within the border of Meghalaya. Our relationship with the District authorities has given Assam the courage to invade our border.
In the NPR registration, the Government of India has stipulated that all those who claim to be citizens of India must register in the NPR from five years of age and above.
“In this regard, Bah Charles said that Bah Titos has promised to talk immediately with the Chief Executive Member of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council to immediately stop the collection of taxes from the farmers. region.
Satan tries to enter religions in ways that confuse and mislead false teachings so that they fall under Satan's kingdom.2 Corinthians 11:13-1
Similarly, families are formed by marriage which is the most important part of society.
We have brought it to the House, we have informed, we have said that the Government needs to suspend the implementation of the Roster System,” he said.
There have been 731 cases of covid-19 in the country today, 423 recoveries and 14 deaths.
Kmen said that even the existing Zero Point is not the right place but as it has been in the past, it is even in the land that does not belong to Bangladesh.
However, when it comes to allegations that Russia has violated the laws of war, Russia has denied the allegations and said Russia has not violated any rules as alleged by Ukraine.
Additional Deputy Commissioner, MSC, Deputy Superintendent of Police (Crime), PW Sangma, SDO PHE Mawkyrwat were present on the occasion. , Bah R.Nongdhar, Ministers of Villages, and others.
We now have a four lane road, we have many double lane roads, we have many state roads and we have many PYMGSY roads but we still need many roads. and the road connectivity in Meghalaya is still only 38 per cent.
For 51 years we have been on the same road.
The ceremony was held at Byrnihat Auditorium and those who witnessed the ceremony included Pa'iem Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, Pa'iem Wanphrang Syiem Sirdar. Nongpoh Sirdarship, in the presence of other Raid leaders and Rangbah Shnongs from 30 villages in the Byrnihat Area, ranging from 12 mer to 18 mer.
According to sources, the incident occurred between 1 pm and 2 pm on the 29th of this month by the robbers. They suspected that they wanted to spread rumors and show that in Meghalaya too, Christmas decorations have been damaged, as has been done in other states.
Former President of India, Dr. APJ Kalam, who came from the countryside, although he was one of the scientists in the development of nuclear weapons, he was also one who understood and encouraged the development of nuclear weapons. cultivation of plants for medicinal purposes in India.
Ms Toi became a government servant after being appointed as chairperson of the commission in November
Samlin is the newly sworn in minister in the National People's Party (NPP) government led by Conrad Sangma.
Surprisingly, the police came to the house and sent them to the police outpost in Umsning on Monday.
In addition, in supporting the missionary activities and services of churches and Christian groups, the Forum reminds all that it is helpful to have a good understanding of the situation in the places where they start or send missionaries.
“The people have decided from 6 MLAs in 2018 to 11 MLAs in 2023, the turnout has increased but we have not been able to get the magic number or win 31 MLAs,” he said. Jemino.
Let me give an example of two of my students in Mawthengkut whom I taught from 1982 to
It is also the duty of the police to patrol the roads and paths where drivers are more likely to play with two wheelers.
Shillong, Lber 16: To avoid excessive traffic jam on Sunday, the office of the Dorbar Shnong Smit has already prepared for the driving of vehicles coming to the synod service, small vehicles. Those coming from Jaintia Hills should enter from Lad Smit, pass through Urmasi-U-Joh village, park their vehicles at Parking No. 1 opposite the Hima Khyrim Headquarters, at Mawmluh Parking No. 4, at Wah Ing Syiem Football Ground. No. 3, Donbosco Higher Secondary School, Smit Parking No. 10, Then the vehicles will park at Parking No. 18, Mawmluh opposite Presbyterian School.
He said that despite the problems on the border, Bah Dasakhiatbha does not come to see the residents who have honored him.
However, this is not enough because it is necessary to investigate more and more through the authorities in charge of this area so that we can continue to investigate more and more in order to be more complete from all sides until there is no more complaints or complaints. elsewhere.
Furthermore, Bah Banteidor urged all stakeholders to join hands to promote tourism in the region as it is a sector that can create employment opportunities for the youth and increase income. paper.
Ronaldo then won the Copa del Rey for Real Madrid by beating Barcelona 2-1 in the final.
In the end, the land was no longer suitable and the fields near the oil palm plantations were flooded.
We see that when speaking as the Prime Minister or the Leader of the Opposition, the Lamphang gives more time and does not interfere.
The Special Judge (POCSO) of West Khasi Hills has sentenced Augustine Momin, also known as Rajesh G Momin, to imprisonment and fine.
There are NEDA states and there are BJP-ruled states. We want to win all the seats to bring more development in the North East,” he said.
The JNC Khliehriat Circle, under the leadership of its General Secretary, Bah Mebanteilang Sukhiñ, on Friday inspected the Tourist Officer and Information Center in Khliehriat. office is open but understaffed.
There will also be public awareness campaign on the value of independence and the meanings of the different colors of the tricolor flag of India at all the Independence Day celebrations.
This will come into effect from the 14th of this month.
Zenith Sangma also alleged that the appointment of these 124 persons is in violation of the recruitment rules of the state government and all those who have been appointed are only residents of Shillong and Mar. Shillong.
Shillong, November: The Village Council of Mawlai Nonglum, Shillong has decided to hold a cleanliness drive on the 16th of this month.
On the same day, all these office bearers and members of the Congress also decided to join KHNAM to give their full support to the KHNAM candidate Bah Adilbert Nongrum in this election. 2014 MDC elections.
These awards were given to the teachers for their outstanding contribution to the education of the children in the district, as well as other work they have done for the development of the you live your life.
He was a patriot and a hero of our nation in many ways.
“The WKSU sends its deepest condolences to the family and friends of Bah Lankupar and to the family of Bah Lan. D.Sun President WKSU Central Body said, “It's a good idea to have a clean slate.
If the Nïangleng River and other large wells and reservoirs that supply our drinking water are attacked by the quarrymen, isn't that a danger to us? Where else will we get water if these streams, ponds and wells are destroyed? In the past four years, we have seen that the CM has been forcibly implementing the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme. to bring drinking water to every household.
Two of them were seriously injured and could not be rescued in time and died shortly afterwards.
Pangniang said it is not only Khasi-Jaintia and Garo who are demanding their own state but other parts of India are also demanding their own state.
The target is to train 200 volunteers in each district.
“The Congress Government in the state has failed in relation to the NGT's ban on coal mining for the past three and a half years.
Atanu Das (638, 44 th), Neeraj Chauhan (638, 47 th), Neeraj Chauhan (638, 47 th) and Tarundeep Rai (631, 57 th) and Bhajan Kaur (638, 17 th) ), Ankita Bhakat (630, 24th) and Aditi Jaiswal (618th, 42nd) are other athletes who have represented the country in the tournament.
The doctors in charge immediately examined the baby and took him to the Sick Newborn Care Unit.
The militants, aged 20 to 25, of the NDFB-Songbijit, armed with AK-47 rifles, broke into three houses in Balapara village of Kokrajhar. , early Tuesday morning and opened fire, killing nine people, police said.
In fact, the Congress is in opposition in the state government where the NPP has joined hands with the UDP, HSPDP and BJP. The Congress, which has incumbent MP Vincent H Pala, has not yet announced its candidate despite the belief that it will contest again, while the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has announced its candidate. Dr. AJ Syngkon has contested against Dr. AJ Syngkon and the NPP has contested against Government Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh.
However, according to them, Kohli has assured that the bill will not affect Meghalaya and he will take action with the central government.
It has been upgraded to the United Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council only as a district within the United Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Media reports said that the illness is not serious, but the relatives want him to be transferred to Guwahati for a good rest, as in Shillong there are too many visitors and he cannot leave. tire yourself.
“When I was Chief Secretary, Bah PBO Warjri, they had erected electricity posts and signs, but there was no electricity.
“I laughed at a picture that was distributed to the public after the meeting in Sohiong, the terrible heading where the Fortuner driver of Bah Ardent came out, where did he get the money? They ask, but I don't mind if there are allegations and I like the people to investigate our lives,” he said.
The doctors praised the village for having a traditional song related to each kur in the village or known as the iawbei song.
As part of the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the Mawkhar Youth Association, the Mawkhar Youth Association in collaboration with the NRE Pageant India Private Limited, has taken the initiative to conduct a public awareness campaign on the evils of drugs and ways and means to free the addicts from this drink through the use of herbal medicines.
The next match of the tournament will be between Meghalaya Police and Mylliem Sports Club on 2nd July, which will also be the final match of the first round.
He said the NHAI will deploy its staff in Guwahati and they have to follow the rules and regulations of the government through the SOPs.
Two others are from Silchar, but their names are unknown.
He said the Ordinance has abolished the powers of district councils in the state, the powers of Hima and villages.
The number of cases has risen to 1,334 so far this morning and the death toll has risen to
In another development, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma tweeted, “The time has been set for the completion of the construction of the new dorbar hall at Mawdiangdiang, Shillong”.
“This will empower youth organizations which are the future of the state.
On the shortage of men, Bah Roy said the union has demanded from the Director to restructure this section and demanded that 80% of the nurses should be women and only 20% men at NEIGRIHMS. He said that the Seng has demanded that the Director should resolve this issue and ensure that there should be no shortage of nurses until nothing has been done in this regard.
The villagers of Malidor did not dare to share because they were afraid, and they looked only at them and did not dare to do anything.
Brad is 56 years old and his new girlfriend is 27 years old.
Steve Smith has since taken over as captain of the Test team and has led the team to victory and one draw in the remaining two matches. the game is 2-1
The closing ceremony of the tournament was attended by the Minister of Water Resources, Mawthadraishan MLA, Bah HB Nongsiej, in the presence of the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, A.Nongbri, District Sports Officer, B.Syiem, Principals of schools in the area, Village Leaders and others.
This is true, it is because of love that the forests, the trees, the rocks, the hills, the rivers, even the villages and the nature in particular have been destroyed.
At the same time, as the leader of the area, he urged the people not to neglect their right to come forward and vote to elect the leaders of the person whom they have the right to vote for. choose.
The drug was purchased from the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).
Shillong: The Congress opposition has alleged that there has been serious corruption in the implementation of the Saubhagya Scheme of the Central Government.
He said the UDP believes that the indigenous peoples in Meghalaya have been living together for decades and have participated during the struggle for statehood.
On the other hand, the Kur, while expressing its sorrow over the incident, said that it wants justice for the woman.
He said that the increase in the price received by the HPC by more than T.50 crore was done by the office of the Executive Engineer Bah Ransom Sutnga while in fact the authority of this office is The price shall not exceed T.7 lakh.
“I have just sent a letter to the Party.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Kong Isawanda Laloo encouraged and reminded the players that this time they need to play better and try as much as possible to increase the medal tally to three times. from what it has received in the past year from this State.
KHLIEHRIAT: Violet Lyngdoh, former MDC of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Saturday released the lucky draw tickets for the KWYWSC.
“In my opinion, Rophul Marak's actions are against the Congress candidate and the government he has and he should be punished,” she said. sun.
They won the 16th State Aquatic Championship organized by the Meghalaya Swimming Association at Crinoline Shillong.
What we have witnessed and found is that while we are trying and struggling to discuss this issue, it is in vain because it seems to have fled far away when we look at it from the past to the present day.
In nature we see that there are up to four seasons a year, these seasons come one after another but now we see that even in a day we die all four seasons.
In another incident, police said that Chelfest Berry Nongrum lodged a complaint that on 19th June at 1:45 pm, he had arrested two persons. Ainingstar Sohshang (30) and Shubash Thapa (38), while trying to steal U-Channel and others from Wahthangsniang canal near Shillong Baptist Church.
The number of beneficiaries in the 2020-21 fiscal year is 32097 and in the 2022-23 fiscal year it is 35484 beneficiaries.
KHNAM said that this will also ensure that traders should not be involved in politics for their own business.
At present, the salary of Skilled is T.500 per day, Semi Skilled is T.350 to T.400 per day and Unskilled is T.300 per day.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07 : U Shillong North MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that if all the residents of Them-iewmawlong are government employees, then there is no problem to relocate the residents of Them-iewmawlong. to the quarters of the government.
This storm and cold weather has happened in Iooksi area in the past few days.
This will be an attempt to see whether the construction of the road will affect the infiltration of foreigners,” said Bah Dkhar.
Tuberkmaishnong scored the first goal through AR Phawa in the 12th minute and Greatstar Pajuh in the 23rd minute for Sutnga.
Dr War said that before returning home, the man had entered an ATM in Mawkyrwat and yesterday he was found to be Covid positive.
Police reportedly fired tear gas in parts of Chand Bagh in North East Delhi, which has been the scene of heavy clashes in the past two days.
I think it would be better if this government of this 'accidental' Chief Minister ('accidental' because he was elected by someone else to take over the post of Prime Minister; don't think too far) all these things.
Nongpoh: U Bah Jason S. Mawlong, MLA Umsning Constituency, in the presence of officers from the PWD and PHE departments, on Saturday, visited Mawtari Myrdon village. , for the purpose of welcoming the XXIV Rangbah Synod of Ri-Bhoi Synod which will be held from the 18th to the 20th of this month.
He said that the BJP is a party that works well and he is happy to be in such a party.
If all the way of thinking in the world has declined to this extent, from the parties, the candidates to the way of thinking of the people, it is impossible to improve or repair the political system of our country. Destruction,danger and terror will await you in the next few years.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA expressed his happiness that he has been able to fulfill his promise and in this regard he gave all the glory to God who has been with him to fulfill his promise. purpose.
He said that after the arrival of the police, the robbers fled the scene after stealing the money. The police are conducting investigation to get information about the robbers. The robbers came and robbed the tylliat maw.
Earlier, 36 members of the Congress party were taken to Kolkata for a while.
Speaking to media, Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, President of the CoRP, said that on the 19th of this month, the party will lead the people to the area and also to carry the flag. He said that the reason why the union has taken this action against MeECL is after they found that there has been a misconduct in the working methods of the employees and also on the increase in the too much pud on the electricity bill.
She said that talks have been held with MeECL and PHE who should do this how to solve the problem of house builders.
Before the start of the Dorbar Kur, there was also the raising of the flag of the party, the story of the origin of the Kur Wahlang, the display of the kur flower and others.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 21: Wahlyngdoh is a village located on the road from Nongstoiñ to Maweit at a distance of about 20 kilometers.
In the end, Rabi managed to give another answer to the opposition with his beautiful shot which passed through the defenders of Sawmer and into the net for the first goal of the team. .
Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh also launched a 'Number Phone' where the public can give a missed call to register as a Voluntary Blood Donor.
The Minister said the Government has also decided to implement the Women Helpline Number 181 and the Child Helpline Number 1098 to ensure that these numbers will be operational 24 hours a day.
This app has been launched since
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: On Tuesday, 13th of this month, truck drivers, who work in the villages, will march and carry placards and flags to the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills.
The statement about eternal life in the Gospel of John 17:1-11 is not about what happens to us after we die.
After the meeting, the Minister also spent time talking to the leaders of the area where most of the residents are from the Garo, Hajong and others.
Soon, the people will be able to vote from their mobile phones to avoid the time and energy instead of going to their polling stations on polling day.
The JMB's intention to hold a meeting at this place was made without the consultation of the residents of Khliehrymphum, Ladthadlaboh.
They can come to the college to get free legal assistance as well as free legal aid for cases in various courts.
JOWAI: The 23rd Annual General Meeting of the Raij-12 Daloi will be held on the 25th and 26th January 2020 at Muktapur Village, Satpator District.
He said this while expressing his concern for the immediate implementation of the NEP from April
ML-04B-4973 was registered in Rtiang Village, WJH District.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 01: The National Labor Day of South West Khasi Hills District today, 1st June, 2023, was celebrated as the National Labor Day. in the presence of the President of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU), Commander Shangpliang.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Meghalaya Football Team have lost hope of reaching the quarterfinals of the 77th National Football Championship 2023-24 after losing to Goa in the 2023-24 World Cup. In the Group A match of the tournament, it was played at Itanagar this evening.
According to information received by the union, the reason for the non-implementation of this training scheme is due to the fact that the PWD (Buildings) department has not received the bill worth more than Rs 3 crore from the Government.
I have been the president of Rangshken Circle since 1998 and as the president of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Rangshken 15 Villages,” said Bah Alester.
I have taken over the villages of Sder, Mawmang and Mawsohmad in East Khasi Hills District.
They said that Umjarasi village does not have enough transformer yet because it is single phase and the electricity supply needs to be strengthened in Umjarasi village because even the CFL bulbs cannot carry enough light to provide light to the houses. the households of the villagers.
On the other hand, the RKSCSC also distributed cash prizes to Jaguar FC who won the cash prize of T.5 lakh and a trophy while Blue Bombers FC won the trophy. T.2 lakh along with a trophy and other personal prizes.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: While the meeting of Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit was going on at Laitkor Football Ground, a white parrot flew from above the crowd.
However, due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, FIFA has allowed players to terminate their contracts with Ukrainian clubs.
“Because we see, perhaps the purpose of building the railway is only for the benefit of someone.
In the letter, they requested that according to the findings of the survey, it has been found that since 2010 it is planned to set up a Central Agricultural University at Umiam in Meghalaya.
The State Government has requested the National Testing Agency (NTA) to conduct the National Eligibility Cum Entrance (NEET) examination again, following allegations of corruption in the conduct of the examination. It was completed on the 5th of this month.
When the water has come out, they put the byrni in a dark place, and when necessary they cover it with a straw, and they cut it into pieces.
The women also blocked the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and Rapid Action Force (RAF) from patrolling Moirang village after a heavy clash. also the murder of a young man.
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) MLA Rohit Pawar and several others were arrested by police during a protest in Nagpur district of Maharashtra on Tuesday, officials said. you are the source of news.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah FR Kharkongor, Chief Electoral Officer and Commissioner Secretary, Department of Arts and Culture, said that the department will take action against Prof SN Lamare. written so that the government can easily monitor and request written information about Kiang Nangbah to facilitate researchers.
Furthermore, Bah Thongni said that as a young man he has his own vision and he feels that the way he serves the people is in another way. go together as a group.
The Dorbar Shnong Shnongpdeng has decided to welcome tourists who like to visit and stay in Shnongpdeng from 5th January
Shillong: M. Marwein, member of the Greater Iewduh Welfare Association and the Hynniewtrep Iewduh Association, today said that a group of market dwellers inside the market, strongly oppose the reopening of the market. He said that the public cannot follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to prevent the spread of the corona virus.
In the interim order, the Court said, “This matter has been pending for some time.
Shillong: After news appeared on twitter of a man named Karimul Bari, who wrote in his tweet, that there are 5 to 7 employees from the state Assam who have died for about two days now in a coal mine in Meghalaya and on the 30th In June 2021, Silchar Assam Police have admitted that six persons have been trapped in a crematorium at Sutnga, Umleng in East Jaintia Hills District.
Many of the young and growing kwai trees have been destroyed and caused a huge loss to the kwai farmers.
Balthasar's gift: He was an elderly man with a swarthy skin.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Sun said that he has been suffering from the disease since 2010 when he went for treatment at various hospitals in Shillong. “I don't know where I am and there are times when I feel like death has come to me,” said Bah Sun. “At that time I cried out to God alone for help and when I was surprised I found that I'm in bed,” said the singer, who has released many albums and Khasi films.
Employees and members of one political party shall not interfere in public meetings held by other political parties by making statements, asking questions or distributing party posters. straight.
However, on social media, many have criticized the SPL management by saying that as the biggest game in the state, it has built seats only with siej.
Remember that the developed rib a in the world are countries where daughters or sons do not expect to inherit the wealth of their parents because the children of developed countries In the development of the country, those who have reached the age of 18 years and above have to leave their homes because they have to take responsibility for themselves from accommodation, food and school fees by working in the morning or evening whether it is in the homes of others. in the supermarket, the newspaper.
“If the leaders continue to do this, I will come out and fight against these people in the field,” he said.
Richard Dhar scored the first goal for Luti tuber Ialong SC in the 31st minute to make it 4-1
He said that the TMC party has been established in the state and has shown through its actions as the leaders have gone to stand in the House to demand the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in Article 8 of the Constitution. Any party in India that we as Christians can celebrate Christmas and it is only the TMC that celebrates Christmas with the people and I believe a person who has knowledge I think they will “It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything in Umroi Constituency,” he said.
There are still areas in Shillong, which is the capital of the state where the provisions of the Sixth Schedule do not apply and where there are many foreigners living,” said Bah Synrem.
In class 5 there are 17 MBOSE books while in NCERT there are only 9 books and there are books in class 6 and class 7 in NCERT in MBoSE while studying in class
One person carried Rs 6 lakh but he added that he had no connection with any party.
On the other hand, the BSF has stepped up its patrols to curb the smuggling of these drugs and to arrest those involved in this case.
The woman has lodged a complaint with the police saying that at 10:00 PM on the 29th of November, these three men suddenly came and robbed her of T.5000/- .
The resurrection of Jesus is not a myth but a reality.
There are dates that are memorable, said Prime Minister Duh.
The Shnong has decided to improve the rest area around Mawlyngdoh and Lum Nongsynrieh, so that it will become a tourist spot for people from near and far and will also become a tourist spot.
On this occasion, MNREDA distributed these Study Lamps to the students from Class VIII to Class X, where 3,000 students from 15 schools under the The District has received these Solar Study Lamps.
Nongpoh, Nailur 09: Members of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Umsning Circle, today evening, have arrested 10 vehicles smuggling illegal drugs from Sohiong to Umsning area. A Maruti Car (ML 04A 2571) was arrested at Nongthymmai Umsning.
Shillong: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), which is investigating the corruption in the recruitment of teachers, will submit its report to the High Court of Meghalaya in November this year, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) said.
Therefore, now to this present world that that light will lead people to the Cross of Christ and not to go back to that bondage of Satan.
Therefore, we would like to send a message of strong condemnation to such a person who has no knowledge or knowledge even of children in which he has followed to do such a thing in you are in the morning.
So we told them to stop and start working again.
The woman was identified as Nimai Phawa.
The DC also said that the employees of HDFC Bank should communicate and understand the problems of the people of the district so that they can gain confidence in their work.
He said the central government will provide assistance to the tribals in the state.
“We have not come to condemn anyone or to take sides and we have not come to condemn anyone, but to bring peace, we don't want to see bloodshed,” said Ardent. “If you do what is right and if you are attacked we will protect you, but if you do what is wrong we have a sympathy tree to punish you,” he said.
Recently, during an inspection by these reporters to the villages of War Khatarshnong in the Sohra area, it was found that there are seven villages including Mawmang, Sder, Maïong, Mawsohmat, Khohber, Warbah and Tluh is one of the villages which does not yet have a road which is the source of income and transportation.
I also had the opportunity to meet with the leaders of the Catholic Church.
Police said that the body of the man was found this morning by some people and after a thorough investigation, no reason has been found for the death of the man. who who is rich.
BJP State Secretary Wankitbok Pohshna spoke about the progress of India under the leadership of Prime Minister N.Modi and said that the country will reach its goal in terms of He said that 25 crore people have escaped from poverty under the leadership of N.Modi and said that all this is due to the vision of the Prime Minister. “All the allegations against Modi are just election stories to mislead the people because they know that they cannot work like the BJP which has the slogan 'First the country, the second party and Finally, while other parties think of themselves, their families and the people, they don't have a place. We have seen the governments that went during the Congress rule in India. Modi says India has ranked 11th in poverty in terms of poverty, but now it has ranked fourth as a developed country. in the third place in the ascent.
Regarding the construction of the bridge, the MLA said that he has already spoken to the relevant authorities and urged them that when they build the bridge, they should also “To build footpaths on both sides of the bridge, so that it will be easier for the pedestrians,” said the Jirang MLA.
Later, former MLA Stephanson Mukhim from the NPP party filed his nomination papers. The two candidates were accompanied by their followers and supporters, who shouted along the road until they reached the in the SDO office.
The team will be accompanied by coach Pleasantly Synnah and physio.
Rodolf E. Laloo PHF Secretary Rotary Club Jowai explained the activities of the Rotary Club for the year 2019-20 while Rtn.
If any member of the Seng Saiñpyrthei wants to become a member of the Jaintia Dorbar, he must resign from the party he belongs to. affiliated with the All Party Hill Leaders Conference (APHLC).
Lajong are the only team in the I-League without foreign players this season and have signed all the players from the North East.
In Group A, Laitkor, who finished second last season, have been included alongside Umpling, PFR Football Academy, Mawkriah West, Kick Start Academy and future.
The union understands that it is no longer permissible to park vehicles at night in dark places; This was stated in a statement by the General Secretary of the Seng Samla Saitsohpen Sohra.
The ceremony was attended by Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, as the chief guest, Bah SSR Bamon, Principal of Ri Bhoi College and Professors of the college.
They also finished second in the tournament, while Services are in first place with 10 points.
He said that government schools have a very low number of students and this makes it difficult for the government to upgrade them from Primary to Upper Primary and so on.
On the statement by the KSU, that the state government should wait until the state gets a strong law to protect the people and allow it to introduce a railway line in the state, u Bah Tynsong said: He said that he has nothing to say on this issue, but it has been handed over to the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District to convene a meeting to take the opinion of the groups involved.
On another question, Sohliya said that there was no written statement from the education department to show that the report has been submitted to the education department.
The reason why the VAB has to go to the Ministry of Home Affairs is because the District Council is under the 6th Scheduled which falls under the Ministry of Home Affairs.
At 1 pm, Rev.GPL Gadew gave a sermon on the message that as Christians, we should be thoughtful in our daily lives and live together. and God for the sake of entering the throne of the kingdom of heaven.
Referring to the threat to resign from the MDA government on corruption charges, Sinha said the BJP is against corruption and wants to have a corruption-free government. long as steal from the poor.
She passed away on 02-05-2
According to residents of the area, they said that there was a loud explosion from the scene.
It is for this reason that the G20 Submit will be set up to look into the issues.
Roadside meetings will be allowed to take place, provided they have a limit of 50 listeners.
“Now Garo Hills has become like heaven.
The question is why we have declined so far in terms of education when Shillong used to be famous as one of the new education centers not only for the people of the state but also for students from other states.
The funeral service will begin at 1 pm.
In this there is a benefit for all of us, for the whole world.
Nongstoiñ, July 15: The training session for farmers of the area, which was held at Nongstoiñ College for three days, concluded today with the presence of Pa'iem Phylla Singh. Syiem, Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, was the chief guest in the presence of Dr. RK Tombisana Devi, Principal, Dr. I. Mawthoh. Nongstoiñ College and other dignitaries of the area.
Many saw and were amazed at the wisdom of the monkey to save himself from the flood.
It is just a statement that the farmers produce from time to time and in the end they have to work hard to support their families.
The loss has been in the tens or hundreds of crores of rupees in 2020 and we will lose hundreds of billions of rupees in this second wave of the pandemic.
However, the VPP has chosen to work on its own and will cooperate with other members of the Opposition only on certain issues.
However, in his view as a business man, it was not so.
When the morning came, both the mother and the son got up and soon Niakha came out of the house to go to Thanat.
Jesus was crucified to death for the foundation he stood on.
Although we see that there are many tourist attractions in this area, we see that the roads to reach these places are very bad and we see from time to time that there is an earthquake. These areas are especially from Pomlum to Dawki.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that he does not know the meaning of the arrival of this strange bird but he said that it may have come from other places.
The office bearers of the HSPDP Mawkyrwat Circle are Nolipstar Lyngdoh, Working President, Spaidar L. Paliar, Vice President, HS Lyngdoh, Dmenly Lyngdoh and Ioanis Iawphniaw, General Secretary, KD Wanniang, Joint Secretary, Heral Jyrwa, Nendar Lyngkhoi and Phailo Syiemlieh, Organizing Secretary, JM Lyngdoh, Assistant Organizing Secretary, Overjoy Lyngdoh, Public Secretary. , Treasurer of the House of Representatives.
He said the Indian government has increased the price of rice to T.200 per kg and the BJP government in Rajasthan will charge only T.450 per kg under the Ujjwala scheme. He advised the people to continue to support the BJP as the development schemes will continue to flow.
With the loss of three top wickets, the team struggled to reach 208 runs to win, but Dipayan Nandi, who tied 95 off 194 balls, scored 10 runs. including 13 fours.
Speaking on the allegation that Assam has forcibly constructed the road in Bakhlapara Village under Nongspung Hima, the Syiem of Nongspung Hima, Paiem Patrick Syiemiong, recently visited the road. He said that the Hima will lodge a complaint with the KHADC and also to lodge a complaint against the construction of the road. and he shall cleanse the road.
Shillong, Lber 02: After the people of Mawlai have completed the casting of their votes and the counting of votes was completed on Friday, it was seen that Mawlai has created a history of VPP candidate Brightstarwell Marbaniang has defeated two major candidates including former MLA PT Sawkmie and MDC Teibor Pathaw. The NPP candidate who is also an MDC has received 15648 votes which has shocked many of the people of the state.
Speaking on another issue, Pyniaid said that one of the reasons why he missed the ARPA meeting without informing the CEM was because he was informed late two days before the meeting. There was a meeting, so he had to go to the work he had already appointed with the people.
The GHADC has tried to reduce the number of employees from 2100 or 2300 to
The strengthening of our wealth in the state will further strengthen the trade of the state as a whole.
Besides, this competition has also attracted many participants especially children and youth from Sohra and neighboring villages.
The experts said that the prevention of death is the biggest challenge before 2025 and will cost £388 billion ($504 billion).
“Since I assumed office as the leader of the state, there have been many protests, starting with the incident in Langpih which killed one person, followed by the victory of the GNLA, the clashes between the Garo and Rabha, “We have already resolved all these issues but there are still those who want to resolve them,” he said.
But Sub Inspector, ER Marak shot to the sky to make him scared.
Transforming people’s lives through digital platforms for the peopleIndia is leading the way in digital transformation by leveraging technology to further improve the lives of the country’s people .
He said that he started the polygamy business in 1983 and his 17th wife will be born this month.
Others who attended the function included Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh MLA/MDC who is also the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Daniel Thangkhiew, OSD of the Minister, Fr. Sylvanus Nongkynrih, Fr Genesimus Nongneng, Assistant Parish Priest, Fr. , Umbir, in the presence of women religious, members of the Parish Pastoral Council, members of the Parents, Women & Youth Associations and other youths who attended more than 500 people.
He also urged the parents, the community and the police to fight against drug abuse and drug trafficking, saying that without the cooperation of the community, Police alone will not stop the illegal drug trade.
Jesus Christ is the master of all things.
All the students who have passed the SSLC examination, should submit their marksheet documents and send them to the office of the party in Nongpoh or to the President or Secretary of the party in their circles. you are all over Ri-Bhoi.
In a complaint to the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, the KSU and JSU said, “Considering the rights and welfare of our students, we request you to They also alleged that they witnessed many irregularities and errors during the NEET examination which was held on the 5th of this month. in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills.
The government wants to demolish all illegal coal factories by Friday of this month.
“We are happy that we have been able to remove the soh that has destroyed our thiar and now from now on we will stand up and work and we strongly urge the residents not to lose hope,” she said. .
Kumar, after receiving the khung, had a desire to contest for the post of IAS, then, he started spending his money, but now, his plate, is empty and he Therefore, I believe that my victory in the KBC election is the path to the destruction of my own life.
She said that “many people don't know that Little Flower School has many skilled teachers who work with the children and it is difficult to see this in other schools”.
It is learned that the MLA scheme has been suspended and has not been released in those constituencies where the MLAs are fighting against Mukul Sangma, who are Congress MLAs.
If we don't know how to use it, we will stay behind and we won't be able to move forward in any way.
The KSU expresses its deep sorrow and sorrow over this incident and urges the police to conduct a thorough investigation.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that the MG-NREGS of the state has received T.1600 crore, which is higher than that of Assam.
After staying for a few days Thomas Jones realized that if people did not know how to read and write it would be very difficult for them to understand the message he was going to share with them.
T 1251 crore for the 71.5 km project, which will be implemented by the Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA) if successful, will be implemented by the Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA). He also built the Dawki Bridge on the Umngot River.
The government has also announced a compensation of T.2 lakh each to those who died.
Speaking after the CAB was passed in the Rajya Sabha, Allantry said that if the ethnic parties come to power in all the states of the North East, the central government will not be willing to impose as it has done. “If the states in the North East are ruled by national parties, the national parties are not willing to do or force as happened with the CAB. be careful here chess.
The purpose of the campaign is to encourage the village leaders to support children with mental disabilities and to encourage them to go to school so that they can learn. to stand on their own feet.
Isaiah 66:18 / 19:24:25.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor Kharbteng, one of the elders of the Kur, said that the Kur should be united and take responsibility for the welfare of the Kur.
East Khasi Hills SP M Kharkrang said that Phyrnai has escaped from NEIGRHIMS Hospital since 17th November 2013, and police are searching for him in collaboration with the police. Kolkata police received a tip that the HNLC member was on Chittaranjan Avenue in Kolkata and police raided the area and arrested him. He was accompanied by another friend, Nand Kishore Thakur.
He said that this Science Stream will provide adequate services to the students.
The party will honor all the Jaintia students who have passed well in various examinations as well as the students with disabilities who have passed various degrees as well as the prominent sportsmen and women who have passed well in various examinations. and in the Jaintia Hills.
The English as conquerors were defeated and powerful.
The Minister said about 50 Way Side Amenities and 50 View Points have been constructed.
The Deputy Commissioner also informed that the order to introduce odd and even numbers will apply to commercial vehicles such as PTS buses, SSPTS-Maxi cabs, iong and stem taxis. , which run from Court Point to Police Bazaar and Motphran.
However, in the upcoming election, more than 1,000 Garo friends will come to support the HSPDP. In the Nongstoiñ constituency, there have been seven candidates from Macmilan Byrsat. Makmilan Kharbani of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), Polestar Nongsiej of the UDP, Gabriel Wahlang of the Congress, Sanjiedkynsai Shangrit of the HSPDP and Boby Kharchandy. as an independent candidate and there may be another candidate from the BJP although it has not been announced.
Isn't it a great loss if there is only a new house but it is empty without the necessities.
Muslim law allows up to 4 wives (if the husband can provide for them), and he can also grant Talaq Talaq to his wife(s) if he does not understand how to live. it's just right.
Replying to a question, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said the government has requested the VPP leader to stop the strike and come to the talks but he has refused.
He said that when the state started fighting for this, there was no exemption for Meghalaya from the CAA and now only 97 percent has been exempted and the government is still fighting for the complete exemption of the state.
“Therefore, we request your office to inform on the price of tyndong lyer shet jingshet every month through the media so that the public can know the exact price of tyndong lyer shet,” she said. establish.
He said that according to information received, many of the drug traffickers and drug dealers used to harass and harass other drug traffickers or drug users, which led to street violence.
It doesn't matter if you are in a life without wealth but you have a life ruled by KNOWLEDGE TIP SOT and EARNING RIGHT, on my part as someone who comes from a family that is not RICH I am send your PRAYER PHIRAT THAT YOU WILL CONTINUE TO BE THE RIGHT TO PROTECT YOUR COUNTRY. YOU WILL BE IN DANGER IF YOU DO NOT HAVE THAT RIGHTS THAT VIOLAT THE RIGHTS OF OTHERS. THE CHILDREN OF THE COUNTRY ARE SAWA. THE SPIRIT OF SHYNRANG OF THE COUNTRY DEMANDS, TO PROTECT OUR COUNTRY AND TO PROTECT OUR LAND, TO PROTECT OUR LAND TO TAKE CARE OF OUR COUNTRY. In conclusion, how does this work in Khasi Jaintia?
The pastor has made a great contribution to the country, the nation and the society.
I used to think that if Thomas June came first to Jirang or War Jaintia it would be very difficult for people to understand their language because it is very difficult to understand when the people of Jirang and from them Thaiñ Jaintia people used to come to take medicine with me in Nongstoiñ when they talked to each other in their own language I couldn't understand anything they said even though they were Khasi. Rev. Thomas June in Sohra and the creation of the Khasi alphabet in the Sohra language was the plan and direction of God.
“The story of development is only the beginning; some development projects have been achieved, such as the development of infrastructure, FOCUS and PRIME, development of the state through various festivals and others.
According to the Gospel of John, “The next day (Sunday) the next day (Sunday) the great crowd that had come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem, They went out to meet him and shouted, “Hosanna! Blessed is the King of Israel, who comes sitting on a donkey's donkey.
Some of the officers of Assam saw this from a distance and hid the Dulir related to the border and immediately took them to Assam.
“The profiteering after receiving the Adhoc grant by suspecting how much one says another has received, has created suspicion because we don't have a strong desire to dedicate ourselves to working for the community.
James said that according to the Constitution, the term of office can be extended and elections can be postponed only if there are two reasons, the first is only if there are any urgent demands that are not met. The second reason is only if the approval of the Governor of the State that elections cannot be held for reasons that he himself sees as demand extension of term.
Simon Siangshai was elected MLA in 1988 as an independent candidate, in 1993 as an HPU candidate and in 1998 as a UDP candidate. In 2008, he contested from the NCP and was defeated by Nehlang Lyngdoh.
All day long, he lived alone like a fool, because it was the first time he had walked slowly, without drinking anything.
The next day they left for Nyrtiang and arrived at 8 pm.
The carrying of firearms in public places has been banned until the end of the elections and all persons with firearms license from Eastern West Khasi Hills, District have been directed to surrender and put them down immediately. They have their guns at the nearest Police Station.
He gave the opportunity to the people to complete the withdrawal until November 30 and after that the government will announce another.
In the case of bounce checks, almost always the delay is due to the absence of bank staff.
The DSP of West Jaintia Hills District, who is the investigator of corruption, has received a fine of T.1,18,50,000/- including a Discretionary Grant (DG) of T.66 lakh and Former CEM Madonbai Rymbai, who is also the MDC of Khliehtyrshi-Sohmynting constituency, has received a gratuity relief of T.52,50,0
Referring to football, he said that football is known as a sport to exercise for health, but as it is now, football and sports are factories or sources of income. you don't have a job to live for young people.
I think if they approve, they will approve in November this year.
It is pleasant to see that the people in these areas have cleared their minds because they have faced many problems since the arrival of the Cement Factories especially the lack of clean air as in the past.
On the same day, the Minister also launched five Prime Tourism Vehicles.
When we went to clean up the river, we found that instead of less synrum, there was more and more.
Shillong, June 10: The 106th Suk Spiritual Festival of the Seng Khasi Mawkhar Shillong has ended today at Weiking Dance Ground, Jaiaw.
The future is bright? Why listen? In the words of Dietrich Bonhoeffer (Christian who fought against the Nazis), “Christians without Christ will be, Christians without strong disciples.
What happened to the daughters of Manipur cannot be forgiven,” said the Prime Minister in his speech before the start of the Lyiur session in the House.
Kong Salva has discussed with the farmers how to grow Soh Kivi which is valuable, easy to grow, and suitable for cold areas like Sohiong, Nongthliew, KRANG and other cold areas, cultivation of Sohmynken jhur in plastic houses to get more yield and can get plastic at subsidy price from horticulture itself and how to cultivate Sohplom in better methods to get better and more Soh Kham.
Therefore, the Seng Samla Sengkhihlang invites all the children of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum from the 12-Daloi and 30 Syiems as well as the branches of the Seng Khasi Seiñ Raij from various branches of the Seiñ to attend this Lympung. to receive many advices to promote the Khasi religion and to preserve the customs and traditions.
It is a hard work of the team and they need to improve their performance in the match against Sikkim at home.
Looking at the documents and records (such as the White Paper on Indian States), it seems that there was a special favor for the Khasi States to be included in the Sixth Schedule, while Syed Saadullah, one of the Members of the Constituent Assembly from Assam in his speech on 21.11.1949 while taking part in the Third Reading of the Constitution of India said that there is a Constitutional Anomaly in the Constitution of India. The Khasi States have been relegated to the Sixth Schedule. Since 26.01.1950 (Republic Day), the Khasi Hills have not been included in the Sixth Schedule. They are full parts of ASSAM, but they remain within the boundaries of ASSAM only as defined in the First Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, July 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, today said that the meeting with the 13 political parties today was a successful one before reaching the goal.
At the same time, he said that there is a landslide and landslides on this road especially during this rainy season when there is heavy rainfall and this has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of this area in travelling. They live by selling their kwai and tympew to the market every day but even so they work hard to deliver their goods to the market. iew sha hat, said Samla Talang according to the observation and findings of the Seng.
That's when we received news that out of the 11 people who tested positive, almost all of them tested negative.
This has happened in some areas of the constituencies where these MLAs are headed.
The winners received a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka.
According to the army, the bridge has been built since the time of the British on the Umkhen River near the Assam Regimental Centre, A-1 Defense Land.
Regarding the extension of their working hours and salary, she said that MeECL has forcibly terminated them since 31st July, while what is surprising is the mismanagement of MeECL. MeECL has been too slow in terms of salary, as in November, employees in Garo Hills District, some have received full salary and some have received only half salary, while in Nongstoin they have not received their salary. Faithful.
He said that the NPP is working hard to win both the parliamentary seats in Shillong and Tura in the MP elections to be held on 19th June this year.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills is 7,971 and in East Khasi Hills, 4,2
The meeting was held at the Training Hall of the office of the Deputy Commissioner, WJH, in the presence of DD Syngai, MCS, Addl.
Bosnia-Herzegovina are fourth with three points from three games.
Asst. Sports Secretary and 12 members of the Executive Committee.
The MPUF during the lockdown to fight against COVID-19 has donated in many places by distributing food items and helping the poor.
He was able to stay in Umden with fishing, cycling, weaving, and singing with the birds.
The Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, after opening the Cabinet meeting, said, “We have accepted the recommendation of the Anomaly Committee regarding the education department.
Choirs from Umpling, Pynursla, Nongkrem and Nongtalang Youth Churches and in the second service there were choirs from Sadew Youth Church, Choir of Delegates, Wapung Church. and the Standing Choir of the JSKJP Eastern Synod.
Dr Sankey said that he too is one of the students of this school and even though he was an MDC he spent a lot of money in providing training to the students of this school without any payment just to help. the school to provide education to the children.
Shillong: There have been 66 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills today, including 57 cases from East Khasi Hills and 53 cases from civilians.
It is worth mentioning that during the visit of Rupang to a village in Mawklot, the beneficiaries expressed the problem that they have to stay in the trep house because they have demolished the old house to build a new house through a poor scheme.
Kerala scored the second goal in the 27th minute by the same player.
In another quarterfinal, Deepak defeated Nurzhigit Diushebaev of Kyrgyzstan 5-0 by a unanimous vote of the judges to continue his career. in the Flyweight category; will also compete at the 2024 Olympics in Paris.
He said that the insurgents in the North East have emerged in the past years to protect the people from being persecuted and the fear is that this Bill will change their minds. The people of this entire Eastern Region will bring about a mass protest.
The attack was prompted by attacks on US troops in Iraq and Syria.
Jowai, Naitung 1: An Assam Regiment soldier who was on his way home this morning to burn his father, has died in a collision between a motorcycle and a Night Super Bus this afternoon. near Bihsyntiew, Mihmyntdu while his friend was seriously injured.
Speaking clearly, the VPP does not need such supporters, he said that the party wants respectable supporters because from the beginning, it has said that it will run with dignity and therefore the party will take care on this side.
“We are not accusing anyone and we are not against anyone.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) on Tuesday held a meeting with the recognized sports federations to discuss the government's financial support.
When asked what the Seng will do if the government does not listen to their demand, he said.
The KSU Lakadong Unit together with the leaders of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit including Andreas Lyngdoh President Lakadong Unit, Education Secretary Emmon Chyrmang and other leaders on the 13th sent a letter to the SDSEO demanding the repair of the SDSEO. This is a government school, where children have to attend classes in the water.
Shillong: The Government has set a target to complete the construction of the DIPR office this year.
In chasing the target, the Netherlands batsmen struggled from the start and lost all wickets in 23.3 overs after scoring 105 runs.
He said that there are only a few areas in the Bhoirymbong area where the storm has affected the crops and apart from this there have been no incidents of injury or affecting the lives of the residents of Ri Bhoi.
“You're so old, you're still a child,” said Kynsai to his brother.
On July 8, the water level in the lake was 3162.30 feet, but this evening at 5pm it has risen to 3164.95 feet.
The post-mortem has been completed and the body is at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
Speaking to media, HNYF East Khasi Hills President Bah Bless Dkhar said, “If we celebrate the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, as a Hynniewtrep people, we need to celebrate the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. This is the special day of Rev. Thomas Jones.
If the party finds that such foreigners do not accept these jobs, it will punish them according to the rules laid down by the party.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Minister said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the Jal Jeevan Mission from Red Fort on 15th July, .
This group also brought about a new way of thinking about “politics and religion.
“The office bearers of the unit were confirmed by Prestone Tynsong, Mawlai MDC Teiborlang Pathaw, Kennedy Khyriem NPP Mawphlang, BR Kharmujai and others.
The SLFC has not lost to Fangdajied United FC in the SPL since 31st March
In the 80kg category, Johanan D. Nongrum (St. Edmund's College) won by defeating Mangjylliew Marweiñ (Sankardev College).
He questioned how the people living on the streets do not receive assistance from the government, while how the insurgents receive assistance from the government.
Afroman, whose full name is Joseph Edgar Foreman, feels that if he is elected as the new US President, his main goal will be to curb and eradicate drugs. good in this country and who have also taken the lives of many residents.
Samla Jayson Nongrum said that the union is also concerned about the use of Gamosa clothes by the Assamese but also Ryndia clothes. promised to take action and accept the recommendation of the party.
The UDP has prepared for the MP election in which the candidate of Dr Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary, has appeared better than other candidates.
The percentage is 83.70%.
As Christians, we must know that this giving and receiving of money to buy and sell our votes is not only illegal, but also forbidden by Christian teachings and beliefs.
The Achik Youth Welfare Organization (AYWO) and the Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) – Southern Zone have admitted that there is no smuggling of sugarcane to Bangladesh through the border of South Garo Hills.
The reason is due to the illegal mining of the mawbah which has destroyed the area.
The Vice president is Marhok Marboh, Vice president Danny Shadap, General Secretary Ricky Shylla and Chief Organizing Secretary DS War.
As it is still the rainy season and the Seng has found that many of the trees have fallen to the ground and are about to collapse, the Seng urges the Department in charge to The government will take action to remove these trees so that it will not cause any incident to the school children, the public and the vehicles passing through these areas.
On this occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie also donated money to the Catholic Elders Association of Umjathang for the participation in the service to be held on the 14th of July, 2022, on Sunday.
Most of the water flows into the northern parts of Bangladesh and Assam.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit led by Samla Ferdinand Kharkamni, President, Bah Lambok Rymbai, General Secretary and others, today met with Kong RM Kurbah. , Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi, for information on the implementation of the Entry Point and also on the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act,
Speaking to media, Banjop said that while the Governor has already recognized the CEM elected in the House, the state government does not want to recognize the CEM. The refusal of the state government to recognize the CEM is only a ploy to delay the UDF from coming to power and this has caused suffering to the people.
Therefore, let us understand that the rules of the Model Code of Conduct are implemented as follows: The ECI has put these issues in order to be followed without discrimination. whoever.
Ardent said that the election campaign at this stage is only how to defeat the VPP. It doesn't matter if any party wins whether it is the RDA, the NPP or the Congress. VPP.Why are they so afraid of the VPP, said Bah Ardent.
The Parliament of India has played a major role in the construction of the largest democracy in the world.
The Act was passed during the tenure of Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Brington Buhai Lyngdoh.
Finally, the Union urges all the Dorbar Shnongs in the Bri u Hynniewtrep (Ri Khasi & Jaintia) to take action and vigilance in their villages to protect the villagers from such tragic incidents. and they shall not be ashamed.
After India gained independence on 15th August 1947, the Hynniewtrep people faced two questions; one, to be completely independent from foreign rule and two, to join India.
Rangdajied started the match with Tremiki Lamurong who took the ball to the right side.
Why don't children get vaccinated against Covid 19? 15.
The power outage at midnight has been a golden opportunity for thieves and robbers to break into the homes of people.
The Court has fixed the hearing of the case for July
SHILLONG: The Congress Spokesperson in the State, Bah HM Shiangpliang, on Tuesday said that the Congress party welcomes and needs the leading leaders of the State to join the party.
Jhur and meat vendors will also be at Iawmusiang and Iawthymme at the same time from 9 am to 5 pm.
and that they were cleansed and cleansed.
“At this time, it is necessary for the people to show the way and ensure that the AMSU will continue to be a non-political group but to hold bloodless protests.
Not only in the state, but it was reported that in a school in Jiangsu, east China, they did the same, because there were many children who were poor, because their living conditions were not good. .
In Assam, the people are more likely to do these; Arran Consul, Factor, Up-to-Date and Talisman.
Royal scored the third goal in the second half through Samborlang Langte in the 51st minute.
Therefore, it is necessary for the supporters of the party to stand firm with one mind to bring back the victory of the Congress party, in order to get back the rule that is not corrupt or biased.
This is the second time that North Liberty Higher Secondary School has qualified for all three finals of the Subroto Cup, including the Under-14 Boys', Under-17 Boys' & Girls' finals. District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District.
The former Chief Minister will contest against the NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang.
How can I register the land without a No Objection Certificate from the Dorabr Shnong?”, said Bah Rapsang.
It is here that they say, “Sit and stand and meet.
There have been two deaths from the disease in the state so far.
None of the residents came to listen. Even the way of preparing, conducting and speaking at the meeting was very different and corrupt.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Rowel said the companies which the government has already awarded to build the electricity project such as the Kynshi project and others, have not yet completed.
Speaking of Dr John Roberts, we cannot forget his contribution to the development of Khasi literature.
Therefore, the Seng cannot ignore the complaints of the people, it has to clean itself and also pay for the cleaning of the line, said a statement from Nicholas Lyngdoh General Secretary SSSU cum Asst. Secretary of the Village Council.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “We will send the information to the High Court.
“However, it is our duty during the elections to explain the truth to the people and voters of Meghalaya.
These are the Halari Coke Factory in Pohrasong and the Shauryansi Coke Factory in Wah Samsier in Sutnga District.
Therefore, we have to commend when the police arrest the biggest traffickers even if the biggest traffickers are in other states or neighboring countries like Myanmar.
We also breathe the clean air and drink the clean water that God the Creator has provided for us through our beloved and holy nature without paying and without having to spend time. I have no power to get them.
And like government departments using red buses or government schools now, teachers and professors are also selected as they wish.
The death toll has risen to 5,116 and in the past 24 hours alone, 884 people have died in the country.
As part of this goal, he said that the government has also built sports grounds in different parts of the state which has opened up the sportsmen to develop.
Because it is good to avoid evil, and to preserve the knowledge of the kur, the knowledge of the kha, the knowledge of God and to feel ownership in the family, even if the religion in the family is lost.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma today announced that Union Home Minister Amit Shah will visit Assam on the 24th of this month. month and the next day he was going to participate in several events.
Leaders of the Jhalupara Village Council including Publicity Secretary Bipen Pradhan, Prakash Bhandari Rangbah Shnong and Mohan Gurung, Executive Member said that they will ensure that there will be no racial discrimination and that it will not affect the village council. peacefully afterwards.
Tony Roy Pale, 28, of Kyrdem, Shanbor Maring, 19, of Mawtnum and Shanbor Maring, 19, of Mawtnum were arrested on Tuesday. Kyrshan Khyriem, 28, of Mawtnum.
They said that the UDP has already nominated Dr Jemino Mawthoh for the MP post, while the HSPDP has already nominated Bah Renikton L Tongkhar and the PDF will sit again before bringing back the candidate. “This is a discussion and the final decision will be taken by the MDA and as it is the ethnic parties want to get MP candidates from Shillong by the ethnic parties to become MP candidates,” he said. brother Renickton.
Bah Shangpliang also alleged that the people have continued to leave the Congress party every day.
“This will shock and surprise the Congress party,” said the BJP leader. He said that people do not trust the promises made by the Congress government and have fought to overthrow them. This is the authority in the state.
To protect the people in Ri Khasi, it is not yet possible to approve what the central government has ordered, said Bah Lambor Malngiang.
The following can happen when you are afraid or worried:–I agree with what you have written.
The purpose of this is that during the heavy rains, they can collect the water and store it in specially constructed water treatment plants for reuse during the dry season.
The monument was erected by the British Government in honor of the 67 Khasi who died in the First World War. 'Sweet and decorum is for my country' which means 'pleased to die for the country'
Nongpoh, Nailur 29: St. Michael's Higher Secondary School Umsning today concluded its celebration with the students, teachers and alumni. The 60th Diamond Jubilee of the school in the spread of education in Ri Bhoi District.
However, Bah Phrelington Dkhar Sordar of Mawrusyiar Village, has donated the land in 2013 by signing a social agreement that the relevant department will employ the relatives of the land owners. .
Many tin houses were lied down.
In the Mawriang GS Circle, the villages are Pashum, Mawriang, Solong, Mawyngkang, Pyrdiwah, Umkrem, Kongwang, Umsyiem, Wahkdait and Iar Bamon.
After seven games, Ladthadlaboh have 10 points after losing twice.
The suspect was identified as Senja D. Shira of Damascus.
However, there are also countries where the death toll is only 1 (one) and 2 people.
Explaining about the incident, Wanteibor Makri said that the incident happened only because Marcus Marten asked about the flag of the auto rickshaws. Therefore, the leaders of the Association, who take part in the activities of the Association, who receive information when there are any programmes, However, they did not receive any news about the flag raising program and that is why the auto drivers stopped working on the 4th. Tens of thousands of farmers are now on the border of Delhi and they have refused to meet to discuss the Farmers Act. Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs, Government of Meghalaya.
Later, police conducted a raid at Nongsning village on the NH6 to conduct a search operation on all vehicles coming from Lumshnong area.
Adding to this, Bah Khrawkupar Nongsiej President of FKJGP Mawlai said that the government and the police department from the very beginning have shown incompetence in the search operation to arrest Bah Che even after several attempts. he was syllok for me.
AG Jyrwa 36', B Khongsdam 44', F Sutiang 50' and D Kongwang 52', 84', 86' scored the goals for Mawkhar.
As soon as they seized the truck, the team led by Joshine Antoney and others went to the cow market in Baridua and found 10 trucks carrying cows carrying too much. 371 cows, for export to various places.
Shillong, July 08: The Border Security Force (BSF) of the 43rd Battalion and Police on Saturday conducted a raid and seized more than 11,000 kilos of kwai tyrkhong. 24 lakh worth of drugs were smuggled from India to Bangladesh.
The court also ordered that the youth should pay a fine of T.10,000 in two cases and if he fails to pay, his imprisonment will be extended. been by 1 year.
The farmers have thrown away their crops to feed the Synod, as well as government employees and businessmen.
There was also a song by the Staff Nurses of RP Chest Hospital, a testimony by the patient who has recovered from TB, a greeting by Dr.M Mawrie who is the State TB Officer. and other programs.
In this constituency which is also the hometown of the BJP President in the state, his sister who is also an MDC of the constituency who left the UDP and joined the BJP can contest as the only candidate. Ampati, Jymmang 16: Two bridges, one at Gopinathkilla and the other at Bakdagre, near Mahendraganj in South West Garo Hills, have been flooded this morning. of Sunday, from heavy rain, that night all night.
Lifestyles in many cities have been badly affected, but people's livelihoods in rural areas have been hit harder because of collapsed houses and damaged crops," she said in a tweet.
Earlier, there was a belief that the governments of Meghalaya and Assam are the same and it would be easy to resolve the border issue, but this has not happened.
Those undergoing treatment are 53,035 and 30,152 have recovered.
The National Investigation Team is scheduled to leave for the United States as part of an investigation into the Khalistan attack on the Indian Consulate in San Francisco on 2nd November.
However, it was said that the police did not open fire on the robbers because of the presence of women and children, but they conducted a lockdown and arrested the robbers.
Prof Ceclile Mawlong, Dean of Social Science, who was the chief guest, while speaking at the meeting, gave some important suggestions especially for these 23 students. encourage them to know themselves first by examining themselves.
“We can’t just look at the situation through one election but we have to understand that all elections are different and all states are different and circumstances regarding elections are always different from place to place place", said the Prime Minister.
Biate United FC opened the scoring in the 59th minute and before the end of the first half, Larket turned the match into a draw in the 80th minute.
Some grants such as those relating to the management of health services, the management of agriculture and other related activities, the management of the Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary show the main characteristics.
The woman has lodged a complaint against her husband, the fortune-teller, her parents and brother. of your husband.
“Therefore, the members have ordered to convene an emergency meeting of the Academic Council to discuss the improper implementation of NEP 2020 at UG level in colleges affiliated to NEHU without approval. of the Academic Council in accordance with Regulation RA-5, Clause 13, under Clauses (1) (a) and (2) of Statute 42,” said Prof.Kma.
The state itself wants to get rid of these because we understand that all these will affect our identity and rights as citizens.
The names of the members of the Town Vending Committee who are currently Chairperson shall be the Chief Executive Officer of Shillong Municipal Board. Other members include Assistant Superintendent of Police, Traffic Police, DMHO Office, MUDA, KHADC, two leaders of the Shillong Roadside Hawkers Association. , 3 leaders from the Progressive Street Vendors and Hawkers Association, two from the KSU Sengkmie, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs and the Lead District Manager of East Khasi Hills.
Severe punishment should be given to those who disrupt peace and create ethnic differences.
There is no point or benefit in the National Party status if the MP contests only 2 seats in Meghalaya.
“It is through such programs that we can remember the great deeds of these heroes for the state,” he said.
Therefore, since we do not have a single stick to measure the nature of the city, we can simply say that the city should be a large and densely populated place.
He said the submarine cable has reached Chittagong, Bangladesh and will reach Guwahati.
Proposals and requests or complaints will be accepted from 27-10-2023 to 09-12-2
He said that in the United States, they tried to implement the biometric but the people opposed it and stopped. After that, they tried to implement the biometric enrollment and locally stored information but it did not succeed. opposition to the Christian faith.
Shillong, July 12 : The Women's Football League Tournament 2023 will start on July 19, 2023 at the MFA Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
The meeting was held at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoid in Nongpoh and officers from various departments presented reports on the work of their offices. Ri Bhoi according to the goal of the Aspirational District.
The Hon'ble Crown Court in its judgment/order dated 5th November, 2013 in SLP(C) No.21455 of 2008 among others urged the Electoral Commission of India to prepare guidelines. on the election proposal to be included as parts of the Sample Regulations.
“Therefore, it has been instructed to the MDCs from those areas and also the Deputy Commissioners of both the states to prepare the list of villages which have no objections to the villages at the next meeting. time for us to conduct a joint inspection," he said.
On the other hand, the Chief Engineer (Roads) agreed to look into the matter and promised that the Department will take action immediately.
Mawkyrwat, July 23: Fourteen children from Mawpat village, South West Khasi Hills District have been admitted to hospital after eating tit-dait-saw by mistake. The incident occurred on July 20,
This is the third tournament for the Assam Rifles and Smit, who was the winner of the tournament in 2016, has played against the Assam Rifles. which won the title last year.
Shillong, July 12: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today discussed the Meghalaya Service and Conduct Rules, which prohibit any government employee from holding other posts or becoming Members of any political party, association or local government, the party has accepted that this decision taken by the government is unacceptable in public administration.
At the same time, Sohra received 22.0mm of rainfall while Umiam received 36.2mm.
The DC of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, also spoke on the occasion and stressed the need to rethink agriculture and implement the schemes that the government has provided to the villages and farmers.
Shillong: U MLA of West Shillong constituency, Bah Mohendro Rapsang, has sent a letter to the Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma, regarding many of the incidents that have happened in West Shillong constituency after the elections.
Speaking to media after congratulating Bah Adelbert, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, President of the HYC, said that in fact, this Bill has been introduced by Bah Adelbert. There is no ethnic distinction between Garo and Khasi but only those who pass class 12 in class 12 will be able to study from the quota. of the state.
Founder and Managing Director, Dr Rangksan Singh Thangkhiew said, “It has always been my dream for this hospital to be the leader in the region in terms of providing quality health care.
If the same person holds the village for a long time, it will lead to the destruction of that village.
The ceremony was held at Ummulong Dorbar Hall, West Jaintia Hills, where Wailadmiki Shylla MLA Jowai was the chief guest.
“We leave it to the people whether they want to put up the red flag or whether they want to put up the Indian flag, that is up to them,” he said.
Titos won the election as MLA in 2013, but in 2018 he was defeated by Gavin Mylliem of the People's Democratic Forum (PDF).
Lajong, who are also an unbeaten team this season, are looking forward to the support of the crowd once again to encourage the players to fight hard to score another 3 points. in the house.
Various political parties in the district have demanded that the DC should immediately arrest the robbers involved in the shooting death of Sangma.
After 1945 AD, the Jews regained Israel, in 1947 AD the Jews and Arabs revolted again.
However, when these members of HANM went to check, they found that they did not have proper documents and this led to these members of HANM to expel them.
The prizes were distributed by Rangbah RH Dkhar, Secretary of the Governing Body of the college and at the same time as the chief guest.
Special foods and jali jaum he used to express only to Rida.
Ranveer, who has acted in several blockbuster films and has many fans not only in India but also in other parts of the world, has become the new spokesperson for Pepsi. to the company's beverages in the coming months.
He also said to remember that these precious things always come from the problems of human life.
The National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he will hold a National Executive meeting soon to start implementing the for the purpose of inviting applications from those who wish to contest the Lok Sabha elections.
Speaking to media on Saturday, Sangita Marak, who lives in Shillong, said that after winning the online audition, she was selected to train at Vogue in the city. Jaipur to represent Meghalaya for the Mrs Vogue Star
According to a statement from Rev M.Pyngrope, the live telecast of Good Friday and Easter Sunday will be broadcast at 12:30 pm. the service of God in their homes.
He said that according to the government estimates, there are 184 employees living there, 128 employees of the Municipal department and 56 employees of other government departments.
“Because of the absence of a ban on politics, MDCs in the past years have been reluctant to form parties,” said UDP Working President Bindo Mathew Lanong.
According to the FCA 2023, about 100 kilometers of the border with other countries will be used to plant those plants that the Government feels should be planted so that those states can collect revenue from those plants.
Regarding the scheme for the construction of Aganwadis, the amount received is T.7 lakh, the income is T.2,76,760 and the material is T.1 lakh. and they are still building only 4 paia.
However, the family members, including her husband, immediately denied the police's claim that he shot himself and suspected that there was something behind it.
Shillong: Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh on Friday expressed his deep sorrow over the deterioration of the textbook 'Mawkyndon Haba Kein Jingkhein' published by the Meghalaya Board. of School Education (MBoSE).
The most appropriate word is Shahlam.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Syiem said that music is an important part of his life and he praised the KJP Music Institute for taking this opportunity to training in traditional music and other musical instruments.
Therefore, the party demands that the government should immediately repeal this bill which affects the people,” said the statement.
Shillong: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister, Sports & Youth Affairs, Meghalaya, along with Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President and General Secretary, MSOA and members of the committee, today rode a cycle from the Meghalaya Main Secretariat. The Meghalaya State Cycle Association (MSA) will open a selfie stand at Khyndai Lad Circle (Police Bazar) at 2pm on 22nd July 2021 as part of the joint venture with India. The Tokyo Olympics 2020 will start tomorrow in Japan.
He added that Meghalaya needs to set up a Forensic Science Laboratory to assist in the investigation and trial of those arrested in connection with drug trafficking in the state.
Earlier, the Minister praised Prestone for his dedication to work for the state and not only for the Pynursla constituency.
According to the information received, there is nothing to worry about the law and order situation.
This illegal work of the contractor and the PWD Department without following the rules of the Environment Act has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of Jowai and especially to the river. no in the next few years.
The Mawkyrwat Arm Wrestling Association (MAWA) in collaboration with the office of the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday 29th November, 2023 held a wrestling tournament. The 1st Mawkyrwat Arm Wrestling Championship 2023 was divided into two categories, Armature and Pro Category. of the Dorbar Hall.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that if the number of cases of Covid-19 continues to rise, the state government will have to take another decision to ban the lockdown. Lockdown is once again.
If you don't have a government job, you'll be able to do it.
According to the village authorities of Mawshun, they have talked to the MeECL authorities from Pynursla, but they have not gone to repair the electricity supply till today.
Luigi Dalian Pasweth of North Liberty HSS came third in the HSSLC Science result with 470 marks and the highest marks in English subject with 92 marks.
The NHIDCL said that the work is in progress in three phases, but the contractor who took over the work in the first phase, including the construction of the flyover, has resigned due to the increase. too much price.
Shillong: U Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday criticized the Government for saying that Meghalaya does not urgently need the recruitment of police officers, as the State is now in a state of emergency. shngaiñ from this year and it is not urgent to apply for vacancies in the police department.
Pyntngen Kyndait, General Secretary of the MPFWPO, said that this time they have started cultivating fish only in one field and in the coming years they will encourage other farmers to cultivate fish. fish in their nets.
Now it is up to you and me as the children of the Khasi-Jaintia people to stand firm and unite with one voice to demand and get the rights and special allocation. It must be accompanied by justice as it should be so that the future of our children will be peaceful, prosperous and prosperous.
“A healthy blood cell needs not only to find love but also to have a successful life.
This is against the idea of ​​respecting the Scheduled Tribes in the North East, especially the Christian groups in Meghalaya and Nagaland.
Before the opening ceremony, a prayer was held by Bah SL Paliar, Chairman of the Golden Jubilee Committee. , RWBSC.There was also a short speech by Tymmen Basan SC Syiemlieh, Secretary of the Golden Jubilee Committee, a special song by the Youth Service of the Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Church, a welcome speech by Tymmen Basan JD Nongsiej, Secretary of BSI Mawkyrwat Branch. prayer from the Pastor (Dr).
Gee Mawlong said that the increase in the number of drug users is due to the lack of attention of the government authorities to send raids and arrest these people.
He said that the party would like to remind the people that our leader was not in Nongstoin at the time of the burning of the government office in Nongstoin. It is unfounded and also to report the inability of the government authorities to arrest the people involved in this office burning.
The sixth is Social Security or insurance where people can benefit from illness, after old age, the fifth is Good Governance, which means that Dorbar Shnongs should have adequate offices with internet, computers, and other necessities that do not require the residents to travel far.
Christians and non-Christians alike “shall take part in politics to fight against injustice and discrimination, violence and discrimination by individuals or political parties: that is, by righteousness and wisdom and the politics of knowledge" (Gaudium et Spes 75) with joy and hope.
He also encouraged and urged the youth to continue his higher education and urged him not to stop his struggle in his studies so that he can reach his goals in life.
Despite the success of the Election Commission in conducting elections in a transparent and orderly manner in recent years with the increase in voter turnout, there is also a concern that about 30 crore voters (out of Rs 91 crore), did not come to vote in the Lok Sabha elections in
In the past few days, a video has been circulating in which a Maruti 800 has performed a stunt in parts of Laitumkhrah.
Regarding the needs of the farmers' organizations, he said that the agriculture sector will be developed so that they can also export to other states. meeting.
Shillong, Naitung 28: Dozens of members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) have gathered in front of the District Council today and shouted slogans against the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. They also carried various signs of condemnation to the CEM and the District Council at the gate of KHADC. Uranium mining in different places.
He said that through unity, 'we will be able to raise one voice from the leaders and the people' so that any demands for Ri-Lum Jaintia will be successful by giving an example to demand the establishment of schools ( University).
A US court has ordered the extradition of Vijay Mallya, one of India's richest men in the country, who is accused of embezzling Indian currency. you have T.9 thousand crore.
Speaking about his films, Emilio has starred in The Way which will be released on the 16th of this month.
Mylliem Lum SC have reached the final of the 3rd Division Football League 2023 organized by the Shillong Sports Association ( Shillong Sports Association ). .
“Malmepa is the provider of food and other necessities for Sohan and also looks after Sohan's jri tree gardens, land in Bawegre village, fish pond and others,” said GHP Raju.
It is now 1335 days.
The program was led by the Sub Inspector of Umkiang, B.Marbiang, Head Constable, Rawat, LC, R.Laloo. The threat of drugs affects not only the families but also the society as a whole.
This was announced by J. Lathong, President and B. Kamar, General Secretary, KSU Sahsniang Unit.
Those who wish to participate can send their names to Bah HML Kynta EAC or phone at No.
The Minister of Electricity said that this will open the door for the state to improve in the distribution of electricity.
However, the surprising thing is that now the taste and smell of sohniamtra has changed.
On the other hand, the JAC urges all JAC members and truck drivers and owners to wait until 13th November to get a final decision on the new fare, said JAC Publicity Secretary Jersom. Shylla.
There are other constituencies which have been counted as biej and troiñ but they will show that they are clear and progressive in their way of thinking.
He said this at a public meeting at Malangkona, Athiabari on the 16th of this month.
This was announced by the Prime Minister who inaugurated the Mawpat Block today at Mawpat.
“Not only others who are not from this area, they should know about us.
The West Khasi Hills Badminton Association (WKHDBA) has prepared for the 38th Meghalaya State Badminton Championship 2023 to be held in Nongstoin. (MSBA).
Speaking to reporters, Chief Secretary PK Jena said that as of Tuesday morning, the number of cases has risen to 278, with three new cases. The death toll has risen to 275 as of Sunday, he said, adding that the death toll has risen to The death toll has risen to 278, as the death toll has been doubled.
“MUDA should not issue Completion Certificates under Section 9 and Occupancy Certificates under Section 10 until the demolition of the illegally constructed rooms has been completed,” the court said.
Ferdinand, who is currently the Chairman of the Federation of Persons with Disabilities, in his speech, expressed his gratitude to the KSU. which was specially remembered for him with words of encouragement before he left for the United States.
Regarding others that were previously known and others that are still in the process of being completed, it was found that there is a stream from the Rynjangor Retdung Khur Crematorium which has extended from 20,445m to 23,219m which started from the crematorium. the 7th longest cave in India and the 3rd longest recognized cave in India and the second longest cave within the shun rock areas.
The state government is also preparing to spend about Rs 23 crore for the Games.
The two Congress candidates have shown their principles and agenda if they are elected in the 2019 MDC elections.
He said that Meghalaya has experienced the use of EVMs with Voter Verifiable Paper Audit Trail (VVPAT) which has strengthened the security of the voters, where they can see who they vote for. .
For the science exhibition and seminar, the topics of the science exhibition and seminar were selected from Delhi, Calcutta and Bangalore, and we have judges from various colleges and NEHU as well.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 189 active cases in the state.
“I have directed those who live in Them Metor to report to the Municipal office within 15 days with proper documents but if they don't go it shows that their residence is illegal. “We have given them ample time to take this opportunity and if they don't cooperate it means they have done wrong,” said Prestone.
“Until now, we have misunderstood that development projects and benefits are someone's charity.
Momin also urged the Prime Minister to set up more cashew production plants in the area.
MeECL CMD Sanjay Goyal on 24th June said that the repair and strengthening of the Umiam Bridge (Dam) is targeted to be completed by 30th July.
But the rich man still did not recognize the transfigured Lazarus.
Mike Tyson is one of the greatest boxers in the world, but he is also known as one of the best in the sport and therefore his reputation is He was called "The Baddest Man on the Planet" or the worst man in the world.
Sylliang said the Minister has promised to the Union that he will take this issue to the Cabinet meeting soon and to suggest how to reduce the land registration fee at the office. Deputy Commissioner.
We should not be too concerned about the development of civil infrastructure projects and we should not be able to say that roads or paths are indeed the source of development.
“These four HNLC leaders have arrived in the State since 5th July and have stayed at the IB of MeECL in Sumer.
In the SPL U-18, Nangkiew Irat SC beat Nongrim Hills 2-1
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 9: After the results of Class Xll Commerce, only one student in Nongstoiñ district has passed the examination. list of 10th place.
The discussions at this first National Conference included the current practices in the States and the renewal of land information, the monitoring and management of land related activities. land and another section on traditional laws and customs, current practices and new initiatives and also the role of the Survey of India in the reform of the land information system.
Before the end of the day, a Eucharistic Mass was held, led by Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar d.
She also informed that she and the members of the Commission will visit the village next month.
Let us see how the people of Bengal are.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by Titostarwell Chyne as CEM of the United Democratic Party (CEM) and Pynïaidsingh Syiem of the National People's Party (KP) has been dissolved. Winly Thongni, President of the NPP for 40 villages in Mawshynrut constituency, said that as one of the leaders of the NPP, He demanded that Bah Bindo M.Lanong should be removed from the post of MDC and another should be appointed in his place.
The Minister also launched a souvenir of the school which chronicles the history of the school from 1947 to 2022 and there was also a ceremony to honor the former teachers.
Mewada Shylla top scored with 69 runs from 50 balls and Nick Dann tied 20 runs from 16 balls.
From time to time, as the kur increases in number, they hold a Dorbar Kur.
The Training Center has provided training in many fields including Suhjian, Welding, Computer, Call Center and others. There was not a single Khasi young woman in the training, whether it was from the staff, teachers and trainees as well.
Of course, there are more ways to choose leaders, but if we start with the above-mentioned ones, it can make a difference for the better.
Father Sngi in our Seng, is not only the High Priest of the Catholic Church but also the great leader of the Hynniewtrep people.
They also showed the facts that these JeM militants are operating in Pakistan and demanded that Pakistan should take immediate action to eradicate these militants from the border of the country, she said. foreign ministry news today.
During the meeting, there was a fruitful discussion on the proposal to open a Joint Office of KVIC and the State Khadi Board in Shillong, in collaboration with Khadi India for the purchase of equipment. Khadi and employment opportunities in the tourism sector through the introduction of more Home Stays in Meghalaya under the PMEGP. The Chairman distributed 200 boxes of fish and fish bags to 20 beneficiaries at Pdengkseh Village, Amlarem Block, West Jaintia Hills District.
He said that a meeting will be held soon with the district authorities to direct them that before accepting the complaint, they should consider whether they have grounds or not.
He also alleged that the delimitation committees have been set up for a long time, but they have not implemented their work.
Peons enter and leave as EMs and CEMs, but Syiems, Ministers and even Sirdars have to wait when the time comes.
Those who have spent a lot of time with their research have proved that Yoga exercises help to cure many diseases and relieve pain.
The countries where Bah Rudi has served as an IFS officer include the High Commission of Kenya, Hungary and the Indian Peace Keeping Force in Sri Lanka.
The competition will be held on the 28th November at Kiang Nangbah Stadium at 9 am.
Once in the days of Noah it was found that the earth was corrupt and the earth was filled with violence, and God was very angry that He had created it (Genesis 6:12-13).
These statues are on the stone, which he said he built in only two months without any help.
“Criminals are not afraid of the law because we the people don't understand the power of the law and those who have been attacked or absconded have not come forward to complain against the perpetrators. ".
Last year, even the people did not take part in such a festival.
“What many of the youth lack is the courage and self-confidence to declare that they can do anything,” said Bah Wahlang.
“Our purpose is for these people to be able to talk to the people living in the border areas to know the problems and other situations in this area. “It's a good idea to have a signboard or other activities related to the signboard,” said the BSF chief. The residents of the area, especially those who come to sell their goods, from all over the country Bangladesh and India have come to complain against their troops, BSF and Bangladesh troops for not allowing them to smuggle goods to sell at the market.
Patton also urged the students to be responsible in their use of mobile phones – not to misuse them, but to use them for opportunities. seek education and other opportunities that can improve their human resources for their own benefit as well as for the benefit of society and the state as a whole.
Therefore, to be a happy and prosperous family, we need to love and respect each other and pray to God with heartfelt love. “The love of the Lord endures forever on those who fear him. (Ps 103:17) No matter how poor and suffering we may be, if we surrender and trust in God with righteousness, God will give us the way to live. to those who walk uprightly" (Proverbs 10:13).
What the Book of Daniel says will be fulfilled according to the Book of Revelation which means that these two Testaments speak the same truth about the end times.
On the other hand, the Seng also invites the private sector to open another petrol pump in the area as the demand of vehicles cannot be met by one pump.
“The JBCC was dissolved by the District Congress Committee before I resigned, they said that the party office bearers didn't do anything,” said Victor Rani when asked by Rupang how it was dissolved. The Congress in Jirang after his resignation as it did in the Mawkynrew constituency where the party does not have an MLA but an MDC who has resigned from the Congress party.
Those who give a lot of money, even if they don't have the right to see it, are appointed.
He was rushed to Mawroh village above Markasa village for treatment and he had to stay there for treatment.
The curfew in India will continue until 17th June 2020, during which no flights, no trains and no travel from one state to another will be allowed. Schools, cinemas, supermarkets and hotels will remain closed, according to the central government's order yesterday.
The Minister said that the launch of this program is also part of the implementation of the State Youth Policy launched in 2021 which explains the government's intention to work with the youth, to empower youth organizations to strengthen youth development by encouraging cooperation.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Macdalyne S.Mawlong said that the purpose of providing this parking lot is to make it easier for the people who park their cars in coming and going. The parking lot will benefit the residents of the village to avoid the rain when they park their vehicles to travel as residents of the village.
The Minister said that the unemployment rate in Meghalaya is now 3%, which is less than the national average of 4.7%.
I don't know which house was Kiang at that time, suddenly a man came out of a house and fled into the forest. and the rben I was like ur there.
Conrad Sangma was MLA from Selsella Constituency, West Garo Hills from 2008 to 2013, but was defeated in the 2013 elections. Purno A Sangma is a prominent politician and incumbent Lok Sabha MP from Tura Constituency. His brother James Sangma is an MLA from Rongchugiri constituency. Agatha Sangma is a former MP from Tura constituency.
Shillong, November 19: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Tuesday passed the Captain Williamson Sangma State University Amendment Bill (Ordinance), which opens the way for the expansion of education at the University.
Regarding the number of teachers who have expressed their difficulties in using these apps and who have also expressed their opposition, Bah Kyrmen said that until now they have not received any complaints in this regard. and the implementation of this app.
The Forest Department has issued a notice through the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) to allow foreigners from East Pakistan ie Bangladeshis to apply for the post of Conservator.
According to the source, there is a suspicion that money is the source of the transformation of people who destroy their foundation for personal or group gain.
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : The Congress leadership in the state has not received any information regarding the intention of two of its MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to join the NPP.
According to the PMGSY, roads in rural areas are the responsibility of the State Governments to implement in the State.
Jesus did not teach to love only young men or women, but He gave a new commandment- “...love one another...as I have loved you, that ye also love one another” ( ̄ John 13:34).
Similarly, this will also cause damage to agriculture which is the source of livelihood for the villagers.
Regarding the incident, Meghalaya DGP Rajiv Mehta said he is still waiting for the report of the Assam police. I'll get an answer soon," he said.
Shillong, March 11 : The Bethany Hospital on Tuesday held the second Memorial Oration of Dr. John L. Sailo Ryntathiang, as part of the commemoration of the donation made by the founder of the hospital. u (L) Dr. John L. Sailo Rhyntathiang.
In the 55 kg category, Shemladbha Khongwir (Seng Khasi College) won first place, Benison Marwein (Government Boys' Higher Secondary School) won second place and Shanbhalang Rynjah (St.Anthony's College) won third place. .
The Members of the Executive Committee of the Ummulong District Youth Assembly have won.
However, on the other hand, attempts have been made to find out where the Prime Minister will visit on the 28th, Mawlynnong or Sohra but no information has been received.
On the other hand, the CEM, JHADC said that his EC is ready to resolve these issues.
At the time of the treaty, Syiem Sutnga lived in Jaintiapur, a place in the Jaintia Pargana in Northern Sylhet and the Syiem was called the Syiem of Jaintiapur.
If we look closely at people who are rich (in the right way) and who have worked hard for themselves, they are not proud.
“Both HDR Lyngdoh and Kennedy Khyriem have met me to appoint a BDO in Mawphlang.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Urban Development Department, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Friday, said that the department will issue another notice and the land owners have sent their proposals.
In order to be transparent and fair, the HYC is ready to discuss this MoU in the morning. The HYC is a party that respects the people and the voice of the people. and shall hold a Public Debate on the MoU on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
In the past, Meghalaya has played well against Mizoram but this time the target was not enough at the start of the match with the appearance of three batsmen. Rohit Shah, Wanlambok Nongkhlaw and Lerry Sang were bowled out for 10 runs each.
In the first half, Para Legal Volunteer (PLV) scored 2-0 goals in the first half, while in the second half, Jowai Bar Association & Legal Aid Counsels (PLV) scored 2-0 goals. PLV scored another goal to make it 3-3 until the end of the match.
There may be something behind this action of the government so why should the government immediately take action against this huge project which affects nearly 80 percent of the residents of the state? Even if the farmers don't understand this.
The JYF sends a message to the State Government not to be stingy in terms of health and to provide for the needs of the health department.
After welcoming the teachers, Babu MS Ryntong Secretary MGPSTA Nongstoin Unit explained the work of the union.
Victoria Marbaniang, who accompanied Arphul Kharbani, Gabriel Sohlang and others to Bangalore, said that they left Guwahati on the morning of the 15th of last month. to transport those who went to Bangalore and also showed the train tickets to Bangalore.
Lop Pohtam, who is also the president of the Core Committee of the WJLBEMA, said that the incident happened on the night of the 16th. can faithfully recognize.
He said that as there is a spirit of working for the country and the nation, the BSF has taken the initiative to encourage others who have recovered from COVID-19 to donate plasma.
Some of the placards read, “Stop politics on human life,” “We pray for peace in Manipur,” “Government of India, inaction shows “Dear Government of India, leave politics behind.
Among these children, five children were sent to school by Bernard Marak and were studying at Edenbari School and Auxilium Convent School in Tura.
PHE staff.16.
Shillong, July 17 : The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya is preparing to meet with the Home Minister, Amit Shah to remind him of the issue of Inner Line Permit in the state and other issues. more important in the state.
If this continues, we have no choice but to withdraw from the peace talks”.
“We are in the top position among the three states along with Telangana and Kerala in giving vaccines to children,” he said. one household in the rural areas is a member of a Self-Help Group.
The two organizations invite the public to attend this meeting in memory of Balsan who lost his life in the hands of the law.
Regarding the recruitment process, he said that it depends on the ability of the applicants.
The early stopping of vehicles has affected the people who live far away like Nongrah, Nongmensong, Laban and other places.
They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none good, no, not one" Psalm 14:3
The elected office bearers include Hubert Kharlukhi President, Deibor Warbah Vice President, Teilang Kharmawphlang Secretary, Nylla Mary Wahlang Asst Secretary, P. Langstieh Publicity, Diamond Wahlang Treasurer, D. Langstieh Publicity. Nongkynrih Cultural Secretary, Rangbah Shnong as Adviser along with 11 Executive Members.
Where do you produce that work? How stupid are our people that when you have 9,000 jobs in your hands, you don't want to fill them and you promise to create thousands of jobs?
When asked whether the most popular Khasi songs are from Pynursla, he said that most of the Khasi songs are from Pynursla.
The shortage of 2 children in Wahkaji is due to the rejection of some children during the screening and verification of certificates.
On the work front, Salman has received praise for Kisi Ka Bhai Kisi Ki Jaan which has attracted a lot of attention from the audience.
Hollywood reports say that Chris will have to fight as hard as he can to complete the films he has started acting in recent months and hopefully will be able to return to acting.
Nongpoh, June 02: About 10 groups of youths today attacked foreigners who were staying in the market in Tyrso after a clash broke out at Jatalong village in Ri-Bhoi district. young khasi.
“In these days, the wind of change has come, unpleasant, sad in this country of India which has many different ethnic groups and religions.
One new case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
He said that the Umngot Water Supply Scheme (UWSS) which was approved by Dr RC Laloo was completed during the tenure of Wailadmiki Shylla as MLA and the Smart Town and Mini Secretariat scheme was also introduced in Jowai. The new Jowai By Pass to Amlarem will cost Rs 93 crore.
Parents are devastated when they see their children becoming enslaved to drugs.
Regarding the problem of these market residents on the Motphran Bridge, Bah Ardent said the government should give them 10 days to get a place elsewhere to be arranged by the Syiem of Mylliem.
The meeting was also attended by L&O/TAP/HQ MK Singh, R/PR/F&ES Bah FG Kharshiing, Dy. ER) DNR Marak, and other senior Police Officers and relatives of the promoted Police Officers.
There are 18 villages in the Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) and 8 of them have lodged a complaint with the KHADC authorities that they want to withdraw their membership from the NTC. The reason, he said, is that these villages cannot function and follow the provisions of the Town Committee Act
These laws were sent on Thursday to the leaders of the political parties who have been protesting for the ILP in the past months.
Police have announced that if no one comes to collect the body, they will take action according to the law.
We're safe.
Meghalaya is one of the richest states in the country in terms of forests and natural resources.
Despite these benefits of the Internet, let us remember that we are the pillars of the household. how the true shynrong of the Duwan House should meet together; This helps to make them strong and durable, so that the Temple will be a living place.
According to the union, South West Garo Hills witnesses power outages between 7:30 pm and 9:30 pm for two hours every night and also from 1:00 pm. to 5:00 pm which is four hours every day which has caused a lot of trouble to the students preparing for the examination.
The new cases include EGH: 32, EJH: 08, EKH: 163, NGH: 15, RBD: 57, SGH: 22, SWGH: 19, SWKH: 12, WGH: 63, WJH: and WKH: 08.
Speaking to the crowd before the end of the meeting, Dr Mukul said, “This is not a struggle against the use of weapons, but a struggle against ideologies. choose to be in power with various schemes that are not valuable.
The Law hears, listens, arsut throws the synjat lator by the Ryngkew from above to the sky (the unknown stone comes from the moon or the star is unknown) the family is strong, the sky is strong, the moon is strong. The rivers flowed steadily from mountain to mountain, and two children were born, the stone and the earth.
In fact, we are working together as party leaders,” said Hek.
In connection with today's thanksgiving, the suit lama, which is part of the invitation to the gods to come down and bless, to give the blessings. , so that the organization may receive the power of God to carry out its duties as established.
Earlier this month, the team played two matches against VFB Stuttgart (1-3) and SSV Reutlingen U-16 (6-1).
Shillong, Nailar 10 (PIB): The Election Commission of India (ECI) today held a conference with the Chief Electoral Officers of the States/UTs which have already held elections and the States/UTs which will hold elections in India. International Institute of Democracy and Election Management, New Delhi.
In his speech, the CEM said that the garbage truck was procured from the 15th Finance Commission tied grant scheme of KHADC. Sixth Schedule to receive special protection as a nation.
Therefore, to transform into a State University, it is necessary to amend the existing Act, in which the Cabinet has approved the Amendment Bill to be introduced in the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly starting from date this October.
On the grounds that the state government does not have enough police to guard the illegal coal trucks, the NGT has ordered the Ministry of Home Affairs to provide troops or police. The Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya has been directed to resolve the matter within two months from the hearing on 21st October
No one was injured in the incident or any other incident occurred.
In the Indian round, four players included Manchua Pyrbor, Kirdhart Gurung, Marshal Pariong and Aiborlang Nongrum.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Education Cell together with the students from various educational institutions, today announced the release of scholarship funds. They came to Dhankheti today to hold a meeting with the statue of Bah Bull Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Nailar 11: Police have stepped up search operations in the city as part of their efforts to prevent any robbers from trying to disrupt the Independence Day celebrations on the 15th of this month.
The king of Saudi Arabia died while he was praying.
So those who own the land will know clearly that it belongs to them and those who sell and buy will know that they are selling and buying something that they don't have to fight for.
May God bless you all dear readers and we hope that this disease will end and disappear forever from our state and from the whole world through The HNYF Lad-Rymbai Unit under the leadership of Jrem Surong President and Risuk Shylla General Secretary in the presence of the Organizing Secretary of HNYF East Jaintia Zone Marchial They distributed 60 pairs of hand gloves and sanitizers to the market dwellers and shopkeepers in Lad Rymbai village.
The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Sanjib Banerjee, has called for cooperation in the fight against various crimes, including the spread of drugs and violence. sexual abuse) against children.
Because Remius's phone didn't have balance, while Tyngshain's phone didn't have balance, they sent them away even in the midst of bloodshed with the intention of taking them to Bangladesh. and ryngdang like a blang.
Compared to other cities, Shillong is the worst city in terms of arresting land vendors. The Dkhars have been allowed to block the footpaths.
He was a close friend of Father Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh (Phadar Sngi) in the past decades. honor it.
The report also showed that PWDs have received the Indira Awaas Yojana (IAY) and IGNDPS schemes. There are 196 PWDs who have received the IAY scheme in 2013-14 and only 60 people in 2014-1
They are rich in proteins and essential nutrients such as Omega3 fatty acids and contain a rich source of proteins that can keep your body healthy and strengthen your muscles.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident which happened on 6th July, 2020 at Main. Secretariat, Shillong where one of the prominent journalists EM Jose was treated rudely and rudely by the Minister of Home Affairs, James K. Sangma.
Shillong: There have been 243 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 262 have recovered, 6 have died and 5 have not been injected.
Hallelujah! He is the stronghold, the safest refuge for man.
On 26th November, we wrote to the District Council Affairs Department to approve the Governor to set up a Delimitation Committee but the Governor on 20th March has approved the setting up of the Delimitation Committee. ," said Bah PN Syiem.
Rev.Hynñiewta, after quoting the verses from the Word of God to distribute to the faithful who attended the service, before concluding his speech, recalled the words of one of the leaders of the Prof.GG Swell, after the failure of the APHLC government at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, said, “Remember, wealth will flow into this country like a flood. the time shall overthrow the leaders".
Shillong: The Supreme Court of India has dismissed the Public Interest Legation (PIL) filed by Rakbirthson D. Sangma and Tapan Jyoti against the sale of land. Coal has been mined through e-auction in Meghalaya.
Two Nagaland batsmen lost by run out while Thakuria and Paisal Ali took one wicket each.
Due to a leg injury, the man had to refrain from participating in sports activities.
He said that since 1997 until today, 22 years have passed, since the Supreme Court order was issued, it has been found that the people have not been able to illegally cut timber.
In one of her speeches, Bhumi expressed her sadness to see that many people have not yet understood the value of nature and said that the time will come when they will be punished for their injustice. their.
The farmers in Punjab are well off, because the state government has introduced a law to provide assistance to the farmers, but in Meghalaya, the government has only increased the number of farmers. think for the farmers.
He said that Mairang is a beautiful place and can become one of the world's tourist destinations.
“The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has given us 45 days to finalize the policy before bringing it to the Cabinet meeting,” said Rymbui. The Task Force was held today.
However, besides the discussion to renew the job quota, it is also the responsibility of the government to create jobs.
On the day of the opening ceremony, none of the government officials or the BRO troops explained to the public about the construction method, materials used and the strength of the bridge. They said that the bridge will be used only temporarily until the NHAI bridge is completed.
“It has been brought to the attention of the Ministry from time to time that poor patients, chronic illnesses and other serious diseases who are receiving treatment at AIIMS ). hospital.
Both these two scientific theories fail to understand each other, because man can never be an animal.
Then we witness that only a few of the residents are willing to contribute to such charitable activities.
There the death toll will be higher than now.
In another report, 40 Indian company employees have been abducted from the city of Mosul by Sunni militants. It is not known where these workers are.
However, they can use the MLA scheme to repair and rebuild school buildings,” he said. it needs renewal and transformation.
Sangma has made 45 appearances for the BCCI for Meghalaya and has scored one century and two half-centuries in the Ranji Trophy, one in the one first-class Ranji Trophy and one in the 50 over Vijay Hazare Trophy.
The meeting was held in the presence of KSU Narpuh President KS Suchiang, Environment Secretary Sanatomba Bamon, General Secretary Sanatomba Bamon and others. piece.
Those who attended the ceremony included Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, Adviser of the NPP in Ri Bhoi, Bah Victor Ranee, MDC Jirang; Rangkynsai Kharbuki, MDC Umroi and other NPP leaders in Ri Bhoi and NPP Mawhati Block office bearers.
We want to know what is the difference, when all these vehicles come from the same place (Assam)? In relation to maintaining social distancing, hand washing, face covering, shops from 10am–1pm Vehicles with 2+1 persons and our people coming from abroad should and quarantine is not enough.
Melajied Khongbuh General Secretary KSU Nongtyngur Unit, said that the KSU has agreed to improve and improve the bridge as part of the efforts to prevent the destruction and defacement of the bridge. part of bringing about closer friendships with the mother-in-law.
“This misdeed of the BSF who should have provided security in the border areas has shocked the entire army.
The neighbors of the shop also knew about it and felt sorry for him and his family.
Scientists say there is no harm in trying them.
This means that if a position has been filled by people from any group, through the share of that group, that position will remain the share of that group, even when it is vacated later through retirement. , or the resignation, or the promotion of those who hold that position.
“I believe that the Sohiong constituency after the 13th will be a wise constituency to elect an MLA who has worked hard in the past five years and who has improved the villages which have been destroyed in the past. past.
Ranbir Kapoor has met Mahesh Bhatt, the father of Alia Bhatt, and asked him to allow him to marry Alia Bhatt's daughter. of Mahesh.
This is a clear line of thought.
The Job Reservation Policy includes 40% for Khasi and Jaintia, 40% for Garo, 15% for General and 5% for General. OT and Schedule Caste.
The union said that these incidents may be due to the lack of authorities and also due to the smuggling of smugglers across the India-Bangladesh border as witnessed in the media in recent days. Two days later, the VDP of Muktapur village arrested the suspects.
Rida cried loudly and had to cry until her mother stopped shooting and bombing her.
The Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission, Ferlin CA Sangma was the chief guest in the presence of the Chairman of the Hundred Drums Wangala Festival Committee, Ronald Rikman Sangma, MLA of the United States. Zenith M Sangma, Salmanpara MLA Winnerson Sangma, MDC Sadiarani Sangma, Nokma Council President Skylance G Momin and other guests in the presence of dozens of people. thousand.
Shillong: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday said that Meghalaya and Assam are part of India and therefore the government should find ways and means how to include them. The villages which have been transferred to the State of Assam in the demarcation of the border.
Why, then, did God the Father purpose to send His Son into this world? The reason is that He LOVES people here on earth, to deliver them from sin and Satan.
The race will start from Polo JN Stadium, continue from Lad Sanker Golf Club to Lad Shyiap, MPPS School and end at Polo JN Stadium. .
Thomas Muktieh handed over the Khaprang and her cub to Wanphai Lyngdoh and his team at the Nongpoh Wildlife Department in the presence of Shiningstar Warjri from the Nongpoh Wildlife Department. Ri-Bhoi WEPS.The Ri-Bhoi WEPS, would like to thank Bah Thomas Muktieh for his good example and urges the people to work together for the sake of honoring and loving the Mother. Nature as well as the creatures that God has placed in it.
Meanwhile, Bamil LP School Mangsang of East Garo Hills beat Dabit Ampangdam SSA School 3-0 while Monfort Hr Sec School beat Dabit Ampangdam SSA School 3-0 St. John's Secondary School, West Garo Hills -1, KB Memorial Secondary School, East Garo Hills District beat Rongsang A. Bagre Secondary School 6-0
I am from Moran, Dibrugarh.
The Chief Minister said that the state government has taken special measures to preserve and protect the natural resources of Manipur, including wildlife, wildlife, the birds of the air, the plants; and also to revive the water bodies across parts of Manipur.
The opening ceremony was attended by the MLA and other dignitaries of the area, including Bah BS Teron, Bah SD Matong, Bah B. Maring, Rangbah Shnong of Khongwing and others. and others.
In the first match, the Vidarbha women were beaten by 10 wickets after the target was too small for the Vidarbha women. Vidarbha.
According to sources, there has been a discussion between many MDCs of KHADC to invite their friends to join the UDP at the same time but the talks are still ongoing. It is also understood that besides those mentioned above, there are still other MDCs who intend to join the party.
The woman replied with harsh words, “Why have you come to disturb my work? remember that thou hast no power over me.
The program included a cultural program including traditional dances and dramas with the participation of the teachers.
The students cannot read books as soon as it gets dark and their examinations will be held soon in the next two months.
When checking the ID, it was revealed that it belonged to Iohbianghun Sahkhar.
Shillong: The unemployment rate in the state in 2020-21 has risen to 1.8%. The employment rate was 98.2%, while in 2019-20 and 2018-19 the unemployment rate was 2.8% and the unemployment rate was 97.2%.
This is against the law, they said.
He received the Sacrament of Baptism on November 25, 1993 from Rev. Fr. Francis Kalariparampil, SDB. In 2007, he was born in Savio Junior College, Mawlai.
He said that this incident shows that there is a lack of law and order and peace has fled from Garo Hills.
Bah Rani also sent a statement to the people in which he urged the people to unite and not to have any differences or discrimination against each other. as the members of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, they should be united.
He said that during his visit, he found that there are no Block or VECs which have shown the procedures according to the rules which has caused a lot of confusion and misunderstanding. to the extent of public exploitation by agents who are recipients.
Palestinian militants dropped dozens of bombs on Israel yesterday, prompting Israeli warplanes to shoot down last night.
The union has also vowed to stage a strong protest in Assam if the Assam Government transfers these villages to Meghalaya.
The KSU in a statement released after the raid has confirmed the allegation of the Joint Secretary of JHADC as lodged in the Ejahar.
The Secretariat and other important offices along with the Police Bazar will soon be relocated to New Shillong Township, Sniawbhalang Dhar. to help you avoid the traffic jam in the city.
Sphondar Thongni Thiepdiengngan Kenïong As I have seen in the newspapers, the Women's Wing has demanded from the CEM of KHADC to allow women to participate in the election of the Rangbah Shnong or Minister. Village Sordar in all villages.
“In the past 70 days, we have arrested 80 persons with about 3 kilos of heroin, 140 kilos of marijuana, 60,000 grams of bullets, 22,000 bottles of jyrhoh and about Rs 28 lakh,” he said. Dr LR Bishnoi said that in 2022, the police have registered 116 cases under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, years since the establishment of the state.
I cannot say that the doctors, nurses and all the ASHAs in the villages have been fighting hard to ensure that Covid-19 will not enter your villages.
US troops say the vehicle was carrying powerful bombs and was packed with explosives, but on the way, it was hit by a drone. Many people were killed in the blast and the bombs were completely destroyed.
If this happens in the new Assembly to pass laws in the state, how can we discuss it?
However, those who received the Show Cause Notice expressed their surprise that the Notice does not mention when the Notification was issued. their work.
However, since the Congress is no longer in power, there have been many problems.
These are the borders between Kamrup and United Khasi Hills District, Mikir Hills and Khasi Hills District, Garo Hills and Goalpara District.
Those coming from Amlarem Parish and War-Jaintia areas will enter from Lad Demthring to Moodymmai.
The Travelers Nest has up to 5 cottages or accommodation as well as a restaurant or shop to provide food.
“Through this and other initiatives through various government departments, the state has already started to show the way,” he said.
He also promised to open the gate of Kongthong on the 26th March 2022 and on that day the foundation stone of the road from Kongthong to Sder will be laid.
The knowledge of God is not the knowledge of the wise.
E Mawrie, President, Meghalaya BJP, has promised to take up the matter with the party office bearers and take it back to the higher authorities in Delhi as part of the discussion. before the amendment of the Sixth Schedule.
The Board also requested the SP, East Khasi Hills, who is one of the special invitees, to conduct a thorough investigation into the allegations.
This victory whether in the organization and management or in the ability to play and win medals should encourage more especially those involved in various sports activities.
Regarding the floods in Umpher village, the residents of Umpher village said that there has never been such an incident before, but this is the first time that the floods have happened. The main reason for this is due to the overcrowding of the drains and at the same time due to the negligence of the company which is constructing the 4-lane road.
However, the sad thing is that they don't know anything about the cause of his suicide and it is impossible to know the problems he has because he doesn't reveal anything to his wife or children. nor to your mother.
Meghalaya played well to take all the wickets of Bihar for less than 300 runs but failed to score in the tied over and were reduced to 19/3
John Barla, who visited the village, said that the floods should have stopped but as soon as the government was formed, the floods started again, the power outages started and the water shortage. “These are signs of the government's incompetence,” said Marak in a letter to the Prime Minister who is also the MLA of South Tura.
She also donated an ambulance and a mortuary vehicle with the support of Dr. RC Laloo which were handed over to the Police Department and KJP Assembly Hospital Jowai.
Niangti, who was formerly with the KSU and later, in his membership in KHNAM and the party, has a strong confidence that the new life that Deacon Rimiki has received from his power. God will always be an example to others and urge him to share with the nations the problems of the nation which it faces every day.
The court said it has urged the state government but it is up to the authorities and those in charge to take the necessary action.
She said she has not yet announced how she will act and what issues she will take on her part with the party, but she is ready to release it publicly in July.
At the meeting held on the 2nd of March, the Seng Khasi Mylliem decided to strongly condemn the violators because the Seng Khasi Mylliem has received the dulir of the land from the 5 Kur and 11 Kur. The Hima Mylliem has allocated 10 pieces of land to the Seng Khasi Myllem to use this land as a cemetery.
Another abductee was identified as Fullmoon Kharsohnoh, 25, of Larnai, West Jaintia Hills.
The people of this country have demanded the need of the nation to implement the Rangbah Shnong Empowerment Act.
In another match, St. Claret SS beat Moodymmai SS 2-0
Rupang has also tried to get information on the cause of the incident and according to the information received by Rupang, the incident happened only after there was a news about the incident. The arrival of UCIL along with the equipment to mine uranium in the area.
He said that according to the PIL, it is right to remove the names of the MLAs who hold the same office as MDCs, and the complaint said that it is not their resignation from one of the posts that they have held. but to name them.
Shillong, July 11: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Shillong, has ordered all the people to stay in the area. Block Development Officers and District Officers to be ready and prepared to use the relief measures in case of any natural disaster in Ri-Bhoi.
Regarding this allegation, the Chief Electoral Officer of Assam said that he should have informed the officials at the scene so that they can resolve the issue.
“You don't know that the EC can fail because the decisions need to be taken by majority,” said one Congress MDC.
According to ED officials, the raid started on June 13 and ended on Thursday.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The past three days have been the heaviest rainy days in Shillong.
“Let's go buy fish first and then we'll go to the Khasi shop,” said Kni.
This was stated by Bah C. Lyngdoh Pyngrope and Bah B. Lyngdoh Pynrope, President and Genl.
I request the honorable CM and the Ministers who are in the MDA to show by force and not by words because we have stopped listening only by words without action.
The motorcycle race will cover 3291 km and will pass through nine states before meeting at Ekta Nagar.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Monday gave 10 days to the NEIGRIHMS to implement six demands related to the thep you go to the hospital.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Prince Starwell Sorubai, Vice President of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU), said that most of the farmland damaged by the fire is rice fields, soybean fields, rice fields. tympew, Sohmanir, Kait and many other crops and hundreds of farmland of the people have been destroyed.
Ridahun Nongsiej won the Player of the Match award.
The MPLU recently said that it will investigate the AMPSRA to call for talks on these issues.
With the victory, Rangdajied has now moved up to the fourth position with 15 points while Nangkiew has moved up to the fourth position with 9 points.
However, the question arises here, Does everyone who has reached the age of understanding or intelligence, ask why these evils occur in a society that has been destroyed? The value of human rights and even the dignity of mankind has declined so much that it seems that the law of God or the law of man no longer exists.
I would like to thank you for being quick to announce your name.
Some of the injured were taken to hospital by ambulance and those who could not walk were taken by public transport.
“We are against what the DC said yesterday that it is the commercial taxis that cause the traffic jam.
As part of the promotion of tourism, Mawkynrew MLA Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh visited Rasong village, a village on foot from the tourist spot in Laitlum, where he said: aim to set up a restaurant and accommodation in the middle of the night for the convenience of visitors to the area.
“If there is no other change, I hope that before the end of this year, we will be able to start the work,” said Bah Banteidor.
Publicity Secretary-Phahbormi Sapuh, Sport Secretary- Emidahun Manner, Assist Sport Secretary-Jopmi Lyngdoh, Finance Secretary-Phrangki Papang, Assist Finance Secretary-Leningrad Tariang, Environment Secretary- Banrilang Rabon, Assist Environment Secretary- Lamary- Batskem, Secretary Office , Assistant Sport Secretary- Wanki Suchaing and 16 Executive Members.
“There are many reasons to speak to our Khasi.
These Christian religions strive to impress and promote themselves and to degrade or devalue others.
On this occasion, he said that he has already raised this issue with the party authorities many times.
As soon as she got dressed, she left to go with him.
Speaking to media, the NPP leaders in Mawhati, including Bah Donbok Kharnaior, General of the NPP Mawhati and Bah J.Kharkongor, Rangbah Shnong Mawhati, said that Dasakhiatbha Lamare, has done Mawhati, who has brought about many development projects and who has surpassed other previous leaders.
On the other hand, the DSP (Hq), Bah GAL Marshillong, said that the two persons who have been arrested in the past few days are still under investigation to track down others involved in these illegal activities.
Initially, these types of bungalows or bhavans were difficult to build and operate but Babu Jeebon, who was able to build strong houses, had the shapes of trees in modern styles.
But eternal life is that spiritual experience, understanding, knowledge and relationship with God every moment, and every time we walk in life and beyond life.
The complainants were identified as Julie Warjri of Sunny Hills, Theila Marbaniang of Mawlai, Banisha Jyrwa of Mawprem, Idaris Kharwanlang of Mawbah, Deneris Thongni of Mawkhar, Risuklang Marwein of Shyiap. Margrete Khongir and Vishnupur.
There will be injury to us and one of the dangers as a Christian walking in the world is that the evil one (Satan) will come to rob us halfway if we are not prepared. well weapons of war, then we will surely lose all the things of life and not lose our life (our relationship with God).
The invitation for personal interview is only a way or opportunity for the senior officials and Ministers to interfere in the Government's position for political gain,” said Bah Passah.
It is the responsibility of the KHADC to do this.
Since 2003, Paul has been an MLA and a Minister during his 15 years in the Legislative Assembly.
Khliehriat: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) East Jaintia Hills District has demanded that the Jio Company should provide network in the border area especially the tower at Lama village. especially during this time of curfew, when people watch the media or the necessary information of the Government and also people use to do online classes through mobile phones.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah George B.Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi as the chief guest, Bah PN Syiem, Chairman of KHADC, teachers, students and elders of the area.
The teachers are afraid of the parents because if they don't surrender to the parents, their school will disappear.
Bina Sungoh briefed the groups on their journey until they reached the VO.
Applicants should call +91 84040 93938 to register and proceed with the interview.
Therefore, the union urges the government to turn its attention to this sport so that the youth will be strengthened and encouraged to improve in this sport so that they can take part in this sport. other states and also abroad so that the sports industry can grow.
The State Tuberculosis Officer, Dr M. Mawrie also presented the Ni-kshay Mitra Certificate to Kong RM Kurbah.
The three BSF personnel were identified as Head Constable Moni Singh, Constable Sengel Singh Tudu and BSF driver Kadam Kishore. Browns.
The teachers under the banner of JACATAM have declared a strike in the first phase.
The President of the CSWO also urged the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board to inspect these coal mines even if the water is no longer suitable for use.
He advises that he should insure that he will be safe later.
The remaining 2 KM road is a very difficult road for the people especially during the rainy season. due to the fall of stones along it, which were dropped by the contractors without completing it.
Nonglatem beat Tympang 5-0 in the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy 2013 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Monday.
