This incident occurred on 27th June
The rally also showed the determination and sincere voice to bring peace and end the conflict in Manipur.
The ceremony began at the gate of Lum Sohpetbneng with the singing of thanksgiving at the 'Lei Dwar' Lei road along with the cleansing of the clean water.
The Governor also visited the Border Out Post (BOP) of the 4 Battalion Border Security Force (BSF) at Dawki. u on the measures taken for peace and stability in the region.
The meeting will be held at 10.00 pm at the District Council Hall.
He said that when the UDP goes to ask for support, it doesn't say things that can't happen but it says the truth and doesn't lie to the people.
In other districts, the pass rate in East Khasi Hills was 89.93%, West Khasi Hills – 90.96%, Ri-Bhoi – 88.04%, West Garo Hills – 66.80%. Hills – 74.92%, South West Khasi Hills – 76.73%, West Jaintia Hills – 81.46%, East Jaintia Hills – 71.79%, North Garo Hills – 65.15% and South West Garo Hills – 67.59%.
“At present, only Shillong has been selected and after those cities which have not yet been able to build the requirements, we will be prepared to send them back to the central government to be included as Smart Cities,” she said.
“The State Government will soon introduce a policy to ensure that all those working in the health department in the State should receive job offers even in remote areas.
The Shillong City Bus Syndicate (SCBS) has announced that it has taken over the It has been decided to increase the number of wooden buses operating in Tynring and Mawpdang through NEIGRIHMS Mawdiangdiang and Mawkasiang so that passengers will not face any problems.
HUCC won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 102 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 19.5 overs.
This was announced by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh in reply to a question by Rambrai MLA Phlastingwell Pangniang in the House today.
Kong Pyrngap has saved the lives of many people during the time of childbirth.
“In particular, the four organizations strongly condemn the Parking Lot for the implementation of the Special Quota and the bias in the management. Go first and enter first,” said the statement.
They have used the police and district authorities to evacuate these families which has affected them severely.
Abhilash Banarwal said that he has taken a lot of attention regarding the National Highway by sending letters to the National Highway Authority of India from time to time to repair it. He said that the NHAI has not listened to him. He said that he too as the head of the district has a concern about this and said that soon he will Shillong, Nailur 11 : The All India Trinamool Congress (ANC) has nominated Batskhem Marbaniang as its candidate from Mawsynram in place of Bah HM Shangpliang. The BJP will not contest the 2023 elections.
They should be honoured, even if they understand that it is impossible to eradicate it, but only to prevent its spread.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today under the leadership of Bah Ohibait Dkhar President and the KSU Narpuh Circle, in collaboration with the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle, today visited the township. Foreign workers working at the tax collection gate in Lumshnong.
They include Bishnat K. Sangma, Rangbah Shnong of Nagrabil, Robinson M. Arengh, Secretary Shnong of Nagrabil, Sonu M. Arengh, former Rangbah Shnong of Nagrabil and two others. four civilians, including Rohit.
“The cleaning should be according to the work order,” said Natep.
The CEM, Dy CEM Pyniaid Sing Syiem, EM TW Chyne, Rangkynsai Kharbuki and Jambor War today expressed their surprise at the allegation by the Chairman Pynshngain that the EC does not work. to do something on how to play its role as a Council after the expiry of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in Assam and also on the amendment of the 6th Scheduled Constitution of the country.
No candidate has filed for the post of President except the incumbent President Biangbor Paliar and as there is no opponent, Paliar will continue for the post of President in the new term. now.
These UDP leaders include from various units like Lumdiengjri, Qualapatty, Lama Villa, Mawprem and other units.
East Khasi Hills has 34 new cases while West Jaintia Hills has 10 new cases.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that he and the government will soon issue an order to include Face Masks and Hand Sanitizers in the list of essential items for the people of the state. The government has approved the purchase of 50,000 N95 Face Masks, 6 lakh 3 Ply Masks, 32 Ventilators and 6 lakh Hand Sanitizers along with Thermal Scanners. will issue an order to include Face Masks and Hand Sanitizers in the list of most important needs of the people of the state.
“By removing more than 60 per cent area from AFSPA we have laid the foundation of a peaceful, progressive, developed and prosperous Northeast," he said.
Shillong, November 20: U Bah Comely War of Wahiajer (WJH) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the police that from 5th July to 7th July this year he was cheated of T .25.50 lakh tyngka to a man named Anuj Kumar Hazarika, who promised to Bah Comely to provide a doctorate for his daughter, but the agreement did not come to fruition.
“The Dkhars go to work around Shillong during the day, at night they come to sleep at Iewduh and in the morning, they go to clean up the streets,” said the chief seller.
Therefore, we call on all the citizens of Meghalaya to demand the cancellation of the decision of the Government of Gujarat and we have prepared a letter of appeal to the President of India and put our demand before her as the head. of the Ri.
Nine teams of girls came to participate in the 3×3 Khelo India U-17 Women's League tournament which was held at St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School.
It is to be recalled that Ïewrynghep Secondary School has represented the State in the International Subroto Cup 2022 in Delhi.
Borning Nongbsap said that the distance from Umsning to Zero Point is about 10 km, while all parts of the road have been paved. Only the 2 km section, the contractor has not been able to complete till date and which has affected the people.
Because as of now, the statues of these heroes are not made by the government, but by organizations and groups.
The largest statue was headed by two women, one of whom was Kiran Kanwar.
In the second division, Panaliar beat Pynthorlangtein 3-1
Pangniang said the party has demanded the establishment of a BOP in Kyrshai area as this BOP is responsible for the condition of the gates including Aithibari and Balangkuna.
So I lost the support in 2018 from these people living in this area because they felt that I am a leader who is not, who is against them but now slowly they have started to understand and I am still explaining They said that my appointment of this Panchayat Committee in this area is in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution.
Malki scored the first goal but Rangdajied turned the ball around.
Therefore, the relevant departments have taken samples from these dead fish, for further study and to investigate the cause of their death.
Until now, James has not been in Shillong, but has been reported to be outside the state.
"At the same meeting, the rules of the Khasi National Dorbar were amended to allow women to be members. The dream and struggle for self-government continues and Bah LLD Basan of the Hill Union wrote in 1954, “The desire of us the people for self-government will not happen in Assam. Because the government doesn't have the right to rule the whole State of India...there is no right under the Sixth Schedule to get the full power to govern itself because it doesn't have the right to govern the whole State..."Hadien shi On the 6th July 1973, Prof GG Swell announced 16 action plans for Meghalaya and distributed them to the thinkers and the public. to discuss the issues affecting the State which was in its infancy at that time.
In the final match, Daistong SC beat Sohiong FC 10 goals in the 60th minute.
Vinod and Andrea, had completed their marriage in court last month, but on Saturday, they decided to complete it with dignity under the leadership of the church.
I would like to urge you all the farmers to work harder in whatever you do especially to improve the agriculture in the State in the different villages where you are. We have faced many challenges as farmers but with our hard work I believe that one day the world will recognize us as true farmers.
At the same time, he appealed to the citizens of the State to join hands with the Government in the fight against this disease by following the directions of the Ministry of Health and District Administration.
The Government of Meghalaya has declared a public holiday on this day so that the people of the country can commemorate U Tirot Singh.
– Children, in their innocent intelligence, know how to get what they want from their parents by the trick of deceiving the people.
Infrastructure such as transportation, electricity, and information technology, boosts income through backward and forward linkages.
The meeting was conducted by the Sordar of UCS, Bah Modi Basaiawmoit. Batista Khongphai, President UCS, Chief Guest, Dr. .One Border Lyngwi.
but unfortunately…my self.
The garbage was collected on the Shillong-Jowai road where commercial vehicles used to park.
During the raid, the BSF witnessed a vehicle parked on a busy road near the border areas of the country, and during the inspection, they found a large number of bags covered with iitkhmat.
They are not very good soils for agriculture, but they can produce a lot if we know how to use it.
Shylla said that the Kur is a strong Kur and has not been affected by any laws so far and they have the power to protect the jaitbynriew from any attack by the authorities. outside.
Dr. Kharlukhi was speaking after the opposition to the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Assam on October 29, 2022 to resolve the border disputes in the Wat. first.
Before the CEM arrived at Nongstoin to visit the refugees who are undergoing treatment at the hospital, he had to pass through the road at Jaidohkroh Nongspung. Twelve precious souls have died in the accident.
The CBI team lodged a complaint in connection with the incident on 18th June last year and revealed the names of Yadav, Rabri Devi and their two children. They included Misa Bharti and Hema Yadav along with other unidentified government officials.
Especially to provide the necessary announcements and instructions during the COVID 19 pandemic.
Not only that, she said that even the sale and purchase is not available due to the lack of visitors.
In the tie-breaker, Luton Town won 6-5 to fulfill their dream of qualifying for the English Premier League.
Contributor.
Ed) which has been here for more than ten years.
Nongpoh, November 16: To disseminate more information on the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY), the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District through the Supply Department today conducted an awareness program on the scheme. The Central Government has set a target to distribute tyndong shet jingshet to all rural villages at a meeting held at the Auditorium Hall of Harlibagan Village in Ri-Bhoi District.
Shillong, July 9: The High Court of Meghalaya has summoned the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary of Ngundro Village, South West Khasi Hills for the arrest of a man named Slinder Turnia. 29 years old) who has a mental illness.
There were EVMs in Khaddum, Mutong, Rymbai, Wah Sarang, Byndihati and Dein Shynrum.
Earlier, Kong Shylla visited two PHCs, Lumshnong and Umkiang PHC. She talked to the staff as well as the patients to understand their problems.
During the meeting, the officer promised to take care of the issue and at the same time the union demanded that a lineman should be appointed to look after these issues. areas to look into the problems and power outages.
The working president of KHNAM said that if the UDP leaves the ARPA, it will have to give an answer to the people.
The group of coal traders led by B. Lyngdoh President and Methos Marweiñ General Secretary, admitted that the influx of foreigners to Majai in these days has been terrible. “We cannot hide this, the arrival of foreigners in these days has been very high, we cannot count now but the number of foreigners has increased,” said Bah B.Lyngdoh - President.
On the day of Jesus' entry into Jerusalem, the crowds were filled with joy and shouted “Ho sano Hosanna” but only four days later many of these crowds were the same people and Hosanna Hosanna means “Crucifixion Crucifixion.
According to sources, there are about 7 MDCs who do not agree with the EC's action and will stand against it tomorrow in the Council.
The meeting was led by RBYF President, Western Zone, Bah Active Pator and Bah Running Well Syngkli, General Secretary. RBYF in this zone.
We are convinced that the Government should implement the Minimum Support Price (MSP) not only for synsar but also for other agricultural products,” said Bah Shangpliang.
He said that in the petition, the KSU has complained to the DC that these members of the VHP have also invited those who wanted to go to St. John's Church, Laban Parish but fortunately after a while the elders of this church. He said that the VHP is surprised to see that the Laban Police Station has not stopped these VHP members from standing and protesting. They shouted slogans to encourage the believers who were still taking part in the service inside the Presbyterian Church even though they were present in this march.
• Launching of the CoWIN platform to collect all the necessary information related to vaccination in digital format and others.
After the post mortem, the body was handed over to the family members and they returned to Shillong.
The enslavement of people by the Government authorities from the small to the rich has increased over the years.
They include one player and coach from the Meghalaya Archery Association, 18 players and 3 coaches from the Meghalaya Boxing Association, 18 players and 2 coaches from the Meghalaya Football Association, 84 players and 3 coaches from the Meghalaya Football Association. coach from the All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association, 10 athletes and 3 coaches from the Meghalaya Judo Association and 4 athletes and 1 coach from the Meghalaya Sports Climbing and Mountaineering Association.
Sister Julia N Majaw passed away on 28th October 2020 at the age of 91 in Krishnanagar, West Bengal.
The admission fee for grades XI standard and above shall not be less than 20,000 tyngka per annum.
Recently, in a meeting with reporters, the SP Traffic, Dr D.Aswaghosh, was asked about the violation of the law by two wheelers, which enter even on the wrong side and who overtake other vehicles and increase the traffic jam.
Therefore, the Court has directed the District Council to obtain a copy of this order and a copy of the complaint to be submitted to the newly filed cases. 1st of June.
“During this election period, people throw stones at the NPP, those we sleep with and those we eat with are scattered all over the place.
In Dutch, the pronunciation of this word leads to the same word "Kerstmis"
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Baklajied said that the incident happened while they were returning from the place where they had come to sum to return to the village.
Of course, the private sector has also come forward to take over and run Football Teams, but the Village Clubs have not been included in this new approach.
It is also witnessed that Bah Ardent has asked the people for their decision whether the VPP will continue in the fight against this issue or whether it will stop. The meeting stood up to raise their hands as a sign of support for the VPP to continue to fight for this post.
Bah Sanbor said that the party is fortunate to have a candidate like Dr. Fenela because she is a skilled and intelligent person in all aspects. Jaintia and Garo recognize Dr. Fenela and it is a great benefit that young leaders like Dr. Fenela who is a woman have come to join the party.
There is a time when there is too much peace, these are the words of advice of the poet Soso Tham in the story about the cow lur and the cow lyngki taken from the book Phawer Aesop.
However, they said that although the water supply scheme has also brought relief to the residents especially in those villages which lack water supply during the rainy season.
Nongpoh: Two Jirang MLAs, Victor Ranee, Rohit Jain, Head of CMJ Breweries PVT LTD Byrnihat and other elders of the area today met with the Jirang District Council. , have conducted a spraying of treated water in many parts of the road from Byrnihat to Khanapara.
Taranveer Singh Bains (64.81m); 3.
Before the death of Bah Alexius, Bah Blah said that he was in trouble and could not run the affairs of the Hima. After the death of Bah Alex, the elders of the Hima have sent the name of Bah Edward as the Acting Sordar and the KHADC has also appointed him as the Acting Sordar. and appointed Bah Edward as Acting Sordar.
“The NC tomorrow will be stronger than the one in the previous dorbar,” said the General Secretary of the UDP. It has decided to support the NCM tomorrow and hopes that all the opposition MLAs will join hands to support this issue.
At the end of the march and held a meeting at Umden Square, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, in his speech, gave a special thank you to the people who came to support the He is the UDP candidate for Nongpoh.
God sees and their secret sins will be revealed on the last day just as the sins of the brother of the prostitute were revealed.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Polin Lyngdoh Marshillong expressed his gratitude to the District Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department for taking this initiative to conduct such programs for the benefit of the animal husbandry and veterinary department. for the residents who earn their living by raising cattle, pigs, goats and others.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 68631 and out of these 62154 have recovered and 1154 have died.
At the same time, Faleiro said his visit to the city was to strengthen the party and other activities.
Preparing for this exam is not an easy task.
The distribution meeting was conducted by Bah RM Shabong who is also the Editor and Publisher of U Rupang newspaper who urged the beneficiaries to make proper use of the equipment in their homes. obtained without ever manipulating them otherwise.
There are at least 700 or 800 petrol tankers including heavy vehicles and small vehicles in the area.
According to reports, there are about nine terrorist groups protected by Canada although these terrorist groups are wanted and have bad reputation in many countries.
In these days, the terrible heroes are the robbers who don't live to think for the country and the nation and who don't dare to speak the truth but who live only to rob those who work for the country. KSU President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar said at the 160th death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah on Thursday.
The group also informed the Prime Minister that from the latest news it has been learned that the Government will introduce the CAB in the Session which will start from 18th November and as announced by the President. The Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) will have provisions to protect the states without ILP and as a state, we urgently need it. Amendment of the MRSSA before the Government introduces the CAB. As it is now, it is urgent and necessary to introduce the ILP Act in the state.
Recalling Pope Francis who has established Sunday, 13th November as a day to remember the poor, to love and help them.
I am not only the prime minister of the AAP, but I am the prime minister of the BJP, Congress and everyone,” said Kejriwal.
The Doloi is the son of Nartiang.
He said that the Expenditure Monitoring Team, Flying Squads and SFTs who have received training will start their duties in the Districts and besides setting up Complaint Monitoring Teams.
The tournament started in October and was held at the Second Ground but had to be moved to the Lawmali ground due to the lack of access to the Polo ground.
Two disciples on their way home to Emmaus said to Jesus, "But we had hoped that he was the one who was going to redeem Israel.
PA Sangma is the one who brings unity among the people.
He was intelligent, hardworking and willing to speak the truth.
Khliehriat, July 20: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, in an order issued on the 18th of this month, has announced that the Model Code of Conduct has been fully implemented in the district. This order shall come into force immediately until another one is announced for the smooth running of the upcoming elections in the state.
We must not sit back and think that others will fight for us, we must come out and take responsibility for ourselves.
However, after the High Court has issued a ruling, these people who are in the government are still in power.
But there is a condition for attaining redemption and being raised to godhood.
The Meghalaya AIDS Control Society Shillong has implemented a link worker scheme funded by the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society.
In Andhra Pradesh, 9,901 new cases were reported today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 5,57,587 with 95,733 still infected.
Other sources said that with the appearance of Ronnie's name, the MPCC will now have to meet again next month to discuss the candidates, who have been sent earlier to Delhi. which include Vincent Pala, John Kharshiing, Charles Pyngrope and approved before 15th March
The earthquake, which struck its epicenter in Myanmar and measured 6.9 on the Richter Scale, struck in a slow manner, but immediately shook sharply and then began to subside. and he shall perish for ever.
He added that he does not need sponsors or donors to contest the election and the people themselves are his sponsors.
Police have admitted that the Operation Hill Storm-III in Garo Hills has been successful in seizing a large number of GNLA weapons and shooting dead several militants. this organization in the past few days.
Mairang: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued on 28th June, 2021 has informed that after the testing of all the High Risk Contacts in the village, Umthlong, The Containment Order has been lifted for this village from 28th June,
Only 5 months One day or 161 days He worked smartly to clear Block I and Block II from Jaintia Hills.
Home Minister Amit Shah has alleged that the politics of inheritance in Jammu and Kashmir has severely affected the income of Kashmiris. The repeal of Article 370 will pave the way for the development of income in the State.
This was stated by the General Secretary of HYC Shillong City.
Marshial Nongrum scored the first goal for Pdengkarong in the 27th minute.
Shillong: The State Government, through the State Project Director SEMAM (SSA), has informed the SSA teachers that the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) is a scheme funded by the State Government and the SSA teachers. the central government as well.
“If the CAB becomes law, it will accelerate the Khasi Hills to be overthrown by other ethnic groups because even without the CAB, it is almost overwhelmed and what is needed is to demand ILP,” he said. MDC is rich.
First: THE POWER TO RENEW INSIDE. Each person understands their own life, how they have a relationship with God in faith and acceptance of Jesus as Savior and Lord in body and soul.
Khliehriat, March 01: Police of Khliehriat Police Station and the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of East Jaintia Hills District led by Addl.Superintendent of Police (ASP) Bah Banraplang Jyrwa on Saturday. They have seized many kinds of drugs that have been illegally sold by drug traffickers.
In this regard, Zenith Sangma urged the government not to point fingers at each other, but to work together for the sake of the people of the state.
Following his complaint, some vehicles have been fined and some have had to surrender their documents.
Nongpoh, Nailur 05: U Batlakular Syngkli, resident of Ñiangbari village in Ri Bhoi district, has been fired from his job without any reason by an employee of Nongpoh. The factory is located at 13 km, Byrnihat.
He said that Krai is a disease-reducing and healthy crop where farmers can grow it in any place and climate.
“Ka Seng says to Bah Prestone Tynsong please start eating only jhur suda, every day until the morning, if you can eat as you advise the people, we will eat only rice and vegetables. “Bah Prestone doesn't understand the suffering of the people because he lives on wealth,” he said.
At 4:15 pm, the next match in Group-B will be between Lumparing SC and Mawlai SC. through goal difference.
Borsora FC B and Lumshnong YWSC B won the Narpuh District Sports Association (ENSA) tournament held at Umkiang on Friday.
The same was in the beginning with God, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
In addition, if the patient receives treatment, he or she will receive reimbursement after approval from the DHS.
While the conditions of the stadium in Bengaluru are very close in terms of batting and it is also difficult to understand what has made Pakistan have that luck already in it from the They will play against Australia at the Chinnaswamy Stadium.
He said that the Deputy Commissioners and District Transport Officers of various districts have been directed to arrange for the operation of these commercial vehicles to be only 25% per day.
NEHUSU also questioned how many Principals and those from which colleges attended the meeting on the NEP under the auspices of the Academic Council.
Lambokstar Marngar, President of the KSU Central Body, in his speech, said that the Hynniewtrep people have been discriminated against in the past. There are many issues we have to fight against and many things we have to do to bring about change, in the rule of law and in many things we shall have to fight.
Jesus also told those who believed, “They will deliver you up to tribulation and will kill you, and you will be hated by all nations FOR MY NAME (name of JESUS).
There will be only one match tomorrow between Rymbai Ïawpynsing SC and Niaw Wasa United at 2:30 pm at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
It is necessary to recognize all the citizens of Meghalaya, regardless of ethnicity, should be treated equally and given equal rights,” said Dey.
Shillong: The 1st Battalion Meghalaya Police Shillong today celebrated its 50th Anniversary at Mawïong in the presence of the Minister of Home Affairs. Special DGP Idashisha Nongrang, Commandant of 1st Battalion CA Lyngwa and other police chiefs and government officials.
Since 2006, the State Government has allocated 2% for sportsmen in the recruitment of Government jobs, according to Order No.PER AR 150/88/152 dated 30/10/2 .
Therefore, the State Government should appoint an Expert Committee to discuss the Reservation Policy.
The struggle of man against man, the bloodshed of man against man—this is not the will of God who created man in His own image.
The program was enriched by Professor Pratap Jyoti Handique, Diganta Biswa Sarma, a devotee of Ramkrishna and Sri Arabindo.
Speaking at the programme, Kong RM Kurbah congratulated the Doctors For You group for taking this initiative to help TB patients in the district and hoped that this project will help to eradicate TB. TB in the community and the country as a whole.
This incident shows that the Officer in charge of the work, has taken the work stingy and allowed to complete the work,” said Bah PN Syiem.
There was only one thing that the rich man did, and that thing he did not understand to be a sin.
The obsession with getting more viewers and money causes some to lose focus on the facts.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, who is also the MDC from Jaiaw, on Tuesday said that to protect the identity of the people is the main issue of KHNAM in this MDC election. We will urge the government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) if we get to power,” said Bah Nongrum.
Earlier in 1984-1985, there was a violent attempt by the authorities of the Hima Mylliem to destroy this hill, which was protected by the residents of Pomlakrai Pyllun.
Those who were banned were from Khyndai Lad to Garikhana.
Slums are also places without light, toilets, shelter.
John F Kharshiing, Leader of the Hima Rulers, said that from the decision of the High Court, there will now be only three Himas and these include the Hima Maharam, Nongstoin and Langrin. to exempt from this order of the High Court and the reason is because they have their own Hima laws.
The child did not tell anyone because of fear and he continued to do this for several months now. but the doctor explained that she was poor, and after that they investigated her thoroughly and finally she confessed that she had been raped. A complaint was lodged at Lumdiengjri PS and after receiving a complaint, police arrested the suspect.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Three men, including two minors, have been arrested on charges of attempting to kidnap and rape a woman in Umsning, Ri-Bhoi district.
Friends from Ribhoi asked why the land was not offered at a high price.
However, what is disappointing is that these Prime Ministers have not announced when they will start inspecting the areas in the Langpih sector,” said the elders from the border villages in the Langpih sector. said Bah LJ Nongteiñ, one of the elders of Nongmawleiñ.
The Hynriew Shnong Wah Lukha Association (HSWLA) and SETSEDS have strongly opposed the proposal of Star Cement to mine coal on an area of ​​42.051 hectares in Brishyrnot.
The name of the author is hidden in this hamsaia and therefore it is not known where it was created.
The attendance at the conventions is only to meet friends and to show off new clothes and to please the Fathers, Pastors, Elders and preachers.
The arrested were identified as Md Jahidul Islam, 20, and Debojit Das,
Police have registered a case against the suspects at Nongstoin P.S.Case no: 7(1)2016 u/s 120B/302/307/364(A)/34 IPC R/w Section 27(1)(2) Arms Act.
Other sources said that the case related to the summons of the two newspapers by the High Court, appeared before The Shilong Time Editor Patricia Mukhim and The Editor of the Meghalaya Times, Bah Thomas Lim, appeared at the hearing and the case against the newspapers was dismissed as Adelbert had already stated that what was written was true. he crane.
“In some places, people may agree that the government has kept its promises, but in the state, they will not accept it,” he said.
Adiam Bthuh, District Secretary, Meghalaya Scouts and Guides, West Jaintia Hills, in his speech as the Chairman, explained the purpose of this day which is the birthday of the two founders of the Scouts-Guides Movement. known as Lord Baden Powell and Olave Baden Powell.
As part of the programme, the students were also given information to learn more about the ways and means of saving water for the future.
He said that there is no rule in the Special Assistance to give equally to all MDCs. The CEM said that he will give an account of the distribution and use of T.133 crore.
The 108 from Markasa took the three to Civil Hospital, Mairang and later to Bethany Hospital, Shillong.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has rejected the government's blueprint for the relocation of 342 households from Mawlong Market to Bishop Cotton Road.
Congratulating all those who came to visit and help Bah Chaini and other injured, Bah Sarlangki, said that the reduction of well trained SF-10 Police has been a great achievement. great loss.
The NPP has also criticized the Congress Government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma who has now turned to the Trinamool Congress for not being willing to address the issue of resolving the border between the two countries. Meghalaya and Assam.
However, these groups were blocked before they could enter the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi in Nongpoh. The district authorities have said that they too work and serve for the people, especially many of the villagers who come to complete their work and as it is not a holiday and they can't just stop working cold.
The file is currently in progress and until it reaches my desk, I will be ready to take it to the Cabinet meeting.
Shillong Lajong have now returned to the I-League, so the fans will experience a greater love of football.
Besides being an MDC & MLA, he is also the President of the Sein Raij Ialong.
The Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah will inaugurate the one-day conference on Strengthening PACS through FPOs in New Delhi on 14th November,
The first round has come to an end and before the semifinals, the remaining matches are between Rymbai Shkenshynriah vs Khliehriat West and Moolamanoh vs Rymbai Wahshnong on 4th November.
War said that the construction of the transit camp at Khanapara by Assam has been underway since October 2019 when the EM Elaka visited the construction site on 9th November. Assam where they also found that not only the transit camp, but also the construction of large hotels in these areas.
The employees are also given money by the brokers and many brokers who have relationships with the employees, the ministers.................... Ki Riewshymphng please do something about this to find out the truth...Friends will arrange one day We have met with the Transport Minister to send the DTO offices to increase the rates of services provided at the DTO office. The Government of India has banned the issuance of copies of Aadhaar numbers to others.
The Word of God is eternal.
For the tax collectors, “do not collect more than what is laid down” and for the soldiers or policemen, “do not oppress anyone, do not cheat, and be content with your wages”, said the greatest Prophet, John, in his preaching to the people of Israel to prepare them before they would meet Jesus the Saviour.
Ma Lammat OO Laloo, Hony General Secretary, said that after two years of suspension of the tournament due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the WJDSA has decided to open a player market or Inter. Club Transfer for the year 2022 before the start of various tournaments.
She said the government is preparing a policy for land vendors and in Tura, a land vendor market has already been constructed.
The Minister said that the price set by the CGHS across India is salonsar and has not been renewed for a long time.
The JSU also questioned the government and accused it of turning a blind eye to War Jaintia.
Shillong, July 25: There are about 2.5 lakh drug users in Meghalaya including drug injectors and drug users despite the Government's target to eradicate drug abuse. drugs within five years.
Because God is not like man to lie.
The government has implemented this bridge last month and this has caused a lot of trouble to the traders but the government has implemented it to stop the vehicles. I'm not going to Bangladesh.
The bank has been closed since Saturday and Sunday and it is not clear when the robbers entered the bank on Saturday night or Sunday night.
In the 2023 elections, it seems that the voice of the people has been heard that the trick of the various candidates to attract voters is no longer by knowledge, understanding, understanding. They didn't know what to do, but they all agreed to talk about the money.
We must realize that togetherness makes us a stronger team.
He said this on those employees who have only 148 employees who are entitled to receive land from the government.
“The Executive Committee will look into this matter and send a letter to the State Government to increase the royalty share of the Council from coal,” said the Executive Member (EM) in charge of Taxation. Fantin J Lakadong in reply to a question raised by HSPDP Mawkynrew MDC Martle N Mukhim in the budget session of the council.
These include a new Scorpio, a new Bolero, two new Swifts, two Bajaj Motor Cycles, one Hyundai Verna, eight Bajaj Pulsars and most of these vehicles are not. There are proper documents and unregistered number plates.
The HSPDP has decided to nominate Tamdorlang Risaw for the MDC election from Mawsynram Constituency.
Speaking to reporters after arriving back at the detention center in Hatmajai, Bah Nongrum said he was granted bail by the court after sending an unconditional apology letter. and answer to the Court on his objection to the decision of the Court.
He said that in the initial phase of demarcation, not everyone can be satisfied but the government has done its best for the safety and security of the state.
South Africa beat Hong Kong 3-1 (Jean Pierre-Brits beat Chung Yat Long 7-1, 6-7, 7-3, 7-6; Lizelle Muller beat Heylie Fung 4-7, 7-6). 6, 6-7, 5-7; ).
He said that once the CAB has been released from the Sixth Scheduled areas, it is up to the state government to ensure that it will not apply even to the European Ward and Cantonment Areas outside the Sixth Scheduled areas in the state. .
University : Pastor Iarington Kharkongor was named Salonsari because it is a university that has been able to get education until it wins – the highest rank in the country.
In the past, there is no government scheme like MNREGAs, no MDC scheme, no MLA scheme like the 100 days bill scheme. the remaining debt to the hardware store owners.
“To prevent the increase in the price of piat, the Delhi government has decided to buy piat from the Central Buffer Stock Exchange through NAFED and sell it at the retail price of T.23.90 per kilo. " said Kejriwal.
It was decided to convene a public meeting on February 11, 2020 at 7 Mer West Jaintia Hills District at 11 am to discuss these issues.
He said his choice to join the NPP after leaving the Congress party was because he saw that the NPP is the party that can lead the government in
Therefore, we will decide on this with the voice of the majority,” he said.
University teachers can participate in politics, in colleges, those in UGC and college posts can participate and deficit college and school teachers are bound by the laws of the country. state govt.
Kamp her whatever protests you organize and I don't think it would be appropriate for the organizers of the protests to go to the extent of harming the Prime Minister.
Stadlang Masharing, said that the reason why the residents of the village did not hesitate to come out to help build the house, is after they saw that these houses have been destroyed. The damage was severe, and even the people living inside the house suffered severely.
Speaking at the venue, Pyndap said that there are also people who have gone to many villages to mislead the people about the VAB, and he alleged that those people are agents of the party. Congress.
Shillong, November 17: Seven persons were seriously injured while another woman died after a Sumo (ML5 L-9415) collided with a truck. The Shillong-Mawlai Bye Pass will be reached in the morning.
As you walk through Shillong, you will hear only the sounds of the sky, the sounds of the dead and the sounds of the jlew.
India is a country of equality and inclusion through Dharma, but there are foreigners who are trying to change and violate the value of the Constitution of the country and promote its wealth. culture.
Shillong: Thunderstorms and thunderstorms are expected in parts of the state tomorrow, while in Shillong, heavy rainfall is expected in parts of the state tomorrow. marjan play.
Lionel Scaloni, who took over as manager in 2018 and has led the entire team under the leadership of Lionel Messi as captain, to fame and glory. The world champion, who won the trophy in the tournament which started from November to November last year, has now accepted the new contract while he He was on his way to attend the FIFA Best awards ceremony in Paris.
Furthermore, the Syn Juk said that most of the time when any incident happens, they are arrested but those who are really thieves who commit the crime walk away without a trace.
Moodymmai scored 115 runs for the loss of three wickets in 12.5 overs.
He said that the MP should be carefully selected because he will be a rangkynih rangphawar to advocate for the people.
He said that Meghalaya has produced intellectuals and urged those who attended the event to make Meghalaya once again a place where literacy and education are available. the best education in India.
Of course, there may be a plan but it doesn't show anything except those who are just thinking.
Also present on the occasion were Chief Executive Member of KHADC Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, Deputy CEM Process T Sawkmie who is also MDC of Mawlai, James Ban Basaiawmoit-MDC of Mawkhar-Pynthor Umkhrah. Lamphrang Blah-EM in charge of the Elaka, Bah Donevan Kharwanlang, President of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep Dr. Werlok Kharshiing, office bearers of the Union together with the Ministers of Mylliem Hima including Minister K. Langstieh, Minister MB Kharlukhi, Minister Kharsati, Minister Pathaw and Minister Kharbukhi.
Shillong, July 13: The Central Government has allocated T.17.42 crore from the allocation to the State Government for the implementation of the fourth phase of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS). scheme Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Movement (JNNURM).
The meeting was enriched by songs.
“There is no distinction between the people of Mawlai, Nongthymmai and Pynthorumkhrah constituencies,” he said.
Secondly, the government should cancel all the orders issued by it to take land in Saitsohpen without the knowledge of the children of the thousands of children of the Elaka and should come and talk again with the Elaka authorities as well as the District. Council.
"I am sorry to inform you that according to satellite data, MH370 is at the end of the southern Indian Ocean," said Razak, who said Malaysian Airlines had informed him of this. a message to the families of the victims.
Let us remember that our nation has had many precious religious teachings, namely “To know man, to know God”, “To know family, to know family” and to “Earn righteousness”.
This old generator produces 160 kilo watts of electricity.
This is a press release issued by the DHS (MI), Government of Meghalaya. :20 amRAT data at 5:39amPositive.
Bremley recalled that during the Hill State struggle, there were residents of Shillong who demanded that the Government of India should grant Shillong as a small state or Union Territory.
“The departments should not only give reasons that it is the time of drought, but the government departments have a big role to play and have to take responsibility, especially in Shillong for many years we have experienced This is the issue of when as residents, we will get our rights, it is true to ensure that the water should be improved, and the departments in charge of drinking water supply like SMB and PHE should “To send those who are in the field to check that there are places where the water is flowing but there are other places where the households have to buy water,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
Samla Moslander Marngar said that the successful passing of the students in SSLC and HSLC Science, Commerce and Arts Stream has brought glory and fame to West Khasi Hills as a whole.
He said that these trucks were intended to smuggle timber to Jorhat, Kokrajhar, Dhubri and other places in Assam.
Let's see in 2020-21 when the government will appoint teachers for the students who have passed MTET. Will the coalition government under the leadership of the NPP do like the Congress? There were some young people who wanted to get a job quickly and were ready to pay 50,000 or 60,000 rupees to the government officials.
However, as the party, we are pleased that the people have accepted this new party.
Spain defender Aymeric Laporte has left Manchester City to join Al Nasr in the Saudi Pro League in a fee of 27.5m euros (£23.6m).
During the meeting, the President said, “It should be done in the right manner so as not to affect the health of the people”. niut hanging.
We must be clear that until now, there has been no other political campaign that will be directly focused on the provision of educational facilities for our youth.
However, the sad thing is that there is no road to these places, except for the road to carry timber and rnga from the fields on both sides of the Rwiang River to the Thupthup Valley. and the third of Koh Langheit.
Preparations for the Member of Parliament (MP) election to the Lok Sabha have continued as political parties have announced the names of the candidates for the Lok Sabha elections. you will not be able to do it.
The MLA's actions have inspired him to join the party in order to give his strong support to win the election in
It has decided to also declare a public holiday on November 24th.
It is hoped that this good intention of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council to implement the RRC project will not fail.
The parents said that they had left their children at 12 noon; However, when it was released, it was reported that the children were tested with various items and when they found that they were wearing patlun poh or wearing bras, they were sent away to remove these clothes. .
As part of the injection of muit ongole, the Ministry will provide assistance of T.2.57 crore to cow farmers to inject up to 2.57 lakh cows and 100 tyngka as treatment fee per cow.
Previous governments have refused to implement it and this has allowed high-paid people to smuggle into Meghalaya.
Shortly after, a speech was held in the House by Mawkhar-Pynthor MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit who said that according to the figures, the factories in Ri-Bhoi do not have enough employees. compared to the turnover of factories in East Khasi Hills.
According to the public survey conducted by the leaders, only Prof Lakhon Kma was the winner and was equal to the leading candidates from the political parties.
However, it is a great surprise to see that on the 20th of this month, the Dorabr Shnong Umsarang with the authority of the Rangbah Shnong has come to erect a signboard within the boundary of the area. under the supervision of Pynthorsohma Village which is still under the jurisdiction of the Syiem of the Hima Khyrim Syiemship.
The UDP candidate is strong but the leaders are not strong.
The union also reminded that during the curfew, no vehicles will be allowed to pass except ambulance vehicles.
He said that the party urges the youths who wish to apply to collect their application forms from the party office in Jaiaw from 20th to 25th July and to submit their application forms before 28th July.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the evacuation of the Harijans living in Mawlong Market will have to be smooth.
However, at the same time, the officers denied that the beneficiaries of this scheme are wealthy people or Class I contractors and denied that the banks do not stop giving loans to the youth who have really throw up.
He said that in LP schools belonging to the government, most of the teachers are appointed according to the permission of the Managing Committees, so the union urged the government to appoint teachers as it does in other jobs. by announcing the invitation for applications and conducting interviews.
On the other hand, there is no restriction on the number of voters for any tribe/sub-tribe in the election. .
Kejriwal said that there is a girl who has received electricity bill of Rs 1.40 lakh and said, “People receive fake bills and have been forced to pay. “They don't have to pay, because nobody has fixed it,” he said.
The slaughterhouse can slaughter 160 cows, 240 pigs and 240 goats per day.
The Seng cannot just listen to such incidents and we strongly condemn this action of the government, especially what happened in Lapalang, when the government received the order to demolish the Only a few of the authorities along with some Magistrates went, but in Umsawli it was witnessed that a group went to attack the residents of the area.
The farmer, when he saw that his shouting, shouting and shouting did not please the Hati sawnuna; and he gave Hati these words.
The children were identified as Sookini Biam, 11, Jim Langstang, 10, and Dapbor Langstang,
In fact, there have been many tragic accidents in the past where precious lives have been lost, just because the people have violated traffic laws and regulations.
Ma Lytep said that he has already taken pictures of the police stationed along the road with drones and he will lodge a complaint against the police so that the police involved can be punished.
Through the flow of waste from this area, it has posed a threat to the health of the residents.
At the airport, he did not speak to the media, but issued a statement on the allegations against him.
However, such a purchase is a help for those who want to get something or earn a living during Christmas, such as people who sell Christmas trees, who sell food only at Christmas. for Christmas and so on.
“We understand the need to lift the ban on recruitment in this department as it is still short of staff and finds it difficult to complete the work,” said a government statement.
Nongrum also demanded that the state government should provide employment to the wife of Lurshai who has to support her four children after the murder of her father.
The Chief Minister also spoke to three Block Level Officers, one of whom is Mike Henchard Chamominna.
U Bah Pius Marweiñ, in addition to his speech, also briefly told about his life since he was a child by saying, “In my life, if I plan anything for Therefore, he expressed his gratitude to God the Creator for blessing him to what he is now and so on. He also congratulated the people who have taken this decision to win again this time since the by-elections in 2018 and also in
Indeed, they are like sheep without a shepherd, and wolves and wild animals devour them as they please.
This refusal to accept documents will create problems for women from this state.
A total of 93,817 samples were sent for testing today, of which 90,516 were negative and 675 samples are awaiting results.
Vivek said that during the investigation, the robbers confessed that on the night of 26th June, there was a fight between their group and that of Bah Omega Myrthong after drinking alcohol.
There are 16 teams in Pool-A: West Madan Mustem, Caroline Colony, Pynthorlangteiñ and Loin Sports & Youth Affairs.
He also scored his first hat-trick against 7 Wasa against Khimusniang.
In a statement, Frankie Nongrum, Convener of the Forum, said that due to the stinginess of the NHAI, on Saturday there was a traffic jam at Umtrew.
Secretary, Jesterly Siangshai, Vice President, Samson Phawa, Asst.Secy, Baltylang Dkhar, Finance Secy, Drass Siangshai, Asst Finance Secy, Cheris Rymbai, Organizing Secretary, Pdiang Dkhar, Education Secretary, Reginal Shylla, Publicity Secretary, Markius Rymbai, Sport Secretary, Wadborlang Dkhar, Discipline Secretary, Emlang Siangshai, Office Secretary, Eborlang Dkhar and 13 members.
Kushner said that God does not want to destroy or destroy man's free will to choose between good and evil, because if he destroys it, that gift is meaningless. that is, the will of man.
On the other hand, TUR and the residents of the state also demanded that the Government of Meghalaya should strongly condemn the discrimination of the Gujarat Government against the poor and women which is also against the law of man and the law of God.
He said that the Joint Action Committee of these three organizations urged the implementing agency and the government to think first of the people of the area to provide employment to them in the implementation of the project. The Project, whether unskilled or skilled, for technical works, please consider applying first. If there is a shortage of foreigners, they can bring in foreigners but they must provide the necessary documents, such as Labor license and certificates from the higher authorities. .
Following heavy rains in Himachal Pradesh and Punjab, which caused severe flooding in many areas, all schools have been closed until the 26th.
In the incident, a strong fire broke out in a shop in the village and it was also at that time that these people were shopping. to gather and honor a Ukrainian soldier who died in the middle of the war.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) sent its condolences to the family of Bah HS Shylla who passed away on Thursday. a person who speaks with righteousness and is willing to come forward to fight for any issue of the nation.
The goals were scored by Kynsaikupar Bareh and Joobhalang Langstang.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Ri Khasi Sepngi Federation (RIF) said that the competition has caused problems to the people who walk and stand. to those who are sick and suffering until there is no loss of their precious soul.
My name is Rikynti and I have 6 children.
There are 51 shops in the Dielang market and most of the shopkeepers are Kharkaia and very few are Khasi.
The two organizations led by Bah Marcus Marten, President of KSU Nongpoh Circle and other leaders today met with Dr CM Pohshna, Medical Superintendent of Bethany Hospital Nongpoh. to find out the reasons and problems faced by the people from time to time.
Many of these players have played in the Lajong squad for the I-League.
I used to remember that time but now I am happy that the blessings of the Lord have flowed into our house,” said Marchborn. the conversion of my eldest son, Marchborn.
“The opposition has pointed out many incidents of this conspiracy where the officers have been replaced, one after another when they cannot do what they want. “This can be understood if we look at the events,” he said.
Hap to talk about both.
According to information received by this reporter, many people have started to contract the disease, including school children and many of the people have to wear masks to protect themselves. to protect and avoid the spread of diseases from one person to another, suspected of being caused by the weather.
In the first match, Kharang SC beat Kharang SC 2-0 in Group B, while Umpling beat Kharang SC 2-0 in Group B. Mawkriah West SC beat Mawkriah West SC 1-0 in Group A at 4 pm. The two goals were scored in the second half.
In fact, the purpose of the meeting was to identify the places where the garbage trucks will come so that the residents can dump their garbage from 31st June 2023 but for some reason this work has not been completed. .
In a petition sent by the KSU to the SP and DC of West Jaintia Hills, the KSU has informed that the Assam Government has used its personnel to destroy and damage the sanitation land implemented under the MGNREGA Scheme 2018- 2019 of Thadlaskein C&RD Block Mookoiram village which falls under Saitsama Outpost.
Anyone found walking up and down the street without a necessary reason will be punished according to the law.
Shillong: The State Government through the Department of Mining & Geology has informed the buyers and owners of coal mines in Meghalaya, where these coal mines have already been inspected through drones, the inspection in relation to the year 2022- 23.
The public hearing has been scheduled to be held on the 21st of this month.
Later, the MDA government, although less than two years old, has shown its strength in the suppression of the Kharmetor protest in July 2019, the strengthening of the MRSSA and the introduction of the ILP resolution in the country. November 2019 but it has not yet produced fruit, remember! Because, besides many other issues such as the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, the coal ban issue, the railway issue and others, the metor issue. File and in court), the issue of the new MRSSA (which is pending in the Governor's Chamber) and the ILP issue (which has not yet been sent to Delhi to demand from the Central Government) are also pending.
Police have not yet found the driver, who fled the scene after the incident.
In the quarter final of the Under-17 Boy's, Govt.
Philip, the father of Prince Charles, was treated in hospital for six months until his death.
Bangladesh is India's closest economic development partner and closest trade partner in the region.
“Through dialogue and resolution of the issues of the people, the government will be able to take a decision on the railway but until now the government has continued to dialogue and explain to all the groups who are against the railway. “It is not an easy task because this task has been pending for many years and therefore we don't expect that in a day or two we will be able to resolve the issue.” this.
The leaders of the state know only to lie and thank the people but they have forgotten what they have promised before and if not why do the leaders of other areas of the state even those who are not in power At the same time, the party is filled with sorrow to see our brothers and sisters who are suffering at this time but as the party we cannot. She was not only a spectator but she struggled as much as she could to find a way to help the people in this time of disaster.
In 2012, the office operated from Saipung, but without thinking again, it is unfortunate that in 2016 and until now, the office has operated from Latyke and has been moved to Latyke. near Sutnga and the reason for the relocation of this office has not been explained to the public.
He said that this will be looked into on these dates.
This shows that the demons recognize and know that Jesus is the holy Son of God.
“Why do we need anti-virus all the time, because the anti-virus that is available tomorrow may not work anymore because it has been hacked by others,” said Bah Pyngrope.
The President of HANM Women Wing, Bity Jyrwa, together with the leaders of the HANM Women Wing, accompanied by the market dwellers, have lodged a complaint against the police.
Shillong, July 26: After receiving information that Kong Ylinda Warshong, 57, (a woman whose ears and hands were cut off) has recovered and has been discharged from the hospital. Rupang today visited her residence in Umlynghong (one of the villages in Smit) to talk to her about the tragic incident which happened to her on the 14th of July. .
“Although the Meghalaya government on 30th July 2021 appointed an independent commission of inquiry into the MeECL scandal, this commission of inquiry has not been involved in the investigation into corruption in the implementation of the Saubhagya scheme,” he said. The HYC has urged the Cabinet Secretary of the Government of India to direct the Meghalaya Government to approve the CBI investigation into the Saubhagya Scheme. Central Government for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya and India as a whole.
At the same time, he said the party also refuses to accept Himanta's allegation that the recent shooting by the Assam police in Mukroh was due to a clash between the Assam Forest Protection Force, the Assam police and the loggers.
The hemodialysis machine and dialysis couches have been donated specially for the patients while the cardiac monitor machines have been donated specially for the treatment of high blood pressure patients, and the ultrasound machine has been banned for diagnosis. more quickly to diseases.
AIS SujaU Spirit, above all flesh.
Shillong: There have been 429 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 381 recoveries.
To order that all coal mine owners must close and bury their coal mines after they have extracted all the ore from the ground.
At least on Monday,” said one of the party leaders.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, JACATAM President Bah Emeral D Nongsiang said that the government has not yet responded or sent any information to the teachers and the strike will continue until the government calls for talks. .
Nongpoh: A man and a passenger of a Scooty (ML-05) have been killed in an accident on Shillong Bypass road in Umroi Madan village on Tuesday evening. -AB-5721, died hashen, after the Scooty they were riding, went into the front of the truck and they were hit by the rear tires of the truck. number ML-11-8622.
In the petition, HANM warned that if such incidents continue inside the hospital, the HANM will not hesitate to take other legal measures or even to close down the hospital immediately.
Meanwhile, BSF troops of 110 Battalion Meghalaya have seized a pickup truck carrying sugar intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh at Kasinda border. .
Because you have come to ask for an account, you don't understand anymore. Please take action. Rupang will help you to convey this to their ears.
The CoMSO demands that the government should call for talks with the protesters and the government should listen to their demands.
Prestone said that when the driver of the truck fled, he also attacked the BSF personnel on duty.
Then, the shniuh began to fall from her head.
During the inspection, the Federation found that the contractor has not followed the rules regarding the construction of the road.
He also said that the Maternity and Child Hospital, Jowai will soon be opened for the benefit of the people of the state.
On the statement that the Reservation Roster has not been implemented, Bah Kynta, while talking to media, said that this is wrong because he has reservations from 2022 which show that there has been no implementation of this Roster at the time when government departments have called for recruitment.
Furthermore, the Khasi-Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association (KFIWA) has sought clarification from the Commissioner of Food and Safety on this issue and asked where the fish was taken for the test sample. .
We will get the clarification after receiving the report from the district administration,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
People are buying two, three, good vehicles until there is no parking space anymore. Even though the roads have been improved, we have got a parking space. The National Highway connecting Shillong and Tura which passes through Nongstoin has helped a lot to the people.
Shillong, July 11: After the recent bomb blast in Williamnagar, the residents of Tura have been ordered not to touch any items without owners.
For many years, such an opportunity to replace the Khasi subject with other subjects has been around for many generations, which has now become one of the issues that has begun to go through the money. that the word itself has led to the path that has begun to disappear.
Interested persons can inspect the rolls at the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Election Branch) and at designated polling stations during office hours.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titostarwell Chyne, said that the inspection on the 29th June 2020 to Mawlai Mawroh Village was only to inspect whether these places are suitable for the construction of a market. .
We are no longer Bhoi Biej if you want money we will take, vote for the people of the village ourselves we will give.
Dr Jemino said there were those who opposed the unity, especially the Congress which said that the contest was between the Congress and the UDP but this was wrong.
Referring to PAFF, he said the group, which led the Jaish-e-Mohammed group and came to light in
Up to 14 nurses have already been employed in various hospitals in Singapore as well as through other agencies.
He lives alone in Govandi, Southeast Mumbai.
The people involved in unreliable crimes have tried to create ethnic unrest and danger to me personally.
The Police Department would like to thank the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for raising awareness among the Officers to implement COTPA for the offenders.
The distribution of AAY rice will be 5 kilos per head, for those who do not have AAY Ration Card and PHH rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per head. Furthermore, it was explained to the public that the dealers of PMGKAY should not charge any money from the beneficiaries, and if found, they should lodge a complaint. The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District has been informed that they have been punished according to the laws laid down by the Government.
In the 40th minute, Mukhim had another chance to score but it went wide of the post, and the ball came back and reached the feet of Langshiang. to throw into the goal.
In the letter, Bah Marbaniang said that the Congress party does not need his presence in the party anymore, because it has been said that the party needs only new people to join the party. join this organization.
The union is shocked and surprised to hear such news, because in fact when there is a policeman, the people feel happy and even the thief and murderer feels happy when there is a policeman, because their duty is to protect anyone from any illegal acts, but the policeman, Bah Habanjop Khonglah, committed an illegal act instead of protecting.
The Jewish and Christian cultures were also born and raised in Mesopotamia and what we read in the book of Genesis is the Jewish culture which was introduced and developed into Christian thought.
Since 1970, the village has won a lawsuit when the council was under the United Khasi Jaintia.
“He said the State Government is in talks with the Government of India on this issue.
At the same time, they congratulated the teachers who have taught at the school, as the teachers have been among the supporters of the school, in their hard work, it has helped the children to improve their education.
Ma Kyrshan Dkhar +91 69090 19993.
Meghalaya has requested 11 battalions of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and seven battalions of the State Armed Police Force (SAPF), Meghalaya said on Tuesday.
“Friends, on the 31st of November, today, all of us the residents of the village congratulate the death of Shaheed Udham Singh,” he said.
He said that when they elect leaders, they should elect a person and not a party because the party is only a name or a uniform.
This is the robbery, assault and brutality of the Assam police because they don't respect the lives of people anymore but they just shoot and kill like animals.
The PMGKAY scheme to provide 5 kilos of foodgrains and seeds to 80 crore poor people has been extended for five years starting from 1st July,
Recently, the NPP candidate from Sohra, Bah Allan West Kharkongor in his speech, said that the people of Sohra area are looking forward to receiving Christmas gifts from the district from the government. .
The meeting was conducted by JSM Vice President Skhembhalang Dkhar.
Besides the team awards, individual awards including the Best Goalkeeper and Player of the Tournament were also awarded.
Bah Pyniaid added that through these things, he can see that it is through the events.
(John 3:14) Jesus spoke to His disciples about His death on the cross and He also spoke to Luke.
“After a meeting with the CMD of MeECL, Engineers, Directors and I as the Minister in charge of the department, we have decided to cancel the power outage in the state from midnight on the 11th or 12 AM. Three of the units Umtrew Stage I and II and one unit of OTPC and NEEPCO have been operational and have been able to supply electricity to the state,” said Prestone.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, who is the leader of the KHADC, has left Shillong today to leave for Delhi to file his nomination papers for the election. Commission and to seek recognition from the PDF as a political party in Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, Damanbait Lamare expressed his gratitude to the people together with the leaders of the NPP and NPYF for taking this opportunity to honor him as the leader of the people of Umroi. As a leader empowered by the people, he will be able to provide the best service for the benefit of the people of Umroi Constituency.
Rupang today spoke to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Peter S Dkhar to find out when the T.3 tyngka rice will be distributed to the people.
Shillong, July 26: Seven youths who have brought glory to Meghalaya by winning awards have been arrested. The winners of the National Taekwondo Championship 2022 held in Amritsar, Punjab recently were awarded to the team led by Bah Michael Kharsyntiew at a function held at Pine Wood Hotel Shillong on Thursday. you're right.
It will be very beneficial for the residents to be able to eat food that is free of pesticides and produced from their own village or from their own country. Raid to Hima to take action on this request, said a statement from Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Dorbar of Chiefs of Khasi Hills.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, on Tuesday urged all those who have visited the State Bank of India (SBI) Jorabat from the 25th of this month, to Home Quarantine for 10 days.
RM Kurbah, said that the reason why the District authorities of Ri Bhoi District have declared the lockdown in all parts of the district, is after seeing the increase in the number of people. Shillong, Jowai and Tura, which have been affected by the Covid-19 pandemic and other districts in the state, including Shillong, Jowai and Tura, have declared a lockdown. The DC of Ri Bhoi, has taken this step to curb the spread of Covid-1
“The total misuse of the MLA scheme has reached T.2.52 crore and the most surprising thing is that all the equipment was purchased from one person, K Lynrah, who is from Sohra.
Ryngnga, who received 1,715 votes in the mid-term elections, congratulated the leaders of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, MLAs, MDCs and supporters. Congress has Shella Constituency.
Denim Jeans Model 1st Rohit Barua – fitness first gym, 2nd Aristotle.
Last month, Hrithik went for treatment for a headache and last month, he underwent a brain surgery for a blood clot. .
The Congress said that according to the Saubhagya Act, the Central Government has approved the allocation of the state on 31.12.2017 and has set a deadline of completion by tender until 26.09.2018 at the earliest.
By the end of the tournament, the State won one gold and one bronze medal through the High Jump athlete Rinalis Ingti, who reached 1.55m.
Spiritual teachers here I mean religious teachers who have gone to study as pastors.
During the closure of churches, which has been going on for more than three months, the Christian churches have faced various problems and one of these is the inability to hold services on Sundays and also Even in the past few days, what they are doing is online services.
“If there is such a misunderstanding in the party, the door is open to talk to those who have admitted that there is a misunderstanding in the party,” he said.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 26 new cases.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on Friday slammed the State Government regarding the evacuation plan in Mawlong Market, saying that the plan is still in place. deficient, inadequate, unfair and hostile to the residents of the area.
East Khasi Hills has recorded the highest number of cases with 241 cases and Ribhoi with
“Meghalaya has recognized itself as a Christian state and I feel that the churches should take responsibility for spreading the message to the youth,” she said.
Ma Khroobok Passah, DSO, West Jaintia Hills District, said, “There should be another thrust area in this policy and that is tourism which can create jobs. I'm sorry for the youth of the state"
Speaking on the occasion, D Tongper, President of STIEH, said, “It is only India which has tortured the villagers for the sake of foreigners. India is a country that discriminates against its citizens just to please foreigners, according to the CAA, 2019 is to protect those who have been discriminated against in Bangladesh, Pakistan, Afghanistan, whether the government can or not to give an estimate of how much they have been persecuted in these countries.
At the same time, the Minister urged the companies to refrain from creating any confusion regarding the selection of the company to run the project as there will be a thorough investigation without any which is the side.
Please note that 'ev' is pronounced 'ew'
He said the party has also submitted a letter to the DEO not to allow children to take part in rallies and meetings related to the election.
He also wrote “We may be likened to two scorpions in a bottle each capable of killing the other but only at the risk of being killed himself “.
He said that the house of Anita Kharbangar was destroyed by the strong wind and the house fell back into the house of her sister, which is nearby.
Walkers who visit rural areas will have a healthier body.
Shillong, July 18: The protest of the Meghalaya Congress against the introduction of 500 and 1000 rupees by the NDA government turned into a drama in Shillong today when political parties including Thma u Rangli (TUR) and CSWO While about 100 Congress members shouted, 'Modiji hai hai', the TUR and CSWO members shouted, 'Soniaji -Modiji Yes Yes”.
In Jaintia Hills, it has empowered the MLAs, District and Circle Office Bearers to prepare the candidates.
Manish Sharma, who took two wickets on the opening day, took two more wickets to finish the innings with four wickets for 90 runs, while PM Santhosh took three wickets for 57 runs. .
Bah Sani Marbaniang, one of the casual employees of the department, said that the demand for the salary increase has been conveyed to the government and the Minister of Sports since last year.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner's Office has issued this order after receiving a tip that the trucks passing through the bridge have carried more than 9 tonnes which is against the rules. The Executive Engineer, PWD (Roads), Shillong, has said that the bridge will further endanger the traffic of the public.
But just advertising is not enough.
Meanwhile, the BSF has suspended Moni Singh who fired three rounds from an SMG Barreta and sent him to the BSF Headquarters with an order not to leave without permission.
The President congratulated Conrad Sangma and called on the people of Ampati to vote for Sangma and Clement G Momin.
He did not think about his vote bank which led to his defeat in the 1993 MLA elections.
Mawkyrwat, November 17: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has demanded that the Meghalaya government should introduce the This is a community and rural development block in Wahkaji, Umdohlun, South West Khasi Hills District.
The dpei was submerged at the Tuas Marine Transfer Station and placed in Semakau for the construction of a road.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 27: U MDC of Umsning Constituency, Bah Don Kupar Sumer, has inspected the CHC in Umsning which has many shortcomings and not as expected by the people.
In the beginning of creation, the earth's crust was created, which was shapeless and at first glance useless.
Christwar scored 136 runs off 96 balls.
The NPYF on the problems and shortcomings of these two PHCs will try to convey to the authorities how to meet the urgent needs of these PHCs, for the safety of the patients inside. This is the area, said Genl.
United XL beat Sputnik Spartan by 34 runs at the Polo Ground on Thursday after beating Sputnik Spartan by 34 runs.
Finally, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the meeting and discussions will start after the Puja holiday and he hopes that as the discussions and arrangements were fruitful in the first phase, so will this discussion. the second part shall also be equal.
Shillong: The Budget Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Monday approved the Vote on Account for the three months (2023-24) from 01.04.23 to T.46.27.16,190 crore was allocated by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne.
Jowai, June 01: The Seiñ Raij Jowai will hold a 'Shad Sukra' from the 6th to the 7th of June, 2024 as part of the dedication to the environment. to go down to the fields.
At the same time, James said the opposition will raise issues affecting the state in the Budget Session which will start tomorrow.
He said that the people should refuse to sell their right to elect leaders.
Jeje Lalpekhlua from Zoram People's Movement (ZPM) South Tuipui received 5,468 votes, R Lalthangliana (Mizo National Front) received 5,333 votes and C Laldintluanga from Indian Constituency received 5,468 votes. The National Congress received 2,958 votes.
Remember, fellow countrymen, we have only one country to live and own which God has given us and we must therefore protect it.
Ma Rymbui urged the public to visit and shoot these animals, but not to shoot with their guns.
Unfortunately, the President of the Congress has not yet received the right information,” he said. bym is a faithful way.
Shillong, Lber 21: On the evening of the 18th of this month, unidentified robbers shot dead Bah Bonny Jyrwa with a screwdriver inside the house. They fled the scene. They were arrested from Lumkhyriem Umpling, Shillong.
He said that regarding the payment to NEEPCO, it has been resolved because the problem is with the REC and PFC and this has been resolved with the money to be paid to NEEPCO and others. It is T.360 crore or less.
Assam is one of the states with the highest per capita consumption of fish up to 12 kilos per annum according to data collected from the Brahmaputra and Barak Valley.
The ASHA leader from Khliehriat said that the Minister said that the ASHAs receive T.5000, and therefore she asked the Minister where the T.3000 went when the ASHA workers were paid only T. .2000 per month.
He said there were 13 members under his supervision, of whom 11 had surrendered and one was shot dead by the police and the other was never seen again.
The JHADC in accordance with the Regulation 1975 has approved the request of the village of Wahiajer to hold the market twice a day at Wahiajer Market. The income of the farmers who come to sell various agricultural products at this market.
Speakers at the meeting included NPP General Secretary Lalminga Ngamlai, former Waheh Shnong of Ladrymbai, Skhemmon Rymbai, NPYF Secretary Dametreyo Rymbai and others. The meeting was conducted by the President of the NPYF, Bah Grimlang Dkhar.
Congress workers from Ampati and Songsak, including MDC Stevie Marak, are the most likely to support Sengbath, said Congress leaders from Williamnagar.
He was speaking at a public meeting held at Mawlai Mawdatbaki.
Wandonbok said they have now decided to go to court and say that the DC's action should not be biased.
“We express our full support to MAWU on their strike and we cannot fail to congratulate and thank the ASHAs for their selfless work in their areas of work. This is the time when we are facing the COVID-19 pandemic.
Newspapers shall not publish any survey predicting the victory of any candidate or political party without first verifying this.
When contacted by the family members, they said that out of the three children who survived the incident, the 12-year-old eldest son is now in custody, while the other two including the fourth. and the little ones are in a healthy body.
Noting that the implementation of the Roster in the new OM (July 14, 2023) is ongoing, he said that the party expresses its gratitude to the Government for accepting the suggestion of the the State Political Party Conference held in January.
“Since the Mawlong Market Area has become a market area, the Sikh community cannot own and continue to live in this area and the Government should take a a bold decision to permanently evacuate the occupants of this area.
Speaking to media, Sangma said the statement by the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) is true that there is no question for the removal of the railway line. or to force it to work.
He said that he had also gone to tell his mother that he had killed a man but she did not listen and said 'you are strong', because he thought he was talking nonsense.
There are also many other incidents of injuries, and those who have been seriously injured, where no one has complained against those who have been injured.
The IEC vehicle will visit 49 villages in Thadlaskeiñ Block to provide training on these government schemes.
Senior Advocate, GS Massar who is also the President of the Governing Body said that teachers and students should have a relationship in order to achieve adequate education.
The wreath laying ceremony was led by Samla Ohibait Dkhar President KSU JHDU, Samla Nangaibormi Sutnga Finance Secretary KSU JHDU and other members and leaders of KSU JHDU. Young people in Jowai.
"You are a very important person in India and so it is my duty to take good care of you," Grylls told Modi.
Jowai: U Ma Madonbai Rymbai, Chief Executive Member of the JHADC, on Tuesday said that Jual Oram, Union Minister for Tribal Affairs of the Union Government of Meghalaya, has approved the implementation of the promotion of seats in the District Councils. Ma Madonbai Rymbai said that recently after the Dorbar Tlang of the Council from 27th to 30th November 2018, when he left for Delhi with MDCs of KHADC and other members of JHADC to meet with Jual Oram to discuss the Amendment to the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The total number of cases in Mizoram has risen to
However, it is a song that comes from the hearts of the Khasi people, when they are in any situation where they feel sorry and love for their country.
In her training on nutrition, Ms Mallang said that during these times of COVID-19 pandemic, we should eat protein foods which can be obtained from meat and presbin bones. .
Ms Ampareen also gave the example of Shimla in Himachal Pradesh and Darjeeling by rail for the benefit and attraction of foreigners and promote tourism.
Then, he said “okay” and immediately went to the bedroom and when he came out of the bedroom, he agreed that we should get married and after a few months we got married”.
“There have been reports that teachers do not go to school, they are busy with other jobs, they are paying bills to others.
In sympathy with the request of these drivers who are paradoh parasnam especially during this time when the public is facing many problems due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have strongly warned these drivers not to drive anymore We have released these vehicles on the same day, but we are surprised to learn that on 22/0 /2020 “This person has lodged an FIR against the leaders of the two parties,” said Allmiki Ryngkhlem Vice President EJNC – CEC. Why does it take them up to 3 days to lodge an FIR, this is exactly their desire to insult the leaders of the two parties and to bury these illegal activities.
Choosing these high fiber foods helps with weight loss.
Byrsat said that many people can criticize the NPP party but the truth will remain the truth because it is the only party in power in the state that can do many other things. Previous governments have not been able and willing to touch.
The meeting was conducted by Bah J.Pyngrope Rangbah Shnong of Lyngkyrdem and was attended by Rangbah Shnong, Sordar and Matabor of the villages in the Ri-War Mihngi.
Sumer said the CEM has also appointed a peon at a salary of T.12,700 per month.
She has received a letter of reply but has not yet responded.
Thus, the States within the border of India will be affected as well even though the Northeast is separate from the Muslims and Hindus of the North East. -Eastern India.
On the same day, the union also met with the SE of J.H.A.D.C, Patlong at his office.
Born in Lebanon, she died by falling off the house.
Read and discuss the following points.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Due to the concern over the spread of alcohol while driving at night especially during the shutdown hours, the Shillong Police on Tuesday conducted a raid on the area. About 40 drivers arrested for violating the rules of driving under the influence of alcohol by entering illegal areas, the drivers were arrested by the police but released after they had paid the fine.
In his speech, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his gratitude that he has been able to open the fence which he has allocated from his scheme by the grace and presence of God.
The Meteorological Department of India has forecast heavy rainfall in parts of Shillong and surrounding areas and cloudy weather in parts of the state within the next 24 hours. to come.
In the men's second leg, North Liberty Higher Secondary School beat Government Boy's Higher School 3-0
The State has released an Additional Grant of T.104.62 crore from the Corpus Fund besides the 10% payment of T.30.19 crore by the State Government till June, 2023,” he said.
“That the Deputy Governor is convinced that it is right and necessary to uphold the law, that no one who is a government servant, should be allowed to engage in private business, among the people who are to rule".
“On the other hand, she said that as the traffic jam in these two areas has improved since the implementation of this order, it will be fully implemented from Tuesday.
I will never forget the behavior of some church leaders and political party leaders who denied corruption and denied the protesters demanding the implementation of the anti-corruption law, the Lokayukta Act, in in the State from 2011 to
The striker, who turns 36 next month, has already played for the club in their 3-0 defeat at home to Lorient in the League1 tournament.
At this hour, when taxi drivers have gathered on the streets to stop working with their vehicles, on the streets, heavy traffic jams have been seen in parts of Shillong such as IGP. , in front of Civil Hospital, Barik and other parts of the city.
The fact is that in Meghalaya, adhoc schools are like the blood vessels that strengthen and deliver education to students across the state, from rural to urban areas and have a role to play in The most important thing is to improve not only in education but also to bring about economic development in all areas related to education.
Two former MLAs will contest the upcoming MDC elections, Titos W Chyne from Sohra and Embhah Syiemlieh from Mawlai constituency.
Bokstar is currently in the ICU and is in critical condition.
These events testify to these events.
The Village Council has issued the following rules: The organizers of the Election Meetings within the Dorbar Hall of the Village Council are requested to conclude any of their meetings within 10 pm.
Eric Nongkynrih KSU Sports Secretary was the chief guest and Pynkmen Sanmiet, Education Secretary KSU was the chief guest.
Shillong, Lber 08 : The post of CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) may be shaken after the formation of the new government in the state has been completed.
He was the first Super Specialist in Gastroenterology in the North East and completed his DM (Gastro) in 1987 from PGIMER, Chandigarh.
Rowel said this while talking to Rupang on the meeting of Congress leaders from the state including MLAs to demand the removal of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma from the state. you shuki that you bat.
The slowness of the area and the shops in the square have made it difficult for the fire truck to move because it takes time for people to evacuate,” said a fire police officer.
The Seng also found that the 2 KM road from Nonglwai 2 to Mawkaiang which is the road to the venue of the service which was used for cleaning and cleaning has just started to be dug. the ground until now.
Referring to the people who will work at the 5 Star Hotel, the Minister said that about 80 out of 100 of them will be from the state who have to work outside the state.
He said that the Deputy Commissioners have also been directed to submit proposals for the construction of new Aganwadi Centers in more than 1500 villages which have not yet been included.
Dunbar, Esq Commissioner of Dacca, to Sohra in November 1848 to investigate the corruption and tyranny of the Sohra Court, found that the Court and the Assistant Political Agent Captain Harry Inglis had committed excesses.
Dewion said that every day he went to Rap Jot Conrad.
When the fertilizer is full, the garden also grows and the plants grow.
It is expected that the environmental protection measures will be followed during the mining of coal according to the scientific era,” said the order issued by Full Nench.
Shillong, November 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has received a complaint from the students of the state who will sit for the CSIR NET exam 2023 to be held on the 26th, 27th and On the 28th of this month, the union met with the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma.
Bernard, who is also the Vice President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, was arrested after the state police issued a lookout notice. take Marak and bring him to Tura.
This comes after the two teams won the quarter final match which was held on Friday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Muaythai Association of Meghalaya (MUA) on Tuesday announced that 17 Muaythai players have completed their training as Muaythai. coach on One Standard Mauythai, a Thai sports festival.
Halen Nongtdu, 16, is the son of Thilda Nongtdu and Kynsai Dkhar.
According to him, if the border dispute in Arunachal Pradesh can be resolved, why not in Meghalaya.
Prestone Tynsong said this after learning that Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, has been able to deliver many development projects for the Jirang constituency which has been of great benefit to the Jirang constituency. the people of the whole area.
Psalm 102:14.
Thus, the Ayushman App is open to Jan Bhagidari.
On this occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah – Y Patton has expressed his deep sorrow and sent his condolences to the family of Yollow.
A wild elephant with a group of Garo Hills has fallen dead on Tuesday night after colliding with an electrical sign near the village. Garobadha in South West Garo Hills (SWGH).
After thorough investigation, police recovered a Samsung mobile of Nath and a Nokia mobile of the truck driver from the house of Claipson M Marak and a Swift (ML05-K-8473) used by Nath. these police.
The speakers strongly condemned the way people think in a way that is not just seen or heard without seeking the truth.
Nongstoiñ: A day after the beating and bombing of 28 residents of Umwali village by the Assam police and the arrest of two others by the Sengbhalang of West Khasi Hills District, today, the The police chief and the Magistrate of West Khasi Hills, who visited Langpih in connection with the incident, have visited Langpih to inquire whether they have released those arrested.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Monday, inspected the house of Amit Singhania, which was destroyed by the fire.
Think carefully about that crowd if there is no God, that shit religion until you are on the ground you have fallen, niiiiii see the power of God tnag Shi thap also no one can raise his hand???? Ban Da is the only one who has been shyit...I don't know how.
The training was attended by officials from District Disaster Management Authorities, officers of government departments, officials from Meghalaya Police and others.
MCQs require more experience than descriptive ones.
He said that he is very pleased that Sohra College has been able to hold this symposium.
!" Rida said, “I don't believe you've done anything... Until I can't talk to you anymore... Since that night when you came, I've been different from him. “I don't know what you're talking about.
He said that as it is now under the rule of the MDA government, the development is only high while inside there is only a lot of corruption.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 12: The widespread burning of hills and forests in these days, has been severe in these days, where it has been seen that from morning till evening, the thylliej fire is burning and destroying the dead trees and the young trees until the mountains were covered.
Two days after the found the head of the Rangbah near Pung Umiam, on the 8th of October, the residents found the hand of the Rangbah. the body, which was buried in the ground by the pool of Umiam.
On Friday, 231 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 2 people died, bringing the death toll to 1294 in the state.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and other senior officers from the Urban Affairs Department.
The DSO office also clarifies that children under the age of 14 years (Under – 14 Years Boys) – those born on or before 1st July 2010, children for the list of Under – 17 Years (Boys) – they were born on or before 1st July 2007 and for girls under 17 years old – they were born on or before 1st July 2007.
Shillong, Naitung 26: Thousands of residents of Mawlai have gathered at Madan Malki on Tuesday to hold a rally against MUDA. Twelve organizations have been invited to attend the rally. These include FKJGP Mawlai Circle, KSU Mawlai Circle and Mawlai Youth Association. Nongkwar, Mawlai Youth Association Iewryng hep, Phudmuri Youth Association, Mawdatbaki Youth Association, Um Thlong Youth Association, Syl Laikariah, Motsyiar Youth Association, Mawroh Youth Association, ANWing Mawlai Youth Association and Hs' Kyn Kawlai Youth Association other other.
The Commissioner of Food Safety, Shillong has said that the water supply in 44 out of 46 villages in Shillong is not safe for the health of the people. .
The closing date for submission of nominations is on the 27th of this month and the deadline for withdrawal of nominations is on the 30th of October
It is the day of revival of the Jaidbynriew.
After leaving Malki, the leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday violated Section 144 CrPC imposed by the East Khasi Hills District authorities in Shillong. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government (MDA) has gathered in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah near the Shillong Civil Hospital to condemn the assault on its members by the police in Rambrai on Sunday. Everyone.
Regarding the cancellation of the opening day of the festival, not only the organizers of the Cherry Blossom Festival have to think for the safety of the participants, but also the India Meteorological Department ( The IMD has already warned that there will be natural disasters such as cyclones and heavy rains which could affect parts of the North Eastern states of India.
Speaking on the occasion, Tiwari said the state election department has been monitoring the situation especially the incident so that it will not disrupt the election.
that it should explain publicly its misleading of the people on the uranium issue.
It is for this reason that the MDCs of the local party, especially those from the UDP, are now in their hiding places, in order to prevent the infiltration of the Congress party, from The reporter, speaking to one of those close to the party, said that the search for the Congress party is still ongoing. They continued to force the UDP MDCs to leave to support the opposition in the District Council.
“Besides the MLAs, the ex-MLAs receive their pension from the public budget, those who are A+ receive about T.20,000 and above from the bill light, household allowance and others. One Chairman of the Government has lost tens of thousands of rupees.
Therefore, the disease of the whole world, Sñiaw, does not violate the Law of Adong Blai.
North Liberty Higher Secondary School has scored 97.84 per cent in Matric and 100 per cent in XII Arts.
The State Government has allocated T.1 crore for the year 2014-2015 to provide assistance to those schools which have opened music training centres.
God-given freedom is an essential law of life.
When asked, Hazarika said, “Thieves are thieves.
This award shows the great contribution she has made as a nurse and is a sign of her commitment and hard work in the care of the people.
Dkhar said that the Garo leaders' bias is not only in the MDA government, but has been found since the time of the MUA leader, Dr Mukul Sangma when the scheme was implemented. The Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Delhi has allocated T.5.74 crore for the establishment of the Tribal Research Institute.
Chief of Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya, Pradip Kumar, IPS, IG BSF on 31st November 2023 inaugurated a public awareness rally to encourage the appointment of tree trunks inside its office in Umpling, Shillong.
Nongpoh, Nailur 29: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Nongpoh Circle today visited and expressed its condolences to the family of Samla Nisha Nongbet who was killed by a foreigner on the 25th of this month. Nailur in the King of Kings.
The event was attended by male and female students, elderly and women and members of the Meghalaya Pensioners' Association.
The dignity and manners are still in the soul of each and every child of the Jaitbynriew in Ri Jaintia.
The police who had searched Darangagre rushed to Kherapara Police Station and interviewed the three.
Rupang inquired why Bah Ardent was not with them.
And the whole earth wondered after the beast: and they worshiped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast? and they worshiped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast? Who can make war with him? Revelation 13:3-4
Moodymmai scored 151 runs in 14.2 overs for the loss of five wickets.
Therefore, the Nongpoh MLA urged the women who are also seamstresses to take good care of the house and especially those items inside the house.
This will also help bring in investments.
“The Nongkrem constituency is like a President Rule, the people don't have the opportunity to leave and enter the MLA's house, his relationship with the people is only through the MLA scheme,” he said.
To bring closer together among the Khasi youth living in the villages and townships under the jurisdiction of the KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle, the KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle on Saturday opened the tournament. The 2024 tournament will be held in Maitshaphrang.
Regarding the problems expressed by the teachers and management of the school, the Nongpoh MLA, speaking on the occasion, said that he will work together to provide for the needs of the school.
If you can't provide food, you don't have the strength to stop the Khan of the people.
“If foreigners have to fight, the Foreigners Act 1946 and the Protected Areas Order, 1958 have to be amended and this can be done by Parliament.
Shillong: A meeting to discuss the preparations for the 2nd (second) Sohra International Half Marathon 2023 was held under the chairmanship of Kong J Umdor, EAC, Sohra Civil Sub-Division, at 11.30 am on the 11th of this month. November 2023 in the conference hall of SDO (Civil) Sohra Civil Sub-Division, in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, MSOA, and Bah Finely L Pariat, General Secretary, MSOA & Meghalaya Athletic Association (MAA) who explained the preparations.
Bah Let also came immediately to the door.
In the Khasi society, the discrimination against women is the discrimination against the society, because women are considered to be the honor and dignity of the society.
On this occasion, the farmers also received training from officers including Bah Harvester Dohling, Assistant Director, Department of Agriculture and Bah Wanshan Kharkongor, Divisional Officer, Department of Soil and Water Conservation.
Secretary U Bah Mandari Dkhar.
We see this through newspaper advertisements from time to time.
“Before increasing the number of family members, they should think carefully whether God will be glorified or dishonored by bringing children into this world.
Sangma also met with the Governor today.
“We don't even have enough money to buy jingtah or meat at home to feed our children because we don't have enough money,” said one of the elders.
The Committee alleged that due to the non-functioning of the sewage plant, the waste of the school flows into the Mawphlang Dam which is the source of drinking water for Shillong.
At the executive committee meeting held last month, it was decided to terminate the MAL and the MFA will fight to return the money to all the clubs. It is after she has counted back the money, which she has already spent for the games she has already held.
“We do not agree with the complaint of these people and their allegation that the Syiem is involved in corruption, money laundering and issuance of documents.
According to the Minister, the development of connectivity will be one of the biggest tasks in boosting the income of Meghalaya.
Although the work has progressed, it is necessary to expedite the work so that it can be completed within the stipulated time. He said that the improvement and expansion of this road will be a blessing to the people of this area especially the farmers who will be able to bring their produce to the market as this area is alive. good in the rep of the riang.
Regarding the Ambulances, Meghalaya will receive 11 Ambulances which will also have safety measures from DoNER. now.
Even as we move towards the goals of SDG 11 (Sustainable Cities and Communities), I believe that changes in cities will bring about improvements for other SDGs related to poverty, health, education, electricity, industry and innovation.
Thus, we can say with certainty that agriculture is the source of income for the state.
Dr Mukul said that as a leader, he is clear that this issue should be resolved because he does not want to be a victim of corruption. at that point can be written.
When asked about his decision to contest from Nongkrem Constituency, Bindo said, “The reason is that non-tribals don't vote for the tribal parties. I have chosen to contest from Nongkrem Constituency.
Langsning, yesterday was the second time that Nangkiew have left empty-handed without any points and at the same time it was also the second time that Nangkiew have been able to beat Nangkiew. I don't know what to do with the opponent.
“We will hold a continuous protest to raise awareness of the government's inability to resolve the power outage in the state which has affected the people,” said Bah Mawthoh.
We focus on multimodal connectivity to support each other.
Another problem that has delayed the announcement of elections is the stalled peace talks between the government and the rebel groups.
According to the newly issued order, opening will be allowed only until 11:30 pm and will come into force from 13th November, 2023 until further notice.
Speaking before the awarding ceremony, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his pleasure to be part of the youth association which distributed awards to those who passed well.
Shangpliang is the Director of Social Welfare of the state not only for Mawsynram and he must comply with the All India Services (Conduct) Rules, 1968 which states that an officer must refrain from any activity that is unlawful. may be against the rules.
Besides the Champions League, he has won the Europa League, Super Cup and Club World Cup.
In an affidavit filed by the Jowai Municipal Board, the Jowai Municipal Board has informed the HC that it has provided vehicles to transport garbage on the scheduled dates. law in this regard.
Prachi demanded that the Indian government should introduce a law to curb the population growth in India.
These leaders urged the people to walk slowly, not to create any disturbance or disturbance on the roads until they meet again at the same place where they have been. emerge.
Mabel L Kynta (MCS), Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, spoke as the chief guest at the closing ceremony at Khliehtyrshi. teach you how to stand, walk and prepare for job interviews and how to stand and speak in public.
He said that these false allegations are also illegal under section 499 and other provisions of the Indian Penal Code,
To ieh, I will not talk about the Garo, but in this part I will talk only about our own people known as the Khasi and Jaintia. There are no Khasi and Jaintia.
This special program was held at Mowkyndeng.
“If I give the wrong ticket in 2023, the count will be wrong,” he said.
He also sent his condolences to the parents and relatives of the victim.
And the root cause is the confusion over the meaning of the word cadre or cadre strength, in relation to Reservation.
Jowai: The Sein Raij Jowai today concluded the annual Shad Sukra festival, which is a festival before going to the fields to start farming.
There are 649 recoveries.
The 60 MLAs can only help with what the 60 MDCs need, that is, that the Sixth Schedule will go ahead and the First Schedule will follow.
Shillong: The Union of Dorbars of 6 Villages including Mawryngkneng, Kut, Puriang, Pommura, Thangshalai and Ksehpyndeng Villages in its meeting held last month in Mawryngkneng Village Council has decided to hold programs to hold a program of physical activity. Agitation Programme) against the Health Department Government of Meghalaya on the non-keeping of the promise at the meeting held on 12th July 2020 at PHC Mawryngkneng in the presence of MLA and MDC of the constituency Bah David Nongrum. , Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Doctors of PHC Mawryngkneng, DMHO and Director of Health Services Dr. A. War who promised at this meeting that by November 2020 the old PHC Building will be moved to The New PHC Building and the transformer to be delivered for the purpose of providing light inside the New PHC Building, but till now no sign has been received that the work will proceed as promised.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by SC Sadhu, Director Community and Rural Development, Bah MB Tongper, SDO Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division. , Raja Brahma, Project Director, DRDA and many village leaders of Ri Bhoi West.
Of these, only 4 have proper permits to operate while the others are operating illegally.
He also said that when you appoint people, you will reap the fruit for eternity,” said Conrad.
In the course of time, many of the things that our ancestors used to do have been forgotten.
Let us put on new clothes, clean clothes, which we have cleansed and purified.
Nongpoh: More than two months after the Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) on Friday met with Depak Kumar, Chairman of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), NHAI, officials of the NTC, Ri Bhoi Police and others, conducted an inspection of several areas that remain under the Four-Lane Road in Nongpoh and Umsning as well.
He said the committee of the state government, which has been appointed to look into this, has already recommended to the government for the places where it is necessary to set up checkpoints for the entry and exit of people. .
Padma Shri Jadav Payeng, known as the Forest Man of India, was also present on the occasion.
In the sentencing, the court headed by Special Judge of the CBI Bharat Parashar said that the crimes committed by government officers are more serious than those committed by other citizens.
“Remember that we may be less in numbers, but if we have the skills in us, our society will be stronger," he said.
Mawphlang MLA Matthew B Kurbah questioned whether the project could be completed in July as no work has been done at this site.
Tata Motors produced a 63 per cent drop in November to 6,976 units from 18,855 units in the same month last year.
This experience is a key platform where many customers can take their business to the next level.
They said that the main reason why the government cannot provide for the needs of the schools is the emergence of private schools where there are no schools with only teachers but there are other schools but there are only one or two students. teacher access is in line with many others and receives the same benefits.
It is true that we have the government we deserve.
Further investigation was conducted by the Bharat Petroleum Transport office and it was found that the vehicle did not carry diesel fuel from their premises and there is no record in this regard. a car in their office that raised suspicion.
However, Meghalaya will be governed by the people of Garo, Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
It is understood that the KHADC will set up a new committee and the members of the committee will be the same members led by the HSPDP MDC from Mylliem, Teilinia Thangkhiew. The committee has been appointed since the tenure of CEM of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem so that the working of the committee will be new.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 123 new cases and 2104 active cases in the state.
In this age and in the past, they have their own laws and rules to follow in order to do any work.
Then, when the country and the nation are no more, and when the land of the ninth generation has become the son of someone else, who will be blamed and who will bear the responsibility? Time passes and runs fast.
As I support the demand to remove the Ganesh idol from NIT, I support this too.
The increase in the price of petrol and diesel could cause a lot of trouble to the passengers, especially the sick who have to be transported by commercial vehicles or private vehicles.
He said that in the Unitarian Church we are taught to believe in one God.
Shillong, November 06: UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy on Tuesday said that the UDP wants to clarify that it has not issued an election manifesto in the mid-term MDC elections as it has already issued it since the elections. completed in 2014.
Through this scheme, the state government will provide grant and subsidy of up to 75% and the rest will be linked to the loan from the banks.
Khliehriat: The District Session Court through the Special Judge for the POCSO Act, has sentenced to jail a man named Ganesh Sutnga for attempting to destroy the purity of a woman. A child has been arrested in East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: Thousands of people from all over the country will witness the Miss Meghalaya pageant at Bakur Dawki on Saturday.
The village leaders of Umkiang have demanded that the health department should immediately repair the hospital so that the patients and doctors can escape from the rainwater.
The curfew is not only in India, but many countries in the world are also under curfew and these include Bangladesh, which is near us and other powerful countries. , such as the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany and others.
He said that the people will see more and more in the works that the government will do in the coming years.
Police have also arrested the mother of the girl after the head of the murderer was found from the house of the girl's mother.
“And they were all moved with the Holy Ghost” 2 Peter 1:2
A truck (NL01K 9592) collided with a Maruti Van at Khliehtyrshi but no one was injured.
The success of this app is due to the provision of adequate and accurate information from the health staff through the ANMs to the doctors and health officials in the districts and also to the relevant authorities. in the state whose job is to monitor those poor women from time to time because it appears and appears on the Mother App.
The ceremony was conducted by KD Syngkon, Assistant Waheh Shnong Ladthadlaboh in the presence of Wahh Shnong LD Lakiang, General Secretary Abm Shullai, JM Paswet, Finance Secretary, LYSO and others. Long Women's Organization (LWO) in Ladthalaboh.
He said that the fire broke out on Friday night, 5th June 2020 and the burning of the tree is still going on today. it is difficult to extinguish the flames of the fire.
He said that according to the rules, at least 100 hectares need to get a mining licence, but he wants the government to approve at least 30 hectares so that those land owners who have little land can get a mining licence. with the license.
NGH lost all wickets for 118 runs in 23.1 overs.
Suryakumar Yadav is the current leading batsman in India's cricket history; The Wisden Cricketers' Almanack 2023 has been named the Leading T20 Cricketer of the Year.
The State consumes about 600 pigs a day, but since the ban on importing pigs from abroad, the price has increased and only about 200 pigs can be sold per day, where the people have become more less to buy.
Floods in Assam have once again affected the residents after heavy rains in the past few days.
On Monday, 64 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 2 people died, bringing the death toll to 1423 in the state.
Jowai, June 5: Despite the bad weather, 120 school children from all over the country came to take part in the first Jamboree Festival in Jaintia Hills organized by the District Arts and Culture Society. The District Administration held a meeting at North East Adventist College, Khliehtyrshi which started today and will end on the 7th of this month.
Also present on the occasion were Barister Mawthoh, Chief Organizing Secretary, Kitboklang Nongphlang, Poul Office Secretary. These office bearers of FKJGP Thadlaskein Circle gave their advice, blessings and prosperity to the office bearers of FKJGP Thadlaskein Circle and confirmed the new office bearers of FKJGP Thadlaskein Circle. This circle is I Bah Dondy Cliff Khongsit General Secretary Central body.
In fact, soldiers should live and own the land where there are houses where they live and not own all the vacant land.
He said that most of the time people understand the value of health until we get sick.
Vehicles coming from Garikhana Road to Dawki/Sohra no longer have to pass through Rilbong Point but will pass through the Mahavira Park flyover to Lummawbah Road.
Please call or answer.
This is done by many rice farmers because the two fertilizers known as Urea and Kpei (SSP or Single Super Phosphate) are not cleaned at home. two-three or four hours before planting) and when it reaches the hill or the field, the whole mixture begins to water and begins to swell.
In the Men Double, Satis Fyme Dkhar and Bashan-bor Dkhar of KNGC defeated Holywell Dhar and George Hamilton Kungte. the Assistant Director of Information and Public Relations (ADIPR).
The troops reportedly entered the city and opened fire on civilians in the area.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 392 new cases have been confirmed and 2494 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
“We will take the necessary action after receiving a copy of the Supreme Court order,” said East Khasi Hills Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal, who resigned as DC today.
New Delhi, July 5: The Election Commission of India (ECI) is ready to hold the Lok Sabha elections in mid-June and will end in June. in about five parts of 2014.
“You parents and youths don't be ashamed if you are imprisoned for the sake of the nation but rejoice that you have done things for the benefit of the nation,” he said. Everyone is calling for change but for five decades we have been running as a state.
In connection with this incident, it was reported that the man fell from the temporary siej bridge at Umpling Bridge, and was drowned and was found on the bridge of Wah Umkaliar. At Dongsharum on the road to MES Umpling at about 3:15 pm, his family members were searching together with the police of Rynjah P.S. Police from Rynjah Police Station rushed to the scene to recover the body until the arrival of the Search and Rescue Team of the Fire and Emergency Service, Fire Brigade.
According to the results of the Lok Sabha elections, the BJP will get 276 MPs, the Congress 112 MPs and the others 155 MPs.
“I will distribute the departments after getting the approval from the Governor,” he said.
She has 13 children, 8 girls and 5 boys, 3 of them have died, and many of the children are still studying and some of the children have started their education. to do this work, that it may not end after I am no more.
The Seng also alleged that the Directors are only visitors to the NEEPCO Head Quarter in Shillong.
“Until the fullness of the Gentiles has come in” Romans 11:2
The following are the newly infected people who have recovered from the disease:.
In November last year, the Customs Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) at Trichy airport arrested a man and seized two gold biscuits worth T.8 lakh from him. , which are placed in one tin.
“However, the Dry Process Plant was completed by 2016 and the equipment has been destroyed during these years,” he said.
The president of HPWN said that from time to time the union has been demanding from the government to have petrol stations in Shillong and Tura so that there will be no disruption in the supply of petrol, diesel and petrol. LPG in the state is not available in Assam.
When we talk about the customs and traditions, first we have to ask who is the Khasi or the Hynniewtrep? Where did it come from and where did it go and where will it flee from here to other cities and countries of the world? According to legends, we came to earth from heaven according to the stories of Lum Sohpetbneng.
If we are not prepared, our worship of God is in vain.
As a sign of the beginning of the celebration, the tricolor flag of the party was hoisted in red, white and blue.
Nongpoh, Naitung 09: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has been affected by the spread of drugs among the youth across the state and especially in Ri-Bhoi District. Are there foreigners who aim to destroy and destroy young people? Or is it their weakness? And where is the future of humanity? asked the President of the party, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew.
He also assured that a clean appointment system will be introduced in all government departments if he is elected as MLA. He said that at present, a clean appointment system applies only to the police department.
Similarly, 34 small bottles of the same powder weighing 1.03 grams were recovered from Vicky Dkhar, 26, of Mihmyntdu, Jowai.
He urged private YouTube channels and social media users to seek permission from the Dorbar before disseminating news, videos and documentaries of the Shad Nongkrem so that they can disseminate the news exactly as it is. , whether within the State or outside the State as well.
We will see how to do it and where it will lead,” she said.
Speaking on the NPP-BJP alliance and their attempt to form a government (before the HSPDP MLAs joined), Vincent said, “They are working with other parties. the younger ones will join them on their self-interest.
The husband, who is 25 years old, also agreed and went to court to demand a divorce.
Mawkyrwat, July 05: The District Election Officer, Mawkyrwat has announced that the Amendment List of the Draft Election Roll for the 35-Ranikor (ST) Assembly Constituency and the 36-Mawkyrwat (ST) Assembly Constituency has been prepared by taking 1st July, 2023 as the qualifying date in accordance with the Registration of Electors Rules, 1960 and a copy of these amendments list is available. to visit the office of the Electoral Registration Officer, 35-Ranikor (ST) and also at the office of the Electoral Registration Officer, 36-Mawkyrwat on working days and hours.
Their main support is by supporting the business of these foreigners, by buying directly from these foreigners.
The court has postponed the hearing by imposing a fine of T.5,000 to the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority, Shillong and to submit an affidavit within two months. from today.
Because here the Government collects the GST.
The Save Hynniewtrep Mission has already put forward nine demands before the government including the demand for the Inner Line Permit, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. India, to revise the MoU is illegal and unjust, to evict all government employees and immediately expel illegal metor drivers from Mawlong Market area, to revise and improve the recruitment policy Meghalaya, the CBI or the court to investigate all corruption cases in the state, the CBI to investigate, the court to investigate and punish the police who shot and killed Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, to immediately appoint in a transparent manner all the vacancies in Meghalaya and to immediately repeal the casino law.
“Since the establishment of the UDP party we have never received any MLA/MDC from Nongstoin but the workers of the party have remained strong and have not left the party and this is very important within the party. “The failure to win the elections is due to the lack of preparation and to win the elections the party needs to have candidates along with adequate staff,” said Dr. Donkupar Roy.
Indeed, the results of Commerce this year are good, the percentage of students who passed is good.
Shillong: The Rajya Sabha MP nominated by the President of the country, Professor Rakesh Sinha, who has adopted Kongthong; On Friday, he held a meeting to discuss with the media on many issues and plans that he has to develop Kongthong village one of the wonderful villages because of the Jingrwai Ïawbei which the residents of this village. village is still used to call the name of each and every resident of this village.
Lumbhahdakha, Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu and Mookyrdup won the third match of the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy 3rd Division Tournament.
Khadsawphra College, Mairang has celebrated the Swachh Bharat Campaign on the 30th of this month. November 2016, as Swachh Bharat Day falls on Sunday 2nd of this month.
Looking back at the last elections, the VPP has surprised everyone.
James Trafford's penalty in the last minute of the match gave England a 1-0 victory over Spain.
He will save us from the wrath of God" Rom 5:9
It is understood that the parents of these people who filed this complaint had entered India before 24th October 1971 so the request to send them back to Bangladesh will not arise again and they have become citizens of India. in Amjong.
Shillong, Nailar 08 : The National Executive Member of the BJP and MLA of Pynthorumkhrah, Bah AL Hek on Monday said that he does not see any political consequences on the arrest of the Vice President of the BJP, Bah AL Hek. Bernard N Marak on charges of running a farmhouse in West Garo Hills District.
The competition was held on the 15th of this month at Jalyiah Lad Rymbai Bypass, East Jaintia Hills District.
On the other hand, the union urged the electricity department to take action to do its duty properly and not to cause problems to the people.
Hancock's announcement came hours after Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced that he had tested positive for the virus.
“This protest against the transfer of the DC is not because we are angry with the DC but because of the transparency of the DC in various ways of working and especially that his term of office is not yet the time for him to “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Goldenstar Nonglong.
In Meghalaya, we have been celebrating this day for more than 46 years by planting trees across the state.
Such mistakes should not be allowed to happen again,” she said.
Three players have been suspended for life, while seven have been suspended for up to 1,000 days.
On the other hand, Ian Campbell in his speech said that besides having a clean environment, the state has many young people.
“Because the situation has changed, I have decided to change my mind, I have persevered, I have persevered, but I have received the fruit of the field. We also tried to negotiate peace with the groups of Bah Saibon, but we could not.
The tournament will start on 7th March and end on 14th March,
Shillong, Jymmang 3: Teams from Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Maldives and Bangladesh to compete in archery, football, table tennis, badminton and wushu arrived in Shillong on Tuesday.
Tura, July 30 : The MPCC has given 48 hours to the MPYC from Garo Hills to explain the protest and arrest of party leaders including Vincent H Pala and Deborah Marak were arrested on Thursday night.
He said that the accident happened when the road was bad or good and we are sorry for this incident and send our condolences to the family of the doctor.
If only one party had not reached anywhere compared to the Congress.
Shakti VO Karaigora won the first place while Mawpyllun VO Akawe won the second place in the cultural program followed by the distribution of food items to the children.
On the other hand, these 7 villages said that what the Nongtalang CHC needs now is to send only one doctor and nurses.
Let us turn to the life of this 36-year-old leader.
It is learned that the BJP in the state has convened an emergency meeting to discuss the path taken by the Congress party to stand up against the NDA government. I have handed over to my Media Cell to inform the public in the ways I like.
The last problem we face in the Kseh Hills is that many of the streams and rivers have started to ring tyrkhong during the rainy or dry months.
The protest by the JHTOA has started after the expiry of the deadline from the 1st of this month to the owners of dewbilat factories to implement the new fee.
Shillong, July 17: The Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM), the youth wing of the BJP, has demanded that the state government should strengthen the working methods of the police department and the demands of the youth. The BJP has sent a letter to the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri.
In West Garo Hills, there are 22 cases and in West Jaintia Hills, there are 11 cases.
From the road, the traffic jam inside the market is excessive and the footpaths are filled with people selling.
The requirement of burial, which the government has imposed, will not only make drivers more vigilant in the workplace, but will also help those who are orphans or those who depend on the deceased for life.
He said that if Bah Metbah becomes the Leader of the state, the income will be his 'Paheh' and the two constituencies including Mawthadraishan and Mairang Constituency will be in his hands. Bah Metbah to understand how he will do for the needs of the constituency if he becomes the head of the state.
Pakistan has not qualified for two of the 13 tournaments since
Not only that, the Whole Sellers of Nongstoin area have also written to the Deputy Supply of Nongstoin, and given the estimate of the cost of services, but this too has not come to fruition. The group also met with the DC of West Khasi Hills District to clarify but the DC could not explain.
“There have been about 20 MLAs from the Congress party, and some independent MLAs, who have sent their request to join the BJP,” he said.
Nongpoh: U Anup Sen of Laban Shillong has been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police on charges of drug trafficking from Guwahati to Shillong.
Violators shall be liable to punishment under Section 127 of the Representation of the People Act,
Speaking at the meeting, Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh said that he is proud to say that he is a Khasi and all his rights are protected by Article 7 of the Constitution of India.
The scheme aims to transform the quality of IT services in the PDS, by using the cloud and new technologies known as SMART. -PDS'.
At the same time, Justice Katakey said the State Government has said that it finds it difficult to accept some of the recommendations made at the meeting.
These four players have improved their qualifying time for the Asian Games by 46.17 seconds.
There are those who refuse to admit that the Khasi language is still in short supply and there are those who are lost in their own identity and believe that the Khasi language is rich.
We request the state government and the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District if you cannot provide for these needs of the volunteers it would be better for you to temporarily stop these cement and clinker trucks from coming here until This is the end of the lockdown.
Through the recent incidents, we have seen that even the poor have not been forgiven for third-degree treatment,” said Ramana.
Earlier, there were reports that social media can be harmful to health and can be a cause of anxiety and loneliness.
The memory will remain in the hearts of her children who fled from this village and in the hearts of the Labang Nangphyllut.
We have to encourage our children to turn to their own self-employment so that they can manage the income of the state and employ others.
After the meeting with the Executive Engineer of MEeCL Nongpoh Division, KSU Nongpoh Circle Secretary Samla Baïashanlang Kharshanlor said that the KSU Nongpoh Circle has visited these electrical posts to witness them. They also found that the electricity posts in these areas are no longer available because they have burned down and this has endangered the residents and neighboring households.
The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) has organized a shooting demonstration for children with disabilities at Bethany Society, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
The song and dance Jerusalema comes from the soil of South Africa, it is a song and prayer of the singer that God will lead him/her to the city of peace.
Deitilin Ryntathiang & Smt.
Until now, the syrngiew tyrut of deaths and injuries has spread throughout the village of Mukroh, until the Nongmukroh villagers have been shocked when they went to bed at night.
Regarding the Rangbah Shnong, the FKJGP found that the village has received a No Objection Certificate (NOC) for the construction of a Petrol Pump and Resort on the land of MMDCL. Luistar Lyngdoh, in an interview with the media, expressed his regret over the finding that the person who received the permission to use the land is from Assam.
Anjan is involved in a Rs 2.5 crore extortion case in which he extorted money from several people in Kolkata by impersonating himself as an Assistant Commissioner of Police.
Choudary, 56, was arrested by the Metropolitan Police on Sunday for his links to a banned militant group. The leader also met with the leaders of the group to extend their support to them to continue their attacks.
We kindly request the public who support us by coming to the restaurant to stay with their relatives.
These things didn't happen at all, until some of our legislators, who alleged that Khyndailad, is a place of prostitution, which was widely spread in the newspapers. ".
After the Rangbah Shnong was shot dead, the residents of Madur village bombed and tied the robber and both of them had to be evacuated to a hospital with the help of police and residents.
He alleged that the CIC did not mention this law when rejecting his complaint.
Conrad said the State Government has taken many steps to improve health services and to reduce maternal mortality.
The Meghalaya Locality Beautification Competition has been held to revitalize and beautify the villages in the state.
Nozdrin is one of the most powerful religious leaders in Russia and is well known to the country's government officials.
Despite the opposition from the residents of these Elaka which has been forcibly merged into Mikir Hills (now Karbi-Anglong) along with the opposition of the MLA of Jaintia Hills (L) Larsing Khyriem (Note of dissent from the then MLA (L) Larsing Khyriem and the Jaintia Durbar.
The issuance of this notification shows the government's short-sightedness which hides behind its backward ideas.
At present, there is no law on the UCC that we cannot discuss.
Also present on the occasion were the leaders of KSU Lai Unit Diengpasoh, Nonghali Unit, Mynriang Unit, KSU Mawryngkneng Circle, parents and others.
L. Sukun Singh (Vice President of the Taekwondo Federation of India and Secretary Technical Committee of the National School Games) will be the chairman of the Taekwondo Black Belt Examination 2023 to be held in Shillong. u month to come.
However, despite this responsibility, there are still some leaders of the people who claim that they have come abroad to play, while the people of the state are living in poverty.
“If they allege that the Congress has not done anything to bring ILP in the state, why has the MDA Government not yet brought it when the ILP issue is still far from the state? “Their accusations against us now turn against them and why can't they bring it until now,” she said.
Jowai, Nailar 14: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held on Tuesday at Sta Nang Kiang Stadium. , Northeast Jowai.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Marangbah said that there are those who still want to show the film “KA JUK” because many people have not seen the film “KA JUK” at Bijou cinema Shillong. they will see when they show this movie again.
Shillong, Lber 16: Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, the candidate of the Common People's Front (CPF) for the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, has said that he will reach the goal especially the two parties. The KHNAM and HSPDP have decided to support him.
Shillong: For many years, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not heard of the issuance of trade licenses after the expiry of the term of CEM Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit and the term of EM Trade Bah Latiplang Kharkongor. and after the loss of the post of EM Trade, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, MDC of Jaïaw Constituency.
On the government's intention to introduce another bill to replace the Ordinance, Adel said, “If Mukul Sangma wants to introduce a Draft Bill instead of the Ordinance, Mukul's soul is not clean.
He said how can the Congress party be trusted, if the Congress fully supports the ILP demand, it should demand that the MLA should withdraw the letter.
I will give you a place to stay in Ialong.
Conservative MP Rory Stewart, who grew up in Scotland and now represents the Penrith and Border constituencies, was also present.
In his speech, Bah Lister Warjri, District Project Manager (DPM) of DDU-GKY, Mawkyrwat Block, explained briefly about the purpose of DDU-GKY or the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana. young men and women between the ages of 18 and 35 who wish to work in various fields through the training opportunities they have received.
The best cream to get rid of acneYou need a cream that has been lightened and to cleanse dark spots and acneThe best cream to cleanse acneCream to get rid of acne creamCream to get rid of acne liceSmall medicines to get rid of acne.
But this is not true.
On the other hand, he said that the reason why he left the UDP and HSPDP in the past years to form the new party VPP is because it is through the grounds. Therefore, the VPP was formed on the basis of hope for the future of the people. Therefore, the VPP was formed on the basis of hope for the future of the people.
After completing her M.Sc from the University in 1959, she came back to work in the Department of Agriculture in Shillong, the capital of Assam at that time.
The road from the office of the Superintendent of Police, Shillong to the Police Headquarters, Shillong shall be known as Raymond Diengdoh Road.
Hap shan, if you don't shan, you'll lose all your money.
“We have already raised this issue with the Deputy Commissioner because the people living in Sabuda area are no longer allowed to come to Mawlasnai to buy food. I don't want to talk to the DC of Assam,” he said.
When will we be happy and prosperous? Peace cannot come without rule and justice! Amen.
The MDA government admitted that it has done many things to improve the lives of poor women through the CM Cares scheme.
This was announced in a statement by Bah DS Wankhar, General Secretary of the Trinamool Congress Committee.
The complainants include Boston R. Marak, former CEM of GHADC, Mark Goera B Marak, former EM of GHADC, Winnison Ch.
The JYF has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Sniawbhalang Dhar to express the concerns of the residents especially the cement vendors, contractors and construction workers who have been affected by the JHTOA protest. The JYF urges Ma Sniawbhalang in charge of this issue and the MDA government, the local MLAs of Jaintia Hills to take responsibility to fight for the new bill as soon as possible. The indefinite strike called by the JHTOA will lead to a shortage of cement in the district.
He said that the Mizos have Mizoram, the Nagas have Nagaland, the Manipuris have Manipur, but the Khasi people do not have a separate identity.
They said that in 2018, the 21st Law Commission had said that it is not necessary and not appropriate to introduce the UCC at such a time.
These villages are still supporting their ODF status and have the facilities to treat the waste from the toilets and will continue in their cleanliness journey by cleaning up their villages. to make it greener and bring more health.
Who was foreknown indeed before the foundation of the world, but was manifested in these last times for you (says the Apostle Peter) 1 Peter 1:2
The police seized their vehicle and recovered knives, knives, nar rod and kyiad.
The treaty between the Hima Jaintiapur and the British East India Company was signed in 1824 during the reign of King Ram Singh.
If the pollution test fails, the factory can check the odometer.
(i) The first step is knowledge: Young man, is your knowledge sufficient? If you have not yet received education, do not turn to the right or to the left, but be diligent in your studies so that you will receive proper education.
Thank you Bah Monark Shabong for your willingness to publish such urgent news for the benefit of the people.
On these issues and issues, what is important is whether we accept that we are one nation. Rev. Dr. John Roberts and Rev.G.
The methods of violent destruction and forced detention are only weapons of insult and violence,” the statement said.
If Block-II or Block-I is not included in the list of villages sent by the state government in 2011, it means that the previous government should take responsibility but if not, this government which now must give a clear answer to the people.
Not only that, but after the teachers had finished eating, I had to clean their dishes.
Therefore, the party will not forgive them and will expel them to their place of residence.
“If the authorities have a spirit of solidarity, they should listen to our demands,” said the workers.
The festival is organized by the Tura Arts & Culture Society and has received financial assistance from the Department of Arts & Culture, the State Government and the relevant authorities. Visit the world.
The participants of this workshop were 17 persons from 6 departments of the police station.
Khrod Kharkongngor, 85, of Upper Lumparing, who died at home, Klot Pathaw, 54, of Nongthliew, Bobby Singh Kharkongngor, 51, of Nongthymmai and Ioibon Kharumnuid, 86, of Lumsohphoh. , New.
Other places of rainfall were Mawsynram - 258.2, Sohra - 226.0, Pynursla - 182.1, Shella -
Without MLAs/MDCs, there is no party.
Therefore, with his sympathy and sorrow, he tried his best to contribute to the repair of this road with puh shilum, so that the Mahindra pickups carrying food items to this city cannot pass through.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 22 cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in the state.
In the time of Jesus, some of the blind men who were healed by Jesus' miracle took part in shouting 'Crucify him, crucify him'
Conrad also suggested that the Forum as the NEIPF besides addressing various issues of the indigenous people, should also seek information, research and record knowledge & practice. of indigenous peoples that has a lot to offer to the world.
On the other hand, Bah Pynïaid said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has expressed his willingness to cooperate with the District Council on this issue. that the State Government will provide a special allocation in this regard.
It was witnessed that their preparations at the MCA Ground, Polo Shillong are going well and it is expected that the participation in the tournament will be smooth.
Samlin said that if they vote together with other constituencies on 27th June, they will be surprised because it is not known who will form the government.
Pranitha – 9447829296, Dr.Sr.
According to the Secretary of the Managing Committee, the school was established in 1920 in the village and was first taught by a Khasi soldier during the British rule from Sohra.
Speaking on the collapse of the roundabout, Dr Mukul said it is surprising to see such incidents in the Legislative Assembly. “It's not just for us but for the future generations to find and that's why we should do it right”.
As the saying goes, "The banse is the thom of the sang"
The employees of EMRI GVK 108, have staged a strike after the management has not listened to their demands.
The rock band has announced its decision to leave the world on social media and feels that it will again entertain the public and music lovers with its beautiful songs.
You don't know what you're doing.
However, it has become one of the employment opportunities for the talented youth and it is also the biggest source of income for those young people who are determined to reach their goals. money to play football.
We remember that on the day of the announcement of the Matric results, many school children, including those in this city, danced the song “Kongdeng, Kongnah...” to express their gratitude. happy that their schools have done well in the examination.
At the same time, he confirmed that these vaccines have been tested and are safe and if the child has a fever, they should immediately inform the ASHAs and ANMs. to take these vaccines without any fear for the health and well-being of their children.
The seized cows were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
The KHNAM has demanded a suspension of the public release of job advertisements for recruitment in various departments of the State Government while waiting for the finalization of the roster system.
Mulait United's Lessius Sujai was sent off for a red card after he struck Nengnong near the box and Buam took the lead. free kick but the ball went wide of the goal before the end of the first half.
Prof (Dr) T Natung is also a recipient of the International Council of Ophthalmology and Delhi Ophthalmological Society Awards.
“Previously, the payment process was slow due to the excessive length of the process.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, today promised to the residents of Baridua, one of the border villages in Ri Bhoi District, that he will prepare for the The construction of this road, which is also one of the most important roads in the village, but it is a road that floods every time during the rainy season.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, one of the BJP leaders from Assam, also changed his name on Twitter to 'Chowkidar Himanta Biswa Sarma' and Tripura Chief Minister Biblab Kumar Deb also wrote 'Chowkidar Himanta Biswa Sarma' Chowkidar Biplab Kumar Deb was arrested.
Laitjem CC won the 2nd District T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 by beating Hurdles Cricket Club by three wickets. Shortimai Syiem Stadium, Smit.
Likewise, on my part as one of the volunteers in the State, about twice in a row I have received such a message from parents who intend to send their children to this school.
The existence of Self Help Groups (SHGs) will further boost income and economic development in the state as a whole, with special focus on the empowerment of women in the state. Speaking at the 10th Anniversary of the San Shnong Cluster Level Federation (SSCLFMCS), said the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhalash Baranwal. November 2013 at Dong Pyrdi Community Hall, Mukhaialong.
Maldives President Mohamed Muizzu on Tuesday said the Indian government has agreed to withdraw its troops from the Maldives. Maldives is in the elections in November 2023 and is the only Maldivian leader who has turned to this issue and wants to withdraw Indian troops and bases. which are within the borders of the Maldives.
LP School costs T.37 lakh.
What God said has been fulfilled and is being fulfilled now.
Lumshnong Police together with Umkiang Police have urged drivers to be careful while traveling on the National Highway-6 due to the risk of landslides.
In this regard, the union has requested the CEM to take action in this regard.
The investigation was handed over to WPSI M Marbaniang.
There are also groups that often go together with the same tune to incorporate this same feeling and originality.
Sunil Chhetri has about USD 1.5 million (T.12.30 crore), while Gourmangi Singh has about USD 5 million (T.41 crore), including his assets.
“We have told the farmers that although we have allowed them to use fertilizers, we also want to tell them that if possible, they should try to use their own fertilizers according to their own methods instead of using “It's a good idea to have a chemical fertilizer,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Roa said that the department in charge has no problem in providing funds for the development of insect farming in the state.
The congestion of the road is also a factor in the smooth movement of these vehicles.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) candidate for the Rajya Sabha election, Dr. WR Kharlukhi today said that the National People's Party (NPP) will contest again. Dr. WR Kharlukhi, President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, has been elected to contest the MP election despite his refusal in the past.
Thus, the signs now indicate that the greatest tribulation is near and that the time to rebuild the Fourth Temple in Jerusalem is near and the last day is near.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the Meghalaya government is preparing plans for the resumption of coal mining in the state.
On the other hand, Poland Kharija said that Nongnah village and Iawpaw hill have had legends since ancient times and this has been shown by the presence of many crematoria inside this hill.
The statement also said that the union would like to inform the central government that there are many Khasi who are qualified to hold the post of VC at NEHU because they are skilled and experienced in the field. library and administration.
He said that most of the players in the state come from Ri-Lum Jaintia and as an MLA of the area he will try to speak in the House to get assistance for the players of Jaintia Hills. The District, said that sports is one of the highest employment opportunities in the country.
Speaking on the election of Syiem in Malaisohmat, former CEM of KHADC and MDC Langrin, Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, said that the election of Syiem in Malaisohmat is shocking. On the day of the polling, there was a loud shout, 'Ha u Sing-Ha u Sing'
One month, both of these brothers became ill and slept for six months without being able to go to work.
He said that Shella is one constituency with a walking polling station, the Kalatek Polling Station, which has about 700 voters.
The Rangbah Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs of various villages of War Jaintia, FKJGP War Circle and HYC War Jaintia Circle also attended the protest. The market has expressed the same voice.
The Minister also directed the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem to find another land to build a complete cow market as the existing land has become too crowded.
Shillong, Naitung 04 (PIB): The Uniform Civil Code (UCC) will bring unity and love in the country and the delay in implementation of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) will be implemented in the country. it will affect the traditional beliefs of the people of the country.
Until now, no information has been received that there has been any loss from any side.
Hamletson Dohling, Minister of State MLA Mylliem Constituency as the Chief Guest, Daniel Thangkhiew OSD of the Prime Minister as the Chief Guest, Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang Vice President FKJGP, and Bah A.Myrthong BDO Mylliem Block.
From time to time, as we drill, we discover the breadth of the Khasi language and its meanings, especially the absence of other languages ​​in the world. , which do not have the same words as in the Khasi language.
“If you don't withdraw this announcement, how can you expect us to withdraw this protest?
The CEM said that there is no misunderstanding with the UDP as it is now. “It is not true that there is no misunderstanding with the UDP. “The UDP has made it clear that it will work together until the end of its term,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ when asked about the relationship between the CEM and the UDP. The UDP Nongkrem has alleged that Pynshngaiñ has banned the Laitkor Pyllun Dorbar from inviting HS Shylla to the meeting to be held tomorrow at Laitkor. I asked them clearly, these issues, they replied that it was a meeting against MUDA, I asked them to come only those who are against MUDA or those who support MUDA, they said only those who are against, to say that it is Sohra, Jymmang 6: “Those who sell Khasi and Jaintia films by Commander Shangpliang President of the Meghalaya Film Makers Association (MeFilMA) said while speaking at an awareness program on piracy of films. Khasi Youth Conference organized by the Seng Samla Saitsohpen in collaboration with MeFilMA was held on the 3rd of this month at Saitsohpen.
Not only that, 20 motorcycles of BJP workers were reportedly destroyed.
Shillong: On 1st June 2020, a Khasi man named Kwerin Mukhim from Kyndong Mylliem village was robbed of 5 lakh 43 thousand tyngka by three persons in Assam police uniform at Basistha Chariali Police Traffic Point Assam.
Rio is also the convenor of the Northeast Regional Political Front (NERPF).
He said that the district administration under the leadership of Swapnil Tembe DC West Garo Hills has built a chess court at DC Park, Tura which is one of the most competitive chess courts in the world. benefits for state chess players and others.
Replying to the statement of the four MDCs that in the past years, Bah Bindo has also rejected the party's order to withdraw his support from Bah HS Shylla, the Working President of the party. The UDP denied that this was true and said that there had never been such an incident.
“Only those people who have married Dkhars like Angela Ryngad and Patricia Mukhim are the ones who come forward,” said Shylla, who also mentioned the names of Agnes Kharshing and John Kharshing.
The sin of thanksgiving, the words of the Thylliej, the thok and the smeh, the deceitfulness by many kinds of deeds, the theft, the thiem, the klim, the awria, the bishni, the pihuin, the selfishness, the pride of myself, There is no power, there is no power, there is no children, there is no righteousness, there is no righteousness, there is murder, there is murder, there is deceit, there is arphong, there is wickedness in the hearts. and many kinds of evil.
When the sha was brought, Ksan's father sent a prayer to Kynum.
The MLA of the area where the Umkaliar River is located is Bah AL Hek but he has never come to participate in the cleaning of the river.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : About 4 lakh households in rural areas have received water in their homes through the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme, said PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak today. two.
It covers an area of ​​44 hectares or 110 acres.
It was also pointed out that Article 5 of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement signed and approved by the Government of India on 17 August 1948 stipulates that any laws enacted shall be amenable to according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi States.
However, with the trust in God and the cooperation of a few generous people, the Foundation has been able to move forward and continue to help the children and those in need. disability.
U Bah Pius Marweiñ in his speech urged the parents not to worry about sending their children to school because government schools do not require any fees and school buildings in this area. Not only the school buildings but also the teachers were fully equipped.
Such a statement is very common and it seems to be true.
I have AICC records that even those who are 95 years old are prime ministers but their work is going well.
The total number of recoveries is 13382 and the death toll is
Under Phase 1 of the scheme , Titos said the budget is T.19 crore but the claims received from the hospitals for Phase 1 are T.16 crore . “It is surprising that many of the people have not benefited even half of the scheme,” said Bah Titos Chyne.
He said that he has also sent a message to the people on the border not to hesitate because the District Council has to protect the land according to the certificates it has.
His body was laid to rest at Mookyrdup, Ladthalaboh, Jowai.
The benefits that the people should have received from Lafarge have also been suspended due to this rule, which prohibits the gathering of more than five people.
It cannot be said that Jesus himself prayed all night but without many words but with much praying.
The General Secretary, KSU Namdong said that they have sent a letter to the DMHO and said that besides not accepting patients at the CHC, the people who come to get medicine at this hospital are also facing problems. The lack of time for the staff of this hospital.
She said that in November she had decided to resign from the post but the MLA did not allow her and for this reason she had to resign from the BJP Mahila Block as the General Secretary.
Nongpoh: The RBYF, Eastern Zone, today met with the DC of Ri Kanaan Resort at Umeit village in Ri Bhoi district to express their strong opposition to the dumping of garbage into the river by the Ri Kanaan Resort. The petition has been filed against the Resort.
Under UDAN 4.2, about 18% of the routes have been allocated to the North East.
Bah Thabah said the party will continue to protest for the recognition of AMDA and also to get the support of its fellow dancers and singers.
Even those parents who are smart and zealous in the service of God have heard and are deeply concerned about the welfare of their children in these days.
Leaders in the Assembly, They don't speak for the good of the country;
Many of the employees and supporters have spent their time and energy to win the candidate nominated by the party, but this struggle of the leaders has weakened and destroyed them. This is one of the reasons why the work of political parties in Meghalaya is slow.
“At present, the preparations for the election are in progress,” he said.
Meanwhile, the KSU Northern Border Area, led by Samla Alexius Narleng, has erected signboards in many parts of the Guwahati-Shillong road which falls under the Marwet Raid, Ri Bhoi District.
Jowai: A 26-year-old Sati Dkhar, son of Song Dkhar and Bok Symblai, has been missing since the 16th of this month.
Government Minister and Khliehriat MLA, Kyrmen Shylla was the chief guest in the presence of Bertina Lyngdoh who won the first prize among the disabled from Meghalaya.
The program was opened by the presence of the oldest woman of Purnanagar, who showed signs of a close relationship with the residents of the area.
The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 15,000 today and the death toll has risen to
Wealth figures have shot up on the stock exchanges in Mumbai, Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur, Bangkok and Colombo, while millions of people have died, fled and disappeared. to the property.
Earlier, the state government had signed a concessionaire agreement for the construction of the Shillong Medical College through a Public-Private Partnership (PPP).
After the incident, when many policemen were present at the scene, the meeting went smoothly and without any incident.
On the part of the Secretary of Star Christian Fellowship, Bah ISmile Suchen and the team, they expressed their gratitude and thanks to God for receiving this church at their place of work. I would like to thank Prem Kr Bhajanka and other officials of Star Cement for providing this church where they have been able to hold services and prayers.
He also gave an example of the government's preparation of the Education Policy Act which aims to improve education and said that if there is a Farmers Act it will help the farmers. market, agricultural storage facilities and many others.
Is this a discrimination and discrimination in this state, just because they are those minority religions?
To the Jews only Yahweh is the Truth and the Jews do not accept that Jesus is the Son of God or the Messiah.
Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do? Peter answered them, “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. the holy spirit).
“The development will stop if another candidate comes to this village,” said Ma Ryngkhlem. The candidate to contest against him is Ma Lakhon Dkhar. in the community and who goes beyond the boundaries and the community.
The Union of Village Authorities of Ri Bhoi District has opposed this.
In conclusion, Ma Lehkmen urged the people to cooperate with the MLA, government authorities and other government departments in all aspects so that they can work with them. The purpose of the development of the community is achieved.
“It was until this Government under the leadership of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh as Minister of Agriculture came that we have had discussions on the year 2020 onwards,” he said.
MeECL officials said that the rainfall is still very important, if it is for Umiam, that the water level will rise further.
Social media has been critical of Modi's speech, with many saying it has never happened before that the Prime Minister of the country has spoken about the moon. women in the speech to the people of the country.
During the meeting, the Meghalaya Cement leader was warned not to give space to the BSF to stay inside the company and during the meeting, it was agreed not to give space to the BSF. to stay in the residences of these dewbilat companies.
Santa Singh scored the first goal from a free-kick, which he shot to the right side of Smit goalkeeper Maitshaphrang Kharumnuid.
The “Messiah" came from Heaven to earth to free and deliver the Jews from slavery in the Roman Empire and also to free the people from oppression by the ruling powers.
'Surprised by the Mistake' (No.15).
On the other hand, Bah Marbud Dkhar and Bah Bless Dkhar encouraged and congratulated Donbor Rumnong to reap the clean harvest in this competition. the state.
The reason why the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij have demanded this right to be recognized as minorities in the state is on the basis of the TMA Pai judgment. 1), 29(2) and 30 (1)", which the State Government has not been able to recognize or accept the faithful of these two religious groups as minorities. crowd.
He said that the thinking of the people at this time is that they are entering politics to make money. He accused the MDA government of not looking after the problems of the people.
The upcoming tournament will carry a purse of $500,000 (INR 4.12 crore) and about 130 countries will participate. world.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The past 24 hours has been the highest rainfall in the state, compared to the previous two years, with 110.6 millimetres.
Another is the Indoor Stadium and Swimming Pool, which has not been completed and we have already mentioned this.
Meanwhile, even the vehicles with only 6 wheels carried up to 29 tonnes.
On the other hand, Bah Mayral Born Syiem expressed his deep sorrow over the increasing crime in this age from alcoholism to the destruction of human beings and society. There is also a need to conduct various educational programs to raise awareness among the public.
The Governor of Meghalaya, before opening the Budget Session, said that as he is in a hurry to leave for Kolkata, he will not speak all but only the key issues.
The Prime Minister was responding to questions from journalists who wanted to know about the ability of the opposition party to implement the elections. Lok Sabha as appointed by the Central Government.
So far, the UDP has released 33 candidates including 11 from Garo Hills and 12-22 from Khasi Hills.
However, the decision of the CEC of the HSPDP, did not impress the party leaders from Ri-Bhoi, who alleged that it was a theft by the party leaders, who did not inform the party leaders. The leaders of Ri-Bhoi on the CEC meeting, although they are members of the CEC, and alleged that they did not consult on the proposal to dissolve the party in Ri-Bhoi.
This has only destroyed the people because they feel that the candidate has won and they don't need to talk anymore.
Pynoid said this on the government's reply to a letter he had written to the Urban Development Department and a copy to the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills. He wrote to the department that he is against the government's plan to take land in Raid Tynring and wrote that the government should stop the plan. I have received a reply from the department which said that it cannot do anything, but it will have to continue the work.
It is a time of war and terrible death, a time when Israel will make a covenant of peace, a time of the reign of the beast, the most troubled time in the world.
She said she wanted to clarify that the voice massage that criticized the KSU on social media was not spread by Rueben.
Kyrmen Shylla as the chief guest, said that the school's ability to launch this website will be of great benefit to the students, teachers and parents.
Haggai was a Hebrew but was born in Babylon.
“To become a member you have to pay 100 tyngka and to earn money you have to buy a share of 500 tyngka,” said Pariat.
The CCIB also sent a letter to MP Vincent H Pala who was present at the meeting at Prestone's room.
Think about it, you have stolen our wealth by thousands of crores and even a share has not been given to our area, according to the NSE stocks price Star Cement is selling at 96 tyngka per share.
If the High Court has said so, what else is there? The only way is if the MDA 2.0 government writes to the Governor to convene a Special Session of the Legislative Assembly to discuss the Roster System.
Shillong: The number of people who want to set up jobs under the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Program (PMEGP) is very low compared to other states in the country.
However, he confirmed that the BJP is ready to field candidates from all 60 constituencies.
“In fact, the delay in appointing BDOs is due to the lack of officers.
Along with thousands of followers and supporters of Niamtre, the Governor witnessed the festival on the closing day and expressed the need for the participation of religious leaders in the festival.
Regarding this, the Sordar Shnongs of the 22 Shnongs of the Hima Myriaw said that as the Village Authorities and the Riewrangbah of the Hima, they did not They have lodged a complaint with the Executive Member I/C of Khasi Hills District Council, Shillong.
There are more than 9000 cows affected by Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) in the State.
Is there any other step to ensure peace and stability in these border areas?
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: Denying that there has been a dispute within the Congress Parliamentary Party (CPP) in the KHADC, CEM Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiemu has said that there is only a misunderstanding between the MDCs and the Executive. The committee is strong as usual.
He also acknowledged that the NEP poses no threat, and believes that there will be rules that must be followed when children renew their registration in the future.
He said it is necessary to promote digital payment systems to prevent the spread of the disease.
The people living in this area live in an environment that affects their health and is dangerous to their health.
However, if they don't do so, it will benefit the people to cast their votes.
In addition to the 207 dead, 500 people were reportedly injured in the attacks on three prominent churches in Colombo and four hotels.
The parking lot in Bijoy area will be operational from today, 7th November
Stress, lack of physical activity and smoking and alcohol consumption are among the causes of this disease.
US President Joe Biden has made it clear that Israel will take its own decision, although he has suggested that it will be more vigilant in the process. your struggle.
He said that the KHADC has selected about 40 researchers to conduct research in different districts and this was funded by the KHADC. He hoped that the Khasi Department will assist the KHADC in improving the quality of education. more and more to the country and the nation.
The Leader of the Opposition in the Meghalaya government recalled that the purpose of enacting the Meghalaya Lokayukta in 2014 was to curb corruption in the state.
“We will also bring with us the necessary documents,” said a statement from the JAC, which called a press conference at 3:30 pm at Shillong Press Club.
“Sarma promised that the two State Governments will do their utmost to resolve the issues and disputes on the border to bring together the people of Assam and Meghalaya.
The policy aims to promote this traditional farming method which will increase the income of the farmers.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong FC have moved up to six points and are top of Group-B followed by United with four points, East Bengal with one point and Diamond Rock with one point. to earn even a single point.
“The Expert Committee has already held its first meeting on 23rd November and on 6th November it will hold its second meeting through Online Video Conferencing and the third meeting will be held in Shillong. " don't say.
Khliehriat, July 16: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS today distributed 500 fire extinguishers to the residents of Tuber Kmai Shnong. These shawla are known as Eco-Friendly Smokeless Chulha, these types of shawla reduce the emission of smoke and if you use these shawla it will help to reduce the use of a lot of wood for burning because if you burn only A few trees are enough to cook, this will help to reduce the deforestation and will help to preserve the environment.
He also expressed his satisfaction that the drivers of Pynursla area are praised by many and even the police have praised them and this is because of their discipline in the area. you don't have to work for the people.
When the children did not return home in the evening, the family members informed the police about the disappearance of the children.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah and Minister in charge of PWD, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government has already held talks with the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI). also with the officers of the company that the bridge needs to be repaired urgently.
On Education, Phagu said the Government has set a priority to upgrade and maintain about 1885 schools in the State.
Speaking to the people of Umroi constituency at a rally in Bhoirymbong, Bindo said, “Your MLA is also involved with this government. There is no one who dares to sit in the house of the devil, and I hear that he is alone in all his works. Bindo while campaigning against Umroi MLA Ngaitlang Dhar.
The body is also dark brown or steel blue.
At the same time, when talking to the fish vendors in the market, they said that since the news came out about the presence of fish in the market, the market has increased in the past few days.
We have inspected parks, malls, markets that open once a month, community centres, schools, universities and restaurants to be SUP free during these 100 days.
He also urged the residents to take care of it and clean it. He said that this house belongs to you and not only to the supporters of Dr. Khongjee.
Latiplang Kharkongor MDC Nongthymmai said that the EM's answer cannot be true because the count does not come out when the counting of those who applied and those who were rejected shows that there are 408 candidates. but you have a Trading License.
So when we see these things happening, we know that we are living in the last days.
A major problem for the farmers arises because the census identifies the farmer through his land ownership.
Their paths are like a four lane road.
The cold weather, which lasted for several minutes, the size of a cricket ball, damaged the house and many houses in the village.
Shillong, Nailur 18 : U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma today inaugurated the All Shillong Open Snooker Tournament organized by the Meghalaya Billiards and Snooker Association and the National People's Youth Front Shillong City.
“As Bah Sanbor Shullai said, you should vote for the BJP because if you vote for other parties you have to go through the peons if you need to go to Delhi, but if you vote for the BJP you can meet Modi. Think twice and justify when you vote on polling day,” said Bah Kharsyntiew.
He also alleged that there is a lot of corruption in the Congress ruled states and said that the goal of the AAP is to fight against corruption. fail to work according to the wishes of the people.
They have made idols for themselves” (Hosea 18:4-5).
The operation was conducted by a joint team between the Assam Rifles and the Custom Preventive Force Champhai after receiving a tip on the presence of these items.
The question is, has the religion and identity of the Khasi-Jaintia remained the same today? It is difficult to know about this because it is necessary to know the religious practices of the Kulong Kumah ancestors who lived about 6000 years ago and to compare them with what we believe today.
The total number of recoveries is 5,7
This generation shall not pass away, till all these things be fulfilled.
“When Rangsan has finished his training, there are many workers at home,” said the mother with a smile.
While walking, he came to a place where a man was standing, wearing a blue T-shirt, wearing glasses and covering his head and mouth.
“Now the Village Leaders cannot do or take whatever they want, but the rules of KHADC will regulate this,” he said.
The public cannot pay by online payment.
To improve the working methods of the Dhar Kur, they took part in a discussion for the benefit of the Kur as a whole.
The Mining & Geology Department has said that all coal owners who have coal in different places and who are on the list of re-inventoried should apply for Transit Pass (TP) immediately from their Deputy Commissioners so that they can It is also understood that the coal which is not in the count and the places mentioned, will be confiscated and the owners will be punished. coal in accordance with the provisions of the MMDR Act,
These MLAs include Gabriel Wahlang (Nongstoiñ Constituency), Methodius Dkhar (Mawshynrut Constituency), Matthew Beyondstar Kurbah (Mawphlang Constituency), Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar (Mawkyrwat Constituency) and Olan Singh Suiñ (Mawkyrwat Constituency). Constituency Mall).
Nongpoh, Nailar, 27: A man has died of serious injuries after being hit by an unidentified vehicle at Lumumpih on the Umsning By-Pass.
U Spiton KharakorThe children and grandchildren of Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep are rich in terms of clan.
The complaint was filed against BSF Commandant Sanjay Singh and Inspector Kushal Rawat on the complaint of a policeman deployed at the registration center for the Panchayat elections in the area.
On the 10th of this month, the Forest Police, in collaboration with these foreigners, raided the village and destroyed the house of Khaktu Dkhar (80), who is one of the most prominent women in the village.
One of the things that they found during the search of trading licenses was that there were shops of foreigners who came to work with the owners of the land to claim that it is their shop. administered by foreigners.
Rynsun, laung, pudina are among the herbs that can lower cholesterol.
He said that the party wants a proper implementation and to provide satisfaction to the people, but as it is now, the party has found that the implementation of the T.25 lakh has not been completed. It does not benefit anyone, but it is only for personal benefit and that is only for the Contractor who implements it.
Of the seized, T 6 crore was in cash, T 23 crore was in drugs and other intoxicating liquor and the majority of the money seized was in other sources.
Jowai: The Missionary Sister Mary Help of Christian (MSMHC) will celebrate the Silver Jubilee of Sister Philisita Toppo at Mooralong Convent Jowai on the 28th of this month.
“We pray for our rulers and leaders that God will change them like the children of the wicked so that they will change their minds and turn to the right path,” said the KJCLF leader. The prayer meeting also expressed its concern over the tear gas shelling of contract teachers yesterday which affected female teachers and young children.
Last year, the MBBS seat in Meghalaya was 87, but the Health Minister said the state has received 10 more seats, increasing from 87 to
In 2020, although teachers did not go to school, but the government provided their salaries and the government has spent a lot during the covid pandemic and many of the officers lose their arear, and therefore, it is up to the teachers to have a collective focus, he added.
To explain tomorrow's future is difficult.
Wall Coloring–A nationwide Wall Coloring Challenge on ODF Plus was launched on 15th January 2021.
For unknown reasons, an elephant has become angry and hit a vehicle, which was passing through a recreation area in Khao Yai National Park, Thailand on Tuesday.
Similarly, the word 'nong' which comes from the word shnong translates a verb into a noun: for example, singer instead of kaitor, nong-tem nong -put instead of duhalia, drawer or painter instead of barikor, writer instead of thohjer thohnam, worker instead of shakri and so on.
Has the Government introduced a basis for changing the subjects along with a full understanding of the problems that will arise from it?? Or, it was brought quickly without understanding the head and neck of the problems faced by the paid residents.
Shillong: Out of the 172 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 74 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills, out of which 42 cases are high. risk contact, 21 cases from the armed forces, 4 cases from health workers, 4 cases from abroad and 3 cases from SARI.
Explaining on the activities of the HYC, Bah Rhembor G Saibon, said that the HYC not only wants to instill the spirit of patriotism among the members of the HYC, but also wants to instill the spirit of patriotism. love for the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep as a whole.
There are still many rights of teachers that the government has violated such as monthly salary, retirement benefit scheme, pension, MCPC, medical re-imbursement, etc. not faithful.
“The rapid increase in population and various activities within the district has caused problems in terms of traffic, and the lack of a proper traffic department has caused congestion on the roads. main road route and obstructing vehicular and civilian traffic.
Shillong, Nailur 15 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will not stand idly by but will fight to curb the illegal mining and quarrying of coal in the state.
The Jews were gathered again during the Second World War, in 1939 – 1945 from all over the world, and returned to their fore fathers' country after 1878 years from AD until 1948 AD Israel has grown and become strong as a small nation for about 71 years.
Do you think that the Khasi character is only for those who believe in Christians??? I strongly oppose that person who preaches religion in our holy place.
The raid was conducted in collaboration with the Assam Rifles and Customs Preventive Force, Champhai in Mizoram.
Drinking soybean water not only increases citrate but also helps to cleanse and remove stones through the cleansing water.
The 33-year-old Raina is one of the players who has played at various international levels in the Indian national team.
In a statement, Bah Skhemborlang Pyngrope said that they have received information that those people who have been appointed temporarily in urgent need but now they are no longer able to dismiss them and they intend to strengthen them completely. they.
