The CoMSO also urged the government to take responsibility for the emergency and ambulance service to protect the lives of the people and does not agree that this service should be handed over to the companies as most of the companies are competing. They demanded that the government should take over the operation of the emergency and ambulance service and stop immediately.
Send those who speak Hindi to the states where the people speak it well.
Mairang United is the most famous fan club in England, Manchester United, while Mairang Cules is the most famous fan club in Spain, Barcelona FC. Mairang United played better than Mairang Cules in the first round of the match between the two teams. Mairang Cules scored 3 goals and 1 goal.
To reduce the smoke, the DC's office used a bus to transport government officials and employees to the meeting held at Bishop's House Lumbihsyntu Mihmyntdu.
Speaking to media, the President of the Shillong Municipal Employees Association, Bah S Pyngrope said that in 2019, the leaders of the Association had gone to the Apex Court and brought their petitions. On 19th October 2020, the Apex Court has declared that the Association has won its victory and that they are entitled to receive the Fifth Pay Commission according to their work as they are employees. all 24 hours.
He said that he doesn't use the salary he receives for himself because he uses it to distribute prizes to the students who pass well in SSLC and HSSLC by giving T.3000 and a laptop to those who come top. -20 ha SSLC.“I understand that it is useless to earn money here on earth because when I am called to another world, I cannot carry only one penny, so while I have time I will work hard to serve the people. " he said.
Manipur Police in the past few days said that the situation in many districts has started to improve and is going smoothly except in a few areas where mih that is judged.
The award is presented annually in Delhi on the occasion of the Republic Day.
The Waheh Shnong of Lapangap village, while talking to this reporter, confirmed the incident.
A culture that creates income inequality and a culture that revives the era of slavery.
And the question that arises is that if the armed police had to run away, how much more to the people? police.
Shillong, November: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma and the Minister of Information Technology, Hamletson Dohling, today inaugurated a 25,000 sqft office.
The Principal of Seng Khasi College congratulated the Principals of the colleges who have accepted the invitation to participate in the Seng Khasi College Girls Basketball Tournament. the organization of this competition will not be successful.
The Deputy Commissioner has been directed to complete the matter within two days by submitting an affidavit,” the order said.
When inquired, the supporters of the Acting Dolloi and his team said that the Pandit who was brought from Bholaganj is well educated and fluent in Sanskrit while Oni Muskut. The 18-year-old has completed only class V and is not a Brahmin.
Speeches were also delivered by Jowai MLA Wailad Shylla, JHADC CEM Thombor Shiwat, Sohiong MDC Sherbor Mawlong and Bajop. Pyngrope, Bah Kit Nongrem and party leaders from the area.
Damepaia Shylla scored two goals in the 5th and 37th minutes, followed by Fourki Chyrmang in the 28th minute.
Shillong: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has received information from the management of NEIGHRIHMS that a case of suspected COVID-19 has been confirmed. He completed the test and was found not to be infected with COVID-1
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) on Saturday held an emergency meeting to discuss the issue between the state government and the army. Hundreds of residents of these villages also participated.
Speaking on the occasion, the General Secretary of the Seng, expressed his sorrow for the loss of their home.
However, as it is now, what we see from one election to another is that despite these strict rules, there is not a single party or candidate who does not seek them. ways how to break these rules, to try everything to defeat their candidates.
The song was composed by Comfort Maring and edited and VFX by David Studio.
He showed his courage in the Battle of the Tennis Court, Kohima and was later awarded the Indian Distinguished Service Medal.
The Haryana government has agreed to conduct an inquiry into the five-day dispute between the farmers and the district authorities in Karnal. by a retired judge of the Haryana High Court on the lathi bombing of farmers on 28th July 2021 at the vehicle toll plaza in Bastara.
The Minister said that only time will tell whether future governments will be able to avoid these plants.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 20: In the inspection of the farmers and villagers, the main reasons for the decline in income have been found.
The Public Works Department has imposed a fine of T.1.05 lakh per day on Rohan Rajdeep Tollways Limited for the delay in the maintenance of the Kiratpur Sahib-Una road.
The Womens Wing Nongstoin Circle today elected the office bearers of the Womens Wing Nongstoiñ Circle and a meeting was held today at MECOFED Hall New Nongstoiñ, for the purpose of strengthening them and to welcome those who came to join the party.
Also present on the occasion was Bah Shiningstar Wanñiang, President HYNF SWKHD and in his opening speech, he expressed his gratitude to the organization for organizing this tournament as part of the development of the talents of the HYNF SWKHD. young man in this house.
For example, By faith they passed through the Red sea as by dry land: which the Egyptians assaying to do were drowned. 29.
In the men's junior compound, Chirag Vidyarthi of Ashya Pradesh won the first prize, Hawaibam Teuton Khuman of Manipur won the third prize and Rachit Upadhyay of Delhi won.
Schools in West Jaintia Hills District have decided to hold various programs for the students to commemorate the specialness of this day as it has been recognized by UNESCO since in the year
However, even the orders issued by the court to show that it is clear that the government is involved in the illegal mining of coal have disappeared,” the court said.
During the debate in Parliament on the bloodshed in Gujarat, the Prime Minister, Atal Behari Vajpayee, responded by taking Robert Kharshiing's advice to four. sien in Parliament.
Hek said Modi's visit was clear and this was one of the ways to make it clear that the BJP is not against Christians.
This comes after complaints were received that trucks carrying agricultural products from the state were being stopped in some villages.
Tbn EW Kharsohnoh, Chairman of the Managing Committee of the school was also present at the program which was conducted by the Program Convenor of YWCA, Shillong. The KJP Western Synod started the school with a vision of the needs of these children.
“It is unacceptable that there are no more politicians appointed in state government departments,” said NKU General Secretary Samborlang Lyngdoh.
Samla Raymond said he has signed with the company, which has a headquarters in Los Angeles, for 10 years to help promote him in MMA at international levels. He said that there are three companies that have come forward to sign him, the UFC. from the Netherlands, Malaysia, Singapore, South Africa and the UFC, but now he has to win a fight before reaching this goal.
MR was accompanied by four ministers including the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, Renikton L Tongkhar, Sniawbhalang Dhar and Kyrmen Shylla.
This list was released on Tuesday.
He said that MeECL needs many measures to monitor and monitor its operations so that the department can be strong in terms of income.
“On behalf of the Party, we invite you to support the Party in the MDC and MP elections to be held in
This program in collaboration with the MSOA and the Edge10 Group, has opened the door to identify talented players and also how to train players.
From what was seen at Patharkhmah, it was found that it was one of the most different and surprising events compared to other village events, as more than a thousand villagers from Longkmie, Longkpa, ki Youth, elderly and children came to take part in the expression of unity in the village as a welcome to the New Year. Thousands of people from other villages came to witness the New Year celebration of Patharkmah.
It is learned that due to the heavy rainfall which lasted for 24 hours, the soil in the area has collapsed into the road and the road has been filled with soil and water. NHAI employees who were present at the scene immediately despite the heavy rainfall, cleaned the road.
However, no casualties were reported.
However, Sonia shows such behavior and it is the duty of parents to correct their children if they make mistakes and to explain to them what they have done wrong.
Suting also sent a clear invitation to all the candidates and supporters of various political parties to come to the new Titanic.
Kerala has decided to oppose the UCC, while other states like Mizoram and Nagaland have also expressed their opposition to the UCC. II, on Tuesday, decided to cancel two power projects - Kynshi Stage-I and Upper Khri Stage I & II after finding that they are no longer in line with the expenditure.
Dr N.Kharumnuid, Dental Officer, NEIGRIHMS gave a speech and awareness campaign on the importance of oral health. The program was attended by Dental Surgeons from different parts of East Khasi Hills District, school children, staff of Mawryngkneng Block and members of the Executive of Mawkasiang Village Council.
It is for this reason that the Government authorities have to issue these bans.
In the second part, Sangma brought satellite images from various places to show the collection of coal that has just been mined.
Messi made the remarks to the fans on Sunday at the DRV PNK Stadium in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
This shows their stupidity," they said.
On the other hand, this lockdown is very good.
In the second half, Unite Together FC played well and scored the first goal through Figo Syndai wearing the No-9 jersey in the 57th minute. Amlanai Young Boy scored the third goal in the 61st minute to make the match 1-1
Shillong, Naiwieng: The State Office of the Khadi & Village Industries Commission on Tuesday held an awareness camp on the PMEGP Scheme at the Training Centre, Umran Ribhoi District.
She said that on the 4th October 2022, MAWU has already met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to discuss the issue of ASHA workers. At the same time, the salary of ASHA workers has been increased from Rs.66 per day to Rs.300 per day. health, but as of now these promises have remained limited to discussion.
Daniel said – I heard, but I understood not: That is why Daniel asked, “My lord, what shall be the end of these things?” Daniel 12:8
However, the story of the Roberts Hospital is not about the treatment of the Maharani or the owners of the slasha farm or the birth of the famous writer.
He said the case has been handed over to the Cyber ​​Wings and Crime Branch for investigation to track down the people involved in the crime.
The trucks were heading to Lanka in Hojai district and were coming from Umrangso.
Without scientific excellence, we have no chance of transitioning to a developed country.
Karnsita was surprised to see the news of her father's wish and said, “It is true that I am still alone, but if I marry anyone, I will wants a man who is responsible and loves his family".
Schemes like Ayushman Bharat and the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) are required to have Aadhar.
The Shylla tribes have been in Jaintia Hills and the Shela area, while the Sutnga and Shulai tribes have been in the Nongskhen area since ancient times.
“The purpose of this meeting is to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of the railway so that the people will not support or oppose blindly on this issue,” he said. .
The game will be played at 3:15pm.
Police also recovered an unexploded petrol bomb.
When asked for clarification from the DC office, it was said that all those who are married even if they have already registered in any church are required to register according to this Act.
She said that the employees under the jurisdiction of the ADO are free because there are no officers and supervisors.
The second match was between Saiñdur Mihmyntdu and Khliehmuchut Shangpung. The match ended in a 2-2 draw.
She has received information that some people are selling these forms at the price of T.150 each so she doesn't know what to do. The people come to ask for information and if it says it is a fraud, the people will lose the scheme of T.1,50,000/-.
In the incident, the driver of the Maruti Car escaped without injuries, but sustained serious injuries, as the truck which collided with the Maruti Car, failed to stop. Before colliding with the Maruti Car, the driver of the truck failed to brake.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Vice Chairman of the JAC, Bah Pynskhem Mukhim said that although the government has already promised to cancel the proposal to build the Umngot HEP, that they receive always doubt them.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The women of the Congress Mahila Congress in the state have staged a protest at Congress Bhawan to protest against the remarks and statements of BJP leader Vinay Katiyar against the women's rights activists. Priyanka Gandhi, the leader of the Congress party in the country.
Today's match will be between PFR Academy and Lawmali Pyllun SC at 2:00 pm at the First Ground.
The sawangka has been established after decades of introduction of the sawangka tradition in the state.
He said that if the state has the authorities, they will develop a policy to prevent drugs from entering the households as drugs have destroyed many households and the state. hi all.
Heavy rainfall has caused flooding in some parts of Jowai city and damaged roads and village roads on Thursday.
“I am a woman and the loss of my husband is a heavy burden for me to carry and I doubt I will be able to carry it like he did,” said Bah Roning's wife, Kong Riplin Kmah.
According to sources, in the past few days, there have been many rallies and protests by student organizations and civil society organizations to demand that the government The meeting was held on Thursday after the arrest of two Myanmar nationals who came to Phayeng Kharang Khunou village illegally. Imphal West district.
“What will happen is that there will be no students in the state who will be able to enter classes for BA, B.Com, BSc and other Under Graduate courses,” he said. do not apply for the CUTE test as the deadline for application is 30th June,
The Dorbar Shnong has also warned the people who enter the crematorium not to do anything wrong.
“For such things which are the reason why I say to you, Father, don't trust Bah Let.
Langsning opened the scoring in the 22nd minute through Kynsaibor Lhuid.
“Once thought, the MDCs were elected as members of the Dorbar District Council and they said that they called during the elections to protect and spend their time to live and build and strengthen the rule of law.
Nongpoh: A strong earthquake has struck many parts of Ri Bhoi District this evening and due to the sudden earthquake, the traffic has been affected, because Through this earthquake, some trees have fallen and the incidents that have been witnessed, are the falling of trees between the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi.
All four of them sat down on the ground.
Regarding the health needs of the people of this area, Bah Kimfa said that at present there is only one PHC in Rambrai, Aradonga. and Nonglang.
So from the time of his resurrection until the day of the descent of the Holy Spirit was 50 days.
The AMPTA and APSTA have explained to the Deficit Non Govt Schools that they have received the money of T.9 crore through the hard work of their leaders, and by the 20th of July they will receive it. their money.
They were also reportedly seriously injured in the incident.
The expenditure for this project will be 50:50 between the State Government and the Central Government.
“My relationship with Andrea Giambruno, which has lasted for 40 years, ends here,” Meloni wrote on her Instagram page.
Khongjirem was released from prison by the Syiem of Khyrim, Paiem Balajied Singh Syiem, along with the former Syiem of Mylliem, Paiem Laborius.
The Garo people were angry after the inspection reached Maikhuli village, where they were very angry with the inspection and which almost reached the point of clashes.
Because of the corruption in the state, the state has become poor and income deprived with the passing of the days, where the corruption has started from the biggest to the smallest.
Besides other deeds, the people of Mawlai have remembered and expressed their deep sorrow for the loss of him.
The construction of this road has caused problems to the loggers inside the Industrial Estate.
( read more page 5).
“In Meghalaya it is difficult to find any factory, and we rely on other parts of India to survive. we use imported and others,” said Fr Thongni.
However, don't let them remain only the MAWDUR STATUE but let these characteristics of U TIROT SING take place in all of us brothers and sisters from the youngest to the oldest.
Although the sky is cold, we don't understand that our skin is dry and needs water.
We wish you all a healthy body and God bless you all in your work.
You and your fellow leaders have been a guide for me, and for those who have been with us to shed light on how to turn challenges into victories and challenges into opportunities,” he said.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong Kyndong Wahlang has informed the BDO of Sohiong Block and the BDO has given his approval to the new VEC. A new VEC will be appointed to manage all activities.
Coldwyn Christopher Pariat, a resident of Ladthadlaboh, Jowai, passed away on 19th November,
Police also arrested 18 persons including two BJP Mahila Morcha leaders and two Trinamool Congress leaders.
Beat the Eagle.
However, they have become increasingly driven by that worldly wealth and have forgotten to investigate the root cause of the evil which has seriously affected the peace and stability in the society in the state and the country.
In the second half, Khlieh Mawlieh YC scored two goals through R.Dkhar jersey no 11 in the 70th and 91st minutes.
“Now they say BJP rice, BJP gas, if we talk about light and water, it is the gift of our Prime Minister who is the leader of the BJP party,” said Hek.
He also talked to the youth about depression to protect themselves from despair in life.
The KSU President Laitphar Syngkrem and Reachingson Kongwang, Secretary FKJGP have met with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia. Hills to extend the containment areas declared in 6 villages and entry points from Dawki Amlarem Jowai road-Shnongpdeng, Dawki Boating Point and Dawki PHC to Tamabil.
The BJP has stressed on the change of the name of the museum and told the Congress party to stop political activities on this issue.
The AGP will hold a rally on the 18th July and then the MLAs of the party will hold a 40-hour hunger strike on the 24th July
Through this initiative, the number of transmitters of All India Radio has increased from 524 to 615 across the country.
He defeated Hrisami Passah on 21/17-21/13 in the final of the Men's Single.
The complainants said that these television stations are investigating against Bollywood groups, alleging that they are involved in various illegal activities and alleging that these two channels. , they defame Bollywood groups as drug traffickers, murderers and others who disgrace the people of India.
In East Khasi Hills District, there are 5 new cases, all in Ri Bhoi District, 3 cases in North Garo Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills. There are two cases in East Jaintia Hills, one case in West Lhasi Hills, 12 cases in East Garo Hills and three cases in West Jaintia Hills.
Nongpoh: The Joint Action Committee of four political parties in Nongpoh, including the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF, has decided to hold a rally and burn candles in Nongpoh. on the rape of a young woman from Iewmawlong.
The point I want to make here is about the glory of God through our lives.
The jeeps off the road were auctioned off.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, MCCLWU Joint Secretary Arnol Thabah said, “The decision to suspend the strike was taken after we had talked to the management and it asked us for a day”.
“A few days later, in Doda, the implementation of these rebels took place.
Every community has a goal.
It is not wrong to preach and invite mankind to repentance.
“117 posts have been allocated to strengthen the Directorate of Infiltration and we will allocate more,” he said.
Sadly, after these families came to ask him to complete the houses, he allegedly threatened and verbally abused them.
The Lord Jesus Christ Himself spoke during His public life on earth when He said: “You Samaritans worship what you do not know, we Jews know; for SALVATION IS FROM THE JEWS” (John 4:22).
He said that when they went to Shillong to discuss the formation of the government, the HSPDP relied on the MLA and the leaders of the HSPDP Central Body to take the best decision for the party. the people of the constituency.
The children are not afraid of you, the villagers.
On this occasion, the office bearers of the committee were also confirmed by the consent of the Dorbar of the Shiphew Kur and it was also decided to rely on the committee for the welfare and implementation of the committee. you are the owner of the Rikhaiñ.
Jowai: The biggest 'Ka Iadaw Masi Rong' in Jaintia Hills, which was held once every five years by the Mynsngat Dorbar Shnong on Friday at the Mynsngat Sports Ground, was very successful.
Not only that, we know that synsar is used in household cleaning and if so, why doesn't the State Government build its own synsar factory? not to be exported to other States; but not to build it until it is completed and not to sell it to the people who need it in the State or abroad.
The MP&FPO distributed 70 kgs of rice seeds to 20 farmers in the area.
The taxi driver said that when foreign vehicles come from Assam and other states, their journey does not end only in the city but also enters the rules and regulations of the state and other states. “What is the agreement between them and the government, we pay taxes when we pass, do those who enter the state road pay taxes to the government?” he asked.
However, he almost scored in the 35th minute but the speed of Nongthymmai goalkeeper Senapati thwarted the goal.
Babu Kular Khongjirem Until now, the government has not said exactly when schools will reopen as usual.
The Paiem said that no one is allowed to stay in the market and to set up shops and the Hima authorities will take strong action against those who violate this.
On this occasion, the Executive Director of NHIDCL has acknowledged the deterioration of the roads and has given assurance that from 20th June 2013, the roads will be constructed. work and will be completed as early as October 2023.
He said that this footbridge is very important for the safety of the people in coming and going on the road. It has been discussed not only in Nongpoh, but one should be at Lad Alpha School. one in Umling and one in Patarim.
Concerning the Russian Empire, the Word of God clearly states that in those days Russia and its allies will come (to fight) against the countries that have been restored from the sword (Israel). many nations shall be gathered together, even the mountains of Israel.
Karimganj: Shri Sapan Mandal
On the other hand, the Secretary of the committee, Malsamliana, left for the Election Commission office to meet with the senior officials.
Some have suggested that this inscription may refer to the country to rule alone by the beast 666 and others have suggested that the number 2734 may be the year of the beginning of the reign of
Any individual and group from the state between the ages of 18-58 years can apply through the CM-Elevate Portal, and the closing date is 31st March
Shillong: Speaking at a meeting of the HSPDP to discuss the Sixth Schedule, Prof LS Gassah said that the Sixth Schedule remains the same, but those who spoil it are those who implement it.
"Prov 2:6 Seek God.
The NOC was signed and sealed by the Syiem of Rambrai Hima.
In previous years, some Ministers and officials from the state have visited Israel to learn more about drip irrigation.
The campaign started on 15th November and will end on 2nd March.
On the other hand, he said that he has directed the state police to meet with these religious leaders to get more information so that they can lodge a complaint with the Bihar Police against these robbers. Pastor Laloo and TB Nongkhlaw.
In 2021, NEHU has achieved the 59th position.
For the posts at Sl No 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 the application fees is Rs 100/- for general applicants and Rs 50/- for Scheduled Caste/ Scheduled Tribe.
The price of agricultural products has increased (increased price), almost all the price of agricultural products has increased (increased price) while the price of agricultural products that farmers need has increased. to heaven (too high).
The Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee has already sent a letter to Bah Vincent H Pala and a copy to Dr DD Lapang on 21st October
Their wealth has brought to the destruction of the children of the Hajar of the Hima, Raid, Elaka and the Jaitbynriew as a whole.
The Union of Village Authorities of Ri Bhoi Mihngi, after a foreigner who is an agent of a Safeshop company in Bhoirymbong, has tested positive for COVID-19, has urged all those who have contact with him to quarantine themselves. and immediately notify the Department of Health.
The Central Integrated Pest Management Center (CIPMC), under the Directorate of Plant Protection, Quarantine and Storage, has conducted a two-day training for farmers in Jaintia Hills to protect themselves from pests and rice. field in Jowai.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 5 cases of Psiar.
The body was first found by some residents who informed the village leaders and the village leaders informed the police and the police rushed to the scene to take the body. .
In Pomsanngut, there are 8 cases, while in Rngi Neng Lawjynriew, there are 5 cases.
It is a case, unprecedented in the world, in which a baby is born, with three genital organs.
This map will also help to understand the specific employment opportunities of those areas that are facing the most challenges.
Trump's eldest son, Eric Trump, and his lawyer, Rudy Giulliani, have traveled to Philadelphia to appeal to the court over the voting process in the country.
In the past few days, a comment has appeared on social media about my personal life.
He said that the government hopes to produce sportsmen and sportsmen as the state sports department has now started going to every village to collect talented children to send them to higher sports centers in the state. He is also confident that from this sport, skilled sailors will emerge in the state even to reach the world championships.
Jowai, November 23 : The District Sports Officer of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, K Passah has announced the registration of the Winter Coaching Camp for Athletics for boys and girls aged 13 to 16 will start from the first month of July
The government cannot afford to take it lightly.
The TMC of Garo Hills on Tuesday expressed its concern over the suspension of the import of cows into the state after a law was passed recently in Assam.
He also spoke on many issues of the people and that HANM has gone through a journey to protect its people and as the party it still needs many people's soldiers to protect it. separate your own people.
Nehru Suting contested the UDP elections in 2018 and was defeated by Prestone Tynsong from the NPP in vote for him.
The HNLC has sent a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs through AK Mishra, Adviser to the HNLC. MHA does not look after the North East.
On the other hand , the Minister of Road Construction , said that this road will make it easier for the people who come to work to government offices where they don't have to enter Mawlai NEHU and reach other parts of Shillong.
During this period, the BCA was signed between the India Taipei Association (ITA) and the Taipei Economic Cultural Center in India (TECCI), which leads the BIS and BSMI. South Asian Regional Standards Organization (SARSO) Technical Management Board for a three-term period from April 2020 to April 2023 and the Board of Conformity Assessment (BCA).
In East Khasi Hills District, there are 9 cases, including 5 civilians, 2 Armed Forces and 2 BSF personnel. In Ribhoi District, 1 case and in West Garo Hills 5 cases.
After the union of dewbilat factory operators refused to implement the new price, the JAC has decided to suspend the transportation of goods indefinitely until the factories implement the new price set by the government.
“We took him to NEIGRHIMS at 1 pm from the village. After many tests, X-Rays and scanning, they said that he could not be treated anymore because the snier inside him was damaged due to the injury. “We took him to the village and the next day he died,” said Bran Shadap, who was accompanied by B.Mukhim, the mother of Tyngshaiñ from Sabuda.
These trucks were hit by trees in the middle of the night.
Nongstoiñ, July 7: The increase in the price of electricity from time to time has put the people in trouble, as they do not get to use it fully as it should be.
Shillong, Naitung 26: U Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has been criticized by the Congress leaders for not issuing a No Objection Certificate (NOC). ) for the construction of the road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah-Wahkaji.
In a statement sent by Bah EB Lyngdoh, Secretary Information Cell, RUPA urged the people before casting their votes to ask carefully and establish the basis for whom they will elect. that it may be for the benefit of the country and the nation.
Shillong, Nailur 08 : Nangkiew Irat SC have won the Shillong Premier League (SPL) 2021-22 by beating OC Blue FC 3-2 on Saturday. The match was played on Friday at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
The house was built and maintained by the Jaintia Hills Development Society with the support of Agathe Glucker from Germany.
Furthermore, MCCL which is an old PSU and one of the first dewbilat factories in the state has become a source of employment for hundreds of people especially the people of Sohra. man by his presence, has been a great blessing to the people.
Let us look at those powers that have been created.
The State should ensure that the care and inspection according to the Board, whether those consumed by humans or used in the State, should be taken into account, as directed in June this year. 2022,have to follow the same.
Finally they went to the office of Syiem Raij and the work was done.
Janine Small, said that the drugs they manufacture, have not been tested before being released to patients, whether they are able to prevent the spread of covid 19 and this is the Small was not questioned by Robert Rob Ross, Member of the European Parliament (MEP).
Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee has given them a Hill State, but it was found that the indigenous people got only 21 MLAs out of the 81 MLAs of Jharkhand.
They belonged to individuals or to villages or to the raid.
On the same night, Nivia Police Station, led by Nikhil Nath, went to the same place, where there was a feast of food and drink with the police, who After that, Nath sent police to bomb the people and started to destroy the shops in the area. Nath ordered the police to open fire and Munnu Chauhan was injured in the shooting.
Then Kong Maya, the mother of Rida, turned to Niakha, “How can I say, Niakha, I am sorry for what you have done for me...” said the mother of Rida. “To ih Nia for Rida I'll go all this first year...” She said “Niakha if you've been khia than you pat.
She also won the titles of Miss Personality and Miss Catwalk.
He said that the villagers have already come to the PWD office regarding the contractor's actions, but the road workers have started burying the mawria with mawshape just to show evidence that they have done as they can. as a shipment order.
The epicenter of the 3.3 magnitude earthquake was 10 km.
Shillong, June 07: HSPDP Leader Fenela L Nonglait today campaigned for the UDP candidate Bah Paul Lyngdoh in Motphran.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Hundreds of students who wish to continue their Bachelor of Education (B.Ed) studies at PGT College, Shillong have faced difficulties after having to stand in line since the beginning of the year. It was also learned that some students have had to stay overnight just to get the form.
The Seven States of the North East have joined Swachhata Pakhwada with a strong spirit and have worked hard for Swachh Bharat.
JOWAI: The Governor of Meghalaya has convened a meeting of the Chairman of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) after 22 ruling MDCs in the council sent a letter of no confidence in the Chairman. now you are Lakhan.
In his speech, he also commended the contractor for his ability to complete on time in which he completed ahead of schedule.
Other speeches were also delivered and various signs were posted against the police for their intention to hold a procession.
“During this inspection, the NFDB officials have agreed to allocate funds for the improvement of the Council's markets,” said Bah Sumer.
Mairang, Naitung 31: There are now two matches left in Group D of the Second Division of the Pyndengumiong District Sports Association. to 7-1 col.
After investigation, the police have found that the petrol truck (NL-01-AH-2246) has fallen into the side of the road at Umtyra village on the NH-0
He said that during the tenure of CMD, A. Nikhla had taken care of the salaries of the employees and then looked after the remaining debt, but according to the new CMD Arun Kumar Kembhavi, he had taken care of the salaries of the employees. Take action to pay the debt and reduce the salaries of the employees of this department, in which it has put pressure on the employees from not receiving their salaries.
More than 6900 programs were conducted with the participation of more than 10 lakh participants.
The band will also release a song titled Truely Happy and will shoot one of their songs at Cherri Blossom and the surrounding areas of Shillong.
To find out about the non-functioning of the site, the Congress MLAs, have sought information not only from the officers of the Fisheries Department, but also from the village leaders of Saiden, in order to find out the reason for the non-functioning of the site. The Fish Market has not been implemented properly.
Inri's goal was scored by Idor Khongthaw in the second half after the first half ended without a goal.
Police have also seized explosives from these persons.
The festival was also enriched by traditional songs and dances by the women and youth of Umden Nongtluh.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of District Council Affairs (DCA) Prestone Tynsong said the Government has received a request from the two district councils and also from the delimitation committee to extend the term of office due to the failure to delimit the constituencies.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, JACSO General Secretary Robertjune Kharjah-rin said the meeting did not reach any conclusion and no decision could be taken.
Shillong, Lber 14: U Minister of Tourism and Arts & Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that Meghalaya has been known as the land of clouds but this has not ended. but it is also a place where there are no riew donsap.
The Minister denied that the government is facing problems because the people in the government who own coal mines are against the proposal to amend the rules on the mining of coal in the state.
James PatLahkmen Rymbui You have broken the plate of our children,,one day the time will come for you too.
This is not the first time that Ladthadlaboh has been robbed and many others who have not been reported have been robbed of their vehicles and vehicle tapes and batteries.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that first of all, he had the ability to become a physical therapist, in which he helped to treat the sick, the injured, the wounded and so on; but after she had begun to give birth to children, she stopped caring for the sick and worked for a while only to give birth.
After her w/o, Aryna will face former French Open champion Barbora Krejcikova; She defeated Chinese wrestler Wang Xinyu 6-2, 6-7 (1/7), 6-2
The opening matches were Rangmaw Sports Club vs Jakrem Sports Club and Mawkyrwat Sports Club vs Sakwang Sports Club. .
For more information contact the club management.
The year 2023 is halfway through the 2030 target.
In another development, the house of S Syiem in New Kench's Trace has been sealed from today.
I humbly and from the bottom of my heart, if you really want the future of your children, please please please support the AAP. They arrived at the gate of the largest hospital in Gaza after an attempt to seize power in the Gaza Strip.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday sent a petition to the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya through the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District. The PWD Sub-Divisional Office in Amlarem has been established as an EE office.
“Those allegations against the MDA government are their own opinion but this will not affect the NPP. For example, in the last mid-term elections, it was said that the NPP has nothing but the NPP. “It is a proof that the people are wise now,” said Bah Sniawbha.
You can give an example.
Nongstoiñ: The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS, has informed the public that the Model Code of Conduct for the Assembly Elections of the State has been implemented from the 18th of this month. Section 144 CrPc in all districts, which prohibits the carrying of more than 50,000 rupees without proper documents, the carrying of weapons such as firearms and the use of loud speakers in public meetings or any election activities, without the permission of the relevant authorities in order to ensure a clean and fair election.
It is learned that as soon as the order was issued, the UDP committee headed by Bah Bindo M Lanong has gathered all the Rangbah Shnongs to discuss the issue and in the committee they have included The KHADC has also mentioned several issues to be included in the Village Administration Bill.
Therefore, the assumption made in this report is unfounded as it does not look at these facts of population.
If you don't know how to wear earrings and all your faces, you are still called stone age.
Here houses, buildings were built without leaving any space between one building and another.
He said that the silence of the MLA has made the party think that he is still asleep, so it has ordered its members to tied tin to wake him up.
The flags contain the Arabic words IS NE and probably refer to the Islamic State North East.
During the investigation, they revealed that they had smuggled into India with the intention of staying in India.
The Government of India, in an order today, has directed all States to allow newspapers and electronic media to continue their work.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The State Government has set up various committees to find ways and means to prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the State.
Later, the Speaker, Abu Taher Mondal, said that he could not accept the resolution tabled by Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on the same issue.
The NSCN also criticized the Indian government for its refusal to turn away from the talks.
“At the end of October 2021, 215 UCs worth Rs 1765.86 crore were pending and could not be submitted to the Accountant General (Account and Entitlement), Meghalaya. Secretariat Economic Services Rs 609.981 crore, Rural Employment Rs 502.21 crore, Rural Development Rs 423.11 crore and Welfare of SC, ST and others. 115.30 crore for Backward Classes.
Speaking to reporters, Rakkam said that with the blessing of God, the NPP will win, because in Garo Hills, all the TMC supporters support the Congress by being misled. to the people.
This incident is known in history as the MASSACARE of
He added that in both the complaints lodged by both sides, police are investigating to verify the facts and what happened.
If you would like to receive news in your email, please write to rupangnews@gmail.com.
The Lapangap Dorbar Shnong has decided to repair the road from Lapangap to Khanduli from Lapangap to Wah Ïong-O as this part of the road is very bad and they find it difficult to travel.
They put the khiew inside the tent and watered it every day.
It is for this reason that it has launched many schemes such as the Smart Card or MHIS. Now Ayushman Bharat, which belongs to the Central Government, has been merged with MHIS in Meghalaya.
However, as a true leader who has the spirit to lead, he should not listen to these criticisms and should not turn them away.
The policy will focus on providing better skills for everyone such as thinking and problem solving.
It is true that we should praise the knowledge that God has placed in the minds of everyone so that they can produce the power of understanding, learning and even anything related to science and technology.
They also demanded to repeal the laws against farmers and to stop handing over to the private sector such as the railway department, ports and to stop the forced retirement of government employees and farmers. employees of state-run companies.
New Delhi: Kangana Ranaut has become the most secure actress in the government and has been awarded the Y-Plus rank.
“On our part, although we are the lowest paid in the Bri u Hynniewtrep, we believe that this decision of the village is just a misunderstanding.
Another decision of the UDP was to reject the Indian government's claim that coal belongs to the central government because in this state, the land belongs to the private sector and the underground resources.
This is a shameful act that has brought shame and disgrace to the state.
“Other villages that want to be in Meghalaya are not on the list of the 2011 report.
One of the lessons we learn from this incident is that we need to be self-reliant in all aspects.
The Election Officers visited the homes of these elderly and disabled people.
Bah Tynsong acknowledged that the State Government is still monitoring with the Central Government regarding the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
Ňiuma, the special day of workers which we celebrate on the 10th of June every year began in 1889 at the Conference of the Unions of Workers held in Paris in this year.
Pyngrope also confirmed that he will soon join the NPP. “The state government led by Conrad K Sangma has taken the initiative to resolve the issue. The border has made me want to join the NPP party”.
Earlier, Pynshngaiñ Syiem scored the first goal for West Khasi Hills in the 5th minute.
We have read the story of Dr. John Sailo's journey to Meghalaya.
Conrad's statement came after a meeting of the High Power Committee (HPC) today chaired by the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Dr Donkupar Roy.
Regarding his not getting a ticket from the party, he said that in his personal opinion they don't want a winning combination and he has to stand on his own feet as an independent candidate.
In the final of the Girls Double U-19, Carylynda Nongbri and Geryma L Nongkhlaw won the title after defeating Sanibha Suting and Wansuk Shylla.
However, if we only increase the seat without showing the great works, we feel that it has no meaning and it is just a waste of public money.
The storm has also destroyed many trees in the Pyndenglawar area near Donbosco Technical School Nongstoiñ and in some parts of the Nongstoin-Shillong road. the coming of the cars in the morning.
The seed of human beings comes from the Rangbah Longkpa about 350,00,00,0001 generations ago in the “Riti.
The Skill Development Officer, MSSDS, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah T.Pohtmi, urged all those who attended the training to attend and take part as this will benefit them in the future. They can sell fertilizer and also can use it in agriculture because this organic fertilizer is a type of fertilizer that does not damage the soil and is also good to use, at the same time He encouraged the farmers of the village to take advantage of this opportunity to help increase their income.
At the same time, he said that the unity of the ethnic parties is essential if the people want it but the unity is not only before the elections but after the elections.
Shillong, November 1: Ka Mawmaram has received back the NOC or permit issued by the suspended Sordar of Shillong, Bah Handing Kurbah to the owner of the land, Bah Hamlet Kharjana. Your Letter Head is not written.
It is unfortunate that very few people in India know about this region,” said Governor Phagu Chauhan while addressing the group.
She said that as she has been appointed as the leader on this occasion, she will continue to remind the ears of the State Government.
“As a Christian, I have never believed that Meghalaya is a Christian state, because faith and religion is a personal matter and has nothing to do with any nation or country,” he said.
Rida just listened and started cutting jhur to cook after eating.
You don't have many calories.
According to the report of the investigation by M Shira Kshir, MCS, EAC, it is alleged that many of the statements were taken from the BDO of Shella-Bho C&RD Block while the statements were taken from the Junior Engineers. the bun is not cleansed.
The HNLC has alleged that the prime minister and the governor have called on the party to leave the country, but this is just a fraud with the party.
Bah Pran said that in the past , when the world was still righteous , the life of the people was peaceful , but as the times and days passed , people started farming , the country became more prosperous They have grown in prosperity, they have suffered, they have lost their minds, they have faced many problems in which their livestock have died, their trade has declined. bad how so on.
“These ministers of ours, these politicians of ours, are now thinking only of their own interests,” he said.
Therefore, the FKJGP has followed up on this issue by submitting a letter to remind the government on this issue.
He said that it is a shame for the state government to suspend the scheme without explaining to the public.
Group-D includes Mawkriah SC, Them Rangshken ACC, Mawpat SC, Rangdajeid United FC and Mylliem SC.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Uttar Purba Bangla Sahitya Sabha today held its annual meeting to discuss related issues. and the Bengali language as well as the recognition they receive as an ethnic group within the region.
In a complaint against Daw, Richard Syiemiong demanded that the law enforcement authorities should punish him according to the strict rules of law for insulting Archbishop Dominic Jala.
Besides the NHAI, the High Court has directed the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills to submit a report on the condition of the NH-6 within four months.
The Society has submitted the damage to the Secretary of the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change of the Union Government to take action against the damage. Jaintia Hills alone has 10 dewbilat factories in fact only 3 dewbilat factories can supply dewbilat to all. to the Eastern State.
“Yes, I don't know anything about the meeting,” said Lambor.
The villagers live by raising Khasi cows, goats, goats and cows.
She said that although iron is important for health, too much can lead to diabetes, hemochromatosis, asthma, constipation. , and chronic illness that leads to early death.
All the speakers on this occasion expressed their gratitude to the JSU for celebrating its 50th anniversary in year after year for the service of the country and the nation as a whole.
Speaking on the occasion, the Waheh Shnong expressed his gratitude to the Director of the Society Phadar Manbha Pakem and his team who have been willing to donate immediately for these families of his village. was destroyed by heavy rain and cold on 23rd June
On the same day, the union also met with the OC PS Dawki and the OC promised to take action against such incidents from time to time.
After the inspection, KSU Jowai Circle met with the Principal of Govt Girls Higher Secondary School who said that the school authorities have already sent letters to the relevant authorities. They didn't come to visit last year.
Shillong, July 19 : The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in collaboration with the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, has announced the launch of the The Elite Pathway Training 2nd Camp was held on the 17th and 18th of this month at JN Stadium, Polo Shillong.
When asked, Prestone said the rules of the Regional Committee talks are the same as those of the first round of talks.
If this is true, the days of Noah and his Ark will happen again to these wicked people who have committed bloody sins in this world so much.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The election of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today was disrupted when the people threw away the EVM at Umladang Polling Station under the 3rd Constituency. Nartiang constituency in West Jaintia Hills district.
Those who do not walk according to the reading age are like those who do not eat or drink; By Collin Wanñiang.
He said that the condition of the road to Chokpot is very poor but the NPP-led Government has confirmed that the construction of this road is important from the 9th mile of the Tura-Dalu road to Chokpot.
The Minister of Home Affairs, in a statement in the past few days, said that the HNLC is still recruiting members and continuing to engage in military activities and the HNLC has clarified that it has not yet signed the agreement. Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary, HNLC, said in a statement that the desire for peace is not a matter of words. Soo Kilo, according to the HNLC, on the part of the SP of EJH, Depook Kr Pelecha, admitted that there was indeed an explosion at a pork shop and it was very serious.
The Eastern West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (EWKHSA) is preparing to hold the 3rd District Open Cum Inter School Badminton Tournament 2023 from 5th to 7th November at the Indoor Stadium in Mairang.
According to the source, the deceased was identified as King Jyrwa of Mawlieh West Khasi Hills. The son of the man, Kynajai Marngar, was also seriously injured.
More than 500 supporters from various parties including PDF, UDP, Congress and TMC joined the NPP Sohra on 10th June at a meeting held at Maraikaphon.
According to the RTI received by the union, it was found that up to T.12 crore has been allocated for this shlem through the scheme allocated by the 15th Finance Commission of the Government of India.
The Conclave was attended by all 100 smart cities which are leading the way in the transformation of urban development by becoming leaders in urban innovation.
The match between the two teams was very fierce from the first half until the second half. The teams didn't manage to score and this match really impressed the football fans who came. to witness the semi final.
Therefore, the poor and the rich are more concerned only with getting food and drink to eat morning and evening, they don't care too much about the clothes of the household, just to make their own decisions, and the household. only to be protected from the rain and the wind, and from the disease.
With the passing of the days, the holes in the middle of the road have increased and this is due to the lack of attention of the government on the deterioration of this road which has caused problems to the passengers. The NH-6 is the main road connecting many states of the North East.
He said there are 5158 neighborhood schools out of which 12782 schools, out of which 9417 are primary schools and 3365 are upper primary schools.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MYC) in the state has raised flags and placards condemning the suspension of 25 Six MPs of the Lok Sabha from the party have been elected to the Speaker of the National Assembly.
Shillong, March 30: The Catholic Church in the North East of India together with the children of St. Don Bosco on Sunday concluded the celebration of the 100th anniversary of the arrival of the 11 religious including Fathers and Brothers from the Salesian Society of Don Bosco (SDB) arrived in the area on 13th July
Nidamon Chullet president JHTOA said, “These dewbilat factories have ignored what has been agreed and do not respect even the government. They have not implemented the new transportation fee as well as the construction of cement plants in the State.
“And in the days of those kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom which shall never be destroyed, nor shall the sovereignty thereof be left to another people; It will crush and put an end to all these kingdoms, and it itself will stand to times indefinite.Daniel 2:4
SHILLONG: The KSU and FKJGP have strongly opposed the appointment of two former leaders of the Non-Tribal Youths Union (NTYU) as vice chairmen in state government departments. people who are against the nation.
She said that he has written thoughts on the Khasi religion, and the most famous are the stories of Tiew Larun, Manik Raitong and others.
Laitkroh MDC Carmel Sohtun has risen to the floor in the KHADC House today to strongly oppose the proposal to dissolve the Laitkroh constituency by the Executive Committee.
However, the BSF has strongly suspected that there may be something behind the encouragement of the Bangladeshis to stand even as far as the Indian border. The army has arranged to distribute the proceeds from the theft of stone by the Bangladeshis.
Hek said that after the inspection, the Seng will hold a meeting to discuss how to act and one of these is to appeal to the Central Government. money coming from the federal government.
He also reminded that the construction of the Girls' Hostel at a cost of T.2.50/- crore is part of the project of the Social Welfare Department (FY 2016-'17) of Meghalaya. implemented at the office of the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA) and started in June,
The rockets were fired from the Parwan-e-Se area, one of the districts of Kabul.
The MLA of the area urged the people to cooperate with the health department and urged the residents not to be afraid to spread the disease, but to cooperate with the government authorities to overcome the disease.
The final match of the Under-18 Inter School League 2022/23 was played today between All Saints Higher Secondary School and Laban Bengali Higher Secondary School. .
Some of these artifacts of these heroes show the culture, history of our country and our people.
In the match in Mairang, despite the heavy rain before the start of the match, it did not prevent the crowd from flocking to the stadium which used to attract football fans.
According to the report, the man died after drinking 12 kinds of alcoholic beverages. The Royal Dacameron Club Caribbean is located in Saint Ann's.
• The word of faith is sharing and fighting against persecution.
Bah Khan, who joined the UDP from the Lapalang unit, was not accompanied by his men but only by a few followers.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Minister of Human Resources Development (HRD) Smirti Zubin Irani today honored the graduates of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU). .
Shibun Lyngdoh said the BJP wants to empower the Dorbar Shnongs with a strong law so that there will be a strong law in the village administration. “If we win, we promise to implement the VAB,” said Shibun Lyngdoh.
“Ma Nujorki said that the literacy rate in Laskein Block has increased from 50 percent to 60 percent.
The word GEOGRAPHY refers to the description of the earth's surface, mountains, rivers, lakes, seas, oceans, which is closely related to the word nature.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has strongly condemned the incident and demanded that the police should take action to investigate and arrest the perpetrators.
The Minister also spoke about his intention that all farmers and workers should be included in the pension scheme and that the youth should participate in the Mudra Yojna to achieve their goals.
You need to have ambition so that you can reach your goal".
“However, I have spoken clearly in front of him, once ordered and if a thorough survey is conducted first, it will be possible to build a railway line in any part of the state. “This money will be used to build the railway line to the desired places for the benefit of the people and that the people are happy to have the railway line,” he said. He said that the postponement of the Byrnihat-Shillong railway project in terms of expenditure will be allocated to other parts of the state.
How : Part of the rain and snow falls to the ground, and then it is covered with living tree trunks and shrubs.
It is worth mentioning that if the neighbors or the public were quick to see the fire, there would be no serious damage to the market.
Besides these speakers, many experts also participated and expressed their findings on the IOA, the 6th Scheduled in relation to the Khasi people.
The exhibition was organized by the office of the General Manager of the District Commerce and Industrial Center in collaboration with the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries.
However, once again, it is up to the University, the government, the college principals, the teachers, the parents and the students to decide on all these issues. In the years to come, please don't say that we don't understand.
Kennedy said that the Congress leaders and members from Mawphlang have decided to stay with the Congress party by saying that if Lamphrang leaves, he will leave alone. , " If a brother goes to a man's house, we brothers don't go with him to stay with his wife but we stay with the mother.
The hard work of IIM Shillong has elevated it to one of the best institutions in the country.
If we think that the Bible has nothing to do with life on earth, we are mistaken.
The authorities have suspended and closed the school as soon as they received news of the incident due to the lack of concern over the possession of a firearm by the child and the lack of knowledge of the reason behind it.
Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah and MLA from the NPP party, has expressed the hope that the NPP party will win 18 seats in the GHADC election. “We hope that the NPP will win 18 seats in the MDC election in GHADC,” said Prestone. MDCs from the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
Compared to our country, our neighboring countries like Afghanistan, Sri Lanka, Nepal and Bhutan are safer for journalists.
Has the Government been prepared in advance how to deal with the tragic incident of death from Coronavirus?
Shillong, Naitung :Members of the RWDO in collaboration with the Border Security Force (BSF) have arrested a group of Bangladeshis involved in the theft of timber from the area. Nongjri Tishang village on the border with Bangladesh on Saturday.
Replying to these allegations, Marak said that the work in Syndai Park was carried out by the employees of the Forest and Environment Department including the DFO, Range Officer, Forester and others.
These hardworking workers are Nibathrang Maskut (Asha), Genebib Bhoi (Asha), Kyrmen Maskut (Asha), Alwot Maskut (Aganwadi), Wanpyntngen Dkhar (Anganwadi) and Mus Lamare (Anganwadi).
Meghalaya, which is a state that relies heavily on imported jhur, the price increase is inevitable and has to be shared with other parts of India.
The epicenter of the earthquake was reportedly in Kanaighat, Bangladesh, on the Indian border.
However, the Congress members continued to throw papers and threw stones at the Speaker's seat and threw a banner at the Speaker's seat after the meeting. and he shall not be able to stand in his place.
“On the other hand, Nongpoh MLA Bah Mayral Born Syiem, who was also the chief guest at the celebration at the District Library, said, “The fight against child abuse and drug abuse it is the struggle that we are fighting for the sake of society.
Nongstoiñ, June 18: The Nongstoiñ Butcher & Social Welfare Association (ZSSWA) has informed all the consumers of beef, that due to the increase in the price of beef from the beef market, the association has decided to increase the price of beef. doh play chess.
The Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Yooshida Nongspung, said that the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has forcibly erected a signboard within the boundary of Khanduli village to collect taxes from the vehicles carrying agricultural products of the residents of Khanduli village.
In addition, several of the country's top boxing stars, including Govind Sahanin (RSPB) who reached the quarter final of the World Boxing Championships 2021 in Belgrade, Shiva Thapa (Assam) who has won seven Asian Championships, Rohit Tokas (RSPB) who won a bronze medal at the Commonwealth Games 2022 in England, among others.
On this occasion, the Association has met with the State Zonal Officer of NIOS to inquire about the 4th Semester Examination of the 2nd Batch D.El.
In these nooks, youths from neighboring villages will work on activities to solve the problems faced by people in their villages.
Congress leader Janardhan Dwivedi said the CWC wanted to announce Rahul's name as the MRD candidate but party president Sonia Gandhi did not allow it. the party's practice of announcing MRD candidates before the elections.
At the same time, we should keep in mind that the Job Reservation Policy 1972 has been implemented in the selection of young people from this state to study in the fields of doctors, teachers, and others.
He appealed to the stakeholders or land owners by saying, “Don't be selfish alone and should cooperate in this, because if this road is completed it will be benefiting them and the citizens as a whole".
“The VPP is here in Mawkyrwat to ensure the victory for the MDC and MP elections. The people have elected the MLA from Mawkyrwat constituency from the UDP, the MLA from Mawkynrew constituency from the UDP. PDF, Mawthadraishan and HSPDP but do the people allow them to join the NPP”.
“The Meghalaya Games have been revived in 2019 after 16 years of absence.
After the meeting held on the 19th of July, the four parties were asked whether there are any other non-Congress parties to join hands. “Notice has been sent but not in the right manner,” said Ardent M Basaiawmoit, Vice President of the HSPDP. .However today, besides these four parties, the BJP party also came to hold a meeting and at the meeting they said that they cannot take part in the committee because they did not attend the meeting. first because they were not informed in time.
He said that until now it is not known where and to what extent the demand for ILP in the state has progressed.
There are 19 teams who have participated in the 2nd Inter Office T20 Cricket Tournament 2023. The tournament was inaugurated by Bah T.Lyngwa. , IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District as the chief guest in the presence of Bah BJ Kharshandi, former Sub Divisional Officer (SDO) Ranikor Civil Sub Division, other government officials, spectators and supporters. of the two groups.
The union held a meeting today at its office in Chiehruphi and unanimously decided to ban immediately all the transporters carrying dewbilat and clincker over the border.
At the same time, he said that the Sengbhalang demands that the government should repeal the Ordinance.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, has expressed his strong opposition to the existence of some banks which do not celebrate the Memorial Day. Rev Thomas Jones, the father of the Khasi writer.
“This silence in the District Councils has caused a serious shortage because how can we fight against the Secretariat in relation to the same party,” said Bah Dkhar.
One of the top priority tasks that the government should accomplish is that the settlement of the border between Meghalaya and Assam should happen without any delay before the end of the year. der (term) of (your government).
The race started at 7 pm and started from Malki Point to Barik Khun to Swimming Pool and ended at Malki Point.
According to information received by this reporter, the villages affected by the cyclone include Mawkynbat, Mawsnairieh, Mawsngapwir, Mawkynrum and other neighboring villages in the Umyiap area.
“On the part of SSCL, they will have to hold an annual meeting to discuss this issue and after they have accepted this, the government will be able to file the Financial Statement,” he said.
For if that first covenant had been faultless, then no place would have been sought for a second" Hebrews 8:6-7
Nongpoh: The KSU Umsning Circle, today arrested 90 foreigners who had illegally entered the state without proper documents. and those who intend to work in some of the Dewbilat Factories in East Jaintia Hills.
Jowai, Naitung 03: North Liberty Higher Secondary School Jowai has qualified for the State Level Inter School Football Tournament-2023 to be held soon in Shillong. HK Singh Memorial Secondary School will host the Under-14 boys category.
The full Hills State struggle began in 1970, and those volunteers who fought earlier in 1970 ended up in the Sub-State, because those who did not fight for the Hills State accepted the struggle. Sub-State in April
They found that the government land had been dug up with the intention of filling the land and building other buildings by a private group.
He said that on this issue, which needs to be based on the existing Act of 1971, the North Eastern Regions (Reorganisation) Act, 1971 and that the states, which have Geli Eti, President of the Arunachal Pradesh Youth Congress, Mahananda Nungleppam, President of the Manipur Pradesh Youth Congress, Richard Mrong Marak, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress, Dr. Lalmalsawma Nghaka, President, Mizoram Pradesh Youth Congress, U Limayangba Longkumer, President, Nagaland Pradesh Youth Congress, U Pujan Biswas, President, Tripura Youth Congress.
They heard how the group is guiding startups and industries such as tourism, industries related to traditional foods of the North East, traditional crafts and textiles.
Speaking on the income, he said it depends on the contract they receive but the total income per month is about T.70,0
These awards include the Tirot Sing Award for Arts & Literature, the Pa Togan N Sangma Award for Public Service or Social Service, the Kiang Nangbah Award for Arts and Literature. Sports players.
In this regard, the PCI has requested the political parties in Jaintia Hills to lift the 48 hour road blockade in East Jaintia Hills to allow the churchgoers.
In the 1960-61 Census of Assam, the border of the United Khasi Jaintia States is clear, why isn't it arranged according to this Census? all sides.
They carried about 6 kilograms of explosives.
Shillong: In a statement sent to the media, many Sying farmers in Mawshynrut area, have strongly condemned Bah Donbok Shadap, on the grounds and allegation that he has not paid more. T.19 lakh, which is the money of the Sying farmers since July last year.
Interestingly, during those 1000 years, the judgment of Israel, inside that city, there was no need for the sun or the moon, but the glory of God illuminated it with the light of the Lamb (the Jesus Christ) Revelation 21:23-2
The Sylhet Catholic Diocese expresses its congratulations to Bishop Gomes on his election and expresses the hope that the Spirit of God will be with him throughout his life as the Spiritual Leader of the Church. Catholics in Bangladesh, according to the Bangladesh Khasi Catholic Youth Association (BKCYA).
Regarding the concern regarding the issuance of licenses and the relationship with the winemakers, the Minister assured the public that the license fee will be very low and informed that the government is still is on the way to streamline the registration process to open up access to the winemakers of the state.
He said that in the last elections, the people of Garo Hills voted for the NPP and the people of Khasi Jaintia Hills voted for the UDP. both parties cannot govern alone.
On the other hand, Samla Donald V Thabah General Secretary of KSU Sengkmie said that the KSU Sengkmie will soon visit the village to inspect the welfare of the people in the village. .
Tomorrow will be the day when candidates who wish to withdraw their nomination papers will be allowed to withdraw their nomination papers from the mid-term elections.
The young girl was found to have the disease when she was tested positive.
Members of two Farmer Producer Organizations (FPOs) from Pariong and U Shang from Nongthliew participated in the programme. and the Roilang Society from Mawkynbat Village.
“We understand that the government's purpose in arresting and detaining KSU members is to intimidate them to continue their activities for the benefit of the people,” he said. trai muluk, but our message to the government is, do whatever you want to do, arrest us, imprison us, bomb us, but these will not stop us from moving forward. ideas and activities related to the protection of the rights of the Khasi indigenous people.
“With the opening of these training centres, Shillong will become a place to talk about the path of music and the music industry.
On the other hand, Sangma spoke to the youth and women of the village at the end of his speech.
Karachi police have arrested three members of a gang that used to rob cooking oil using a police van from time to time.
God did not say, “70 days are fulfilled upon thy people.
The Raid Mynsaw was born in the 1990s.
The Joint Committee on Reservation Policy (JCCRP) on 31st June held a protest at Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills, to demand that the government should revise the reservation policy according to the population.
She misleads herself and everyone.
On the other hand, Dolloi Waheh Puramon Kynjing, Chief Religious Officer of the Elaka, said that the purpose of the religious ceremony on this day is that the children of the Raij of the village show respect and respect to the Mother. nature which has blessed mankind in all aspects and on this day according to the religious rules the children of the Raij are not allowed to work, harm or do any work by destroying and destroying the fire. nature and its surroundings.
This was done in the scheduled manner according to the announcement issued by the Red Fort.
But if we read Revelation 21:13 it says, “On the east three gates”.
The reason for the decision is not yet known and police are conducting a thorough investigation.
“We would also like to point out that the curfew called on the 10th and 11th of this month has severely affected the students as they have had to postpone their examinations.
Article 10 clearly states, “That the Indigenous Peoples shall not be forcibly expelled from their land and villages.
“I expect that there will be cooperation between the Government of India and the States for the development of our country,” he said.
We send our blessings to this young man that as he has accepted this very heavy responsibility, he will be able to fulfill it properly and carry it for the glory of the country and the benefit of the people.
Meghalaya through Abhishek took five wickets for 47 runs while Puducherry were all out for 188 after tied first.
Speaking on the occasion, the lawyer of the suspended teachers, MF Qureshi, said that the court today considered the documents of the report of the High Level Scrutiny Committee. The CBI and as many teachers have complained about this, the Court has not yet decided and is still hearing them.
The party shall protect its members and there shall be no discrimination.
He said, “Don't move the old boundary that your fathers have set”.
When contacted by Rupang, it was understood from some of the elders that the MDC-2014 candidates from Langrin Constituency are trying to set up a forum to elect a joint candidate.
Replying to a question on the number of schemes of the central government whose financial support is no longer 90:10 percent and some have now reached 80:20 and some have reached 75:25 percent, he said. Gagan Jain, another BJP leader from Meghalaya, said, “We will take up this issue with the relevant Ministry to request it to relax the rules.
There are about 41 cows that have been smuggled to Bangladesh.
The day was enriched by songs by the students of GNM, School of Nursing of the Hospital.
The one day tournament was held at the Jongksha Football Ground in the presence of the Government of Jongksha Village, Bah Olet Kharsahnoh as the chief guest, Bah H. Suting, K. Songthiang, T. Kharsahnoh. They are the coaches of Jongksha Grassroots Football Center and the parents of the children.
In the first match at 11 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium, Nongumlong SC beat Lumdiengjri SC by scoring two goals each.
This road from Lad-Mawiong Sung to Jaranong and Sylwen Sung Valley is a budlum road or rishot bah for the farmers who use it and can only pass one vehicle at a time, one up or down. descending.
Meanwhile, KHNAM has made it clear that it still trusts the leadership of Bah Ardent and has no objection to him so far.
The HLC recently decided that the illegal residents of Iewmawlong should leave the area and should not wait until the government evicts them. continue to evacuate the people living in Them Iewmawlong.
It is learned that the residents of Lumshnong and Narpuh Elaka, have protested against the proposal of the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board (MPCB) to hold a public meeting to authorize the Star Cement has increased its production from 9 lakh tonnes to 25 lakh tonnes per annum.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has selected nine boxers to take part in the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship, which will start on Saturday.
The final will be played on Tuesday at 4:30 pm.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Bishwa Sharma has met with Conrad Sangma to plan how to form a government in Meghalaya as soon as the MLA results are announced. elections.
Peter 2:13[13]Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake: whether it be to the king, as supreme; , to the king as the chief governor, Ks advice to all bus drivers and passengers as well.
“Because of this government's refusal to listen, the strike will continue as announced and tomorrow there will be a meeting of teachers under the banner of JACATAM to take further strike measures,” said Bah Nongsiang.
When the court of two judges, Chief Justice Sanjib Banarjee and Justice W Diengdoh, heard the PIL filed by Flamig B Marak against the state government, Two judges have ordered the state government and MeECL to file their own affidavits on the power outage for several hours.
Russia has destroyed public places through these missiles in the past few days.
The Dorbar Shnong has decided that all the election campaign meetings of candidates in the Shnong will be conducted by the Dorbar Shnong.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong has demanded that the road construction company of the central government should clean up the roadsides so that they will be clean and beautiful. the village is created.
The Mawsmai-Nongthymmai Elaka has also urged the tourists from the state to maintain order, not to gather lymbung, to maintain dignity and especially not to throw garbage, bottles or plastic in these places. place of entertainment.
He said that during the raid, police have seized up to 400 bottles of kyaid and said that this place is also illegally operating without a license and the seizure of jri sop bun song. If you don't use it, you don't know if this place is really a place of worship.
Since the day of independence until today, what has the Government of India done to protect, promote the language, culture and protect the people of the whole East, there is nothing that has not been done.
The overcrowding in the market is also due to the high price and when the price is not enough, you have to walk around to get the goods at the right price.
On the same day, the union leaders also met with the Superintending Engineer of PWD Western Circle, to remind him of the request they had put in writing earlier, to help in the use of the There is no money to build a road from Dommawlieh to Lawrynjam.
However, Benami cases violate this Act which is the stieh of the entire state.
He said that in 1952, after a meeting of the leaders of the North East, they were able to see far ahead the uniqueness of Ri Khasi as a traditional Khaddar system, such as the existence of Hima, Elaka. , Lyngdohship, and others, and it is from the receipt of the seventh chapter that the customs and traditions remain to this day.
The English Premier League will resume on July 17, 2020, with Aston Villa taking on Sheffield United and Manchester City taking on Arsenal.
He said that it was during the presidency of Roosevelt that the Social Security number was implemented because there was a shortage of income in the United States and the implementation was due to the assistance provided by the government. The public should have access to them but there is nothing else that can affect your personal identity like Aadhaar.
Bah Lapang led the ceremony and laid flowers.
On the occasion, some of the leaders of the Seng Khasi such as Rangbah Sumar Sing Sawian (Bam kwai at the door of God), Bah Mistin Tymthai, Bah Dipshon L Nongbri were also the chief guests. for the organization of the ritual Pyneh Rngiew Kiew Lum Sohpet Bneng for the preservation of our own traditional religion and beliefs for the present and future generations.
On the other hand, the Additional Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills Police, Chemphang Syrti together with the Magistrate rushed to the village to find out the truth of the incident.
Many times we blame the deterioration of roads for the lack of proper construction.
Bengaluru: The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting has sought clarification from Kannada news channel Public TV on its report that Prime Minister Narendra Modi will travel by helicopter and drop money to the people of Kannada. suin.
KHNAM has demanded this after the High Court (HC) of the state has dismissed the PIL with the suggestion that the decision for the year to implement the Roster should be discussed. and shall be taken by the Ruling and Opposition Parties.
“As the saying goes, 'Actions speak louder than words,' so the citizens of Meghalaya deserve a government that prioritizes cleanliness and efficient operations. for the people," he said.
In connection with the incident, the family members of the deceased have informed the Nongstoiñ Police Station and the police have registered a case against him. After completing all the necessary arrangements, they handed over the body of the youth to the family members for the remaining funeral.
JOWAI: The Nongbareh Lyntiar Secondary School will celebrate its 32nd Anniversary on the 7th October 2019 at the grounds of Nongbareh Lyntiar Secondary School at 11:00am.
The meeting was also attended by Kyrshan Pamshong, President Shillong Lok Sabha Youth Congress, Rajesh Lapang, President Fernandez Dkhar, Secretary Shillong Lok Sabha Youth Congress, Charles Marngar. , Secretary Otril Pamshong, former MDC Mawhati and other Congress leaders.
Young people in the village marry when they are old enough and there are 6 young people in Umngei who are 60 years old and above.
In the election of the candidate for the Legislative Assembly, many of the supporters of the political parties or private candidates have forcibly expressed themselves by mentioning their candidates. They don't want to win the victory, but when they are expressed by the leaders who have been influenced and thoughtful, the answer is sad.
The CCIB also demanded that if the signboard is to be erected, it should be on the border of the two cases.
The final is scheduled to be played at the Nagaland Cricket Stadium in Sovima at 9 pm.
During the arrest of these women, 1790 Yabba tablets were seized from the South West Khasi Hills District.
“Of course, the authorities should do something about this because it is one law that applies to everyone.
Modi said he wanted to contest the elections for the sake of development for the people, but the Congress was reluctant to talk about it and had only a goal to increase the vote bank.
Shillong, July 30: The Center for Social Justice and Governance, Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mum bai, Maharashtra, has invited Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, & Chairman, The Grand Council. on 27th July 2014, in Mumbai, to give a talk and explanation to students from all over India who want to know about the rule of the Khasi States. and the topic of discussion was 'The Status of Tribal Political System within the Sixth Schedule Areas'
There is a suspicion that the robber killed his wife by tying her with a cloth around her neck until she died.
In a statement, Mebanker Tding, Mawsohmad Khatarshnong, said that this person sent or shared to the Prime Minister in her post with the intention of insulting the MLA/MDC leaders. Investigation revealed that this woman is not from Mawsohmad village but the writing in her post is exactly as if she knows the people of Mawsohmad village who do not get food and their problems.
Ms Dlan said that this has put in trouble the farmers of the area as well. She said that they cannot come forward this time because they cannot tolerate this. “The Word of God says that if you are beaten, you will be beaten, but now we can't be beaten anymore, we have to tell the truth,” said Dlan. Shylla President Green Ginger Association-Bhoi rymbong Unit.
He also urged the people of the state not to fall into the power of money to elect legislators as this will lead to a complete disruption of the rule of law.
Regarding the government's failure to call for talks or respond to the 13 political parties who staged the protest today, many people have been surprised and questions have been filled in their minds. The government, however, did not notice the number of 13 political parties with less than 400 members who attended the protest.
UDP is a lost party but we see now UDP is a winning party and we will win and we will lead the government.
Shillong, Iaiong 03 : East Khasi Hills Police have found that it was a clash between two groups who shot khaw-iang, which led to the murder of Bah Omega Myrthong, who was stabbed in the head and hands to the robbers by the pool of Umiam.
Last night, the 52-year-old actor was given dai, ata and jhur for his dinner, but he did not want to eat and was not allowed to bring food. from the outside.
The Umbir Village Council, Ri-Bhoi District, has clarified that it has no information about the Pool Festival and at the same time, the Dorbar Shnong has strongly condemned the organizers and banned those who intend to hold the Pool Festival. without the knowledge and permission of the Dorbar Shnong.
Another idea about this mountain is to remove the lynshops who have been deceived by the schemes of creation and to stand together for the right to raise their rights, whether in the family. , long village, country - place not to sell at the price of the Nylla khara which was shaped by the ancients, the Longkñi-ki Longkpa.
"Well," said Bahnah, "but you will have to come home when you need it.
These types of vegetables are especially helpful for people with hypothyroidism.
The UDP has also announced four MDCs including CEM Titosstarwell Chyne (Sohra), Paul Lyngdoh (West Shillong), Mitchell Wankhar (Mylliem), Dawan Lyngdoh (Nartiang) and Treilang Suchiang (Raliang) and former CEM of JHADC Moonlight Pariat (Jowai).
The universe and the life within it need each other to survive, grow and develop.
In addition, the office bearers of the youth have been elected to work hard in the strengthening of their areas.
Shillong: The Muktiar of Henry Lalremsanga has sent a legal notice to the former Chief Minister. The legal notice demanded that Dr Mukul Sangma, who is currently an MLA in the Opposition from the Trinamool Congress (TMC), will have to pay a fine of up to T. The legal notice was sent by Bah K.Kharmawphlang & Associates, who is the Advocate and Legal Consultant of Henry Lalremsanga. .
Together, I will stand; Saphred, I'm sorry.
He said that during the construction of houses, he found that the most commonly used siej is siej iong and siej skhong but he also found that these types of siej are not the most commonly used siej. These species are found only in Ladlasharai, Mawleiñ, Mawkhan and Umkei districts.
Balios Swer informed the public that the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) has prepared 10,000 forms to be distributed to all coal mine owners to fill up. The forms can be obtained from the MSPCB office on or before the 8th of November. He said that the forms can be obtained from the office of the Association at Moowakhu, Dkhiah West in East Jaintia Hills.
The final match between Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu and Royal Pole Mihmyntdu ended in a 1-1 draw.
The District Sports Officer (DSO), West Khasi Hills has inaugurated the 28th District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 with the participation of 26 schools from all over the country. this district.
Even the investigation appointed by the KHADC into the corruption has not been completed until today due to the lack of compliance with the laws of the KHADC,” said Bah Kharshiing.
Anthropologists and others who study and research the existence and heritage of various peoples in the world reject this and find it unfounded.
Earlier, the registration was temporarily suspended due to a lawsuit filed by the insurance company against the government.
These Committees will have to visit and meet with the villagers of each village on the border including the leaders from MLAs and MDCs to clarify when taking decisions.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The state government's failure to allow the people to attend the meeting of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Polo today has caused many people to throng and meet. They had to walk outside the JN stadium and enter through the only door.
Former Chief Minister of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah KP Pangniang, who is also from the village, said that there was an Upper Primary School in the village which was established 30 years ago.
But he said, “Whoever believes in Him will not be disappointed.
Sec.School.
It’s hard to accept but we have to focus on the challenges.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that the meeting decided to allow the opening of all sports. ) across the state from the first day ie the 23rd of this month.
“Speaking to media today, he said that the CAB 2019 is not acceptable to us because the new CAB will only work in some parts of Meghalaya.
Shillong: The turnout in Meghalaya for the Lok Sabha elections 2024 has reached 76.60 per cent and the turnout for Tura Constituency is 81.37 per cent and for Shillong is 73.78 per cent.
When asked for his opinion, the Mawthadraishan MLA said that the UDP has no problem winning from the constituency he leads and the victory of the UDP in Mawthadraishan will also ensure his victory in
Hamas has killed the elderly, infants and shot enemies like Hitler and ISIS. Palestine is not in the Bible.
Therefore, they live the life that God wants them to live.
He said that the farmers should live in their farms and should not produce activities that disturb the peace and stability of the two villages.
The video has also been viewed by more than 10 million people on Weibo, China's most popular website.
But she has done this to me...” Rida replied clearly. Panah, who had been watching and listening to her, was shocked in his heart as soon as he heard Rida's answer.
The ïuh and the kyrdem also felt right.
The village facing this problem is Saba village near Barato village in West Jaintia Hills District.
All foreign traders must have valid trading licenses obtained from the relevant government authorities.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Bah Donbok Khymdeit said that from today onwards they have nothing to do with the UDP and this decision to leave the UDP does not have any opposition to the UDP. the party and it is the will of the leaders and members.
Today, the group together with the leaders of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai, the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills, civil society organizations including JSM, JSU and offices from the PHE, JMB, DFO Social Forestry, The District Urban Planner and the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board have held a meeting with the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills under the chairmanship of M. Challam (ADM) on how to find ways and means to provide protection. around the Myntdu River.
Shillong: Rainfall in the last 24 hours in different parts of the state.
He said that it is common for any party to improve itself.
On the other hand, Bah Pradip Kurbah, said that he is pleased that SBUK has agreed to cooperate with FACES and the cooperation between these two groups is to revive the entertainment industry in Shillong.
What we see with the construction of roads like the Shillong Bypass and others, the number of people who turn the roads into playgrounds for cars and two wheelers even though they understand that the roads have not been built. for the actors to play the characters of the Hollywood movie 'Fast & Furious' and many of its parts.
They were the ones who crucified Jesus and released Barabbas.
In the Under-14 boys category, Upper Mawbidong Secondary School beat Phlang Kynshi Upper Primary School 3-0 to win.
“There are crores of rupees per month in the amount of money that has reached Dr. Mukul Sangma,” said Bah Kharshiing. bat that cost billions of dollars.
After the first victory, Malvika will meet Wang Zhi Yi again, while Ashmita will meet Chinese Han Yue in the qualifying round.
Suchen said that the eviction of the woman was because she had exposed the corruption in the 100 days MGNREG scheme which she had applied for RTI in The RTI has found that the salaries have not been paid and the schemes have not been implemented and the loss of money has reached lakhs of rupees.
“According to the statistics, there were 9.38 lakh tourists in the state alone, of which the majority came from Assam (43 per cent) and West Bengal (14 per cent). the rest is from other states," Cyril said.
Nine villages in Rambrai area including Mawthaw, Umsiej, Urkhli, Mawmluh, Mawliehpoh, Mawiawniang, Marshiang, Nongshilliang and Lawdibah in the presence of FKJGP and KSU Rambrai Circle have expressed their strong opposition to the An unidentified person has been arrested at one of the places in Mawlangria.
The HNYF Southern Riwar Circle from time to time has warned through the media in recent days not to export rice to Bangladesh from Lyngkhat, Pyrdiwah, Dawki Bakur, Riah Jalong and so on. Muktapur; However, the union found that the traders did not respond at all and therefore the union could not refuse to arrest them and after being arrested the union handed over the rice through the Dawki police station and to the custom office at Tamabil. Dawki.
It is learned that Dr. Mukul Sangma had tried to persuade Roshan to withdraw her resignation letter but she refused to back down from her decision.
Butter milk : This is what can improve the hydration of the skin.
Furthermore, from this day onwards, the Cultural Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie will conduct dance training for the children and all the young men and women every evening.
He said that the police will provide tight security to government buildings, government vehicles and will also ensure that government employees or the public will not be disturbed in their movements.
Therefore, in connection with this incident, the district authorities have imposed a night curfew under Section 144 CrPC.
The purpose of these Zonal Conferences is to inform the State Governments/UT Authorities on the three Missions of the Department to pave the way for the effective implementation of the schemes in the next 5 years according to the performance. together with the Central Government and the State Governments to ensure that the social changes as envisaged under the Missions are achieved for the benefit of the women and children of the country.
Shiv Sena (UBT) leader and Rajya Sabha MP Priyanka Chaturvedi today demanded that Narendra Modi should immediately enact laws to ensure that the women shall be able to maintain their own race, which they have taken from the time they are not married, and shall be able to maintain it, even after they have married.
“This action of the JMB will cause many diseases and pollute the water because there are many fields where farmers plant,” said the village leaders.
The meeting was attended by officials from the PWD, Health, Education, Tourism departments, school leaders including the Principals of Sohra and others.
Nongstoiñ: As part of the development of tourism in the Nongkhnum District and also to create job opportunities for the youth of the area, the office of the District Sports Officer West Khasi Hills Nongstoiñ together with The District Sports Promotion Society (DSPS) in collaboration with the Nongkhnum Area Sports Promotion Society (NALSIVCS) has conducted a training for the youth of Nongkhnum area. River Rafting and Kayaking where Deepak Rana was the instructor.
The Dorbar Shnong Moodymmai together with the VDP Shnong, remembered these leaders of the VDP Shnong 50 years ago by honoring them today in the presence of their relatives.
He said that if the Government of India approves the 6th Schedule, it will bring about change because the MDC elections will be held in the same manner.
Sputnik tied for 172 runs and lost four wickets in 20 overs.
Not all people are equal in thought because the sharing of knowledge by those who know to those who do not know is essential for the strengthening of families so that we can have a society that is strong and stable in all directions.
According to the Minister, the scheme has been implemented by taking the most needy across the rural villages in the state.
“Their visit to Ïewduh shows that there is a kilo laki-laka cut, a lack of insult to the farmers,” said the former CEM of KHADC. “Go and ask the traders and farmers, they will tell you what happened during the tenure of Bah Ardent as CEM. “Is it a blessing to blame outsiders that the kilo cut started during the time of Bah Ardent, when we arrange things, it is a blessing. -What's wrong with you?
On the part of the MDA Government, the primary duty is to ensure that there will be peace and security for the citizens of the state and that the citizens cannot be put at risk.
He said that the incident last night was only between a few people but why do the Nepalis come out to attack against the Khasi youth if they don't have any evil intention?
Once again, the Single Window Agency/Clearance for these factories has been issued.
Those who attended the confirmation ceremony included Bah Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh, Bah Liander Nongshli and other elders of the village.
He looked at the man, who was dressed in a white robe, and saw that he had been looked at with bright eyes, and that he was covered with darkness of sin. bym salia to turn mouth-mak in front of whatever happens.
The first Presbytery Service was held at Nongsawlia with Rev. Thomas Jones II as Moderator and Rev. Griffith Hughs as Secretary.
Many times we have heard that children and students are the future of the country and the nation as a whole, but if this continues due to power outages from time to time, what will be the future of children and students? On this issue, as one of the students who have faced this problem, so with a spirit of sympathy and sympathy to our fellow students and students, so that this problem can be solved, so I would like to suggest to you that if possible please send the people in charge of the electricity department to inspect from time to time by cleaning the post lights in the forest so that the rest of the trees will not fall and destroy the postlights. bad wire light.
He said that according to the information received from the union, it has been found that foreigners in these areas have formed their own groups of village leaders without counting the Khasi Rangbah Shnong, Ministers and Syiem. the Hima Sohra, the KHADC and the nation as a whole.
Look at football, there has never been a single Asian player, ever selected".
Nongpoh, Jymmang 22: Three political parties including the KSU, RBYF and FKJGP today came out to strongly condemn the bloodthirsty killers involved in the murder of Kitborlang Marbaniang in Umtangar village. the blood that this young man has done until he took his life from this earth.
Iatyllilang SC beat Mawpdang SC through a goal from Iatyllibor Mynsong in the 30th minute.
From the poor country, from the North East I have struggled in the midst of poverty and without the support of any political party I have risen to the rank of Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. Country.
There have been occasions when the village leaders have conveyed this issue to the late MLA of Shella Constituency Dr. Donkupar Roy but this conveyance has not been successful till today.
It is also sad that just because of the border we have lost many precious lives because of many conflicts until we have to fight and use weapons which is a real problem for the people in border.
Several people were injured and some seriously injured when a tanker truck carrying petrol overturned and caught fire on Friday.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) FR Kharkongor said that there were 19,11,369 voters till July this year.
Mount Mawthadraishan is adjacent to Mawphanlur, which is another tourist attraction in the northern part of Khasi Hills.
The GNLA has demanded that the government should immediately stop the kidnapping of GNLA members in Garo Hills or end the life of the abducted BDO.
Dkhakr also acknowledged that this shows the turning of the people of many churches to the TMC for the good and development of Meghalaya.
Of course, we still need to improve their working methods so that they can meet the requirements of various laws.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 26: The election for the Legislative Assembly of the State has arrived, in which the candidates who came out to contest this election have lost sleep day and night.
With this technique, the pyrjong can detect carbon dioxide, which comes from the breathing and exhalation of a person, but it can be prevented by this technique, through this drug, which can be effective for up to 48 hours.
There are 323 recoveries from the disease.
Shillong: Laitkyrhong 'B' (Hima Khyrim) and Balastar Rynjah of Hima Khyrim have won the 31st Rongbiria Archery Tournament held at the Hima Khyrim. The Apphira Archery Committee, 2nd Ground, Polo, Shillong, was held today, 4th June
Shri W. Rymbai (EM) gave a short speech on the good deeds of the Local MLA and at the end, the Waheh Shnong, Ma Lasting Pala gave the congratulatory speech and cut the ribbon.
The World Bank has now funded projects worth more than T.2400 crore in the State and the progress of these projects has been reported to the World Bank Team by the State Officers.
Similarly, in Himachal Pradesh, the people have re-elected the Congress party (which has begun to collapse) which used to give freedom to minority religious groups. religious minority) to act as a secular party in India since Independence Day.
It will pave the way for the use of the digital marketplace to assist industries, countries, those involved in these activities to understand demand and supply capacity, along with connecting technology providers and users of these technologies.
Allan West Kharkongor said that there are many places to entertain the visitors to Tynrai, besides the venue which has been prepared for the programme. There are also musicians in the square in the marketplace and these musicians play all day long to entertain the people.
But all these have no power and cannot prolong or shorten their own lives.
If we look at the way we use mobile phones, the internet, the food we eat, the clothes we wear, the language we use to speak, we are almost becoming servants. slave.
Mr. A.War in his speech said that blood is an important part of the human body and blood circulation also helps to bring oxygen into the human body.
The College has a shortage of 9 teachers excluding Mathematics teachers in Class XI and XII. The College is still short of 2 teachers in Political Science and one in Economics, History and Botany. , Physics and Chemistry.
Speaking to Rupang, Donbor Malngiang, one of the Khasi herbalists who is also a member of the Jaintia Indigenous Medicine Association (JIMA), said that after taking part in the meetings, many meetings were held with the Khasi herbalists. In his request for assistance, he said that these workshops are only a secret war for the Kynbat pharmacists in which it is only a program to buy skills from them.
On the part of the members of the Seng, we will continue to be vigilant and conduct more and more searches so that we can prevent the entry and exit of foreigners in this beloved country from now on. ,” said Bah Shinestar Kharpan President, HYC-Umïam Circle.
Because it is here that we can determine the rule of nature, the Bishar-binon.
Meghalaya Police (MLP) have won the Shillong Cricket League Super Division 2022-23 by beating Langsning XI CC by four wickets at the Polo Ground on Tuesday.
The court was angry that the Chief Secretary was not present at the hearing today, as he was ordered to attend the hearing. the commandment to arrest him.
Police on Thursday evening received a phone call from people informing about the presence of a suspicious bridge in a sanium area near the Nh-6 in Umkiang. that they were in possession of illegal drugs or paraphernalia.
In East Khasi Hills, four cases have been confirmed today.
There is also the Don Bosco Museum run by the Fathers of the Catholic Church and has produced many IAS officers like Bah WMS Pariat, Kong Charles Lamin and many others. , said Mr. Sawkmie.
Milk also contains compounds known as melatonin, a hormone that helps regulate sleep and sleep and wake times.
They prayed to God to deliver them from this suffering.
Shillong, Naitung 26 : A group of students from NEHU today met with the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma to express their concern that it will affect the students if the the National Education Policy (NEP) in the state.
The KJP Youth Assembly is also preparing to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of Youth Sunday in
“We don't think that elections are near or political gains as alleged but others are campaigning and we will continue to work,” he said.
Therefore, the government needs to check the health of the carriers of food, medicines and others to ensure that the suppliers are unaffected people; It shall be kept for three days and distributed to the people on the fourth day.
From KSU North Khasi Hills, Bah Ferdinand said that from Khanapara, Byrni, Jorabad to 15 Mer have been included in the map of Garoland which is the area of ​​Ri-Bhoi.
“The presence of Bah Alexander L Hek as MLA will make it exciting to contest the election in 2023 because the game itself is exciting to contest if it is difficult so that the spectators will also enjoy watching,” he said. and the King.
Kaliaganj in North Dinajpur district has been in turmoil since the discovery of the body of a student from Nala last month.
In this regard, 28 farmers have come forward to register their land to receive this scheme where they will benefit per annum not less than T.15 thousand besides the products. rep that they have got to market.
Most of the athletes are farmers from the eastern parts of Haryana and Punjab.
The mother of Mary said that Mary died on the night of the 7th of Saturday, and was informed on the morning of the 8th at 7 pm by the relatives of Golda who came to the house. They said that their daughter has died and committed suicide. On the same day, they said that if they want to take her to the village, they have to spend about T.1.50 lakh. They said that they have not been able to think of anything. Their daughter was buried at 4 pm, because Kong Golda said that the village custom in Mizoram does not allow the body to stay overnight. .
This step has been taken as part of the Government's commitment to improve the quality of health services to all the residents of the State.
The World Athletics Committee on Drug Control has written to Athletics New Zealand (ANZ) to provide an explanation for the failure to provide or inadequate inspections of all its players last year.
Many of the students do not receive Scheduled Tribe Certificates because we have not yet issued them with the certificate that they are Khasi,” he said.
It is learned that these workers are inside the park about 100 meters from the entrance.
“I joined the party first from the KSU and later from the HYC with the intention of protecting our country and nation from the enemies, and to preserve the environment,” he added.
“Secondly, you have to understand the truth about this, that people have been mining coal since 200 years ago and their income comes from this. claim".
Other posts are – Vice President District Wise (Karimganj, Hailkandi and Cachar): Samla Walton Rymbai: Samla Blessing Talang: Samla.
But what we need to sing now is, “when the saints go marching out” – “when the saints and pious go out into the world to stand on the foundation of righteousness and truth, to proclaim and condemn the wicked. profit, corruption and to fight against corruption in trade, economy and justice"
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo, today said that whether they are officials or citizens, all must follow the rules and regulations laid down by the department. Before coming to the state, they will have to undergo RTPCR test and quarantine for 7 days.
She was speaking at Nekikona Tilapara Square in Rajabala constituency to campaign for the upcoming elections on the 27th of this month.
Besides, 11.60 lakh tyngka was also distributed to 23 groups under the YESS Meghalaya Youth Empowerment Programme.
Speaking on the occasion, Rahul Gandhi said the Congress respects all the customs and traditions of the ethnic groups in the country, while the RSS and BJP have a different view.
All the matches were held on Sunday, but this did not impress the authorities.
The silver medal went to Mizoram while the bronze medal went to Gautam Narzary of Assam and Miren Tayeng of Arunachal Pradesh.
KHNAM has expressed its concern that the salary they receive is not enough to support their families and the government needs to increase their salary.
In a statement, the contractors said that according to reports, the department has planned to borrow T.105 crore to start the remaining Phase-III works.
Shillong Lajong got a little encouragement after Sheen Sohktung scored the first goal for Neroca in the 53rd minute.
They shall be temporary office bearers until the election for the full office bearers.
Lesterwell Khyriem scored the third goal in the 40th minute.
The program was conducted by KSU President Morning Star Pasi in the presence of Pynshai Rani, Publicity Secretary CEC KSU.
On these issues, the meeting decided to send a letter to the Government.
The demand has been long overdue, but it has been fulfilled this time when the Minister of Civil Defence and Home Guards, Ma Comingone Ymbon visited the Raliang Police Outpost to Police Station on Tuesday.
The following day, three members of the KSU were arrested, Jayand Sylliang, Paplu Lyngdoh and Johny Nongrum.
If we work hard, it will surely bring blessings to us and to others.
As part of the Restart Meghalaya campaign, the Covid Relief for Small Businesses (COVID Relief) scheme has been launched by the State Government.
When asked whether the overcrowding in the city is due to the large number of land dealers, Kong Angela said that if the law is implemented, the central government will remove it. The provisions of this Act require that no inspection be conducted on the premises which are not allowed to sell land and this inspection will ensure that only those who are bona fide land sellers will receive a license. “Even those who come from the households of government employees are using themselves as land dealers and by inspecting the land through this Act, we have been able to stop them,” said Kong Angela.
“We have to leave because the Prime Minister could not come.
Small vehicles without passes will park on the right side of the road to Lumkynjoin.
Therefore, all people are blessed because Jesus died for all people to redeem sin from Satan, and that He rose again and ascended to heaven on the Mount of Olives.
Excellency Mr. CHANG Jaebok, Ambassador of South Korea and his wife Mrs. GU Jung-Hyun, who were also the chief guests, also planted trees during the visit. visit.
The Minister said that the State Government has been collecting Cess revenue for many years without using it and this Government has taken a decision and started using this money to improve literacy. .
He said that most of the political parties cannot implement the election issues because they do not get enough victory but there are general issues which can be done without writing only by speaking or campaigning.
Furthermore, you should be clear in your language and don't talk too much that the value of human dignity will decrease.
They hope that in class Xii he will appear from that school and that will help the school to appear.
Therefore, it is time for the intellectuals and intellectuals to encourage the youth to surprise the society so that as the youth of the state, they too will continue to improve from time to time. progress in all aspects of life, we have peace and we can protect our nation.
Let us create our own destruction and not sin against others.
Kuljit has been missing since 24th March 2018 and it is suspected that he drowned in the river.
National Vice President of the BJP (BJP) Chuba Ao on October 7 said that the members of the government in this election are better and urged them to work hard and do better than the past.
All the speakers praised the MLA for his ability to follow up on this scheme which has brought about development in the constituency.
At the meeting Peter suggested to his mother that she should speak first and that the more serious and stronger speech should be spoken by him as an elder and at the same time as a brother.
There are those who say that the attempt to resign is just a drama of the BJP and Biren.
Measure : you mean, woh, you don't have to measure; woh is not a burden to provide; The doctor doesn't have to test the weight to build the right shijur.
This is my view as a citizen regarding this job sector.
“We want to bring an MP who can express the needs of the people of this constituency and the Congress candidate is qualified to go to the Rajya Sabha,” she said.
The Minister of Public Works Department (PWD), HD Revanna, has dismissed 700 PWD workers per day.
The residents of Mawsynram and Sohiong Assembly Constituencies are encouraged to vote at the designated polling stations on 28th and 29th July 2022 and not to miss this opportunity. which the Government provides for the welfare of all.
On the HNLC's decision to appoint the newly appointed Vice Chairman Teimiki Laloo to oversee the peace talks, Prestone said, “But the Chairman or Commander-in-Chief or whoever else, I think it is the Chairman or Commander-in-Chief. the minds of the Supreme Leaders".
According to legend, it was after Bormanik that the Shillong Hima was divided into two Himas (Mylliem and Khyrim) and that the first Syiem of the Khyrim Hima was Sing Manik.
The President of the Party and the leaders should have thought carefully from now on but it appears that the PDF is sleeping lyngngai while the struggle within the NPP has become increasingly tense due to the involvement of former MLAs and current MDCs. well thnem.
The rally started from the school grounds and passed through Wah Nangbah Road to Ïawmusiang, Mission Lion Compound and ended at the school grounds carrying anti-smoking placards.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that the officers in charge of the amphitheater will be severely punished. year 2017.
If we Khasi also wanted to get our own Khasi-Jaintia State without any dispute over the border of the Garo, they too would have been happy and many problems would have been avoided. employment (40:40%) and others.
At present, Nartiang is the most stable constituency as the UDP has elected MDC Bah Dawan Lyngdoh to contest against the NPP leader who is also a Minister of State.
He promised to support the state government in this regard.
Because even in the Christian faith, God created the man first and then the woman.
Rephica works in the Excise Department, but in the middle of her work, she struggles to find time to exercise every day for her running.
Also Read:.
L.Nongbet, Assistant coach Aiboklang Kharpran, Manager Milan Nongkhlaw, Physio Vicky Nelson Syiem.
Jowai, June 13: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 was held today. 1st of June at Kiang Nangbha Stadium, Jowai.
When the bullets were gone, the bayonet was used and the winner of the snier was killed.
The SP said that on their part, they have increased the security in the area.
Your vision1
He said that since the introduction of the NRC, Assam has directed all the Deputy Commissioners (DCs), Superintendents of Police (SPs) to be vigilant and monitor the entry and exit of foreigners. the state.
Ma Thombor said the NOC was issued according to a letter received from the district administration and he will consider the matter again and promised to talk to the DC of West Jaintia Hills.
Praising the working methods of the UDP Mylliem, Bah Metbah said, “This is the working methods.
The 19th Interim Report highlights the findings of the coal mine near Don Bosco College in Byndihati.
This happens not only in Shillong, but also on the roads and leads to tragic incidents.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The residents of seven villages have been shocked to see in the newspapers that the Congress leader who is also the MLA of Pynursla constituency, Bah Prestone Tynsong. He announced in the media that the Civil Sub-Division Pynursla will be opened on the 15th but only seven villages including Mawkliaw-Kemrang, Tyrngei, Mawlatang, Suktia, Nongla, Mawsiangei and Diengsiar will be exempt. Prestone told reporters that the reason is because these villages want to remain within the Sohra Civil Sub-Division. in writing to the Union of Village Authorities.
He said that the Jain group's action is illegal under Section 89(1) (d) of the Finance Act, 1994 and they will be punished under Section 89(1)(ii). Sec 9AA of the Central Excise Act,1944.
The construction of the Shillong-Dawki road has been handed over to the Government of Meghalaya.
Jowai, Nailur 28: A group of robbers suspected to be ATM robbers have robbed an ATM machine of SBI at Ummulong this morning.
It is worth mentioning that 40 people have appealed to the Supreme Court against the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to ban the illegal construction of the Umkhrah River.
On the same day, the Union also held the election and renewal of the office bearers. S.Thongni was elected as President, Livingstone Thongni as Vice President, Amos K. Bani as General Secretary and others. .
He said that the NGT has relaxed a little by allowing the sale of coal extracted from the crematorium.
Goyal said it is necessary to improve the distribution of electricity to the people and the consumers should use it properly without wasting electricity.
According to a survey by the Pew Research Center, the Hindu population worldwide will grow by 34 percent from 1 billion to 1.4 billion worldwide by
“The KHADC is implementing the law that foreigners who don't have a trading license cannot trade without a trading licence.
During the meeting with the patients, the Governor asked them about their treatment, their feelings and wished them a speedy recovery.
The Pastor said that he had spoken to his son by telephone, where according to his son, he had to stay in quarantine in a place, which is not suitable. who has been eating and drinking and who has mixed with other people and who has not followed any rules according to the government's directives, but unfortunately he has been regarded as one of the robbers.
There is a great deal of concern that these two men are still at large after the shooting incident yesterday, in which two policemen were killed, along with the staff of the magazine. , in their shooting in Paris.
He said that on Tuesday morning, some friends went to work near his house and saw that the door was not locked at all. and he came quickly, and found that the lock was locked, and the door was locked.
It was conducted by Fairman Khongmalai.
Economic development is the production of agriculture and it is also the fruit of justice and fairness.
City have played well in all their games in various leagues this season but when it comes to the Champions League final, they have not been able to be in the position they used to be but have to They have lost Kevin de Bruyne to a hamstring injury in the first half.
I’ve enjoyed my time here, and we had a great season last season.
Many of those elected leaders face many challenges and still have to receive training along with their responsibilities.
Regarding the men who wish to participate in the Nongkrem Shad, the Paiem said that since ancient times there has been no restriction on the men to participate in the Pomblang Shad. There is no restriction on the age of 30 to 60 years.
In the second innings, Laitjem CC scored 106 runs for the loss of 7 wickets in 19.5 overs.
The two organizations urged the government to expedite the construction of the road as the scheme for the construction of the road has been funded by the World Bank. If this happens, the scheme may be lost or relocated elsewhere. If this happens, it will be a great loss to the residents of Laskein Block.
Khliehriat, Naitung 14: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) in a statement said that it wishes all the children of the Seiñ Raij Tuber a happy and prosperous Eid. .
When asked whether the government will appoint an independent commission of inquiry, Prestone said, “If the case demands and they don't respond after the police have completed the investigation, the government can also appoint an independent commission of inquiry. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has admitted that there will be no impact on the MDA government even after the raid on the Farm House of Bernard. He said that such incidents have happened in other states where there are illegal activities committed by anyone, whether they are ministers or members of the government.
So far, the Congress has only 11 Congress members.
Due to the large number of visitors to Nokrek, the Minister directed the government departments to cooperate and introduce measures to curb the spread of plastic and garbage.
“But when Capt. Fr.
The Meghalaya Police invites applications for various police posts by 14-12-2
In the Miss Ri-Bhoi College competition, Jotina Klein won the title of Miss Ri-Bhoi College and Rishanlangki Lynser won the title of Mr. Ri-Bhoi College.
According to the Greater Shillong Census, up to 4600 women are the heads of households, 99% of whom are Khasi.
Speaking at a meeting held at the Umjathang LP and UP School, the MLA said that the establishment of SHGs will help in increasing income and also to provide financial support to each other. there is no urgent need.
let Me tell them...120 crore people are praying day and night for Modi's long life.
He said that these trucks were carrying stone to the road construction sites of the companies in the area.
The ceremony was held smoothly from the beginning until the closing ceremony in the presence of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Bishnoi said Meghalaya has the Golden Triangle, which includes other states, like Myanmar, Thailand and Laos, where drugs are trafficked.
Chairman of the Meghalaya Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) James PK Sangma has met with senior leaders of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) to discuss the strengthening of the in the state.
Cheini W Niangti, Convenor Auditorial Board Chilliangraij, Heisar Shylla Assistant General Secretary and village officials were present on the occasion.
No traffic will be allowed from Don Bosco Square to St. Stephen's Hall and Jacob's Ladder Road.
In Group D, Croatia have the most points with six points from both their last two matches.
According to an MPCC source, Rahul will arrive in Shillong on the 30th where he will meet with the leaders at 4 pm at Pinewood Hotel, Shillong. Polo at 6 pm to celebrate the Gandhi Peace Festival in honor of Mahatma Gandhi.
As the days go by, the hatred becomes stronger and stronger, and it enters our hearts to destroy our country.
“Government property is the property of the people because the purpose of running the buses is for the benefit of the people.
She said that people with disabilities are an important part of the skilled workforce and the central government is committed to building an open environment for people with disabilities. have disabilities.
“We have accepted the release of the MPSCB from the PHE and handed over to the Forest and Environment Department,” he said after the Cabinet meeting.
He said that if the Khasi people are smart people or take care in education, not to know all these things but to study to become intelligent that can improve in many ways because the there is a difference between knowing all and understanding.
Shillong: Ka Sohra, today, continued to receive heavy rainfall, with 369.2mm of rainfall.
I appeal to the residents to take this day as a day to reflect and understand better about this disease which has spread all over the place.
Now, we have heard that the government is encouraging the development of tourism for those who live in those areas where there are tourist attractions but for others who have no other option.
Shillong, Naitung 19 : The State Government has decided to complete the discussions with the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on the preparations for the relocation of 342 households from Metor, Mawlong Market. The Municipal Office at Bishop Cotton Road has been prepared for the incident.
Assam will receive an area of ​​4.78 sq km including Baleswar Grant Revenue Village.
The Wahrew Bridge was constructed by M/S P&R Infra Project Ltd, Chandigarh under the NLCPR Scheme.
The Greek philosopher Socrates said: “There is only one good, wisdom, and one evil, ignorance.
The Vice President of NERYC Nongstoin Diocese, Samla Onesimos Shangdiar, said that the tournament was held in Manipur at Canchipur Catholic School, Imphal and about 2300 thousand delegates from different states participated. good from the beginning to the end of the program.
So all these things happen according to God's Time and according to His calendar.
Another road that Conrad proposed to Modi is to build a 100 km road from Mahendraganj from Meghalaya to Hili in West Bengal along the India-Bangladesh border to Silchar to allow traffic only from Siliguri.
Speaking to reporters, KJBWA Publicity Secretary Bah Kitbok Mylliem Umlong said that the union has signed a social agreement with the state government for 40 years, but until now they have to run at a loss and have to withdraw money. the expenses of lighting and other necessities.
These include EGH: 04, EJH: 05, EKH: 168, NGH: 07, RBD: 50, SGH: 04, SWGH: 09, SWKH: 20, WGH: 44, WJH: 58 and WKH:
Paul said the PP in the KHADC will meet tomorrow Tuesday after the meeting of the State Election Committee.
Shillong, Lber 28: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik on Tuesday attended a meeting of the Lyngpung Seng Khihlang at Swer.
A wise mystery cannot be used to make a snowflake or a snowflake.
In his speech, Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA, expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, the Symbud Chief Minister in charge of PWD and other departments. and all the Engineers and Senior Officers of the PWD Deptt.
According to Bah Charlie, CEO, said that according to the WHO guidelines that for every 50,000 people there should be one ambulance, in Shillong the population has increased with these four ambulances. the 108 cars would never chase to arrive in time.
“On my part, on the day he raised this question, he also invited the Minister of Home Affairs to visit Khyndailad.
Out of these 200 children, 172 children have been selected to complete the challenges. Out of these, 9 children have been selected. life to improve yourself.
The Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has also conducted a screening test for diabetes and high blood pressure. (JHADC) has set up a Delimitation Committee to look into the allocation of land in the constituencies of JHADC and also to hold a public hearing in this regard. topic.
Romans 11:1-36; 2 Corinthians 5:16-21.
When she received the kwai, Kong Dapmiar began to deliver it to the place where she had come.
Two Vice Presidents, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister, MLAs, MDCs and Dr DD Lapang were also present on the occasion.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 25: Bah Shelmikstun Nongphud, 44, resident of Domshohksoin, Rambrai, has been arrested by the Superintendent of Police, Nongstoin. He has been missing since October 2023 and no information has been received yet.
The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has said that it has no objection to the holding of the Cherry Blossom Festival by the state government on Sunday. which goes smoothly.
At the same time, he explained about many things related to the lives of the ancients who are also connected with the Shyllong Market.
Whatever the case, it is completely unacceptable to have prisons holding up to 300% capacity.
In some places shun can also be useful, especially in places where the soil is found to be very acidic.
During the raid, police seized 77 hard disks containing CPUs, T.1 lakh cash and many documents.
The statement also informed that it has elected its new office bearers in Ri-Bhoi district as well as the members of the Executive Committee.
“The action of the police is in accordance with the rules of law,” said Bah Nongpluh IGP. JSM and NWYF have demanded the dismissal of the Deputy Commissioner, WJH, Arun Kumar Kembhavi, IAS, within 15 days.
The Smit Sports Club has announced that it will hold a football trial on the 23rd October from 6 pm onwards. Krissimai Mini Stadium, Smit, This will be an opportunity for the players from the neighboring areas to come and take part in the tournament.
Other speakers on the occasion included Dr Henk Bekedam, Head of WHO, who spoke on UHC and there was also a discussion on how to implement UHC in the region.
The training center is located at SAI, NEHU, which is also one of the football training centers in the North East.
“We will convene a meeting of all departments to develop ways and means to recommend to the government to clean up this dam.
In fact, it is one of the projects that the people of the area are looking forward to, which will save the area and the district as a whole, because it will be connected to the Border Bangladesh market”.
However, Bah Shanbor said, “Of course, although I understand that you all don't like the Rangbah Shnong of Bah Let, I respectfully ask you to wait for the time.
Is it the UDP's behavior to insult others by forgetting what they have done for the country and the nation as they have promised since
The presence of this training center for nurses has made it easier for the young people who want to train in this field.
No one can violate many of the articles written in the Constitution of India.
His sudden death has also prompted the Election Department to postpone the election for the Sohiong constituency.
The union is sorry that these days people don't respect even the village leaders. A complaint has been lodged by the brother of the Waheh Shnong, Chelang Lyngdoh. He has already received interim bail which will expire on 12th July
The Chief Guest who attended the closing ceremony of the Super Division tournament was Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Affairs. State of Meghalaya.
Local authorities should regularly monitor the pattern of disease and proximity to areas where the disease has been detected.
The Seng congratulates all the members and fellow vendors who have participated in the struggle and at the same time urges all the members and vendors to stand together and cooperate with understanding and that bor Government.
In the letter, he requested the Minister to take immediate action to resolve all the problems faced by the people of the area.
The District Councils shall exercise their powers properly as provided for in the Sixth Schedule.
The question now is where and how the KHADC has released these seized items of the company.
In East Garo Hills, two cases including a health worker and a policeman have been confirmed.
Furthermore, to protect this river from being a clean and safe river, the RYBYF urges the residents and even the visitors to cooperate to protect this river. “If there is a real cooperation, we will be able to maintain the cleanliness of the river and also to protect all the species of fish that live in this river,” he added.
Prestone said that members from the Ministry of Panchayati Raj and experts from the Department of Community and Rural Development (C&RD) will spend a day at the offices of the ADCs to assist them in the implementation of the project. improve the portals.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Monday strongly condemned the Karbi community living in neighboring villages and Khasi villages in Block I area for intimidation and threats. “We strongly urge the Karbi people to immediately stop the intimidation, threats and disruption of peace and order. KSU West Jaintia Hills President Samla Laitphar Syngkrem, President of KSU West Jaintia Hills, said:
“This action of Assam shows that it does not respect the status quo between the two states.
At the same time, he said that the road which has been built to the outskirts of Mawphanlur village as it is still a dirt road, needs to be repaired and if the government wants to promote tourism it should turn your face in relation to this road.
These include East Garo Hills: 6, EKH: 10, RBD: 1, WGH: 1 and WKH:
“According to the information received from the DC regarding the local fish, she said that it has been inspected and confirmed that it is safe for public consumption,” he said.
There is a lack of cleanliness that forces even some of the rich people who earn money from the land trade.
Speaking to media, Deborah said that on the 14th or 15th July, the AICC leaders will come to Shillong to take a final decision on the list of candidates for the 2023 election.
The MPUF on Tuesday donated food items to a family in Dienshynrum village, East Jaintia Hills District.
On the claims of the coal owners that the mining of coal under the mining lease has caused them problems, as it is expensive to invest, Prestone said that there will be no business in the mining lease. If they want to avoid an accident, they have to spend money so that it will be safe for the workers and will not wear a shirt.
He scored 96% in the ICSE examination and 100 marks in Chemistry.
Other speakers included the President of the Governing Body of the College, Bah GS Massar and Assistant Professor, Bah Dayahunlin Mawlong.
“We demand justice and the government should release the result,” said the nurses.
In another match, Russia's Mirra Andreeva won the Grand Slam 6-2, 6-1 against Alison Riske-Amritraj of the USA. Wimbledon and US Open runner-up Ons Jabeur easily beat Italian Lucia Bronzetti 6-4, 6-1
In the midst of the unemployment crisis, the government's policy on how to combat this increase in unemployment among the youth by encouraging and assisting them to stand on their own feet, to create opportunities for earning In the ways of the new age, the new way of thinking, it should go hand in hand with this purpose from home.
Other programs on this day included the distribution of relief items to the disabled to help them for their livelihood.
“After this, it was in 2022 that HANM, JNC and other leading organizations in Khasi and Jaintia Hills have established a branch called the Save Hynniewtrep Mission. The nine demands should be implemented immediately and various protests have been held across the area such as rallies, public meeting programs and slogans. The mission also demanded ILP as one of the main issues to remind the government that it should implement it because the central government has passed the CAB or CAA. “The Khasi language should be recognized and included under Article 5 of the Constitution of India”“When it comes to issues affecting the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills, The JNC and HANM have also worked together for the lives and deaths of our fellow citizens including issues related to the border disputes in different parts of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills. The JNC will also leave for Delhi to give its full support to HANM to show and urge the Central Government that it is time to grant the ILP in Meghalaya. He added that if the central government has done it in Manipur, why not in Meghalaya?
Resource: the source, the source is the source; lum is not covered.
At the same time, the Committee inspected all the equipment and requirements related to the construction of the new building from the use of rot, dewbilat and others, in order to avoid corruption or He said that the committee will inspect the building every day during the construction of the building.
After that they shall take them away from the shken, and shall throw them into the pit.
After completing his Intermediate Examination, he went to teach at St. Anthony's High School, Shillong.
However, the Seng leaders expressed their surprise that the government has not been able to replace the post even after calling for the vacancy, but until now no others have been appointed.
This means that he must be responsible for others to have a full life and live a happy life.
“According to the law, the appointment of MDCs in KHADC will be up to the state government but in GHADC the government will have to accept the names sent by the Executive Committee,” he said. news after the Cabinet meeting.
The time has come to surprise mankind before we die.
Isaiah 66:18 ; 19:24–25.
Firmly requested anyone who has found him to please call
In East Garo Hills, there are 2 cases including one returnee and one high risk.
Memo No.DC.XXVII/Genl/114/2008-09/8 (a) Dated Shillong, the 2nd June, 2009Copy sent to: –Joint Secretary to the Executive CommitteeKhasi Hills Autonomous District Council,Shillong.
Jyrwa said that in fact the state government should have called a meeting with the drivers, but now it has taken a decision alone, without thinking of the people.
“I'll leave at four o'clock so that I can come soon...” said Deisy. “It's earlier...” Bahnah agreed. Now Bahnah was glad that her brother had agreed.
Another incident that has caused a lot of suffering to the woman is the sudden death of the father of the children while he was cleaning the fields near the village not long ago.
The number of cases of coronavirus in Assam has risen to 346 with 17 new cases in the past 24 hours.
He said the ADCs should do a thorough research on the history of the leaders of the jaitbynriew.
He said that TB should be taken seriously and this disease can only be cured through proper treatment.
Therefore, the union requests all the Waheh Shnongs and Life Members from East and West Jaintia Hills to attend on this date.
The Church in the early days was a new group in society - a group that replaced the old and corrupt society, a group that stood against the corruption of the rulers and the a society that has lost its identity.
We don’t speak out without information.
Members of the union found 10 Dkhars hiding behind the truck. The union has investigated these Bangladeshis and found that they did not have any documents to prove that they were Bangladeshis. They were Indians, after that the Dkhars claimed that they were smugglers from Bangladesh.
We can see them beating priests, women believers including the priest's family.
He said that the scheme has been running since 2012 when Bah Founder Strong Cajee was MLA and requested the government to provide drinking water by pumping from Shiliang Um Nongpathaw. Mawlai MDC Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, Mawlai MDC, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, has been able to implement this water supply scheme which has been dreamed of for decades.
The Government has sanctioned about 300 posts for 9 colleges in the state including 3 colleges in East and West Jaintia Hills and 1 in Ribhoi District. , 2 colleges in West Khasi Hills District and 3 colleges in Garo Hills District.
On this occasion, Bah BW Phira Superintending Engineer PWD (R) Jowai Circle Jowai announced the allocation of funds for these development works including the improvement of the road in Jowai with the assistance of the World Bank MITP 33.00 km worth Rs 28 crore, Internal Roads at Mihmyntdu 6.677 km under RIDF-XXVII worth Rs 5 crore, construction of the bridge connecting KNB to Thomas Jones College worth Rs 80 lakh; Construction of 2.779 km PWD road in Sabah Muswang worth Rs 2 crore, construction of 22.30 km Demthring-Sohmynting-Moodymmai Road worth Rs 45 crore, Internal improvement of village road Village Road) in Niriang with a length of 2.08 km worth more than Rs 1 crore, the construction of the PWD road from Madan Thadlaskeiñ to Mission Aitnar to Mutong including the construction of water tanks worth Rs 2 crore. to Rs.84, 14,37,0
Khliehmawlieh Youth Club and Rangdajied United FC have reached the final of the Meghalaya State League 2023 after winning on Tuesday.
The work was divided into five groups in October 2019 and June 2019 to complete 18 months.
The whole world was amazed at this six-day battle that Israel won by capturing Jerusalem from their Arab enemies.
Meghalaya has not been able to produce fish even after the implementation of the State Aquaculture Mission since 2012 which has also provided schemes to farmers to dig ponds to raise fish across the State.
There have been attempts to bring about reconciliation, but those have not been successful so far.
The Achik Organization for Social Welfare (AOSW), a NGO in the area, said the outbreak was caused by eating contaminated fish and poultry from Assam. injected with drugs for perpetuation in poisonous fish and birds.
The MCA has already started work to announce the tied ball ground, by bringing in new ground and new plants before the Covid-19 pandemic with the support of the BCCI. Ashish Bhowmick, recalled the progress of the construction of the stadium since he visited before the outbreak of Covid-1
Meanwhile, the CEO said that with the announcement of the polling day, the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) has come into force instead of holding elections where the government can no longer announce schemes. new until the end of the election.
Nongpoh, Lber 11: Leaders of the SRSRB today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh at the Circuit House, Nongpoh. He reminded that many of the works have been completed in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in Ri-Bhoi District.
Earlier, the Principal of the College, Dr D Wanswett welcomed all the officials, students and those who attended the meeting.
After that, they gave Mawlieh and Mawshai a gift.
The 15 players and team members who have been announced will leave for 10 to 12 days for the preparation of the team before the start of the tournament. The location of this camp will be announced later.
Jowai, Naitung 03: The Union of Waheh Chnongs Jowai (UWA) has received complaints from the residents regarding the increase in the price of gas which should reach the homes of gas consumers in Jowai.
As usual every five years, the same wind has been blowing and will continue to blow while the people are still busy with the phone calls of the candidates or various groups preparing for the elections whether it is from for the MP elections to be held soon next year and also for the MDC elections which may be held later.
Wanlam Nongkhlaw scored for Tariang FC in the 3rd and 38th minutes while Younis Suchen scored for Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC in the 15th and Atlan Kharmaw in the 31st minute.
Vehicles arriving before 10:00 AM on Sunday will enter directly through the village to the parking lots on the road to Mawdohnud (Laitmawsiang).
Manthan, who also scored one of the EKH batsmen, was named player-of-the-match.
Not only physical health, but also mental health is essential for complete health.
There is no escape from that giving and receiving but it is not as the people have been accused and misled.
There is an Act-Meghalaya Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorized Occupants) Act 1980, which can arrest and expel vendors and confiscate their goods spread on pedestrian streets. there is? Why don't they go regularly to these places to see the problems of the people? Under this Act, which is a stieh iada, which has been enacted since 1980, the Governments of these years have done for the sake of the law.
“Since the issuance of this notice to the families of the 50 people who died in prison since 2012, the families of those who have died in connection with such deaths will be allowed to have The High Court said that the case will be held on 28th July 2023,” the High Court said.
It is also important that if you support a candidate, you stop talking face to face. You cannot hide your thoughts behind the scenes even if you confirm a principle that you did not intend to achieve. speak clearly or cannot speak clearly but a bright and sweet face filled with the spirit of the desire to bring good and stand on the basis of the ability to ensure rights but remember if you are still struggling and being deceived you will not see anything because wealth will blind your mind and will make you happy only in the present but every day of these five years will keep your life clean.
“Whether we will work together will depend on the decision of the party leaders in Delhi, we have to obey their orders, as it is now we are with the Congress as the party has decided since “There has been no change in the party's decision,” he said.
A. From the beginning of the country's suffering, To Bei Government, Please judge.
In the 2023 MLA election, Hamlet and Jason contested from the NPP and lost.
The price of diesel in Delhi will be T.79.88 while the price of petrol will be T.
In June 2016, the Committee for the Evolution of the New Education Policy under the leadership of Late TSR Subramanian, former Cabinet Secretary, submitted its report.
He said that the NHAI office together with the contractors of the Highway Project are trying their best to repair the road and also to take action to repair the road and promised to construct the NH-6 from Jowai to Ratacherra is a good and safe road.
He said that several proposals have been sent to strengthen the work of the department and the government has already approved the proposal.
Copies of the letter have also been sent to the Deputy Commissioner of Police, the Superintendent of Police and the Doloi of Rymbai District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday urged the people to be proud of their culture through the celebration of Wangala. .
) through the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has banned the polling stations.
On the other hand, the Minister of State, Dr. MM Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Government is working with KAS to fight for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in Schedule 8 of the Constitution.
If the BJP wants to rule, it has to do things that are for the benefit of the people.
Barcelona have agreed a signing for Vitor Roque from Athletico Paranaense and the Brazilian forward will be ready to join the Spanish club from the 2024-25 season until the LaLiga championship club on Tuesday.
“We have not yet discussed the issues of ILP, uranium, border dispute and others,” said Bah Ardent.
She said that in Meghalaya alone, 47% of the population is 15 years old or older.
Nongpoh: Police of Byrnihat Police Outpost, with the help of the residents of Nongpoh, have seized a Tourist Taxi at 6:45 pm this morning. Your number is ML-05-J-5
Dhankhar said he did not like that some people protested instead of following the law when they were arrested for corruption.
Ampareen Lyngdoh, a longtime leader, said that the initiative of the Central Government is good to bring about the participation of the people and to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of the gaining independence in a balanced way.
She invited everyone to visit the Institute for themselves to see for themselves and get more information.
I tried 5.6 times and it was the same, when I put it in my right hand, but it didn't hold at all, when I put it in my left hand or on my feet,” said Jyothi. the fever and chills of the body, after being injected with corona.
There is no respect and compassion even for children, as happened to a 7 year old girl in Bynther who was killed by her own mother, there is no peace for women.
The teams in the tournament include India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Nepal.
The total number of cases has risen to 2,353 and the death toll has risen to 1,5
Besides the DGP, Home Secretary KS Kropha, Social Welfare Secretary PW Ingty and other government officials were also present at the summons.
A 23-year-old woman from Madhya Pradesh has gone to court to divorce her husband on the grounds that he has not been able to sum and clean for months.
As the HPC informed that it is still considering the proposal and the blueprint, the court has given them four months to respond and after that it will hear the case again.
In October, the Indonesian government estimated that 84 people had died from the coronavirus in Jakarta, but the number of funerals in the city exceeded 10,0
He said that the intention is not to oppose the KSCL Bill but they want to give their opinion on some issues that may affect the community.
Shillong: The clash between the supporters of the interim Rangbah Shnong, Bah Bikendro Kharbani and the supporters of the former Rangbah Shnong of Mawpen, Bah Angelos Dewkhait, continued yesterday. The former Rangbah Shnong has come back to accuse the Syiem of Bhwal Hima, Pa'iem Kynsai N Syiem and the Acting Rangbah Shnong.
Therefore, instead of cleaning the ring dong, we went freely to the churches of both kinds.
“Modi thinks he is still the Chief Minister of Gujarat and even after being the Prime Minister of the country for two years, he thinks he is the Prime Minister of India. , not the Prime Minister of the country".
Nongstoiñ: As part of the efforts to curb the spread of crime and illegal activities in the Nongstoiñ market and to bring peace to the people and market dwellers, the office of the Superintendent of Police of West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Senglongkmie, VDPs and the office of the Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima today conducted a surprise raid in the entire Nongstoiñ Market.
“We also urge Roshan Warjri as the Minister of Education in our state to take action on the demands of the teachers according to their rights,” said EC Dkhar President JSU Shillong Circle in a statement.
Nongstoiñ, March 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District today met with the District Forest Officer with a letter, to submit to him not to issue a Clearance Certificate to the MD Ferro Alloys Factory located in The District Forest Officer of West Khasi Hills District, Umjaru Rwiang, said that he will send the matter to the relevant authorities.
When asked about the legal notice sent by former Chairperson Phidalia Toi, Paul declined to comment.
Here we see that God will never again destroy the earth with water.
AIS SujaLyiur is the rainy season, the time of storms, the time of floods, the time of the most difficult times.
These people have sent letters without a public meeting in their villages and not only that but they have also misused the seals of the villages without the consent/information of the villagers.
When the family members of the girl, learned that their daughter had been raped by her own boyfriend, they lodged an Ejahar with the Pilangkata Police Station. and they took the young man.
On our own land we can set up factories, jobs, we can hold our own income and governance but if we don't have only a piece of land it means we don't have anything.
“Where shall I go for protection?” The BSP MP said that the words used by Bidhuri were words that insulted and angered all Muslims.
“However, when they have been silent for three months, the land owners have admitted that they have been cheated,” said the union leader.
Police said that on Tuesday night at 9:20 pm, cricketer Lakhan Singh was blocked near Anjalee Petrol Pump and not only blocked, but also shot by people. while he was on his way home to Jhalupara.
In this tournament, Laitkroh won the Futsal title and PFR came second.
The Vatican has postponed the Easter celebrations, which were scheduled to be held on June 5, 2020, as Italy is at high risk of the coronavirus.
Then he shall be consecrated Priest of God until he is consecrated by the High Priest, the Bishop, and the prayers and consecration of other Priests who participate in this ceremony and altar. the dupat of the consecration of the priesthood.
Shillong, Lber 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma has called on all political parties in the state to discuss ways and means to convince the Central Government to set up the Border. Commission to resolve the border dispute with Assam which has been going on since the creation of the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: The Village Administration Bill (VIB) was the subject of discussion in the last session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today.
When the French asked Syiem Sutnga, whose kingdom are these mountains? Syiem Sutnga replied “Apnar” which means mine.
According to reports, the residents of the area suspected the vehicle and stopped the vehicle and found that the vehicle number ML 05 B 8983, The driver of the vehicle fled the scene.
Speaking to reporters, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that as he is now in the post of Chief Minister, he will continue to be in the future. that he shall continue as prime minister until the end of the five years.
The Chief Minister doesn't have time to think about the issues of the state but he is busy going to Delhi not only to collect money from Delhi but also to be caught in 40 kinds of fraud by the Delhi officials. .
The VDP, in compliance with the government's orders, has ordered all shops within the boundary of Panaliar village to close at 6.00 pm.
Anand Tiwari, IPS, SP, Guwahati, told Meghalaya Police that Mankanson W Sangma, a member of ANCA, has been arrested with firearms and is currently in the residence of robbers.
Furthermore, the union has found that the electricity department has a shortage of staff as expressed by the authorities after the meeting with the union. It wants the electricity supply in Ri-Bhoi to be proper and urged the MLAs to raise this issue in the House in the ongoing Synrai Dorbar for the benefit of the people.
The union also demands that the department should upgrade the three health centers from PHC to CHC including Rambrai, Maweit and Nonglang and the three Sub-Centres to be upgraded to CHC. PHCs including Malangkona, Kyrshai, Umdang, Seinduli and Umyiap.
The union also decided to inform the government and the leaders of the area regarding the development works in many villages from schools to colleges to drinking water supply systems and also to build water supply systems as soon as possible. Roads in the border areas like Borkhat, Huroi, Hingaria to Umkiang Ratacherra and others as well as the Saipung Block road as the roads themselves are the budlum of the villages in terms of trade, transportation. and the life and death of the villages.
For this reason, anyone or any intellectual is called PEH SYLLI. This means that they are intelligent and creative.
Jowai, Naiwieng, 06: As part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of the National Cadet Corps (NCC), one of the groups that encourages students to join the army, on Tuesday started The rally was held by vehicle in nine states in the North East on the theme, “Navigating Challenges, Forging Leaders.
He said that in order to curb the illegal entry of mynder, the government has appointed a director of the infiltration department and the plan to appoint about 117 employees of this department is in progress. .
On the other hand, the NSUI urges the government to introduce policies to resolve the conflict between the haves and have-nots in Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 17: On the allegation that the KHADC has not invited all those who approved and opposed the MAPL, the EM in charge of Trade and Industry of the District Council, Bah James Sylliang, on Tuesday said that the KHADC has not invited all those who approved and opposed the proposal. He said that the allegation is false but he has invited all those who oppose and those who agree, but he said that the opposition did not attend the hearing, which was held today.
The Khasi-Jaintia people are included in the last category, the Ancestral Austro-Asiatic (AAA).
An unidentified man has thrown stones and stabbed at motor vehicles of residents in Phramer, West Jaintia Hills District on Friday.
Speaking to Rupang, Dr Bom said he has not received any news about this or maybe it has not reached him.
“It is wrong to say that I will contest from these two constituencies. I want to make it clear that I will contest only from Mairang,” he said.
This is indeed a sign of the strongest struggle of the bri u Hynniewtrep and a great shame in our State which has reached this point to burn the effigies by the groups of “Ka Bri u Hynniewtrep “The biggest fear is the end of our government and the Assam government's Give and Take policy in which we have understood clearly from the beginning that we will lose without anything. ei also because we don't have the right to cross the border to the neighboring places.
Police have registered a case and are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident.
He alleged that MeCEL supplies electricity only to the cement factories in Narpuh area and deprives the residents.
Thank God that these things went smoothly even though they were not good.
Rijied passed away on Tuesday 3rd March 2020 at 8.20 pm at the Civil Hospital, Shillong, after suffering from Aspiration Pneumonia along with Covid cancer.
The 15 schools which the KSU has demanded from the DC to conduct an inquiry into the shortage of teachers include the Lower Primary School in Nongkhrah, Mawbsein, Ingsaw, Umtasor, Raitong; Nongkya, Mawkba, Lymphuid, Korhadem, Iamkhong, Nongbirlum, Nongsier, Jirang and LP School located at Pynker 'B' village.
It is not the usual method of fishing, but they use naturally occurring fish such as trees or leaves.
The CEM said that Saitsohpen has an area of ​​1750 acres but three pawa of these areas have been forcibly occupied by the government which means 1312 acres have been taken away. 400 acres but besides that, he said the government has just taken back 106 acres which means only 300 acres are occupied by the people.
Nongstoiñ: The Dorbar Shnong New Nongstoiñ, on Tuesday, 5th November, 2013, has visited the temporary garbage dump at Dong Spengthawlangmlah. If anyone fights against the village, they will be fined or punished according to the law.
He said the party will soon take a decision on cooperation with political parties in New Delhi.
Vajpayee decided to retire from contesting elections in 2005 and retired from politics in 2009 after suffering a stroke and later suffering from illness. dementia.
Shillong: The FKJGP West Jaintia Hills has demanded that the DC should order them to increase the price of food items, food items and other items. Shops around the country should put up price lists, so that people know the prices of the goods, because besides the price there are others who sell more, and in this regard.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 53 cases and these include 29 high risk cases, 15 cases of fever and 6 cases in Panaliar.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: A few days before the start of the Budget Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the CEM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, was shocked by the dress code of the Daju Iewduh; The KHADC and the Hima Myliem have decided to wear the uniforms of the Daju who have not been able to wear the uniforms, and this has led to the CEM of KHADC. to go down himself to meet the Daju at the police station of Syiem Mylliem.
The body of Wanda was taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem and the funeral service will be held tomorrow morning at 11 or 12 noon.
This shows the government’s resolve to take a tough decision, but one that it feels is the most appropriate.
In addition, a program of meeting was held between the teachers of the Seng Khasi and the traditional teaching staff of the Sein Raij, around the lyngwiar dpei ba syiad. The meeting was conducted by Bah Païa B.Synrem, Asst.Genl.
Shillong, November 22 : The BJP in the state has strongly criticized the TMC for not making promises to the people. The gangs in West Bengal are now turning to commit the same crimes in the state.
I was surprised when I arrived in Nongkrem constituency, the crops were only rice, kubi and muli, while the soil and hills were fertile.
He said that according to current estimates, the government will have to spend about T 2.5 crore per annum to assist the farmers and this will be done every year.
The Governor said in a statement that he has discussed the matter with the Election Commission of India for the implementation of Article 192 (2) of the Constitution. on the same day and the matter has not remained on the desk of the Governor, said the statement.
Shillong: On the third day of the Synrai Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly on 14th November 2021, Bah George Lyngdoh, Congress MLA from Umroi Constituency, raised the issue of The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the government has been working hard to improve the quality of food in the state. Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Mohendro Rapsang, Charles Pyngrope, Mayralborn Syiem and Himanta M Shangpliang to discuss the issue.
He said that Bull has only two brothers, he is the first and he has a sister and she also attended the memorial service organized by the KSU and HYC. Lyngdoh contested the mid-term elections from Laitumkhrah-Malki constituency in 1990 and won. He died in 1994, said his mother.
On the other hand, they regretted that the Home Minister has not promised to hand over the investigation to the CBI. They said they will wait until March 30 to get the government's report on the incident.
Jowai, July 15: The XVI Annual Youth Convention of the Diocese of Jowai, which started on 12th January 2024 at the Marianhill Higher Secondary School, Jowai, ended today. January 2024, with the participation of about 2,400 youth of the Church from the 15 Parishes of the Jowai Diocese.
During the meeting, she also wrote to the DC to request the DC to expedite the work, as it has already been approved by the government in the past years. In other districts of the state, these entry and exit gates have already been implemented and are running smoothly while in West Khasi Hills, they are still pending.
Many of the residents have tried to buy water at a reasonable price by witnessing that the water farmers who bring water have to transport it from far away until it costs about Rs.1,000 / - (One Thousand Types) only about 1,000 Liters.
“It is Bah Ardent who is the planner and designer on this issue just because of the lack of power,” said the official. These districts and those people are the victims who are ready to participate as he says.
Here we will understand clearly that we have achieved a great victory in which we will regain peace and harmony in the rule of law which will be a blessing to us, the poor, the rich and the poor.
“We have informed the district authorities and we have also spoken to the Electricity Department.
He said that the movement of other parties under the Sur ki Nong Mawlai to the Sur Bri U Hynniewtrep depends on their will, which they themselves will understand.
All three are residents of Mawlai Phudmawri.
This is exactly what happened during Covid-19,” said a commercial taxi driver.
It means that the leader of the Russian Empire and his army will be destroyed in Israel.
The meeting between the two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya held at the Assam State Guest House, Koinadhara in Khanapara, Guwahati on Saturday (30th November, 2023) also decided to withdraw the Assam Police and Meghalaya Police from their patrolling posts on the border of Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills districts especially in the Lapangap area to restore confidence in the area of ​​conflict.
The groups selected from the state to take part in this festival are Bah Dajied Sing Kharkongor and his group, followers of Kong Silbi Passah and the Aroha Choir.
The scheme is to be implemented in many areas of activity, from tourism, factories, agriculture, shops and others.
Sources in the health department who did not want to be named said that the money was spent in the name of the COVID-19 pandemic and most of the money came from the central government.
Sambor Surong, President of West Jaintia Hills District Adventure Sports and Mountaineering Club, said that these food items have been distributed to the poor families as part of their efforts to support them during this time of crisis.
Shillong, July 09: The KHNAM, Youth Wing and KSU Jaintia Hills have demanded that the state government should invite the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) to the table.
He arrived in the city after performing with Ed Sheeran in Mumbai on 16th October 2024 as part of their Global Tour.
The market is one of the most crowded places and the reason is not because there are many shoppers, but the main reason is because the authorities in charge of the market cannot control them. The public does not own the goods only inside the shops or markets that have been allocated to them.
It is the duty of the mother or woman to do so, for this duty has been appointed by God, who is the Creator.
South Shillong MLA and Chairman of MTDC, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday directed the PHE department not to release the bills of contractors who do not implement the contracts. in different parts of the South Shillong constituency according to the rules and regulations.
Senior Congress leader and former Governor of Meghalaya MM Jacob passed away on Tuesday at a private hospital in Kerala.
“It is because the elders of the Hima have wanted me to register for the temporary duties appointed by the Executive Committee of KHADC. ," he said.
After investigation, the police found that these foreigners did not have Labor License to come to work in the state and the police and members of the union sent back these foreigners.
Speaking to media, NPYF President Kitborlang Nongrem said, “Before the formation of the MDA government, it was the UDP leaders who proposed the name of Conrad as Prime Minister. They themselves have supported this government so far, so to accuse that the opening of various projects is just an election rigging, is unacceptable.
Tony Marbaniang is the son of Judygrace Marbaniang and Lashwa Khongsni.
He said that the union has demanded from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to allocate funds for the construction of the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO).
In the past few months, they have seen the Report submitted in the form of a Discussion Paper written by Prof. Ramesh Chand, a member of the NitiAayog with the assistance of the United Nations Development Agency. According to the UNDP and the Oxford Policy and Human Development Initiative, the projection for the year 2022-2023, the poverty rate in Meghalaya is 27.79 per cent.
BD Marak, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, has spoken on the need for drivers to be disciplined, obey the rules and regulations. driving a car.
The village has also demanded that the state government should listen and implement the demands of the village which has already sent a petition to the government since the 25th of last month regarding the incident. sorry for the village.
Ah the baby! Therefore, the Khasi brother will run away from the Khasi shop and buy from MaKhar because from him, you can choose or kynsher, kynther as you want, Makhar himself will help you to kynsher, kynther with the words of encouragement. ban thied – even if you ask for too much price, Makhar tries to calm down. thied, he said to the tipbriew as if he had a good smoke. “I'm happy... I'm sorry”.
The Sohphan Mission was launched in 2018 to promote sohphan cultivation and marketing for five years and was implemented by the Directorate of Food Processing.
But the Word of God tells us that when these wise men arrived in Jerusalem, they forgot the star and went into the palace of King Herod.
Furthermore, the support of the people to the party which stands firmly on the foundation of politics and clean and true democracy gives hope that one day Meghalaya will become an example to others. but in the good rule of nature, which is not to be proud of.
Only one or two days after the reports were written, the same leaders went to the supporters of their constituencies and told them that they were lying to the journalists.
“As young people and brothers and sisters, we face not only difficulties, I am sorry to say, that we are accused even if we do what is right in life, we see in these days that evil has increased. and what began in the homes of Christians and when we see these things has the Church of God begun to move away? The pastor asked.
A police spokesman said there were no people in Yeshiva Gedola at the time of the incident and gunshots were heard at the school at about 5:00 pm. 00 pm and as there were no people in the area, no one was injured in the incident.
“I'm a phan, I'm a shriew" “I'm a Behari, I'm a Khasi" “I'm a Punjabi, I'm a Khasi" “I'm a Nepali, I'm a Khasi" I'm a Bangali , I'm a Khasi" “I'm a Bangladeshi, I'm a Khasi.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi today said he has decided to step down as Congress President and that the party will have to find another leader. Rahul Gandhi has refused to meet with the newly elected MPs who wanted to meet him, but has only met with the MPs. Ahmed Patel and KC Venugopal and said that he had made it clear to them that his decision was clear to resign.
He said that in the past years, Manipur was like Meghalaya, there was not a single BJP MLA and now it has suddenly increased to
In the second half, the match was 1-1
kōmno-re-kumno : which is not able to speak the truth.
The PROGRESS scheme aims to preserve the livelihood of farmers through the breeding of domestic animals.
Dr. James, one of the leaders of the group, who is also the Lecturer of Theology of Christianity, Jorhat and Head Department of Theology of Christianity, said that the sermon started on the 14th of June. and they planned to finish by the 22nd which meant they would be traveling around the Northeast for about 9 days.
" Amen.
He said that there are many who have spoken that cannot be explained, criticisms against him especially the use of the word heh spah.
On the other hand, the Union also opposes the appointment of Garo Rangbah Shnongs in the Raid Marwet Villages of the Hima Mylliem and as the Union, it relies on the Hima Mylliem to implement and follow the rules and regulations. The custom is that the Garo do not have the right to be Rangbah Shnong in the Raid or Hima in Khasi Jaintia except in the Garo Hills.
In Mumbai, the price of petrol has risen to T.90 per liter by Rs 28 per litre.
The doctor is Dr Sanjoy K Shylla of Wahiajer village and works at Khliehriat Civil Hospital.
“When we express our concern to work together to introduce measures to curb the entry of foreigners, it is the duty of the state government to take action on the allegation,” he said. he said.
The Tata Authorized Service Station is owned by MH & Sons Enterprise, Turoi Kyndait and Marbaitkiwot Iakai. The factory will be the fourth in the state out of more than 1500 in India.
The DKRRSRBD has also condemned the non-release of T.13.99 crore for the Nongpoh Irrigation River Management, as well as the suspension and amendment of the Village Administration Bill (VAB), the State Zoo and the construction of the Village Administration Bill (VAB). for Central Agriculture University.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
Many PSEs or Corporations, not only MEEDCL, but MTC, MGCC, MTDC and others, many of them have turned into Sick Units, which have turned into horse carriages.
The group also strongly condemned those who try to carry out such attacks on individuals and families, belonging to the Christian faith and ethnic minority groups, by shooting and They persecuted them and drove them out of their homes and villages.
A trader from Wahthapbroo, Shillong who owns a large shop on GS Road near the market before went to the Wahthapbroo market.
They feel that if the NPP candidate is elected, he will be the NDA candidate, but if he is elected from another party (UDP), he will be an independent candidate without being elected to the BJP. .Such a candidate will be able to speak against in the Rajya Sabha on any issues affecting the country and the people like CAA, ILP, etc. The Congress party which has 19 MLAs in the Assembly has said He did not support the Non-NDA candidate for the Rajya Sabha.
He said that even the Court through former Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W. Diengdoh in its decision on 2/6/2022 has stated that the Hima Sohra Syiemship has the authority to collect taxes. decision upholds the judgment of the single arbitrator dated June 13, 2022.
There is a feeling that there is no difference whether you elect any party in government because everyone has become the same.
Jowai: November 28: The Amlarem Development Corporation (CDC) in a statement said that it will hold a public meeting on the 31st November 2022 at Syiem Jingsuk Amlarem West Jaintia Hills District.
There are 47 candidates whose wealth is between Rs 2 crore and Rs 5 crore, while there are 103 candidates whose wealth is between Rs 50 lakh and Rs 2 crore.
The incident occurred during the protest against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) called by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and other political parties in Ichamati. police source.
Dr. T. Vanlaltlani, MTA and the speaker of the service was Rev. R. Lalnunzira, Secretary, NEICC. Rev.R.Lalnunzira reminded that there is no one who can give peace to mankind except Christ, and said that many people now have turned away. They don't know that they can't get peace from the world, but if we want true and eternal peace, we must trust in Christ. .
The Vice President of the union, Bah Bristar Mawthoh, said that the shopkeepers and shopkeepers in the area should not invite the owners to work or give shopkeepers to the Dkhars because one day the area will be destroyed. The land of the Khar Poei will be changed as has happened in other places in the city where it is difficult to see Khasi and it is also a threat to the land owners.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: Three candidates for the mid-term MDC elections in three constituencies in the KHADC today came to file their nomination papers.
The availability of this buffer stock is very important in two ways.
He said that at present nothing can be said on the roster as they have not received any clarification on this.
Without turning around, there is only strife, strife, strife and no one thinks about the future because the dog in the manager policy is riding on our leaders.
It cannot be carried.
In terms of the Constitution through the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raij, Dorbar Hima, the government has not yet recognized even if they are sufficient tools to synrop in the Khadar rule in the state.
At the same time, the claim that the Trai Ri live in remote areas and refuse to interact with other ethnic groups is also a misleading explanation because if we live in remote areas In the middle or northern part of India, we can see that the eastern part is on the border and in the countryside.
"Mei, tell Bah seh not to get a tattoo on his shoulder," said the child in a low voice. "Oh! he does that!" “You don't see?” said the son. “Yes, I don't remember,” replied the mother.
Another CNN report said Ukrainian troops shot down several Russian helicopters flying around Kherson International Airport.
Prestone said the opposition leader should stop making political issues over the border issue.
On Saturday last month, leaders of the KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit together with the leaders of Majai Umdud Village visited the road before tied. the State Government.
Shillong, Nailur 30 : The Inter Village Football Tournament organized by the Youth Congress Mendipathar kicked off on Thursday at Thapa Agitchak. He also opened the door for the football tournament.
He said that even after the corruption cases in the state, the CBI and ED have never investigated against any minister in the government. The BJP and the ruling parties are involved in this.
Shillong, November 21 : The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday (21-12-2022) held a 10 km marathon for men and 5 km for women. .
The SDPO said that the purpose of the rally is to bring about closer cooperation between the VDPs and the police.
Drones with laser guided missiles are not available.
Dr. Evarist Myrsing and his supporters were welcomed by the State President of the BJP, Bah Earnest Mawrie. Minister and BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai, BJP State Vice President David Kharsati and other party leaders from the state and Ri Bhoi District were also present.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Unit has expelled a foreigner who works as a manager at a petrol pump in Jowai after he was accused of raping a woman on Tuesday.
The celebration of Environment Day will not be meaningful if the Government is not vigilant about the threats facing the people in the next 15 and 20 years.
As a Khasi youth, I am more inclined to elect leaders from the Seng Riewlum, because I know that they understand better the wishes and needs of the people of the State as a whole.
With the resignation of Michael, there are now 17 MLAs who have resigned.
Lion Sports & Youth Affairs will play against SC Nangbah at 2:15 pm.
If the price of petrol/diesel increases, the price of vehicles should not be increased too much.
Jomsing Pariat scored 15 goals for Mookyndur while Damang Pyrtuh scored 34 goals for Khliehmynkrem.
