IV of September 11, 2023.
Man has been able to escape from the power of the world, and it is the duty of everyone to escape from the world's thoughts and anxieties and to open his mind and purpose to the light and light. of the atmosphere, which is also now, part of our universe.
Jowai, Jymmang 20: The body of one of the two abducted persons from Khliehriat East Jaintia Hills District has been recovered today.
In the sepngi song, Nagland won the first prize through Seyievinuo Chuzo with a cash prize of T.1 lakh while in the second place, Mizoral won through Lalramzauvi with a cash prize of T.1 lakh. T.50 thousand.
The Umsning-Jagi Road, which is a State Highway, should have received funds from the ADB, but till date it is not known where the project has reached.
Shillong: The number of cases of Covid-19 in the state today alone has risen to 20th June 2021 with the highest number of cases today compared to the previous days. who have passed away.
More than 30 IOs from across the state participated in the workshop.
He said that in the past, recruitment was done according to the vacancy, but the recruitment should be done according to the availability of posts, and that is the part that needs explanation to explain on this matter.
There was a ban on the journalists from taking pictures of the incident while the injured were inside , but after the talks they were allowed to take pictures and draw only a picture of the plane that has fallen to the ground.
However, the Khasi children had to use more than forty Bengali characters in writing and reading Khasi.
Boys aged 10-12 years old have been killed because they cannot support themselves at home.
If you look at the situation in these political parties in just five years, there has been a complete change; There are some political parties that have risen and appear to be stronger from one year to another, but there are also political parties that have collapsed to the point of doubt that they will be able to win again. election and there are other new political parties to contest the 2023 election.
“These youths have now understood how the government and especially their leader is not working properly, they have come to me to discuss and associate,” he said.
In this regard, the Khasi are also discouraged.
Other speakers on the occasion were Area Vice Chairman Robin Agarwala and Shillong Round Table Chairman Vikram Singhania.
The Meghalaya government today set up a committee for the rules or SOPs for the reopening of churches.
He said that the union has sought information from the ration distributors but they have replied that the reason is because they have not received any money from the government.
In the midst of such a crisis, a helper came forward.
Nongstoiñ, July 9: The 16th Plenary Session of the Union of Catholic Women of Nongstoiñ Diocese, on Sunday held a special service with the theme, “The Woman who The wise builds their house, but the foolish tears it down with their own hands", which is also based on the Old Testament of Proverbs 14 chapter 14.1This meeting was held at Divine Mercy Parish, Umdang, one of the villages in Shallang area, which started on Tuesday evening.
Punit Bisht scored only 16 runs today.
Informing the House, Speaker Mondal said he had received a letter from James K Sangma on 30th July expressing no confidence in the Speaker of the House. you have failed to manage.
The Minister handed over the keys to Bah Chanbor Rymbai, CEO of West Jaintia Hills Farmers Producer Company Limited.
It was only last month that they found him in Indore and found that he had married another woman.
The statue of Ram Lalla was placed inside the Ram Temple in Ayodhya on Tuesday afternoon.
Of these, 297 people have been killed and 550 injured in the fighting in the past 24 hours.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle has urged all the village leaders in Amlarem Sub Division to prevent foreigners from registering their names in the new electoral roll to curb illegal immigration.
Elton Cliff Warjri, Asst General Secretary, FKJGP Central Body, has ever appeared to serve the people of the State.
In an email interview with the Times of India, Modi said the BJP government aims to improve the human rights of all Indians, without discussing the you have faith.
Since the launch of the app, Rs 9.14 crore has been paid to ASHA workers across the state on time within a few months of its launch.
The newly introduced school curriculum is 5+3+3+4 with 12 years of schooling and 3 years of pre-school.
“We have set up groups and provided all the documents, but we have not received the scheme,” said many members of these groups.
It also believes in an unfettered market and market, and private profit; it does not think of the welfare or the common good and does not value life.
Goyal said the two teams will be sent to different parts of East Khasi Hills to ensure that there will be no disruption in the election.
This is the emptying and surrender of Jesus Christ Himself, and is the essence of His life and thought. In Greek it is called "Kenosis" which means the emptying of Himself with Jesus. Christ emptied himself, made himself nothing, and gave his life for others.
He said that they have decided to inform the DC to evacuate the Assam police who came to set up camp at Lumumshyrngat which is still within the boundary of the Lapangap Dorbar Shnong.
What we buy is a happy hunk because it is research that we will wear well.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that the people involved in human trafficking include not only those gangs from within the State, but those gangs from abroad as well.
The match was between Tynnai Sports Club and Jerlang Sports Club.
When asked whether the party will demand an investigation, Kharjarin said it is up to the government to send an inquiry.
She also explained the importance of mental health and that we should take care of ourselves. .
New Delhi: Bangladesh Foreign Minister AK Abdul Momen has canceled his visit to India to protest against the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill.
After this, with the prayer led by Rev CL Laloo, the memorial was unveiled by the company officials and the ribbon was cut to enter the church. .
Pamrakmai Village has 16 AAY Cards, 176 PHH Cards and 24 Non-NFSA Cards.
The widespread destruction of the environment is also like we have deceived ourselves, because it is the environment that gives us life and protects us.
Aditya and Manthan Dey took two wickets each for St. Anthony's.
Monkiru Shyrmang, who was arrested by the East Jaintia Hills District Police on 1st July on suspicion of murdering (L) Lita Ryngkhlem of Wapung Shnong, has recently been granted bail for the rape of a woman.
“We never thought that we would have such a big school.
According to him, the drug-related incidents have been registered under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act 1985; However, as there are some provisions in the Act such as Section 64 A of the Act, it opens the door for drug users to escape from the hands of the law.
Magistrate Lula invited anyone who has information about the incident to come to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat from 11:00 AM to 3:00 PM before the 8th July. of the prophets on this occasion.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Many Dorbar Shnongs who are keen to eradicate drugs from their villages have submitted a proposal to the Social Welfare Department for the construction of Rehabilitation Centers in their villages.
Exodus 11:1-7.
When the French Officers first informed their superiors about this country, they called it the Cossyah Mountains or the Khasia Mountains.
In West Khasi Hills, out of 133 cases, 14 cases in Domphet Khniang, 9 cases in Kynshi Mawria, 13 cases in Mawkarah, 12 cases in Mawphanniew, 7 cases in Nongdom, 10 cases in Nongkhlaw, 5 cases in Nongpynde, 1 case in Nongpynde. , 4 cases in Porsohsat, 7 cases in Pyndengrei, 4 cases in Rambrai, 5 cases in Sohma and 6 cases in Upper New Nongstoin.
According to a statement from the President and Secretary of the Union, Kong S Khathing and Kong W Kharkongor, they said that they do not want such incidents to happen again. in society.
The Earth on which we live is one of nine celestial bodies called planets, which dance and revolve around a bright star called the Sun.
Bevan is the youngest child of Scolastica Nongkhlaw and Valentine Kharmawphlang. He has five siblings.
Because if you turn to social media, you will be criticized, insulted, created all kinds of false images by people who follow you to deceive this leader and leader of the people.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya government has already sent a full report to the Indian government on Star Cement.
At 3 pm on Thursday, while the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya and Bah Syrti were holding a meeting with the Khanduli Village Leaders, a report came that the Karbi villagers had been killed. Another house was burnt down in the lyngkha near the cemetery and the Assam police station.
Across the country, the heat has spread to the point that some states have had to close down schools.
“The parties in power, when they realized that they cannot divide the Congress, have just deceived our people when we look at this mid-term election if there is no division of the Congress. Vote for the Congress and you will win.
So we need to think – to ask questions, to think again and take action how we will act.
The situation in Shillong has been tense and the internet has been shut down by the government after the incident.
The investigation team has examined and consulted many witnesses and documents produced by the Assam Forest Police, the State Police and various organizations.
In his speech, he told about his life during the time when he was addicted to drugs and also taught the youths who took part in this tournament not to touch drugs or alcoholic beverages. evil because you have done it, you will not be able to break or free yourself from the chains of slavery.
Siddharth Goenka, Maina Goenka, Pooja Goenka as co-producers, Paulami Duttagupta/Pradip Kurbah as story & screenplay, cinematographer by Pradip Daimary, Editor-Lionel Fernandes, sound designer-Amrti S Pritam, Sync -Debajit Gayan, Music director-Anurag Saikia, Associate director-Akee Sorokhaibam, line producer-Tyrel R Lyngdoh, production designer-Trisanku K Sarma, chief assistant-Gordon Kharsyiemiong, Actors mentor-Lapdiang Syiem and publicity designer-Jesse A Kurbah.
“It is very sad that most of the names rejected in the draft NRC are from districts not bordering Bangladesh compared to other districts of other states,” Patowary said. .
It is time for parents to teach their children to avoid evil deeds and to be good citizens.
Until the end of the first half, no one could score which led to the tie breaker.
Ms Lyngdoh also praised the CSR department of Star Cement for working hard to develop talented people and paving the way for a brighter future, for conducting many training sessions. They also expressed their gratitude for the outstanding CSR activities of the company to improve income in the community.
Karen Khachanov 251514.
Their main goal is to buy MLAs with money. That is why horse trading has emerged.
So this man made money by cheating and built a house with illegal money.
In 2009 he won the FIFA Puskas Award for Goal of the Year.
Dr.C.Budnah, SM&HO and in charge of Diengpasoh PHC spoke on the efforts to prevent the spread of infectious diseases and other diseases during the implementation of the NRHM. Bah AS Mukhim, BDO Other speakers on the occasion were Bah ML Lawai, EE (Water Resources), SDO, Shillong, Meera Kharkongor, Project Officer, Mawryngkneng ICDS, Dr.P. CDLyngwa, ADC and NJ Saikia, M&CO, PIB, Shillong gave their welcome speeches and thanks.
These TMC supporters said that their defection to the NPP is due to the insult of TMC candidate Rupa Marak to their supporters who are also from the top leaders.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday, 4th June 2023, has announced that it is expecting to provide parking spaces for freight vehicles.
Thynroit scored 88 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 17.4 overs. Thynroit scored 88 runs for the loss of 10 wickets.
“It is not that they are offering me a ticket, but they are offering my name,” said Dr. Nonglait, explaining his nomination as one of the candidates for the MP election from the UDP. He was in Delhi for the National Seminar on the Khasi Language when he saw the news regarding his name. He said he had sought clarification from the party leaders on the matter.
Naresh Koch (50) and Niren Koch (40) were abducted while riding a bike to school at the time of the abduction.
This was announced by the Minister of State who is also the Chairman of the Regional Committee, Bah Paul Lyngdoh after opening a meeting in Nongstoin with the participation of 41 villages and various groups.
On the other hand, AL Hek said that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in its manifesto has made it clear that the BJP is strongly against corruption. He said that the BJP has not yet taken a decision whether to support or withdraw from the MDA government. He said this when asked whether the BJP will support the MDA if Conrad K Sangma does not withdraw. James Sangma has been appointed Minister of State for Home Affairs.
Conrad said the biggest danger facing Garo Hills now is if these members who have come to peace ask questions to the government, what is the assistance for them and what is the share. “What will the government respond to when there is peace in the dark without a clear agreement, which specifies how to do so and so on,” said the NPP leader. What is the way for these members who have stopped working to return to the forest to carry weapons?" Conrad said that the members of the peace agreement are still in financial difficulties and what the government will do for them. He said that they don't even know what is in the peace agreement. , what agreements.
All political parties preach to the people about the change they will bring when they win, and the people expect to see that change.
On the same day, the History of his life will be released.
She has joined the HSPDP which is also the party founded by (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, who belongs to the same family.
Zoramthanga told reporters that he wanted the people of the region to unite on the issue of the Indian government's plan.
For more information, please call 7085941454 at the DSO Nongpoh Office.
The union also suggested that the district authorities should complete the construction of a stronger bridge than the one allocated under the PMGSY scheme for 2017-1
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 85085 and out of these 83338 have recovered and 1485 have died.
The names of the candidates will be announced after the formation of the election committee.
The NSS Unit, Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat, celebrated the International Day of Yoga 2023 on Tuesday.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The turnout of voters in the mid-term elections in Nongstoiñ constituency held on Saturday was not much different from the turnout in the 2013 MLA elections.
These are not enmities between foreigners; however, it is between “Paradox-Parasnam”.
Speaking to media, the union leader, Bah Kitbok Nongphlang, said that the government has a law on employees, it should punish employees when it finds that they have done wrong. do too much.
Traffic passes through Israel before entering Gaza, but it is through these caves, specially built by Hamas militants, where weapons and even animals are stored. In 2008, Shadi Fayiz said that soon even an elephant would be able to pass through these crematoria to enter Gaza. .
The world's biggest billionaires, Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg, have agreed to fight each other in a cage match.
Some answered 'yes' and some answered 'no'
However, he was nominated as an MP in 1988 and became the first MP to be nominated under the Tenth Schedule.
These include a building for passengers, a building for goods, a warehouse, toilets for delivery drivers, a cafeteria where there are also washrooms , entry/exit point for passenger and freight vehicles, electric sub-station, rummaging shed, pump house, waste treatment plant and water storage.
The Union led by its President Commamder Shangpliang and General Secretary Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew has demanded that the Government should introduce a comprehensive Agriculture Policy for the state. The government's allocation of funds through the Producer Group has caused grief to many farmers who have worked hard to establish the groups.
After their victory, the Meghalaya Blind Football Team received trophies along with cash prizes.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that this rally will show the Government its support for the protest to amend the Reservation Policy. I'm going to play chess.
The village leaders who attended the meeting on Tuesday, also expressed their surprise over the report sent to the district authorities by the Assistant Extra Commissioner that the NHAI has not completed its work. to maintain up to 80 percent of the road.
Shillong, July 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Southwest Khasi Hills District has expressed its deep sorrow over the loss of our brothers and sisters and sent its condolences to the family of Bah Shanborlin Sohtun, Edwin Sohtun, Atiar Bilansel, Defender Bonni, Gracefully Jyrwieh and another 2-year-old child were involved in a tragic accident when their Bolero Camper tried to turn over. The incident occurred at Thieddieng village on the road to Thieddieng south of Mawsynram.
From these two persons, police have recovered 100 grams of Ganja which was wrapped in paper and ready to be sold.
He said that the government's lack of supply of pesticides with the intention of making them organic has cost farmers as they have to buy fertilizers at low prices and the government has eliminated them. it's a subsidy.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday approved a three-month budget of T.46.27 crore for the period from 1st June to 30th July,
hat off the village of Syngku.
:As part of the International Water Conclave 2024, the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has organized a District Level Quiz and Drawing Competition on the 3rd of June at the Conference. Hall, DC office, Jowai.
The Manipur government on Saturday extended the internet curfew until 3 pm on July 15,
and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.
Through this, I would like to request the officers to assist him in any task so that he can help you in the future,” said Bah Sokon.
Through these pamphlets, the organization has explained to the public how to protect themselves from this disease which has spread to almost all countries in the world.
The accident happened at 8:15 am when a motorcycle collided with an Eco Sports vehicle from Raliang.
He said the government under the leadership of the NPP has been able to build up to 4000 kilometers of roads in the last five years and has also brought assistance to the farmers.
Members of the Executive Committee are Merry Najiar, Lalu Lywait, Wequeen Najiar, Saya Shullai, Chalaur Challam, Ripnar Laloo, Synran Najiar, Samhaoo Laloo, Richan Chullai, Susalan Najiar and Soophilos Lywait. , Daemi Chullai, Dengsuk Laloo, Anikaru Laloo and Damon Chullai.
The Chinese know themselves as Zhongguoren, but they don't want people to call them Chinese or Chinese.
It is estimated that the incidence of the disease in this area is due to the fact that it is a cold and dry place and it is estimated that it is for this reason that it has become a place where there is a lot of infection. coronavirus disease.
“These videos and photographs are proof that coal mining and coal trade is still going on in Meghalaya, even after the NGT ban since 2016 and the Supreme Court order from 2016, 2017 onwards. ", the court said.
He has T.346,079 in SBI, Shillong Branch, T.101,757 in HDFC Bank, Byrnihat Branch and T.300,000 in Meghalaya Rural Bank, Jowai Branch.
Shillong, March 01: The VPP through its Vice President, Dr. Kara Shen, has sent a letter to the Director of NEIGRIHMS regarding the discrimination in the invitation for applications for the post. Nursing Officer at this hospital.
The Meghalaya team consists of Mrityunjay Bharali (captain), Mrinal Das (vice-captain), Dipankar Barua, Sachin Kumar, Ayushman Das, Snehal Dutta, Pushkar Raj Singh, Josiah Wanniang, Shavian Blah, Raghav Magotra, Bharat Gurung. , Jeremiah L Kynshi, Bosrang R Marak, Banialam Mylliem ngap, Gavineal Marpna.
They have been ordered to appear before the NIA on July 4, 2023.
It is clear that at the time of the State Government, which came into office on 21.01.1972, there was no such appointment on the basis of Roster, according to the announcement ( Resolution No. 222/71/138 dated 12.01.1972 It is to be recalled that on 12.01.1972, the Government of Meghalaya was still an Autonomous State when it was inaugurated by Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. on 2
In the FDI report for 2011 and 2015, the government said that the cause of forest loss in Meghalaya is due to agriculture and deforestation.
I understand because I have worked for many years.” Peter agreed. “Then how shall we decide on your suggestion to support me in buying a car?” asked the son.
If they are CEM, they will get up to T.1.60 lakh, if they are EM or Deputy Chairman, they will get T.1.44 lakh, if they are Chairman, they will get T.1.55 lakh and if they are Deputy CEM, they will get T.1.54 lakh.
“It's time for the owner to think about it,” said the first speaker. “If you give us only Rs.500, we'll be happy,” said the manager. “To ... to, it will change later,” said Peter. When it was 2 o'clock, they began to resume their work.
The indigenous groups have vowed not to take part in the elections if the government fails to implement the Nagaland Municipal Act
The Opposition has decided to appeal to the Governor and the High Court against the misuse of power by the Deputy Chairman.
The injured were rushed to Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
This enables them to support school until they complete their Degree or Master Degree or even to study abroad,” said the father and immediately got up to work in the fields.
The protest was held as a sign of strong condemnation of the failure of the Central Government to do anything to end the bloodshed in Manipur which has been going on for more than six months.
“We know that India has expressed its desire to join the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) and we as a state with this mineral resource, we will not allow our nation to become a victim.
“If the government does not act according to the order, the society will file a contempt of court against the state government,” said the statement.
The three cases, two male and one female, were confirmed positive last night at the Virus Research and Diagnosis Laboratory (VRDL) of RIMS, Imphal.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The CID has received an order to arrest the two sons of CM Jha, Headmaster of CMJ University.
Therefore, instead of being sad, let us rejoice and praise God that it is by a miracle by His mighty hand that His Kingdom has come to this earth.
Therefore, as part of the efforts to avoid the pollution of the valley, the village authorities of Huhuapara village have started collecting money from the people who visit the valley and The village authorities have also made slips to collect money from the people and the slips have shown that the valley belongs to West Khasi Hills District Meghalaya.
The condition of these two roads has been very disturbing from the villagers or residents of Raid Madan Kyrdem to others who have to travel and transport through these. the two roads, that is, from those who drive the car to those who ride the car.
“These three organizations including the KSU, FKJGP and HNYF have warned that if these issues cannot be resolved immediately, they will take another decision.
In the first leg on 19th November, Nangkiew Irat beat 3-1 goals.
Earlier, it was seen that there was a stir in Motphran, after the District Administration together with the Hima Mylliem ordered the people who sell clothes at Jingkieng Motphran not to allow them to sell clothes. It was after a few days that the district authorities came to erect a signboard on the Motphran bridge and after a while it was completely demolished.
It is not known whether they have received a license from the Syiem or not, as the CEM had ordered two months ago not to allow foreigners to sell or run shops without a license.
Bah Allan said that at present, due to the lack of such a place, the residents of Sohra throw garbage and garbage into the hills, rivers and creeks.
He said that this has been achieved because the government has taken action with the Indian government and also with the goal of completing those pending houses which have been on the list.
Three matches were played on the day.
During his visit, the Governor also had the opportunity to meet with various departments of the central government such as LPAI, BSF, Custom and their officers. District Administration including Superintendents of Police, PD-DRDA, SDO-Civil of Amlarem Civil Subdivision, Village Leaders and Rangbah Shnongs from neighboring villages.
In the second leg at 2:30 pm, Partner (Songdongktieh) Football Team beat Dombah Football Team 6 – 1 goals. C. Mawlein scored in the 14th and 51st minutes, Donald Khardewsaw in the 22nd minute, B. Snaitang in the 33rd minute, Zero Khardewsaw in the 48th minute and BL Snaitang in the 48th minute. in the 72nd minute.
He said that the department has tried to purchase electricity from the electricity companies but due to the lack of electricity, the department has fallen behind.
The life of this family is filled with poverty and the burden of their child who is in trouble.
The 11th Cash Prize Knock-Out Football Tournament 2021 will be held from today 16th November at Moopynieiñ Stadium, Wapungskur. East Jaintia Hills District.
He paid tribute to the former Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat constituency Bah (L) Rowel Lyngdoh who saw far ahead the need for such a hospital for the benefit of the people of this area. to improve and meet the needs of this hospital in the future.
“Forty years later, in 1962, Pope John XXIII convened the Vatican City Council and on March 11, 1962, the Council was opened with Bishop Stephen Ferrando of Shillong and Bishop Orestes. Marengo from Dibrugarh came to participate.
Leaders of the Sikh United came from all over the world on learning of the incident in Shillong where there was a clash between the Khasi and the Metor Khar.
Bah Sanbor also urged the people of the state to be wise and farsighted and not to succumb to the temptation to vote for the BJP especially as this election is an internal election. the Lok Sabha.
According to information received, these members of the NLFT came to surrender through the failure of the army to contact and explain to them; and also from the ability to appeal to them to come back to the path of peace so that they can resume a new life for the good and peace of the people. community.
At the conclusion of the Signature Campaign of JACAC in Bhoirymbong, Bah George B.Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, came to participate by signing at the place set up by the village leaders and others. group in Ri Bhoi.
Conclude this statement.
The DHS and Health Department have already conducted the Health Screening Test on the 30th of this month.
“We are in the MDA government with the BJP but we don't cooperate with the BJP,” he said.
He made the remarks at a meeting held to discuss the increasing number of people living in foreign detention centers who have stayed and entered the country illegally. , and this increase in their presence has overcrowded these areas and it has been necessary to consider repatriating them to their country of origin.
“The second is that the Central Government should implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act 1873 which the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has decided to implement in Meghalaya to protect against the smuggling of people from outside the state," he said.
This shows a lack of coordination between the regions, as the states of the Central, Eastern and North Eastern Regions receive only a small amount of Agri-credit as a share of their GDP from their agriculture.
Michael Thongni in his speech said that he is one of the teachers in one of the universities in Kerala and he resigned because he wanted to be in his own state to do something for the children. In 2014, he started serving in Nongstoiñ and He has now visited all the districts of Meghalaya and through this shlem he has become a source of hope for many youngsters.
“Therefore, the Dorbar was dismissed with that agreement and promised that if these things happen again, those who violate this village rule will be expelled.
However, Prestone said the Government has been able to take important decisions on many issues due to the presence of these consultants.
He said that the government's lack of responsibility in this regard has caused sadness to many youths in the state.
The Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 does not appear in any Paragraph of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, but the powers conferred on the Governor before the adoption of any MDC in , that is, in accordance with Paragraphs 19 (1) (b) and (3) of the Sixth Schedule, Governor Jairamdas Doulatram on April 22, of Laws Regulation, 1952 – and submitted to the President of India, (L) Rajendra Prasad, that is, in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (3) of Paragraph 19, for approval. ) of the President of India; and only on May 3, 1952, did the President give his assent, and thus it became a valid Act under the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong: Leaders of the Sikh United today distributed food items and fire extinguishers to the Metor residents of Them Metor.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has demanded that the government should deploy more police including SF 10 and SWAT in the area to protect the people. Nepali troops and Assam police.
The Constitution of India provides protection to the Indigenous Peoples of the North East under Articles 371 and the Sixth Schedule.
Police on receiving information about the incident, rushed to the scene and took the body to NEIGRIHMS Hospital for post mortem.
From the village came a religious Sister, 6 Tymmen Basan, 4 contractors, 5 traders, 20 mystery, 15 drivers, 4 dorji, about 5 khoh, shang, kriah. and other activities but most of the youth are unemployed.
The people want to see and hear, so those leaders, they should talk inside the House, because when they invite us to come and listen to them during the elections, we also listen to them for months.
In 2015, the Congress government had implemented a scheme worth T.125 crore to distribute blankets and other clothes.
The tournaments were held at Laban Indoor Stadium, Shillong Club, Madanrting Indoor Hall, NEHU, Mawlai Mawroh Community Hall, Mawlai Madan Heh, Crinoline Swimming Pool, Khlaw Malki, Shillong Golf Course, NEIGRIHMS and Sports Authority of India. (SAI) Training Centre.
The chief guest on the first day was Bah Samlin Malngiang while the chief guest on the second day was Bah Shape Paswet.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 15: In Nongtrai area under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, it was found that although the roads have reached almost all the villages and areas, but with the passing of the years they have deteriorated to the point that they are not able to improve the quality of roads. shisha doesn't drive a car.
“We rely on JACATAM because we see that the demands are sufficient,” said Bah Khardewsaw and added that all Adhoc LP schools in the state should please close down their schools. from 11th to 13th as decided at the rally at Malki Square to protest against the government's decision.
When inquired from the soldiers on the bridge, they declined to speak to the media, but when inquired as citizens, they said that the incident inside the bridge was only a mistake. It is small and does not take long to build and those who said it will take only a few hours and at the time of writing of this news, it was seen that the bridge is almost completed.
The Minister of Finance said that due to the success, the target for LakhpatiDidi has been increased.
It is to be recalled that even the PWD department and the District authorities have already banned the passage of overloaded vehicles from the bridge, but as of now, many overloaded vehicles have been pass through the bridge which has been placed in a real danger that the bridge will collapse or collapse.
He wrote the Federation of Khasi States in 2004 and plans to improve it under the title Ka Ri Khasi: The Plan to Transform It and another book, The Congress – Yesterday, Now and Where Next? in the year
Before the meeting with reporters, members of the opposition in the Legislative Assembly left the House immediately after the MDA government refused to withdraw from the proposal to issue work permits to Bangladeshis.
Speaking from the chair, the chairman, Bah Teinwell, cried in his heart to remember his parents who have passed away and said that it is a joy for him. and when he received the throne, he was no longer on this earth.
“In meetings with filmmakers from around the world, I have expressed that Meghalaya has a beautiful place like Sohra and other places and many wanted to see Meghalaya,” he said.
He said that Khanduli falls under the jurisdiction of West Jaintia Hills District and the Meghalaya government and therefore we condemn the baseless action of the DC of West Karbi Anglong District.
Beyonce has been nominated for the title four times but has never won it.
The surrounding mountains, you don’t see very well anymore; and ye see not the trees of the field.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Meghalaya High Court today summoned the former Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Adelbert Nongrum. Kiang Nang Bah) at 10 o'clock in the morning.
K. Borah, former Waheh Shnong, former MDC Violet Lyngdoh.
Another ordinance introduced at the Cabinet meeting is the Meghalaya Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act.
And while they looked stedfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two angels said unto him, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? This same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven” (Acts 1:10-11).
Furthermore, all ration recipients will have to wear masks at the distribution points.
Teinwell Dkhar was the EM of the former EC led by PN Syiem as former CEM, and is now the Deputy CEM of the new EC led by Ardent Basaiawmoit. as the current CEM.
During the hearing, the NGT also learned that the Jowai Municipal Board has sent a letter to the Urban Development Department requesting T.4 lakh for the preparation of the LD Choudhury, Spokesperson of the Jowai Municipal Board, said that the project is for the purpose of cleaning up the city, but the Urban Development Department has ignored the request for funds. (JMU).
Not only the vehicles, but some of its employees have received the money, which has been deposited with a time stamp in their names.
In his speech, he cried out, “Is serving one's mother part of doing good?”.
Shillong, March 13: The decades-old dream of the residents of nine villages including Mawsir, Mawdulop, Ksanrngi, Mawlang, Mawjatap and Siangkhnai to get colored roads will soon come true.
“After understanding that the implementation of the Roster System which they started in 1972 will have a serious impact on the job seekers, we decided to include it in the party's election manifestos.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 49161 and out of these 44067 have recovered and 831 have died.
This music will take place two months before the wedding day.
Go empty.
Shillong, Jymmang :The NSS Cell, NEHU today held a one day program on Yoga at the Community Hall, NEHU, in preparation for the celebration of the International Yoga Day. 21 July 2022.
“It is the duty of the government to protect the residents.
Samakha said that if the leaders of the Regional Committee suspend the work, it will be very difficult because next year the MLA elections in Assam will be held and it will take longer.
Nikhat beat Rio Olympics bronze medalist Ingrit Valencia of Colombia 5-0, Lovlina beat Chinese Li Qian 4-1 The players who have won the third round will qualify for the tournament.
If you look at Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, you will see that the old leaders have been thrown out and new leaders have been brought in.
He said there are about 49 MPs from the tribal communities.
He spoke about the transformation of education and schools in the country where children are now getting education from sport and says he is full of hope for this.
At the same time, Bah Arwan said that the Khasi who still hold on to their identity, face many challenges from foreign forces who want to destroy and destroy by force the identity of the jaitbynriew.
Sohliya said the Draft Electoral Roll of the Special Summary Revision for these four constituencies has already been released and the deadline for any application has been set from 27th March to 9th November arrangements or registrations of those who are eligible.
Bah Monarch ShabongThe elections in India, in the last five years, have been held with small samples and these include the sample of politicians, such as sha or chaiwala vendors and now BJP leader Narendra Modi and other party leaders, who are also senior officials of the Indian government, have nominated themselves as showkidars.
Shillong: There have been 36 new cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya today, according to the Ministry of Information and Public Relations.
In the evening, the darkness inside the village has disturbed the residents from the growth of crime in the society.
The examination will consist of two tests, one is the Mental Ability Test (MAT) and the other is the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT) covering the subjects Science, Social Science and Mathematics. There are 90 multiple choice questions, no negative marking, students must pass the exam with a combined SAT and MAT score of 40%. Forms should be completed along with the required documents and should be submitted to the office of the Sub-Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO), East Jaintia Hills. Hills District, Khliehriat, Required documents to be submitted with the form include Mark Sheet/Report Card (Class-7), two photographs in uniform and if you are disabled you should submit it. Disability Status Certificates.
“I wanted to meet with Myntri Rangbha again to show that it has been six months since the new government came into power, but the talks have not been successful because it is still in violation of the MUDA Building Act,” he said.
“He also strongly condemned the allegations that his indefinite strike is to incite the people for the MDC elections to be held next year.
On the occasion, he urged the Elaka to declare it as a special day or 'Elaka Day' as other religions across the country have their own special day. At the same time, it will be a way to educate the children of the Elaka to preserve the customs and traditions, from the farming methods, the land tenure and the family.
The fourth place went to South West Khasi Hills with 8 medals, including 2 gold, 3 silver and 3 bronze medals.
He said he has lost out on the Monte Carlo and Barcelona Opens and is convinced that he will not be able to participate in the current Madrid Masters as well.
During the meeting with the DM&HO, the HNYF leaders asked on what basis the posts outside the Trauma Center have been appointed without public notice or without going through the District Selection. In response to a question by the HNYF leaders, the DMHO and MS said that these posts have been filled as officiating by the state government through the Directorate of Health Service. Regarding the allegation of illegal recruitment at the Trauma Centre, Bah Marcus Marten said that the state government should pay special attention to the youth of Ri Bhoi, who are unemployed. unemployed even though they are eligible for employment according to their qualifications.
So you have the power to judge where you turn and where you go.
When asked what message he would like to send to the youth of the state, he said, “Don't back down for a while when you want to reach your goal.
Many of the pedestrians have been injured and injured. Shopkeepers and drivers who parked near the road before reaching Motphran have been injured. It is reported that dozens of people have been killed by these nar-rod.
He said that during the British rule there were many people in this country who were forcibly converted to Christianity or Muslim but after independence these people who converted by force wanted to to return to their traditional religion and this return to their traditional religion without being forced, without bloodshed and without hatred of anyone but of their own free will, said the Ghar Wapsi.
Sookini Sutnga, Director of Narwan Orange Queen and Miss Tourism Queen World Wide East India 2018 and Miss India International
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai in a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that on the 4th of this month, a foreigner from Assam came to his house in Ladthadlaboh and this caused a stir. Please note that the curfew is not the same as the lockdown.
“He said that in previous governments, there have never been any Prime Ministers who have been willing to take action to discuss the issue of border demarcation.
The union urged the authorities to provide the necessary facilities at the hospital so that the patients can get adequate treatment especially the poor.
They fell into the iron hole that was used to descend and climb because there was no bridge because the hole was too wide.
Earlier, the President also approved the Block Committee of the Nongthymmai NPP. Speaking at the meeting, Prestone urged the Block Office Bearers to start working hard. Dr. Jasmine will be one of the candidates to win the election in
However, if we men live only in the buaid tanglang, then even if we change our race, there will be a pailin of the kur, and the fulfillment does not have this love when we live in the buaid tanglang.
The intellectuals, on the other hand, complain about the evil of the rule of law, while the good is no longer seen.
“We cannot say that it was through the selflessness and hard work of Thomas Jones that the Khasi Jaintia community was created and developed as it is today,” said Pastor Sumer.
The Board intends to inspect some of the factories in the area, so that any factories found to be in violation of the environmental laws, will be punished according to the laws and regulations.
Finally, I would like to say, “A Khasi cannot be a Hindu, he cannot be a Christian, a Muslim, a Sikh, a Jain and others”.
He who has a humble spirit is like a lymbit.
We see that the Lord Jesus is not only merciful but also merciful, that is, we find His healing of the leper with mercy and He had mercy on him by healing him.
Speaking to reporters, some of the MLAs said that they have expressed their dissatisfaction with this action of the government because it has suddenly removed this part.
“This is one of the opportunities for the youth of the area to showcase their talents so that it will also be an opportunity for them to earn a living in sports and It will also be an opportunity for employment opportunities for the youth if they themselves work hard in many fields in sports,” said Bah Diengdoh.
Shillong, March 25: The North Eastern Electric Power Corporation (NEEPCO) today signed a Memorandum of Agreement (MoA) with the State Government to implement the Wah Umimiam Hydro Electric Project Stage I for the generation of 50 MW of electricity. The MoA between NEEPCO and the State Government was witnessed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong. Abdul Saleh, Chairman of the State Planning Board, P. Bakshi, Commissioner Secretary, Electricity, Anil Kumar, Director (Personnel) of NEEPCO, B. Maharana Director (Finance) NEEPCO The project, which the government has signed with NEEPCO, is estimated to cost Rs 1750 crore, said B. Maharana, Director (Finance) NEEPCO. NEEPCO and said that the production of electricity from these two projects is about 9.80 million units of electricity per annum.
During the curfew, Umesh has been at Nidhi's house since 21st October 2020 and was supposed to go to Sudha's house on 28th October 2020, but he stayed behind during the curfew. .
“We have seen injustice against women, burning of houses, destruction of places of worship, displacement of thousands of people, and deaths due to bloodshed. said the Archbishop.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 21:It is often the case that just because of the presence of one or two searchers in the village, it causes trouble to the residents of the village as a whole and one of the examples of this It was in an incident in Kynjoiumran, Ri Bhoi District, that a stir broke out after an elderly man alleged that the VEC office bearers in the village did not implement the MGNERGS scheme properly. The BDO of Umsning C&RD Block, Bah PS Tynsong, together with the staff of the Block, today visited the village to find out the truth and investigate from the residents. Plielad Kshiar, who lodged a complaint with John Mawphniang, General Secretary of RBPM, to inquire about the implementation of the MGNERGS scheme in the village.
The book, which was first released in the capital, has also been released across the states and on Monday it was also released in Meghalaya.
One of the passengers was identified as Eastern Azerbaijan Governor Malek Rahmati.
Henry Yoga A. Sangma 100 mts, Bettingstar N. Marak Long Jump, Ioh I Ksan Lyngdoh 100 mts & 200 mts, Percioustar Bey High Jump, Knerlang Phawa 1500 mts & 3000 mts, Ram Shylla 1500 mts & 3000 mts, Rones Taro  Long Jump & High Jump.
The Secretary of Kynroh Nonglyer said that the child did not come to apply for a certificate, but it was the father of the child, who came to accompany the child. Including her father Binus Kharthangmaw and Fatima Kharthangmaw said that Kynroh Nonglyer has not yet received a Secretary, but Shadap has forced himself as Secretary.
Confirming the incident, the Superintendent of Police, East Garo Hills, Ringrang TG Momin said that the incident has been resolved and the security forces have been on high alert.
Therefore, I urge the people of the country to support the NPP candidate, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh.
However, the Temple was destroyed by the Roman army in 70 AD. It was during this time that Jesus foresaw that it would not last and would be destroyed.
Satan was cast out of the THIRD heaven to the second heaven (Heaven realm) because of his sin. Isaiah 14:13-1
On the other hand, the CEM said that the failure to open the market in the past years is due to the failure to arrange the allocation of shares between the markets. He said that perhaps at that time the CEMs did not receive their share from the market and this led them to postpone the opening of the market.
The crew of the plane was able to land and deliver all the passengers safely to Havana after the engine of the plane also caught fire.
The reason for the opposition to Rai is that at the same time he is also the VC of Mizoram University which shows that there is something behind it that has led to his expulsion from the university.
If a woman sits with a man, her mountain will fall on her shoulder from behind.
However, the wealth of the state which should have gone to development projects will reach the pockets of some in power.
Condemning this situation, AITC Meghalaya said, “Power outages are a frequent occurrence.
“The police have known to do whatever is necessary to investigate what happened,” he said in response to the HNLC's offer of assistance on the road protest.
Short speeches were delivered by the Waheh Shnong of Panaliar, Riquoma Rq.Laloo. Only a few members of the Executive Members and VDP members attended the meeting. cleanliness in the life of a person especially in these times how to prevent the Corona virus.
Shillong: U 2000 trucks of coal have been seized for illegal smuggling during the coal ban in the state.
The children of Israel had a dream to reach the Promised Land with milk and honey – the Promised Land.
Silver medalist: Alferd Papeng 51kg full contact junior boys, Naphishisha Nongphlang 40kg junior girls.
When asked about this, Bah Paul said that the UDP will stand firm on the basis that in cases where the state will benefit, it will stand according to the MoU. “We stand by the MoU but when there are cases where we lose we have to look again to change the rules and this is the basis on which we as a party stand until now,” said Bah Paul.
Foods rich in vitamin B3 include beans, lentils, salmon, lentils and beans.
On the government's initiative to build the road from Ampati, Dalu, Ranikor, the Chief Minister said that once completed, this road will be a barrier for the North East and develop the country. economy.
:The National People's Party (NPP) today held a meeting with the members of the National People's Party (NPP) Ranikor Block Committee in the presence of Bah Hamletson Dohling. Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA Meghalaya who is also the candidate for the MP election from Shillong Parliamentary Seat as the Chief Minister. Other party office bearers from Ranikor Block Committee and thousands of people attended the meeting held at Rangthong Community Hall.
“I have visited the Shillong Bar Association myself to see the tragic incident but the only thing I am happy about is that no one was killed in the fire.
The corona virus has spread rapidly in different parts of Shillong.
Dawan Lyngdoh MDC encouraged these fellow citizens to be strong and to unite in these activities.
Leverence Jeremy Nongbri opened the scoring in the 26th minute and Waricky Shabong added the second goal in the 37th minute.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: A car manufacturing factory has caught fire and 13 vehicles have been damaged in an incident at Mawlai Nongkwar, opposite Banalari World Cars.
However, Sanbor said that the position on which Ardent stood changed as soon as he entered the cabinet.
He said that he has never heard of any miracles such as prayers or prayers and he has never walked with friends. his daily city trips suspected that he might be doing ghostly activities in the city.
The Meghalaya government has also remained silent on the problems of the people.
Shillong, November 10: To mark the 66th Anniversary of Human Rights, the Meghalaya State Commission for Women has organized a special program to discuss how to promote human rights. The government has condemned the violence against children and women which happens from time to time in the state.
There have been 101 recoveries in the state today.
He said the government has a plan to improve and renovate the Pa Togan Nengminja Sangma Memorial Park in Chisobibra and the government has allocated Rs 50 lakh for the improvement and the construction for this project will start. hi there.
He said the state government has urged the central government to invite the Assam and Meghalaya governments to talk about peace and stability so that such incidents will not happen again in the coming days.
However, the defeat in these three states has been a major loss for the BJP not only in these state elections but could also affect the Lok Sabha elections next month. January, 2019.
The North Eastern Council has worked hard in the past three years and groups such as NEPA, NEEPCO, NERAMAC, NERIST, RIPAN, NERIWALM, RIMS, LGBRIMH, NESAC, BBCI, RDC, RNC, RIPSAT, CBCT & NETDC have been appointed. various states of the North East for the development of the regional economy.
And Esther commanded all the Jews that were in Shushan to fast for her, neither to eat nor to drink, that she might plead with king Ahasuerus for the Jews. I'm going to die or I'm going to die.
Despite the presence of Meghalaya police in the Langpih area, the situation in the area especially in the last few years, such as riots and frequent attacks by Assam and Nepali police has decreased.
They have no part in the first resurrection.
“I am happy to see that the NDA government has given us money,” said Bah Pynshngain.
“We go to class every day and we are happy when we pass well in the examination, but unfortunately when it was time to look for jobs we didn't get them because of the lack of job opportunities,” they said.
To date, the MSOA through this special program has identified the talented youth of the state and what is needed is to provide special training opportunities to these talented youth. which is alongside the world champions.
Before taking part in the cleanliness drive, a short meeting was held at the Community Hall of Modop Village in the presence of Waheh Shnong Modop Bah Dawyo Dkhar, Secretary Shnong Bah Dawyo Dkhar. Edriasly Pale, Dr. R Pohsnem and other village leaders and office bearers of KSU Nartiang Modop Unit.
The 2023 Longlist are: The Secret of More by Tejaswini Apte-Rahm (Aleph Book Company, 2022), The Nemesis by Manoranjan Byapari, and translated from Bengali by V Ramaswamy (Westland Books, 2023), The East Indian by Brinda Charry (HarperCollins Publishers India, 2023), Simsim by Geet Chaturvedi, and translated from Hindi by Anita Gopalan (Penguin Random) House India, 2023), Fire Bird by Perumal Murugan, and translated from Tamil by Janani Kannan (Penguin Random House India, 2023), Everything the Light Touches by Janice Pariat (HarperCollins Publishers) India, 2022), Mansur by Vikramjit Ram (Pan Macmillan India, 2022), I Named my Sister Silence by Manoj Rupda, and translated from Hindi by Hansda Sowvendra Shekhar (Westland Books) , 2023)The Colony of Shadows by Bikram Sharma (Hachette Books, 2022), Manjhi's Mayhem by Tanuj Solanki (Penguin Random House India, 2022)Speaking about the 2023 Longlist and the progress Srinath Perur, Chairman of the Judges, said, “The books submitted this year for the Award are indeed strong and different from each other.
The order said that the investigation should be completed without delay, and to remember that all witnesses should be brought by the 14th of June, and if it cannot be completed on that day, the investigation will be conducted. also hold for the next day without further notice or notice.
HUAM North Khasi Hills District (Ribhoi District) has also sought clarification on the management of the Masi Market at 9mer Khanapara. the manner of agreement between the Hima and the owners or managers of the lew or whether there is any arrangement.
Isn't it true that we are killing the river that gives us food and drink? Another thing that kills our rivers is the cleaning of vehicles.
Shillong, July 16 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the first Engineering College in the state at Mawlai Kynton Massar. .
The two ships, the Stena Impero and the Mesdar, were captured by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards and taken to the border. distribution of Iran.
The office bearers of the Nongtrai Unit are Dering Lyngdoh, Vice-President I/c Admin Hilarious Borwan, Vice President i/c Finance Shomborwel Stembon, General Secretary Sylvester Dkhar, Assistant Secretary Buddien Shabong, Education Secretary Starling Lyngdoh Shnong, Organizing Secretary Kalin Lyngdoh, Publicity Secretary Jeffrey Lyngdoh Sohiong, Sports Secretary Liwelstar Syiemlieh and 13 members.
Ratan took the police to his residence and the factory and seized a large quantity of drugs and equipment used to make the drug.
The Constitution of India is not a manna from heaven, but the result of the discussions and developments of the leaders of the various regions, groups and ethnic groups that make up India.
“We have decided that it would be better to take part in the ground in Khyndai Lad, Motphran, to go to Delhi to oppose the BJP or to enter the district council to give our opinions so that whatever we have in the party, we cannot comment.
“Because this will take a long time to fill the coal mines, the urgent need now is that all the coal mines in the state should be surrounded by fences to avoid the filling of coal mines. death or injury to people and animals".
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the government has strengthened security forces at the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam in Block I area following the allegation of The United People's Front of Karbi Longri (UPFKL) is a new armed group of the Karbi people.
In the boys' category, Nonglang Sports Club beat Mawten Sports Club by 48-43 points.
The Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) has received information from the RTI request that the publication has been delayed as it should have been released in November last year but was released in November last year. Nailur this year.
He said the magistrate's inquiry will also be into the compensation paid to the KHADC by the NHAI which has taken over the KHADC land at Iew Byrnihat for the construction of the road.
As a nation, we must not forget what has happened in the past.
The union said that the reason for the complaint is against the government's failure to take action against the price hike by the dewbilat companies in the state. the government provides them with adequate subsidies.
Shillong: There have been 627 new cases of coronavirus in Meghalaya today.
Speaking to media, Bah Banaijingsuk Khongdup, Rangbah Shnong of Lumbyrhing, said that the floods have started since last night. The floods have severely affected the residents of the village where some families have lost even their food items such as rice and other items due to the entry of water into the houses.
Taiwan's Defense Ministry said today that the 27 warplanes crossed the Chinese border into Taiwan today.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Kur Phyllei Langbang Langwar Wet Nowa invite and invite all the members of the Kur to attend this meeting so that the meeting and the activities of the Kur will be successful.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, expressed his satisfaction to see that the RBDCA, has got its own fully functional office, so that they can continue to carry out their activities. related to the promotion of cricket activities in the District.
Larnai is the village where the 'ranei' khiews were made and it is because these khiews were made since ancient times in Larnai that they are called ranei khiews.
We will never reach anywhere, as the world becomes increasingly corrupt, corrupt and now lives in the throes of destruction.
Ap ynda has won the election.
At this time, the Government should begin to abolish the management of for-profit institutions in terms of funding, access to education and management.
“Most of the tourists have to stand on the street and it is not safe and with the market they can enter and spend more time to buy agricultural products or other items that the residents of the area. they sell," he said.
It is to be recalled that the Flyover is located near Pung Umïam and many people visit this place which is a tourist attraction, but what affects the community is the spread of the garbage from the liquor bottles and also the evil deeds committed by those tourists without thinking about the welfare and cleanliness of the area.
After the dance, in the afternoon, there will also be a night dance called Wahkhen, Kyrdem Shad or Wahkhen Shad or Poja Shad, in which all women will take part. and men, and the festival will start from 8 pm to 5 pm.
Shillong, Naitung 3: The National Population Registration (NPR) has been conducted for several months. the state.
The 19 persons, led by Samla Dawanbor Diengdoh and Bah Henry Khongbuh, who is also the former Sordar of the Shabong Hima Khyrim Syiem Ship, said that on the 4th of this month they were summoned to the Sub-Divisional Officer of Pynursla Civil Subdivision, on the allegation that they have interfered with the distribution of ration in the village, but on their part, they denied this allegation, saying how can they? They urged the SDO of Pynursla to appoint another dealer or distributor of ration. The SDO, has agreed to take action on this issue, so that the poor people can get the foodgrains allocated by the Government.
M Wanswett (20) for Pohkseh and R Nongsiej for Mawphlang.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM SYW, said, “We have demanded from the government to implement this law by increasing the age of the state to years so that the citizen of the state can pass the examination.
There was also a song by Rynsan from Pynter, Khasi dance from Khap Umru, Khap Umsong and Pdengraid (three women) and a speech by Ike Sinha, who is the Country Director, UNITE4 Good, India, New Delhi.
For a while no one recognized the difference between them because they wore the same uniform as the students.
Torun, one of the cities in Poland, has once again won the right to host the World Athletics Indoor Championships in
They also said that if the government does not listen, they will not be able to hold a mass protest even during the lockdown due to CovID-1
Rain has fallen in many places including Shillong which has experienced its first rain, while on the Assam-Meghalaya border people have experienced cold.
Explaining the allocation of T.20 lakh kur to boost the country's income, Sitharaman said it was allocated to spend T.3 lakh crore to provide loans to those who work. Lajong, including SMEs and those who cannot borrow, are those who are in debt, ranging from T.25 crore to T.100 crore.
This article was written on the 2nd of November at 11:12 pm.
I feel sorry for my fellow human beings, instead of saying that we shouldn't be like Bah Mar, we are no longer like this, but they say that we shouldn't be like Bah Mar.
The UDP has joined the NPP after joining hands to form a new coalition government in Sohiong constituency. The President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has reached the ears of the UDP Sohiong Circle and has to explain to the supporters of the UDP Sohiong Circle that this news is not true as misunderstood by some people.
Shillong: The election for the post of Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat was held today.
In a statement, Ernest Mawrie said that all the 60 MLAs should account for their expenditure of 25 lakh tyngka as part of the review of the expenditure of the MLAs. funds for the distribution of food items and other items to the people affected by the corona virus.
Among the candidates released are former Jaiaw MDC Martamlin Pyrbot to contest against incumbent Jaiaw MDC Adelbert Nongrum; Hamletson Dohling from Mylliem, Gervasis Kharmujai from Mawlai, Anthony Nongbri from Laitumkhrah, Wanpli Kharmawphlang from Nongthymmai and Edarstar Nongbri from Nongkrem.
The price for sub-dealers is 79.34 tyngka per liter, for the residents of Nongstoin (Town Area) is 82.34 tyngka per liter and outside Nongstoin is 82.84 tyngka per litre.
Shillong, June 30: The District Executive Committee of the UDP East Khasi Hills District in a statement sent by its President Titos W Chyne has rejected the resignation of four leaders who have left the party. Tarni Khonglam, Kim, Overness Masynting and Samuel Khongbuh.
There are also patients who have been healed from their illnesses at the Bible Conventions held by this Retreat Center Ladrymbai in the past years. They came, praised God and told this writer of their recovery of health, of their daily prosperity in their work, in their farming and in other blessings. they have received it for the good of mankind.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 831 after four more deaths on Tuesday.
Angelica Tynsong, 13 years old, daughter of Litidian Tynsong and Ritngen Shangpliang, who is studying in Class 3 at Government LP School, Pahamrioh, has been arrested. She has been awarded the award by the President of the country on the occasion of the Republic Day on 26th July in Delhi.
Shillong, July :The Khasi Ri Raid Laban Youth Union (KYU) will celebrate its 32nd Anniversary on the 25th of this month at the Khasi Ri Raid Laban Youth Union (KYU) Lumshatsngi. The meeting will be held on the 18th of this month due to weather conditions.
Shillong, July 16: The KSU and FKJGP, Rangbah Shnongs, MLAs and MDCs of the city on Saturday set up an Adhoc Committee (AC) to monitor the works of the KSU and FKJGP. confiscated by the army, it should go back to the people (government).
Police do not know the cause of the suicide.
“In every department, there are irregularities and allegations of corruption and the TMC has communicated from one issue to another because we are concerned about our people.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that one of the rules that cannot be violated according to the decision of the Supreme Court, is that when mining coal, the environment cannot be destroyed.
Adelbert said that the issue of evacuation of the people living in Them Mawlong has been pending for a long time and the state government should take action as this is not illegal for them. people who are currently living in this area, because the government departments have provided or given them a place to live elsewhere.
During my visit, I had the opportunity to spend time only in the city of Itanagar, but when I look at the number of foreigners it is more terrible than Shillong, but it doesn't mean we cannot compare with any other state in our regions here.
Regarding this incident, it was learned that the Khapmara PIC on receiving the information has immediately sent police to investigate into the incident and especially to take measures to rescue the suspect. The truck has been turned over so that it will not cause any more inconvenience to the hundreds of people who pass through this public road.
He also urged the Sengbhalang and the people who are concerned about this urgent decision of the government to come to the North Jowai Division office in Ladthadlaboh.
On the other hand, Marcuise N. Marak, Minister of PHE, Government of Meghalaya, launched the campaign as the Chief Guest in the presence of the Chief Guest, Syed MDA Razi, Commissioner & Secretary, PHED cum Mission Director, JJM Meghalaya, Kong BM Lyndem, Chief Engineer, PHE and other government officials.
This should not happen again in this second wave because it would be disastrous.
Siraj has not yet made the T20I squad against the West Indies.
Through this meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs, the MLA of Jirang, said that he has had a good discussion with the Village Leaders of the area, for the benefit of those who are facing difficulties in getting food items. drinks including rice, sugar, oil and others.
Even in the dance of the Rong ka Biria, the strength and nature of man as suit has been shor as the support of the prayer of preservation of the ancestors.
During the UPA government, Lalit Modi's passport was ordered to be handed over to him by the High Court of Delhi which means that the Congress-ruling UPA did not take any measures before declaring him a fugitive.
The Cabinet meeting today took this decision to increase the revenue collection of the state.
Regarding the traffic, the Minister said there is no problem in this regard.
The Sonapyrdi Dorbar Shnong and the KSU have demanded the immediate evacuation of the BSF troops from the area as the area where these troops are stationed is on the border and not in the middle of the village.
The development of the Land Port Dawki was approved by the High Level Empowered Committee (HLEC) of the Ministry of Home Affairs on 4th June
Perhaps the only party that has not spent any money but has won four out of 18 seats is the Voice of Peoples' Party (VPP).
Police have conducted a mockdrill at Khyndailad to check the strength of the CCTV cameras installed by the government in public places in Shillong. a picture of the person who placed the box, and shows what the police do to remove it in case it is a bomb.
Another person suffering from tit poisoning has died on Sunday, killing four people from Lamin village in Amlarem Sub-Division, West Jaintia Hills.
On receiving the information, the OC of Ranikor PS rushed to the scene and arrested Chegan D Shira. your father.
Therefore, while this proposal is still under discussion, it is necessary to look at all aspects and ensure that any change in the electoral system in the country should go hand in hand with the the foundation of public administration and to lead for the welfare of all the citizens,” said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, President, said that the party will hold an urgent meeting with the CEC tomorrow at its headquarters in Shillong to discuss the support of the UDP and PDF to the NPP and BJP. The HYC has appointed two HSPDP MLAs; Shakliar Warjri from Mawthadraishan and Methodius Dkhar from Mawshynrut for their support to the NPP and BJP held on the 4th of this month at Motphran.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday alleged that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, is against the Khasi and this is evident through his actions.
Shillong: There have been 73 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 7 recoveries.
He said that the water shortage at the Myntdu Leshka Hydro Electric Project and the water shortage at Umïam have also decreased significantly.
If readers want to identify these shniuh thieds, they can put the riewhadem seeds for a few days in a warm paper until they sprout.
Recently, false news have spread on social media that the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) 2021 examination will start on 6th June 2021 and end on 19th June
The Athletic Federation of India (ATF) has sent at least 30 personnel to organize the race which is divided into three parts. Speaking to reporters, the Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, John F Kharshiing, said that the foreign athletes who came to take part in this event There are 6 members including women and men and all of them are from Kenya.
There are some of them who, when they see the trouble in the household, think that if I drink it, that feeling will disappear. But they don't know that they are the ones who cause trouble in the household. first.
The union strongly condemns this incident and demands that the SP should increase the security in the area and send more police to Dawki Police Station.
As Christians in this moment, let us be PRAYER WARIORS TO PRAY FOR THE HEALING OF GOD FOR OUR KHASI JAINTIA, OUR MEGHALAYA, OUR COUNTRY. EVERYONE IS FIGHTING AGAINST THE CORONA VIRUS OR COVID
Argentina's 2022 FIFA World Cup title has been achieved through this star.
Speaking to reporters, Dr. James said that in their efforts to raise awareness among many people through the peace campaign they have traveled all over the North East by motorcycles. (bike) have stood in many places where they meet people to convey their purpose, and they have tried to make people aware of the need for peace, and in this attempt the answer the general message they received from the people was that they blamed the politicians as some of those responsible for destabilizing the area.
“Our job is not to get fame and glory but to serve the people,” he said.
These incidents have shocked even the management and supervisors of the university where they never expected such incidents to happen within the four walls of the university which is famous in front of India.
The verdict was issued by the District & Sessions Judge (POCSO ACT) Nongstoin on 30th November 2019 against Banri L Lyngkhoi He was arrested on Wednesday morning from one of the villages under Nongstoin Police Station.
The RBYF leader urged the contractor to fill the areas with stones which are low and flooded during the rainy season which has caused inconvenience to the school children and how much more when they say that most of the time they were covered with water in those vehicles that were covered with snow.
“The shortage of staff in the Enforcement Department is not a problem and it should create opportunities.
There is no need for development because our Khasi leaders don't need development.
The new office bearers were elected and they are: Shri.Deibormi Syad, Working President: Shri.Piwell Shylla, Working President: Shri.Thynda Sana, Vice President: Shri.Pheinlang Vice President siangshai : Shri.Gerald Phawa Vice President: Shri.Kitbok Sympli, General Secretary: Smt.
Shillong, October 21: The two-day exhibition will be inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS. ) on Friday said that the Congress has set the date for the filing of nominations on the 25th in Shillong and Tura.
The FIFA U-17 Women's Football World Cup India 2022 kicked off on 11th March 2022 at the Kalinga Stadium, Bhubaneswar.
The price of liquor at Jowai and Laskeiñ depots will be Rs.82.50 and at Shangpung will be Rs.87.90 per litre.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Khatsawphra Sports Association (KSA) Higher Secondary School (KSA) examination has gone smoothly today. duty as teachers.
The construction of the G+3 Storey Building will consist of three blocks (East, West and North Block) at a cost of Rs 40 crore on an area of ​​14,700 sqm or 3.63 acres.
Earlier , Ardent had lodged a complaint demanding an investigation into who was involved in the Pakistani flag , and demanded that he should be punished. The DC has followed up on the matter and rejected the complaint of Bah Ardent.
Speaking as the chief guest, Sonal V. Misra said that these areas in the North East of the country, have started to increase with the passing of the days, in the use of alcoholic beverages.
Therefore, everyone whose soul God has saved, should preach to others that salvation by the blood of Jesus Christ, in time and out of season, for, says the Apostle. Paul “And not to me only, but also to all them that have loved his appearing” (2 Timothy 4:8).
We must remember that this same government has been involved in many corruption cases from the Saubhagya scam on the installation of smart meters to the sale of rice for the poor and also the construction of torti. statue in the new hall.
The Congress has allocated T. 72,000 per annum to the poorest households through the Minimum Income Guarantee Scheme (MIGS) and will also increase the salary from 100 days to 150 days through the MGNREGS scheme to improve the income of the residents in the rural areas.
Tre Yung and Chynna have been involved in the development of Emkam chooh chooh.
Earlier, in a statement, KAS General Secretary Ronald Peel Kharshiing said that there will be a meeting on the 11th of this month at the second session of the meeting. The meeting will be held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
In addition, the NHRC said that the complaints alleged that one of the women was gangraped.
The New Nongstoin Sports Social & Cultural Club (NYC) Kynjatball Tournament has come to an end today, 15th October 2023 with the final match between Lamare SC Pyrshah ia ka Ri Bhoi United SC at New Nongstoiñ Stadium, today inaugurated the tournament by the MLA of Nongstoiñ Constituency, Bah Gabriel Wahlang in the presence of the members of the public.
(3) The feast of first fruits.
The Supreme Court has agreed to inquire into the incident, which killed five people and the case will be heard by three judges, headed by Chief Justice NV Ramana. today is the day.
The Chief Minister said that about 80% of the injection sites in the state are for people over 45 years of age.
The BJP Meghalaya has expressed its appreciation to the Government of Narendra Modi, which has taken this step to fight against counterfeit money and especially corruption.
It may be recalled that on the 15th of this month, the government authorities from Assam, had gone to suspend the construction of the ICDS Center with the help of the Meghalaya government.
“I feel that to link the work of two people and to reach a decision only on the basis of appearance, I feel that it is an unfounded decision,” Sangma said.
“It is unfortunate that the leader did not do his duty, did not investigate before making accusations.
These information have also been posted on the dashboard of the app so that medical officers and health workers can also monitor especially those women who are at risk and are about to give birth.
However, he said that India is increasing the number of nuclear power plants. He said that if anyone does not believe in the impact of uranium, let them go to Germany to know the truth.
During the programme, the students were given a detailed explanation on the important role of the BSF in the border security of the country.
Bahnah ordered Riia to cut the jyntah.
On this occasion, the JSU will also distribute leaflets related to these long standing demands which have not been met yet.
We need many Tirot Singhs who are strong, not by using the sword or the ryntieh, but who are strong in thought and who can stand up for the burden of the nation as a whole.
“As of 5 pm, the turnout in Shillong was 70.26% and Tura 69.31%,” he said. Tura accounted for 81.38% and Shillong for 65.48%.
According to the order, the containment in Kongwang village has been lifted, while other villages including Darrang, Dawki and Bakur have been allowed to earn a living and walk and stand only inside the village.
Later, Birla visited the construction site of the new state legislative assembly building.
We are fortunate to have Bah PN Syiem to lead the Constituency.
Former Moobakhon-Khanduli MDC Hilarius Dkhar has asked whether Sñiawbhalang Dhar can take to heaven the wealth he has accumulated so far.
They said they were going to eat but they didn't come back and they went to the CM's room to support the NPP. new.
The public is encouraged to take this opportunity to visit the CSCs (Rainbow/Digital Seva) in all districts to get this computer training.
Therefore, the residents of the area have expressed their gratitude to the Nongmihkhmat who has worked hard and been ready to provide assistance at such a time when the residents have witnessed these incidents. problems due to exposure to natural forces.
The Union Minister of State for Child Development in charge of the Rit-Paid Department, recently visited our areas to meet with the leaders of Christian groups and churches and other Rit-Paid groups in which he state that the ruling BJP Party in the Central Government wants to remove the perception of 'fear' from the minds of the Minorities groups – of which Christians are one such.
They added that this order will affect the people first of all, because there will be a shortage of food items in the market and this will lead to an increase in the price of food items, because at least one item per day can be delivered. eh truck from which they used to deliver 3-4 trucks before.
In the past few days, the Regional Committee on Border Dispute in West Khasi Hills, headed by Bah Paul, has expressed its concern. Lyngdoh Minister of State, has already met with the Rangbah Shnongs of West Khasi Hills in Nongstoin to discuss the issue. They will visit the villages and border areas in the Langpih sector.
One person has been confirmed positive for COVID-19 in Manipur.
Because she was a woman, the teacher could not resist and died.
The market, which ended on November 15, 2013, will feature a variety of food items, flowers, handicrafts and other items produced by SHGs, Producers Groups and local entrepreneurs.
As the world becomes brighter, the right to employment is declining.
She said the department has lodged an FIR against those who employed the children.
Shillong West MLA Mohendro Rapsang together with the Mawbah Dorbar Shnong have expressed their strong opposition to the state government's plan to allocate land at the RP Chest Hospital for the relocation of the Mawbah Shnong. These people live in Themmawlong Market.
Therefore, why do we need to fight against bloodshed when many countries no longer follow these paths?
He said that there were many from the North East and also from Meghalaya, who fought against the British and these were Tirot Singh, Pa Togan Sangma and Kiang Nongbah.
However, Bah Rymmai said that at about 3:15 pm, he found that the vehicle was no longer at the place where he had parked it, and he suspected that someone had stolen it.
“I suggest that he (Bah Bindo) should continue to contest from East Shillong because he has a chance to win from this constituency.
Although she could not pass in the higher grades, it was a great honor for her and her family and the community as well, compared to other youths.
He said that the problem of law and order in the state is not the problem of law and order but it is the time for a political struggle against the influx of foreigners into the state.
The Minister said that these changes and policies have been taken so that the state can benefit from the Special Assistance on Capital Investment for the Urban Areas Scheme.
East Khasi Hills has 48 active cases, West Garo Hills 14, Ri Bhoi 24, West Jaintia Hills 14, South West Garo Hills 7, South West Khasi Hills 10, Eastern West Khasi Hills 4 and North Garo Hills , South Garo Hills 3, East Jaintia Hills 5, West Khasi Hills 10 and East Garo Hills
He demanded that the state government should send immediate relief to the victims.
He said that the remaining funds for the completion of these projects sent by the state amount to 741.83 lakh tyngka from the central government which the Ministry has not released due to the lack of funds. “In addition, 169 projects worth Rs 2229.10 lakh according to the budget of the Central Government for the year 2021-22 have been approved by the State Level Screening Committee and sent to the State Level Screening Committee. The Ministry, but the money has not yet been received,” he said.
However, remember at one time and that will be in 2028 in the upcoming MLA election. Conrad Sangma who is the National President of the NPP and Prestone Tynsong who is the Vice President of the NPP will win. The party will sell until the price of them at that time will be equal to the price we use every day, and at the same time they will be thrown away like throwing away that stick.
In the past few days, the price of agricultural products in the market has increased slightly, but now the price has decreased and is lower than the comparison in the past few days.
Not only that, we see that our language and customs and traditions are declining steadily with the passing of the days, the cleanliness of our marriage is declining and this has affected the nation. we.
The winners of the competition will receive a cash prize of T.2.5 lakh along with a contract to sign with MACS. The Society will organize this programme.
He said the National Testing Agency (NTA) which conducts the CUET offers 27 subject domains such as Accountancy/Book Keeping, Agriculture, Anthropology, Biology, Business Studies, Chemistry, Computer Science/Informatics. Practices, Economics/ Business Economics, Engineering Graphics, Entrepreneurship, Fine Arts/ Visual Arts (Sculpture/ Painting)/, Commercial Arts,  Geography/Geology,  Home Science, History, Knowledge Tradition and Practices of India, Legal Studies, Environmental Science , Physical Education/ NCC /Yoga, Physics Political Science, Psychology, Sociology Teaching Aptitude, Mass Media/ Mass Communication, Performing Arts and Sanskrit.
He said another issue is that the government can create opportunities in any way, it can advocate for the central government to be released from the laws of the central government and it can follow up on the demand to release the state from the laws. Act of the Central Government through a proclamation of the President of the country.
This will also cause damage to agriculture which is the source of livelihood for the villagers.
The Government's kseh trees, even if it plants these trees, will destroy the environment, but the precious old trees are like a stronghold for this village on the hill. Right.
Shillong: U Dilip Dutta, one of the most famous Bollywood composers, has paved the way for Bateithymmai to enter the Bollywood film industry.
On the other hand, the family members of Wahshuh expressed their gratitude to the West Jaintia Hills Police and the leader of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) for taking the initiative to help since the incident.
Shillong: The Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has agreed and signed a social agreement with the Government of India to provide a loan of Rs 887 crore with the Government of India for the improvement of roads through the 7th Phase. .
The incident occurred at a time when one of the speakers against the road, the LYWA, asked for clarification from the district authorities whether the road will be for the purpose of After the district authorities could not provide an explanation regarding this question, at that time the stone throwing broke out.
“We have taken the issues of the people before the Urban Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh and the Defense Minister Roshan Warjri.
He also declined to answer a question whether action will be taken against the BSF personnel allegedly involved in the incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs today held a meeting of 100 Dorbar Shnongs in Shillong and Khapsor.
Barua is based in Ruili, where he has been living since
He said that this right which he has received from the Constitution of India should not cause him to misuse this right by violating the rights of others.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The protesters demanding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya have received the support of the youth of Mizoram, one of the states in the North East. The Mizoram Students' Union (MSU) Shillong Unit has expressed its moral support to the demand of the political parties in the state for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
She said technology is transforming education and also students and the world.
The DC said that he has already directed the police that all vehicles passing through Nanbah after 8.00 pm should not be allowed. The coal itself was not violated but this escape of the trucks was a great surprise.
Shillong, Naitung, 21: More than 157 applicants have been banned from applying for jobs in any government department after they were declared as having bad marks in the recruitment process of the Ministry of Education. in the year
She denied that it would affect her as an independent candidate as she did not get a ticket from the Congress party and admitted that it was a blessing.
Nickson Dohling Organizing Secretary of the HYC said in a statement that the RTI received by the HYC shows that the intention is to facilitate the mining of uranium by UCIL. The question is how NHIDCL dares to deceive the people while their true opinion has been seen through RTI. Moreover, the answer according to the RTI of HYC is not surprising. NHIDCL's explanation is that this company is one of the departments and divisions under the supervision of the Central Government and this shows that this shows that there is a close relationship with the mining group. Uranium is not an agent of UCil.
I'm in the trench or I'm going to hide.
The President of the KSU said that the KSU has not backed down from the demand for ILP, but as the ILP protest continues, the Sengbhalang will implement another law which has not been named yet. “Beit shakhmat,” said Daniel in the presence of other KSU leaders. Daniel said that as of now, the KSU has suggested to the government to implement the Act. They have not yet named it, because it is urgently needed to stop the smuggling of mynder into the state.
Speaking on the estimate, the damage could amount to T.5 crore, Bah Ransom said that this amount can be calculated from the contractor according to the Contract Agreement so that there will be no additional expenditure from the State Government.
Corruption is on the rise and violence is on the rise.
This does not include the varieties that have been cultivated but which have disappeared over time due to being replaced by other varieties.
In the men's category, St Anthony's Higher Secondary School beat Sacred Heart Boys Higher School by 84-75 basket points.
“At the same time, he said that the people should be patient because this is only temporary.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 46,8
In another development, Amit Shah today met Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss the curfew, which ends on 31st June
When I entered the house, my husband was not at home.
Speaking on Mission Indradhanush 5.0, Dr. R. Laloo said that the objective of this mission is to provide vaccine and full dose to all children between 0 – 23 months as well as to those who who have not completed the right dose.
As Christians, we must know that this giving and receiving of money to buy and sell our votes is not only illegal, but it is forbidden by Christian teachings and beliefs.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 22: Many villages in Byrnihat area have been forced to stay in darkness due to the collapse of electricity posts. This post is not available.
“They need to be paid commensurately for the work they do," he said.
It is impossible that TIKA or any other drug that enters the body of a person will not affect the body in any way, good or bad, especially those who have been infected. already have pain in their limbs.
He said another issue was his information that the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) would become a political party known as the People's Democratic Front (PDF). We don't know what to do, but we don't know what to do, we know that the work has gone well but they are hiding, we should understand, but we are the UDP. “I don't know if another party has been formed in the group,” said Bah Shylla, criticizing the CEM for not speaking clearly to the media on the decisions taken. “What is this from the EC, to the PDF, from the PDF to the dorbar?” he asked.
“This has made it much easier for the relief work which in the past used to take about six months and even up to 10 years just to distribute the CGI sheets.
Along with other states in the Northeast, a protest was held in Shillong on Friday to condemn the failure of the Central Government to address the problems caused by the internal conflict. Manipur has been in existence for about six months.
Regarding vaccination, all healthy cows as well as calves over 4 months of age and within 5 km of the affected area should be vaccinated to prevent the spread of the disease. you are sick.
A government source said that they cannot implement without getting the names of the beneficiaries from the C&RD department.
He said that in the youth many temptations come to strike from the right and left but as young people who know God they should be strong in their minds not to fall or succumb to temptations but to ask for strength from God. on many of the challenges and trials they face in their lives.
Where does this lead, we are a small nation and we have to rely on the mercy of other large nations just to supply food to our own state, not to buy other goods from abroad, because we cannot produce anything.
Guests staying at this COURTYARD Marroitt, will not feel that they are outside their home or village, because here they can get all their needs from the Fitness Gym , a spa, a swimming pool, fine dining with live music and performers who come to entertain and entertain people every evening.
Codification – A law extracted from the traditional customs and traditions to promote the legislative process for the purpose of making full laws and implementing them in the society of the state.
Matthew 3:13-17.
Shillong: BJP Meghalaya Spokesperson Mariahom Kharkrang has denied the claims of the people, especially the NPP leaders, that the contest for the Lok Sabha MP elections from Shillong will be affected due to the support of the BJP. Speaking to reporters, Kharkrang said the allegation that the NPP candidates from Shillong and Tura will lose because of the support of the BJP is wrong.
The Symbud Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the MDA-II government will take action to improve the implementation of the roster system, but on the reservation policy, the government will not be able to do so. touch something.
He said about the importance of the driver's job, because if drivers don't have responsibility there is no sense of security, but if drivers have responsibility there is no sense of security even sleeping in the car If you don't have any sorrow, you don't need to respect the driver.
Prestone said this in reply to a question by Congress MLA from Mylliem, Ronnie V Lyngdoh.
During the discussion and opinions of the elders, one of the elders said, “If you are a Khasi, you are a son of Hynniewtrep. “If you say you believe or don't believe in the existence of that thlen, when you get home, look in your mirror and see if your soul answers whether it exists or not,” said Bah Wahlang.
Tragedy claimed the brother, while the sister survived.
It has also supported athletes and others to participate abroad and at the 1st North East Olympic Games held in Imphal, Manipur, Meghalaya won 38 medals in 10 sports. .
The Congress leader, without being named, said that most of the public meetings were held to raise awareness among the people on issues of concern to the country.
This initiative has been approved even by the Syiem of Hima Khyrim, he said.
Poverty will increase with the passing of the years.
Arnes Marwein (7), Phrangki Buam (37,44, 63) and Bhaki Rymbai (87) scored the five goals.
From these vehicles, which parked on these roadsides, it was seen that they were private vehicles and not commercial vehicles at all, although there were some commercial vehicles, which reached these roadsides. Most of the young children, who are in their early twenties or early twenties, are also in vehicles that are still in their teens. There are many cases where those who do this work are not only Khasi, but there are also many foreign youth.
At the same time, he said the delay in passing these bills is because he wants to discuss the issue. “I have a goal to ensure that the culture and customs of the people It is on this basis that I feel it is necessary to discuss this issue,” said the Governor.
“We are building the road to allow the people to come to this festival and to visit the ancient monuments like Maw Shyieng and Khmah Lyngdoh which are behind the Law Kyntang,” said the Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima.
Bhagaiah said many in India think that if they don't speak English they are not intelligent or can't do anything even to study at higher levels. in English, you don't know," he said.
The shop is located at Kynshi Station in Armala, where the products such as Ashar, Umsoh, Kriah, shang, jhur seeds, ngap and other products are displayed by the SHGs. Speaking at the opening ceremony, the DC said that the presence of SHGs is a great blessing to the poor women, because through them, they can work by producing ashar. , umsohk, kriah ki shang , sewing and other activities that will help to improve their income and income.
In a statement, the MSOA, Bah Finely Pariat, General Secretary, expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden death of this great man.
The court said that if the government has not appointed this committee, it should do so immediately so that it can discuss issues related to the contractors and NHIDCL. has ordered the state government and NHIDCL to submit their reports, and the hearing will be held on January 10,
Wahiajer, on the other hand, took the lead after scoring two goals in the first six minutes.
Referring to the sympathy vote by the UDP candidate from time to time, Sandondor said the people of Sohiong do not elect a leader by being deceived.
Regarding the winners, there were several runners from the state (men & women) who have been able to reach the top positions according to the events in which they have participated.
Waroh also lived with his mother, Leslie HPde, at Lumsohra, Laitumkhrah, where he used to be one of the most sought after Santa Claus dressers during the Christmas season. in which he used to deceive those who watched, because he knew how to dance.
Of course, it cannot be said that the candidates have their own supporters and when you support, you expect victory and you don't expect defeat.
“We are against the request to fill up the forms for land vendors because it does not comply with the Land Vendors Act of the Central Government.
The author says that according to legend, Shibidi was the original mother who gave birth to Pohlynjar, Pohsnem, Pohduna and Pochen who were the old mothers.
He said that as the party we need to reach out to the youth because as we have seen at this meeting, most of them are elderly and there is a shortage of youth.
Luckyness Khyriem scored the goal in the 32nd minute for Chutwakhu to reach the final of the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy. The match was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
If they tell, they may suffer.
Publicity Secretary Bah Emdor Buam.
Quote :- Crazy.
Shillong, Nailur, 18: The Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of East Khasi Hills District on Saturday conducted a raid on GS Road. , Copper Market.
It was also found that the Shira im obtained from the ICDS food distribution center was dark and blue as if it had been there for many years.
In these days, many people are proud and arrogant, even though they don't have anything, but their hearts are hard.
It was at this time that the KHADC forest was destroyed, said Bah Lyngdoh.
In this regard, I urge the readers to open the report of the Mandal Commission and that the recommendations of this Commission on the signs of backwardness have been accepted and approved by the Supreme Court of India in the case between Indra Sawhney and the Government of India.
Only the New Testament is the authority of the Church of the Bible.
“However, it was in collaboration with the KHADC that went to the Supreme Court and after that the Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs have been able to function again as they are now,” he said.
Here, Jesus does not allow the weeds to sow among the wheat.
However, now they have improved due to the attention of the relevant authorities.
On the other hand, Bah R Lapang, Chairman of the group, expressed his satisfaction that the group for the first time has been able to do good deeds for the village, which is also a benefit and blessing to the residents. “As a group, we have many other things to do in the future to contribute to the society,” he added.
Earlier, the MCA held an opening ceremony attended by former Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah HWT Syiem (retired IAS), who is also a former cricketer in the presence of KVP Rao, BCCI Assistant General Manager (Cricket Operations) was the chief guest, MCA Secretary Naba Bhattacharjee and others.
During the raid, the Seng found more than 100 foreigners without Work Permit and any identity documents, and also closed down about 5 shops without Trading Licence.
Bah Gabriel urged the Minister of Education to provide assistance for the college so that it can provide the best services and in the future it will be able to produce students. IAS, IPS, MCS and so on.
Shillong: The Riwar Mihngi Unit of the North East India Mission Association (NEIMA) at Laitmyn Rieng near Pynursla has provided services to 104 orphans.
There are 1,659 confirmed cases so far.
Dolloi Lymba said that first of all, he should have a clean spirit to serve properly as stipulated by the District Council and follow the rules according to its directives.
She also reminded the public that to have a healthy body, it is also necessary to eat a wide variety of foods. They are foods or fruits that come from the environment" and to get them it is necessary that the residents should take good care of the environment and not just destroy or cut down the trees and others. they are destroyed.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Khasi Cultural and Social Service Society (KSCS) today conducted a Village Level Awareness Camp at Pynursla Market. The spread of HIV/AIDS inside the body of a person or persons in this age.
At the same time, Conrad congratulated Michael Warjri, resident of Balakhawa, who has been willing to settle on the border despite many challenges.
Besides, Bindo said that the UDP will not win even 10 seats in this election as many MLAs will be defeated.
And I will require your blood at the hand of every beast, and at the hand of man, and at the hand of man;
The Selection Committee of the MBOSE SSLC Examination 2020 has selected him to receive this scholarship.
The second semifinal or eliminator will be played on Saturday between Mynthong and Nangbah Mulang.
The Ministry of Agriculture has already paid the money to MeECL in June this year and the price is based on the cost of the new transformer but the department has replaced the old one. .
The High Court said this while hearing the case filed by AH Hazarika on the Agia-Medhipara-Phulbari-Tura (AMPT) road.
Eddie G.Kharbani, president of the RBWO, said that the reason why the RBWO leaders issued this statement to the government was after receiving information that these women were like health volunteers, they work hard and selflessly for the good of others, even in the midst of a small salary, but sadly they do not receive that salary on time. and which has affected these volunteers.
He also wrote for The Times of India and the Daily Pioneer.
Biangshwa Shylla was elected with 108 votes, Balen Thubru with 63 votes and Kyrshan Dkhar with 63 votes. 20 votes and 4 invalid votes.
Last year, the pass percentage was 81.17 percent.
The tournament was attended by prominent boxers of the country, including the South Asian Games gold medalist Sachin from Services. He fought against Vishal Kumar of Punjab in the 54-57kg featherweight category and won by the decision of the judges.
The Main Dam Bridge, Umiam, is too old and therefore if the heavy vehicles continue to pass, the Main Dam Bridge, Umiam, will be destroyed. could endanger the bridge as well as the public.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 15: One of the leading leaders of Ri Bhoi District, has passed away today, after a long illness, leaving behind his wife. and three children.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The North Eastern Region including Meghalaya has taken advantage of the opportunity to recruit the youth because of the problems in the region, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Dr RC Laloo. Dr Laloo said that terrorism especially in Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, Tripura and Meghalaya is increasing. Also present at the celebration were the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, Minister of PWD, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Chief Secretary Bah WMS Pariat, Chief Secretary Bah WMS Pariat, The Director General of Police (DGP) PJP Hanaman and other government officials Dr Laloo said that the area has many problems and because of this, the insurgent groups have taken advantage of the opportunity to recruit youths. He said that “the robbers are using the youth by trying to do something that cannot happen”. He said that Meghalaya has also faced such a problem which other countries have faced. “Many souls have been lost, people are living in fear,” he said, adding that the expenditure on development projects has hampered development projects and trade. This day also coincides with the death anniversary of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi who died at the hands of the insurgents in 1991 On this occasion, Laloo also conducted the reading of the oath to fight against terrorism.
We want to develop it in such a way and we want the Government to develop it without discrimination and to be acceptable to all the ethnic groups living in this state,” said Dr. Jemino.
Jowai, July 3: The Jaintia Hills District Council under the leadership of the Jaintia Hills District (JIKKNMS) has celebrated the 153rd death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah-Khla Wait. life by being hanged by the French government for his bravery in defending the nation in
He said that the opening of this Computer Science Laboratory is one of the ways to improve the knowledge of the modern science and the existence of this Computer Laboratory will help a lot to the students. to work minor and to gather information about modern knowledge especially computer science is one of the most important things that young people should know in this age of education.
The project should benefit especially the people of West and East Jaintia Hills District, said the JAC. Shillong, Jymmang 08 : The last election campaign in Sohiong has been held in Sohiong. The National People's Party (NPP) and the United Democratic Party (UDP) have shown their highest number of votes on Monday.
In this Memorandum, the union demands a ban on the smuggling of all illegal timber from the forests and illegal mills outside the State according to the Forest Act. .
A short history of the Managing Committee was read by Bah Deepland Shylla, Secretary of the Managing Committee.
How much more is it necessary to look carefully at that place where all will go and never return but to dwell forever.
However, many Jews did not accept this.
Also, Bah J.Pohtam (MACS) and Kong G.Jyrwa explained about HIV and Aids and the dangers of alcohol and drug abuse.
There are 5,583 confirmed cases and 664 deaths.
The body was found on the NH-6 near a car wash in Ialong West Jaintia Hills District.
The distance from Mairang to Lyngkhoi is 8 KM.
Iongpiah beat Sailung Ialong 2-0 with the goals scored by Saiwotkibor Suwer in the 18th minute and Kynsai Manner in the 38th minute.
According to the Raid leaders of the Raid Amjong and the elders, the Bangladeshis have been living here since 1963 as refugees authorized by the Syiem Hima Khyrim in an unknown area. as a Refugee Colony where at that time the population was very low, but as the days and years went by, the population has increased and now another village known as The Panbari did not live there without any permission from the Raid or the Hima.
Sengpan is also involved in murders, robberies and kidnappings in Songsak and Rongjeng areas in East Garo Hills and in Dainadubi, Bajengdoba in North Garo Hills district, police said.
Shillong, November 21 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is preparing to relocate to New Shillong and discussions on this are ongoing, said the Executive Member of the Building Department Bah Teibor Pathaw. This was a question raised by Bah Teinwell Dkhar in the Dorbar Tlang of the KHADC on Friday.
“The BJP cannot implement the same tactics as in Arunachal Pradesh here in Meghalaya,” said Joshi, who also denied that the Congress MLAs would do the same in Meghalaya.
Bran prepared his feet and walked from Themiew Mawlong to Police Bazar.
The land belongs to the people and therefore there is no collection of land revenue.
Up to 29 states from across India have participated in the tournament.
Those who have violated the curfew and have traveled during this period will be quarantined for at least 14 days in government quarantine facilities.
The President of the HSPDP Youth Wing, Bah Sandondor Ryntathiang, has resigned from the party because he intends to join the VPP led by Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit. President.
“The late notification of the Rangbah Shnong until 10 pm at the last minute has caused us trouble,” he said.
Although the scientists have seen the large underwater object, it will take at least two days to confirm whether it is the missing plane or not. whether there were 239 people on board.
“Since I joined as a teacher I have taken the children as my own children despite the challenges but I am happy to see that the children have succeeded in their lives,” said Kong Kharumnuid.
We also discussed the problems faced by the people in the villages to implement the schemes and the support that the Ministry can provide in addressing them”.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said, “The best way is to create rules to ensure the safety of the coal miners to allow the mining without forgetting to take care of the environment and these are the main issues".
Secondly, the Catholic Church has received sovereignty since the end of World War
She said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, according to his authority, has already requested the Central Government on this.
Complaints relating to trafficking in persons will be received by the Commission and heard by this Cell.
The former MDC's resignation came after the Minister of PHE denied that the allegation of corruption is an attempt to politicize the implementation of the JJM in Meghalaya. Lok Sabha elections.
On the PIL 2015 and Investigation It is also unclear why Ajay asked these two questions which have nothing to do with the VAB Act, one on the PIL 2015 against the District Council and the other on Para 14 of the Schedule. -6 (6th Schedule) which provides for the investigation of the activities of District Councils, if necessary.
Therefore, the party has sent a mail to the President of the country demanding that the VC should be appointed.
Therefore, he expects that this building should not be like that, but that it should be beautiful and bright at all times.
The President of KSU South Khasi Hills, Samla D.Bynnud, has strongly condemned the lack of management of the race which has affected the traffic of the people. vehicles without prior notice through appropriate means of communication or to the newspapers to avoid public inconvenience.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Bah Spenri Kharmyndai, 72, of Lympluh village, Nongspung Hima, East Khasi Hills District, has escaped from the hospital. He was shot dead with narsaw, thrown with umthnam and stabbed with a nar pin by the residents of Lawkhla village. The family is from Lawkhla village, about half an hour from Lympluh village.
Weight loss is one of the most obvious benefits that we can enjoy through the consumption of green tea.
“This allegation by the BJP MDCs is groundless and we cannot misuse the money from the SAG scheme because we have to follow exactly the rules to implement this scheme. I don't know what to do with the people,” said Ma Thombor Shiwat.
The winners of Miss Meghalaya 2023 and Miss Teen 2023 will represent the state in beauty pageants in the North East and the country.
At this time, we don't want to violate the rights of the villagers,” said the North Shillong MLA.
The appeal to the brothers and sisters of the people of the country to be ready to do anything without any hesitation so that we can escape from poverty and misery.
“When I reached the river, I built a boat with siej and tarpaulin to cross the river and my followers said that the prime minister could not sit on that boat. But there too, Modi sat down and invited me to sit with him,” said Grylls.
Speaking on the stability of the government for good governance, the NPP leader said that Meghalaya has witnessed very few stable governments, and the NPP has and the coalition partners ensured a stable government in the State and which was able to accelerate the economic development and progress of the State.
I believe that there are some areas that this government has not been able to prepare for the end, but we need to see where they are and how they are those issues that we as citizens need to know, " she added.
He was a man of integrity and clarity of mind and never backed down from problems.
The government has appointed 16 teachers for the morning shift of BA at a salary of 5,000 tyngka and they have not received their salary for 10 years.
The Seng Khasi Ri War urges and invites all members of the Seng Khasi Ri War from near and far especially those from the area to attend this day.
They were arrested from Kherepara village while they were on their way to Baghmara to hand over the weapons to the GNLA members led by Jack, a police statement said.
Shillong, July 23: The Regional Committee for Ribhoi District headed by the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong as Chairman has decided to meet with the Regional Committee for Ribhoi District in November, The meeting was held to discuss the settlement of the border dispute between Assam and Ribhoi, which is still part of Meghalaya.
bin-pa-bin : which is not able to speak what is chosen.
When there was another reader, he read it in a different way, but he didn't understand.
:The new Khasi song, “Khyllipmat” will be released on the 14th of July
He said that the KHADC has received letters from the Hima Mylliem regarding their request to withdraw the soskular, but the KHADC has not accepted the letter. They were also surprised that the writings that came were signed by the young king, Pa'iem Thwel Manik Syiem.
Then, “Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy.
Two fire engines rushed to the scene but by the time they arrived, the shops had burnt down due to the slow arrival.
“We are very sad about the situation in Manipur.
In order to provide further relief to such families, it has been decided that they do not have to pay tax on the amount received on account of the death of an earner who died due to Covid-19 in the financial year -2020 and subsequent years.
“We came down to investigate not to deceive ourselves but to try to take responsibility.
Mr. Stanley DD Nichols Roy had to prove that he was a Khasi.
The tournament was organized by the Pyndengrei Social and Cultural Sports Club.
Let us stop the discrimination between those in power and those who are not because we all have a responsibility.
Nongpoh: The 1st (L) T20 Cricket Tournament 2020-2021 was held by the Patharkhmah Youths Club and Social Welfare Organization (PYC&SWO) at the Western Ri Bhoi Stadium. Chhu I Cricket Club won the title by beating Patharkhmah Cricket Club by five wickets.
Another thing that this reporter has found is that besides the snow from the main gate to enter the state, there has been another rude behavior which I have never seen before. state in front of people who come from abroad.
Khliehriat, Nailur, 09: Up to 54 students of Khliehriat Higher Secondary School have been admitted to hospital after drinking IFA-Blue tablets. State Government Health.
For the sake of the people living in the area, the HYC urges the state government to take immediate action so that there will be no problems in the future for the people living in the border areas. border area), the statement said.
Speech was also delivered by Bah HP Kurbah.
In Christianity, especially today, it depends on the decision of the two young men.
When your kids break what as parents set, it’s the right time for you to correct and teach them, so they don’t continue to make the same mistakes in the future.
Perhaps another word that is more commonly heard or used in this state, especially among the people who are still involved in their traditional religion, is the word 'puja ne pukon' The reason why such a word is used is that the leaders of the community say that the reason for the use of this word puja or pukon is because of the rituals that were held yesterday. The day, the day of the Lord God, is by the way of prayer, which means that only the word of righteousness of mankind is used to pray to the Lord God, without going. shat ka khien of the village shall judge to see the signs or to perform any sacrifice.
He said that the party does not want politicians who have been involved in various parties because they have been involved in many corruption allegations.
Another great man, Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam, scientist and former President of India; In his speech on teachers, he said, "Teaching is the most honorable profession, it shapes and shapes the life of each and every one; if people remember me as a wise teacher, "Let us remember on this day all those teachers who are still alive and even all those who have passed away and also all those teachers , regardless of their level of education; who continue their great service in the promotion of education in our country and around the world.
Dr Rev HH Mohrmen, President of the Society for Urban & Rural Empowerment (SURE), Jowai, explained the issue of waste to wealth.
On this basis, the present EC under the leadership of T.Shiwat, has passed several laws, which the EC should not ignore as a notice to the Local MDC of the Constituency after the distribution of you work with a contractor.
The match will continue on the 23rd of this month between Man I Bha SC and Pdengkarong YC at 2:30 pm.
The mother of Bah Mit, Kong Phrin, brothers and sisters, relatives and friends were also present at the ceremony.
We also need to have a Children part for them to play, there are spaces that we can build.
It is learned that at that time, when the 69-year-old man saw the bseiñ covering the leg of his friend, he tried to rescue the bseiñ from the leg of the friend. friend and he has been bitten by this bseiñ many times.
This will be announced whenever people call from a landline to a mobile if they do not press '0'
Any players who wish to take part in this trial must bring their own sports equipment such as boots, shin guards, and other necessary equipment.
After 3 days he went and paid the money with a note.
These leaves are also well known as home remedies to prevent the spread of pneumonia, pneumonia and pneumonia.
Jowai, June 25: Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Jaintia Hills, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar today launched the 2-Phase of the border between Meghalaya and Assam. The meeting was held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District.
Proverbs 23:26 says, “My son, give me your heart, and let your eyes observe my ways”.
“The people have seen the present government and the behavior of the various parties that have taken part in the MDA government and they have been watching closely.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the Painting Competition held on 23rd January 2024 and the Run For Democracy held on 24th January
Lambor Malngiang, MDC from Nongkrem, contested the MLA election in 2013 from the Congress party, but did not appear in the first list of the Congress party.
This is a precaution that we can take on our own to avoid drug addiction and to avoid future suffering.
He said that one of the problems raised by the teachers is that the SDSEO has registered and distributed the personal information of the teachers in the Ubiattendance App without their permission. .
“We will provide innovations to this career concept and with appropriate support research assignments will be provided to those who wish to write about various careers or aspects about our society, our people, and the our leaders, so that future generations can learn about our cultural richness and linguistic richness," he added.
Khliehriat, Nailar 20: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (NYM) East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday lodged a petition with the Deputy Commissioner (DYM) demanding the need for a District Auditorium and Library. Speaking on this demand, the union said that it has been 11 years since the district became a full district, so it is necessary to have this auditorium to get the district. serve as a venue for various government meetings.
The cleaning day will fall on Wednesday and the children of the thousands and farmers are urged not to bring their goods on that day.
Many of the people from different parties, while talking to this writer, said that if the parties in the current MDA coalition government agree, it is better to nominate or contest only one. MP candidate from 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and supported by all.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 14: The Young Mind Association of Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday held a Valentine's Strawberry Festival at Orchid Umiam, Ri Bhoi District, to commemorate the birthday of Strawberry Growers and also as an encouragement to those who grow strawberries.
I am very pleased with what you have shown.
Answer: Bharat as a country should have its own laws.
In the men's (U-17) category, Shilinstar Syngkli of Myngken HSS won the Best Player title and Pynshngenlang Shylla of Myngken HSS won the Best Player title. Rinalkidon Lyngdoh Nonglait, retired DSO Hering Shangpliang, DSO Bobby L. Nongbet and others were also present.
Also present on the occasion were the Daloi of Shangpung Elaka, MDC J. Treilang Su Chiang, Leaders of Seinraij Shangpung, Members of Khasi Students Union Shangpung Unit and other prominent figures of the area.
This book is available from KJP Assembly Book Room, Shillong and from Shandora Christian Literature Room No. 32 (1st Floor) Synod Complex, Shillong.
So what is the change in the Roster system according to this new OM? To understand this, I would like to look at the old Roster first, and why it is incomplete:1
All these facts show the lack of respect of our Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma for the Khasi lands on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong: The Rev. JJM Nichols Roy Memorial Committee under the leadership of Bah Ransom Sutnga, Chairman of the Committee, today commemorated the 139th birth anniversary of the father of the Sixth Schedule, Rev. JJM Nichols Roy. JJM Nichols Roy at the meeting in Qualapaty.
Sonia Gandhi was accompanied by Rahul Gandhi, Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said.
Speaking on the other hand, the leaders of various political parties condemned the government for the negligence of the state leaders who have killed the innocent souls.
“When the school started and shortly thereafter, its reputation spread until it attracted many students and visitors from all over the country.
They did not know why they were arrested and said that their vehicle has been returned and some said that the shyiap has been ordered to be dropped off at Mylliem.
After the hearing, the court directed the IO to allow the family members to meet Bah Rymbai according to the rules.
These transmission lines are connected to the 33KV EPIP and 33KV Byrnihat Feeder.
“You have to see what’s going to help.
Reddy said that many RBYF members have fled for fear of being arrested by the police, but police sources said that the police will not rest but will search until they find them. The robbers involved in that day and to investigate the members of the party as well as those who committed illegal acts on that day.
He said the goal is to have the same goal to curb corruption as the State has been accused through a statement in the media that Meghalaya is the first state in corruption. .
The SDPO of Sardar has been appointed to search for the suspect and with the help of the relatives, the police have arrested the suspect on Sunday.
On Tuesday, 17 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, 8 recoveries and 223 confirmed cases in the state.
Shylla is a former MLA and MDC from Nongkrem Constituency and former CEM of the Khasi District Council.
The AAP has also shown its strength in the 2015 elections by defeating the BJP prime ministerial candidate Kiran Bedi who has accepted that the constituency she is contesting is the Kiran Bedi was also defeated by AAP candidate SK Bagga from Krishna Nagar constituency.
As it turns out, it is no longer possible to speak or criticize the laws or policies of the Government and those who do so are accused or accused of being foreigners, are prosecuted and punished under the rules of law. as robbers or robbers or murderers.
World Red Cross Day is celebrated around the world on the 8th of June every year which is also the birthday of the founder of the Red Cross, L. Henry Dunant.
The King of Mylliem, Sd.
Then he immediately carried her away and Gomer, in surprise, did not recognize or understand. ".
During the raid, the BSF troops stopped the vehicle and seized the cows.
Experts were invited to the workshop including Professor Laxmidhar Behera, Head, NCERT, Odisha; (Mrs) Balaiada R.Dkhar, Professor Education and Dean (R), Department of Extension Education, NERIE NCERT, Shillong, Dr.(Mrs.) Bahunlang Tron, Assistant professor, CTE (PGT), Shillong, Prof.Sandhya Sahoo, Professor of English, Head, DESSH, & Dean (I), Regional Institute of Education, NCERT Bhubaneswar, Prof.Nityananda Pradhan Professor of Education, Department of Education, NERIE NCERT, Shillong, Dr Prachi Ghildyal, Assistant Professor of Psychology, Department of Education, NERIE, NCERT, Shillong and Dr.W.Nikhla Associate Professor DIET, Nongstoiñ.
On the other hand, the Seng has demanded that the names of the applicants whether they are on the list of Eligible Candidates/Shortlisted Candidates and Selected Candidates should be published (on the website of NECTAR) along with the marks. so that the marks they receive in the examinations and interviews will not be any discrimination by the authorities.
Speaking on the occasion, Satyapal Malik, Governor of Meghalaya, said that it is necessary to establish a school on literature which can provide skills at the higher education levels, so that the youth can They don't need to go far away from the state, especially the poor.
“I am a leader and I don't think about myself anymore.
And he stayed there two days.
Tengchan Sangma has been replaced by Larry Sangma.
This message is a wake-up call to all those who read this article to wake up from their sleep.
He was arrested after arriving in Shillong from Bangalore after appearing before the CID.
According to the Government's plans, the following are the main features of the SSA scheme: Since the implementation of the SSA scheme in the State, existing private schools, schools run by churches or religions They receive support or benefit from this scheme and this is the beginning of the problems that arise now.
A rynsun that has been cut and cleaned has its own appearance from a living rynsun.
Lumpyrtuh Secondary School beat Rising Hills English School, Mowtyrchiah 3-2
“At the meeting, we decided that through our MDC, we will send a message to the government through the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, to demand the immediate arrest of the BSF. “We have killed Bah Ronding,” said Bah SL Kongwang, one of the Rangbah Shnongs.
“Until now, they have not checked whether the parking lot is sufficient or not”.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, congratulated the officers of the Horticulture Department, who have worked hard to improve the agriculture sector especially others which have benefited the farmers. not only in Umsning, but in the District as a whole.
The KSU said that the robbery by the police by throwing a bomb inside the shop even though these women had closed their shop is unacceptable. .
In fact, it is at this time that as the Syiem, the mother should come forward to resolve the issue but she is not like other Syiems, said Joe Marwein.
All journalists who went to collect information and those sitting in the office are expected to attend the programme.
Shillong: The Monitoring and Implementation Committee (MCIC) today celebrated the 53rd birth anniversary of Bah Sanbor Shullai at Lumdorbar, Upper Shillong.
“In total, T.117 crore will be generated by the farmers within three years,” he said.
Although he was not part of the team, Stevanovic played for Inter and at that time he was able to make Mourinho's team.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Interim Report submitted by the Single Member Committee of the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday said that there were no deaths or injuries to the coal miners in Murïap village, East. Jaintia Hills.
“They have walked until the moment that it is through the stupid brains of those elders, it is through their last vision, they got freedom and not only freedom, we also get to rule by "I'm sorry," said Prestone.
The union today lodged a petition with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngainlang N Syiem, to recall this demand which was submitted earlier.
This money was also seized by the Custom.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, after inspecting the school building, said that on the issues raised by the management and teachers of Phlangkynshi Upper Primary School, He promised to do something by creating schemes for the needs of the school so that the students in this village can continue their studies in the right way.
The event was attended by Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest, Marian Maring as the guest speaker in the presence of Fr.Glorious Syiemlieh Parish Priest of Umden Parish, Sr.
It also aims to pave the way for an understanding of the region’s identity.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: On the occasion of the National Media Day, the Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) has congratulated all the media in the state.
In the past 24 hours, 2 new cases have been confirmed.
The Behdienkhlam of the four Seiñ Raijs also known as the Saw Lyngdohs including the Seiñ Raij Jowai, Seiñ Raij Ïalong, Seiñ Raij Tuber and Seiñ Raij Shyrmang is held for four days. lynter, where on the first day or the beginning of Behdeiñkhlam, the Lyngdoh performs the ritual in which on the day of the beginning of the ritual the phang wah rises to the top and on the On the third day, the Phangnengs take the bhang to the forest and the Phangnengs also take the bhang to the kñia forest. the village is not the bhang).
Furthermore, we need to draw on the power of the Holy Spirit because He is the One who will help us in our weaknesses.
The meeting unanimously came together to inform the Government and the relevant authorities that the farmers have suffered a huge loss due to the drop in the price of biscuits and the kilo cut by the buyers.
We need to support each other to achieve the long-standing demand for 'Garoland',” he said.
Even if a cow doesn't have milk to give, only its eggs and eggs are the most valuable and thus the income of the country can be improved”.
Wellmanson Passah of Ummulong took four wickets in five overs.
At the same time, the Governor, together with his wife, launched the paintings by Bah Raphael Warjri.
Three persons who sustained serious injuries were rushed to Guwahati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH).
The Chairman said that at present the board is still short of staff and the presence of NGOs who are experienced in this field will help a lot.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) today clarified that the HNLC is still demanding money from the party. He said that the signer of the letter is not a member of the HNLC. This is a very serious issue and the HNLC warns against those involved in misusing the HNLC. He said that if found, the party will impose punishment, as this undermines the basis of the peace talks with the government.
The Deputy Account General (DAG) of the Government of India has expressed concern over the expenditure of the Meghalaya government in the few days before the end of the year. in the last three days of October 2018 alone, expenditure stood at Rs 896 crore, while in the first month of October of the same year, expenditure stood at Rs 1,535 crore and In the words of the DAG, it shows that this is a mismanagement of funds or weak fiscal management on the part of the government.
According to the arrangements, there will be no knockouts or finals in 2019, but the clubs that win the points table will be awarded as the winners of the tournament. Shillong: The 25th match of the OC Blue Shillong Premier League was played at the 3 Ground Polo on Saturday. Wadajied Ryngkhlem in the 90+6th minute of the first half to give Shillong Lajong FC a 1-0 win over Malki SC. Malki are in sixth place with four points each, but Lajong are ahead by a goal difference of -6 to -1
Who are you to argue that I should not eat cow meat?” said Siddaramaiah.
Nongpoh: The Umsning Town Dorbar (UTD) on Saturday honored Macdalyne S. Mawlong, who is also the new MDC of Umsning Constituency.
A black Texas student has been suspended from school twice simply because of the way he cut his hair in a way that school authorities didn't like.
He said that the main objective of the entrepreneurs is to promote the development of the state and explained in detail about the newly launched CM Elevate Programme.
(Matt. 12:38-42) For as Jonas was a sign unto the Ninevites, so shall also the Son of man be to this generation.
According to the customs and traditions of the Khasi Khara, it is the women who will hold the honor of the kur and the nation. One of the reasons for the loss of honor in the nation is because the women have not been able to improve their skills or their speech.
“Speaking at a rally in Gambegre, the opposition leader strongly criticized the MDA government's rule of law. “One of the things that has been discussed is the corruption of the NPP. Last year, the Home Minister said that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state in India.
He said that the security forces have also seized up to 13,000 cows from the border areas and registered 617 cases related to smuggling of cows.
In the past few days, the temperature has cooled down due to the rainfall which has refreshed the soil and given life back to the people.
In an interview with the National Rifle Association of India, Bah John F Kharshiing, Vice President, National Rifle Association of India, expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister and the Minister in charge of Sports Department of Madhya Pradesh, for their efforts. promote the shooting sports by building a world-class shooting training center in Bhopal which is beyond their expectations.
Meanwhile, the working president of the UDP said that a petition had been submitted to the EC on this issue last month.
“The College of Architecture and Urban Planning in Tore will also be completed this year.
Please Myntri Rangbah don't say anything else, now you have said that there is still an investigation and now you say that there is still an investigation in the Political Department? These are just allegations," he said.
According to the RTI reply, the budget for all 49 projects is T.1 crore for Asanang constituency.
They started their strike but have not received a response from the government and have now decided to go on hunger strike.
In a statement, UDP General Secretary Lawrence Nongrum said that the meeting was attended by many UDP leaders including Donkupar, Working President of the UDP. UDP Ri Bhoi Vice President Rayonald Kharkamni, Vice Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Rona Khymdeit, former MDC Nongpoh and all the presidents/secretaries of the party. There are three constituencies in Ri Bhoi.
These are political tactics planned by certain political parties.
Expressing his confidence to win the MLA seat from Sohiong, Bah Samlin expects to win by more than 100 votes.
For example, at the meeting held in Nongpoh in June 2020, I requested the authorities to provide vehicles in the offices of the BDOs to explain to each village the rules of Covid Lockdown.
The leaders of the two organizations also expressed the need to conduct training programs to help the youth to fight for vacancies in various government departments.
On the same day, the UDP office bearers in 7 Nongbah MDC Constituencies were also elected.
“The improvement of these roads will continue because up to four places, there is a severe road collapse, where the PWD and NHAI departments have taken action to fight as much as possible. to improve faster".
Besides India, Vietnam, Singapore and Indonesia are the three other countries in Group F. in five groups.
The babu said that since the government has dismissed him and other teachers, they have filed a lawsuit to demand their rights.
In the PDS ration, the Government of India has set a target of providing 75% to rural areas and 50% to urban areas.
When asked how many MLAs from the NPP will not get tickets, the National President said it is better to wait and see. this is your party.
On the other hand, the JMB employees said that the distribution of medicines will continue to Dulong and Tpep Pale.
Jamshedpur FC's match against FC Goa.
There are villages where these sohniamtra trees have died.
The weight of the children can also be checked at the time of weaning.
In fact, Lajong have won the tournament since the beginning and it was only today that they lost.
" said Kong Mer.
“There is still 60 days to complete the agreement.
In addition, the farmers have assisted with chemical fertilizers, labor and other areas related to the care of this plant.
The discussion was that the BJP and the NPP could reach an agreement whereby the BJP would allow a person from the NPP to take over the post of Chief Minister if the number of MLAs is sufficient. NPP leader Conrad K Sangma may not be able to take over the post of prime minister if the NPP wins the government but will hand it over to someone else. talk about it now.
However, the Dorbar Shnong Demseiniong has not yet seen anything to take action on this issue as the dumping of garbage by the people is still rampant in this river.
Turning your face to the women.
For example, hundreds of nursing posts, for which nursing graduates have already taken the examination and interview, have not yet been announced.
The coach of this team is Bobby.
However, he declined to disclose the names, saying it was up to the state party to take a decision.
When I asked them if they would return to the state after completing their studies, all of them said that they would rather work abroad because there is no job in Meghalaya in the field they study.
According to sources, police on receiving a tip that a bus number AS24-AC-1152 was coming from Silchar to Guwahati was suspected to be carrying drugs. .
In a letter to the Deputy Chief Minister in charge of Education Department, Dr. RC Laloo, Jha said that the UGC has already set up an Expert Committee on July 10 to look into the situation. and the Governor's decision is too urgent to close the university.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Vice President of KJBW, Bah Generous Warlarpih, said that if the situation continues, where there is no more smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, there is hope. , even the price of beef, too, may decrease and if it does so, it will be of help to the beef consumers.
The child was identified as John Arphi Lamare son of Phiarly Lamare and Misalan Biam.
The death toll has risen to 19 including 16 from EKH, 16 from WKH, 01 from SWKH and 01 from WGH.
In 2018, the Lakadong Mission was launched by the Prime Minister with the aim of improving the value of Lakadong shynrai.
The religion of the Shabong clan will remain the same from the time of its birth in the womb of the mother until its death (all the religions of any Khasi clan are like this).
The KSU has tried to find many ways to appeal to the district authorities, MSPCB, Ministry of Environment and Forest and even to Dr. DD Lapang during his tenure as Chief Minister of the State Government. Prestone Tynsong during his tenure as Minister in charge of Forest.
Furthermore, there is no indication that any of the funds spent have been implemented.
The Minister also launched the new rules and regulations of YESS Meghalaya and distributed checks to the beneficiaries.
Two candidates from Bhopal, Mohammed Saud (Bhopal North) and Raisa Begum Malik (Narela), have been announced as candidates for the election.
The second leg between Mawlai and Khliehmawlieh will be played in Shillong on Tuesday.
There is also a public awareness campaign on the value of freedom and the meanings of the different colors of the flag of India at every Independent Day celebration.
Ma Rymbui said he has been involved with the college for about 18 years and is the former President of the Governing Body and in 2018 he resigned from the post of President to take up politics.
SGH refused to bat first and scored only 77 runs for the loss of all wickets in 18.4 overs.
This was in reply to a starred question raised in the Legislative Assembly by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is in charge of the Transport Department on Tuesday.
Nongpoh, Nailur 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the state government has put farmers first and agriculture is the top priority for the development of farmers in the state according to the technology. Speaking at the three-day program titled Interface with Award Winning KVKs- Building of Success organized by the Directorate of Extension Education of Central Agriculture University (CAU), Imphal in collaboration with the Indian Council. of Agricultural Technology Application Research Institute (ATARI) of Zone-VI of Guwahati and Zone-VII of Umiam today at ICAR Umiam.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah DV Lyngdoh in the presence of the Director of Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association, Dr JN Shullai, District Social Welfare Officer, Ripaya Passah and others, inaugurated the The meeting was held at the Drop In Center of Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association at Faith Academy Campus, Moosalyngkat, Jowai.
As the Khasi people, we live and grow from time to time with love and respect for each other.
This is according to a statement sent by the former MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie.
The meeting was conducted by the Chairman of CMCL Christian Staff, Senior Engineer, Sankupar Chullai in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Sahsniang, Kartos Sayoo and the management of NEIMA Sahsniang. Unit.
Marak also alleged that the NPP leader has misled the Governor and they will appeal against this as it is against the order of the Court in this regard. He said that he had sent a letter of complaint to the Governor on Monday and explained that he had no expectation that the BJP would support the NPP, but this is wrong. The NPP party led by Conrad Sangma has not yet decided whether to support the party.
Taking together the speeches of the Longkmie, Seng Samla and Sengbhalang, it was heard that they strongly demanded from the state government and expressed that at such a time, they should unite from the state government. to urge the state government to implement the ILP in Meghalaya immediately.
Such as murder, theft, robbery, rape of women and children, drug trafficking and other illegal activities.
Shillong, Naitung 6: Three children have fallen ill after eating Yummi food on Sunday.
Besides these speakers, the most interesting thing is the statement of the leader of the department, DD Laloo, that all the people who run the school have already received training and he has also distributed to these trainees. Cycles and accessories made in the USA and France.
The reporter who spoke to some of the elders, said that the work of the state government is slow and slow as it will take months to collect information.
Mavis Dunn, Sd.
(John 1:1–3).
At the beginning of the dorbar, Bah Homer Sohkhlet read out a letter from the office of Acting Sirdar Mawlong, Bah Stephan Laloo, which announced publicly within the boundary of Umwai Village that Bah Homer has been appointed. Sohkhlet has been appointed as the Acting Sordar of Umwai.
“We have to set up a joint inspection to inspect these places but we cannot blame the Veterinary Department or the Airforce Department,” said Teilang. clean again.
Even the milkman says that his milk is perfect, even though he has a lot of water in the milk.
Speaking to reporters, UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong said they will talk better with the NPP on this issue.
Speaking at a meeting held at Community Hall Block 2, the Minister said that he does not want the foundation stone laying ceremony to be a spectacle while the work is being done. pat will start working in three or four years.
He said that Bah Nongkseh had just joined the police force in November and was sent to East Garo Hills.
Therefore, the leaders of Ukraine have expressed their deep sorrow over the loss of these innocent lives and have vowed to punish Russia for not allowing such violence by the insurgents and such violence by the insurgents should be completely eliminated.
It is to be recalled that the Meghalaya government has recently issued an order to reopen the market from 22nd July 2020, but the vendors, shops of jhur, doh, dohkha, kwai and tympew and book shops have not been allowed to reopen. open.
The Awaken India Movement, Meghalaya State Unit under the leadership of Bah Banshai Marbaniang, Chairman, on 19th April 2022 met with the Principal of Synod College, Bah RM Lyngdoh, Jaiaw. , Shillong on a complaint received from the students of the college in these days.
Jowai, July 7: The Mynso Presbyterian Church, West Jaintia Hills District, has organized various programs as part of the celebration of the Environment Day.
The land was purchased not only for the construction of petrol pumps, but also for the construction of farms or to be transferred to others.
However, the worst slavery today is the poverty of the people across India.
Although the house caught fire at about 2:00 pm, fortunately no one was injured.
New Delhi: Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury's speech in Parliament, in which he called the President of India a "rashtrapatni", has sparked a clash between opposition and party members. BJP in the Lok Sabha.
In a letter to the Director of Corporate Affairs, KSU Employment Monitoring Cell, Reuben Najiar urged MeECL to conduct a personal interview for the post. has not been filled to this day.
The celebration was inaugurated by Bah YG Lyngdoh, Working President of Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) in the presence of women's organizations of Nonglang, school teachers. The Minister of Nonglang Village, and the office bearers of Nonglang Sports Club.
Kong Aibandaplin said, “What we sow we reap the fruit and it is only the first government that we fear God and that we work hard that we believe in clean governance.
On the 20th April 2020, in the presence of the Director of the organization, Rev Fr Manbha Pakem together with the Animator of the organization, Bah Rimi Pyngrope, they came to distribute Khaw to 35 households. They have faced difficulties due to the curfew.
It is here that man understands what the kingdom of God is like.
He said that when the committee asked the SP, he could not answer and if the incident happened since 15th July and if the SP is still investigating, then it is the case. The committee has directed the SP to investigate and arrest those involved within two months.
Jowai, October 1: Risakaru Lyngdoh, Subject Matter Specialist (SMS) at KVK, Jaintia Hills, on Tuesday said that farmers should start producing fertilizer as the government will not provide fertilizer. medicine more than chess.
“If we win another seat, it will be better for us,” he said.
The National People's Party (NPP) MP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday evening used harsh words to expel the supporters of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) or Prah from the meeting. A public meeting was held at Umsning, Ri Bhoi District. “Go home if there is any violence or injury, the VPP is a party without foundation.
It is important to note here that to resolve the border issues, it does not depend on who or which political party forms the Government in the States and India. However, the border issue is part of the Constitution and the responsibility of the Parliament.
As the Seng which is always vigilant to protect the minority community, we demand that the Government should immediately stop these illegal registrations.
As the match went on, Nartap had a good chance to score the first goal and the score was 1-1
On the shortage of petrol in the city and the state, he said the DC has said that there is a shortage of petrol but many petrol pumps have run out of petrol because many have been closed.
Prevents high blood pressure: In addition to containing vitamins B-complex and C, minerals and roughage, rice also contains substances known as carotenoids (lutein and zeaxanthin).
The world travel industry is not, in fact, a new industry.
On this occasion, Bah Metbah also urged the party workers not to be stingy from now on but to work tirelessly until the elections so that they can reach victory.
The Tetelia-Byrnihat project was scheduled to be implemented at a cost of T.496 crore but the project has not been successful due to the opposition of various groups demanding the introduction of a law against the the illegal entry of foreign States.
With this victory, the players of Amlarem Block will be able to represent the District in the State Level tournament to be held on the 11th July.
“These are just allegations, committees have been appointed to investigate and the reports have been submitted.
The meeting came after the UDP and Bah Pynshngain last month, agreed to meet to decide on the candidate for Ranikor.
Shillong, July 17: Three persons who used to steal cows have been arrested by the residents of Mawlanghsu area, West Khasi Hills District today.
“I would like to urge the people to preserve their own language, but also to use Hindi, to fulfill the wish of Bapu (Mahatma Gandhi) and Sardar (Vallabhbhai) Patel, that the purpose of one word will come true," Shah said in a tweet.
Surprisingly, the MDC of the JHADC has placed the title of Member of Meghalaya Executive Member (KSU) in front of his vehicle or near the number plate. students were awarded the 1st Maitshaphrang Academic Award.
During the visit, Modi greeted the faithful and lit candles in front of the statue of the risen Jesus. Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Delhi Archbishop Anil Joseph Thomas Couto in the presence of other Bishops and faithful.
According to sources, Bah Mukhim, who was an independent MLA of Amlarem, will contest against Bah Lakuna in this election after he resigned from the post of MDC for fear of the Prevention of Corruption Act. The Disqualification (Amendment) Act, 2015 by Dr Mukul Sangma which has not come into force to date.
Aibor Khongjee, former Indian footballer who has led clubs in the ISL tournament and is now the coach of the ISL, was also present to witness the final. Rangdajied United FC player Aiban Dohling, Principal of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong was also present. Mrs. Biriscy Kharumnuid, Principal of Umphyrnai Secondary School, Shillong with Bah O. Mawthoh DSO EKHD. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has wasted public money and it has been witnessed that the 108 Ambulance in Amlarem has started to break down because the vehicle has not been used at all.
On the landfill, the MLA said they have received 100 acres of land, but he did not say where.
Therefore, this day is a day of remembrance in the history of Mawkyrwat Constituency that in the past few days he has been insulted by the words, “u nongwei” but today he has been insulted by the words “u nongwei” long the witness.
Also present on the occasion were the High Commissioner of India to Bangladesh, Pranay Kumar Verma, Chairman Mohd Alamgir, Chairman LPAI Aditya Mishra and other officials from the Government of Meghalaya.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Kynsai Syiem, Sordar of Smit.
If the government does not listen and use force, the party will not hesitate to fight and fight even if it is to ask for the support of the people in relation to the intentions of this government.
The project, which was funded by the New Development Bank, will be built on an area of ​​10 acres.
The program also included a cleanliness drive in the Mawngap Market area.
Speaking at the public meeting, Dr Phervision Nongtdu, Principal, Jaintia Eastern College, said that in his view, Jaintia Hills has been neglected by the State Government.
Malangkona is also a large and well-developed village and has many villages including Langdong Dai, Mawsmai, Nonghawei, Sildubi, Amagaon, Salpara, Malangjoypur, Siminaguri and many other villages. who are marginal.
The Aadhaar and Other Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2019, was introduced in the Lok Sabha on 24th July
They also found that during the raid, there were some people who were involved but the police warned that from now on they should not violate the law or they will be caught in the rules of law.
He said that the government's bill to be implemented throughout India is unacceptable in the state as it will kill the IOA. The law shall not be free from shortcomings and deficiencies in many respects.
However, although knowledge has increased significantly in the human beings in today's world, the sad thing is that love and understanding have disappeared. man, why are you like this? The loss of love and understanding as knowledge increases is because the knowledge we receive does not go hand in hand with the fear of God.
“The village itself still needs attention in terms of drinking water, health, sanitation, environmental protection, roads and paths and others. -benefit from this scheme", the petition said.
The next day, one after another, visitors to the house of Kong Lumspah and Bah Shanbor, from near and far, expressed their great joy at the recovery of their lost son.
Plants, graves, flowers, plantsThey beautify the nature;The fresh waters, the valleys, the riversTo reach where others want.
“If politics is governed in the wrong way and politics is necessary and without politics it is not possible, but politics is in the person or persons, if they do wrong, they lead the people. to the wrong and to the wrong path and it will be a curse" he added.
Prestone said the state government requests the village authorities and the Covid Committees not to restrict the residents who walk and stand only within the state as this will affect the income. their.
In 1966, there was a raid by the Assam police from Anjalee to the market (basah ja doh and bas soh) and I was near the Khasi elders who were shot and shed blood, some of them lost their lives. soul and some seriously injured.
The purpose of this tournament is not only to run, but to do some good deeds for the children in those areas.
Until now, the village authorities have not been able to recover the body due to the lack of snow.
At the same time, the fare of the Shillong Supplementary Public Transport Service (Maxi Cab) has been increased from the same day on the 1st of July. for distance up to 8 km the fare is T.10 tyngka and for more than 8 km the fare is T.20 tyngka.
Lakmen said that in the rural areas, many of the construction of colleges have already been completed including the Model Degree College at Patharkhmah, the College at Rongjeng, the College of Shillong, the College of Architecture in Tura, Science Colleges in Mawphlang and Mahendraganj and Polythenic Colleges are the buildings that have been under construction and before the state turns 50 years old, these colleges have been able to spread education. in the state.
Explaining on the allegation, the Rangbah Shnong said that the village has not found them evicted, but they themselves have evicted themselves and do not want to cooperate with the village. They have opposed and refuse to give land for the construction of the village road which has been implemented under the MNREGS scheme and the village has not opposed, but has taken it to other places to continue the construction of this road.
He said the NPP won the election by 15 to 14 votes in a 30-member majority, although it should have had at least 16 members in the House.
The health centers used to transport medicines are Pedaldoba PHC, Mendipathar PHC, Nongalbibra PHC, Samanda PHC, Shallang PHC, Asanang PHC, Dadenggre CHC, Gabil PHC, Manikganj PHC, Sualmeri PHC and Songsak PHC. The drone was launched from Jengjal Sub-Divisional Hospital.
Emmanuel Macron, 41, has slammed Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro for insulting his wife because of her blood pressure and physical appearance.
The union has demanded from the government authorities and the Commission for the Protection of Child Rights to help the child.
Jowai, June 27: The Waheh Shnong of Iawmusiang Dorbar Shnong, Ajoy K Lywait today extended his special thanks to the villagers from near and far who have given their physical and spiritual cooperation to hold this event. successful and orderly call for a 36-hour curfew.
The eight arrested are Sushan Das, 46, Ranjit Baidya, 61, Bijit Baidya, 30, Kamal Baidya, 51, Sajol Das, 38, Joy Sharma, 41 and Indramohan. Sharma is 34 years old and Rajesh Sharma is 25 years old.
The policy also recognizes the rapidly changing nature of digital services and empowers the CBC to introduce new and innovative information channels in digital services through the approval of the appointment committee from the part of this work.
About 20 years ago, football was just a recreational sport to strengthen the body but football has grown rapidly in the state and in Ri Khasi Jaintia, said Bah Oflyn.
Shillong, July 26: The Dorbar U Syiem of Mylliem Hima, will hold a cleanliness drive on the 28th July 2015 from 9 am until the end of the work.
Shillong: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, has slammed the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government for forcibly suspending the health insurance scheme for the people of the state and also for not releasing the allowance. months of the elderly, the widows and the single mothers.
“The KSU has found out on the 15th of this month while the department has found out and has already sent a letter to the company to replace these defective pipes immediately,” he said.
Police have also received an FIR from the owner and registered the incident as a theft at Mawryngkneng Police Station.
The market is not only a place to enjoy, it is a platform for local entrepreneurs, farmers and manufacturers to showcase their talents.
“I understand that they will remove me from the post of CEM, but all they can do is appoint an administrator,” said Shylla.
The Shillong Municipal's authority over teachers is like a dictatorship in a democracy.
Perhaps there is also an expectation that by spending up to Rs 100 crore, there will be a lot of revenue which will benefit the government in many ways and not just spend.
This demand did not involve any corruption or defamation as alleged by the officer.
“I congratulate the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his vision to ensure that different states can participate in this important meeting,” Sangma said.
From Laban via Last Stop, Bishnupur, Kench's Trace, IGP, Kachari.
Nongpoh: Poultry farmers in the state, on Tuesday expressed their concern over the inability to expand the poultry farming industry because they cannot market their chickens in the state.
Shillong: Two foreigners (NBCC employees) came down in a Night Super and entered their house in Umkiang village at around 3 pm this morning. , I immediately called the Shnong leaders.
The second prize went to Swer B and the third prize went to Jalynteng. The winners received a cash prize of 25,000 tyngka for the first place. shiphew thousand for the second, and five thousand for the third.
At the welcoming ceremony held at Myntdu, Pynthorneiñ in the presence of the Dolloi of Jwai Elaka, Waheh Puramon Kynjin, Waheh Wasian of Seiñraij and Waheh Wasian of Ñiamtre from other Raij villages.
According to the statement, all government employees have been directed to arrive at their workplaces early, so that the public can access services from 10 am on all days. work.
At the same time, the Kharsyntiew Kur has warned against other people who come by force and do not use the Kharsyntiew clan and if the Kur finds such people, the Kur it shall take decisions in accordance with the laws and regulations of the Kur.
For many years now, many crimes have been committed in this area, ranging from drug trafficking, robbery, robbery and other crimes that have caused great concern for the people. women, children and the residents of the surrounding area.
Because size doesn’t really matter if these three categories aren’t within it.
The Minister said that the Integrated Village Cooperatives, Farmer Producer Organizations and Women's Collectives have been encouraged and promoted by the government to bring about change in income in the rural areas.
“We don't know whether this will happen or not, but looking at the past incidents, we can't say that there has been a harassment of the Khasi Pnars living in this area from time to time by the Karbi people. said.
Officials from the Union Women and Child Development Ministry said that in 2013-14, the states and Union Territories recorded about 1.14 crore women, but it dropped to 5 lakh. The number of children out of school in 2020-21 has risen to 3.8 lakh in 2021-22 and at the last check it was 1 lakh in November last year.
They had to come on time and leave the office on time, which means that the work culture that government employees should have to provide comfort to the people was working well at that time.
“At the death of Hen's father (Babu Ngorsing),... he was the first tymmen basan appointed by the Presbytery in Khasiland... Besides his own service, he gave to the Church in Khasiland the two whose names are very honorable: two who have become doctors, then Mr Eleasar Pugh who has been an evangelist and headmaster of ME School, Laitkynsew; , BA, BD, BSc, Mr. Frank Pugh, MA who has been the Headmaster of ME School in Shangpung for several years and Mrs. Beatrice Pugh, BA. Nichols Roy and Prof Rowland Roy Thomas are brothers, sons of Khah Than and Shitmai Syiemlieh of Shella.
The 27th Sein Kyntu Sein Raij 12 Daloi Tournament will be held at Pamtadong Village, West Jaintia Hills District on the 27th and 28th January
When asked why the EC has decided to allocate shares to the opposition MDCs, Martle said, “The question of allocating shares to the opposition MDCs has nothing to do with it. but to look after the welfare of all the people".
?" Rida asked. “Tharai, can she come, because she wants to buy something today... She also told us to carry the goods..." One of them said, “O to I don't want to meet you..." Rida said.
The custom of giving birth :- As a nation as a whole, this is very wrong, in fact this man-made custom should be changed.
It would also be good for the District Councils Khasi and Jaintia to participate, so that they can also advocate on the boundaries of the Hima, Doloiship, on those grounds that are reasonable and acceptable to the parties involved. at work.
Not only that, there are also electrical signs, electrical wires, which have been severely damaged in the storm last night.
District authorities including Magistrate MA Challam, DSP West Jaintia Hills MJ Marngar together with a team of police on receiving information about the incident, rushed to the scene and summoned several members. of the JSM to discuss this issue.
It is on this basis that the UDP and HSPDP leaders have listened to the opinions of the people and have held dozens of meetings with their leaders to discuss the issue of unity among them.
When the people became proud and sinful, God sent a plague of fire in the days of Lot (Gen.19 chapter).
Thus Israel is still in darkness without Jesus Christ.
During the inspection, the union found many shortcomings of the CHC. The shortcomings include the lack of adequate ambulance, drinking water, FRU, nurses. There are not enough staff in this CHC to provide services to the people.
He said that up to 95% of the land has been digitized but the remaining 5% is in the North East.
Especially in tourism.
“In the course of the Church, we see the need to care for the spiritual life of the faithful in many parts of the Archdiocese.
In this notice, it was seen that the Officer did not mention the rule that the Principal had violated until he was summoned to appear.
There is no sign that any other MDA members intend to contest.
There are two types of unsaturated fats – monounsaturated and polyunsaturated.
She also stressed the need to take medicines until the treatment is completed.
“Of course there are ASHAs who provide medicine if you are sick but if you need to go to the hospital, the people have to carry the patients in cars or trucks for more than 2 hours to reach Kongthong to get a vehicle. “I don't want to go to Khrang PHC or drive to Shillong,” said one woman.
Meghalaya is one of the four states that have received more financial assistance through the NDRF after being severely affected by floods, landslides and other natural disasters in
“I don't feel any difference whether I contest from the HSPDP or the UDP,” he said.
At the same time, he urged the higher authorities to do something for this brother who has shown courage and has not counted his own life but has surrendered. pum into the flames of fire only to save his brother.
He said that the union cannot just sit idly by when it has received many complaints from the electricity consumers, who have complained to the union from time to time, that is, since it is regarding the torti. in the delivery of electricity bills, the increase in electricity bills and especially for those households with low electricity consumption, however, the electricity bills have increased with the passing of the days and this has made it difficult even for the consumers to pay it.
“The network failure of the Jio Company in the area has affected not only the activities of the people who use Jio phones, but also the school children who have to attend online classes every day,” he said. KSU leaders and if from the manager of JIO to provide the network so that the work and education of the students will not be affected.
These Zonal Reservoirs in these 16 villages have also been completed.
Shillong: The body of Derik Kharpran, 21, resident of Nongthymmai, Shillong, has been recovered by the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) at 4 pm this evening. I didn't drown in the river Umdkuh.
There will also be those who will criticize me for this writing.
Mankind should not only take advantage of personal gain in the trade but should also think of the present and future generations so that they can escape from many kinds of difficulties, to have enough food. drink, to avoid many exposures.
In this incident, the player sustained minor injuries to his face.
However, she said she had received information that the Seng Kynthei Upper Shillong Pyllun also intends to march in the procession and she said that HANM wants to march with them at the same time.
He also encouraged other sportsmen not only at the national level, but also to lead at the international level.
Shillong: U Bah Ernest Mawrie, State President of the BJP, on Tuesday said that the BJP supports the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya. This is the personal speech of Bah AL Hek.
Shillong: Six people have lost their lives and 194 villages have been affected by the cyclone, said the Minister of Disaster Management, Ma Kyrmen Shylla today. Amphan' with heavy rainfall from June to July
Many buildings have been ordered to be closed until the documents are ready to be sent to the district council.
Those who attended the function included Bah Joplin Sten Sordar of Mawlasnai as the chief guest, Bah Staising Kharbteng, Dr. Kitborlang Pariat, Samla Shemphang Masharing President of Samla and others.
The Nongstoin Social Service Society (NSSS), one of the NGOs in Meghalaya, has received the Mahaveer Award presented by the Bhagwan Mahaveer Foundation, Chennai.
The meeting was held because Bah HDR Lyngdoh wants to inaugurate the project.
At the time of writing, the traffic jam is still heavy in the area where even ambulances have been stopped and have to stand in line in the traffic jam. .
The longest dorbar is the budget dorbar and apart from this dorbar it is held only as a rule.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 24: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has said that it will continue to oppose the plan of the BSF to set up a camp at Sohparu village on the road to Nongkhnum.
After Shad Sukra, there will be a Shad Kper Syntu at Umlangshor Mukhla in the evening.
“I have informed you about the start of talks in the second phase on the settlement of the border between Meghalaya and Assam and on the decision to set up Regional Committees,” he said.
Shillong: The Government's plan to implement the cable car or ropeway from Lawsohtun to Shillong at a cost of T.150 crore will be implemented after a meeting between the Minister of Tourism and Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh. Minister of State in Switzerland recently.
Finally, it was built on the site of the Indira Gandhi Cultural Centre, Dhanmundi, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Members must not be employees of District Councils, MLAs, MPs, MDCs or employees of government departments.
Richard said that the Coaching NEET and JEE Main examinations are ongoing at the school.
The UFC said it is currently expecting fighters from many more Asian countries, including China, Korea, Japan, the Philippines, Thailand, Indonesia and India. countries that have participated in the first season.
More information on this can also be obtained through the website. Those who are interested can apply online by visiting it on or before 5th July
This was announced by the Additional Deputy Commissioner (EL) I/c Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang.
Shillong, June 14: The Congress government has strongly criticized the HSPDP and UDP for amending the terms of reference of Parliamentary Secretaries. Mukul Sangma.
On this occasion, Bah Kenesjune L.Nonglait, President of FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District, said that after seeing in the media, they have not been able to see the road. They also promised in the media that what they have already inspected and promised on that day that this road should be built as a 2-lane road and not as an Intermediate Road.
Of all those years of the Mission, this year is undoubtedly the darkest.
“My inspection is that we want it to be completed soon and at present the works have been completed up to 80 percent at a cost of Rs 43 crore but the delay is that the Central Government will delay the release of the project. crore and we expect to start the ISBT in November,” said Ma Sniawbha Dhar.
Shillong, June 15: Hundreds of prominent Indian table tennis players will take part in the 83rd Senior National Table Tennis Championship which will start from 18th June here in Shillong.
Hamas militants have killed 500 Israelis, while Israeli troops have killed 313 in Gaza in an offensive by the Israel Defense Forces and The death toll has risen to
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) leader Savner Medon Pariat has strongly criticized the VPP for its religious rule, which is very painful.
They demanded that the government should release their food fees and provide for the needs of the school according to the present time.
Shillong: Despite the Meghalaya government's claim that there is no illegal coal smuggling, there are always seizures of coal trucks across the state.
“On the part of the UDP Pynursla Circle, we have never met with Bah Prestone to discuss this issue,” said Bah Ryngkat. added.
Even recently, it has been found that the people are still covering their vehicles with sun films.
The VPP's dedication and dedication to public service are the benefits for the candidate, Bah Ricky AJ Syngkon, who was also supported by the leader Bah Ardent Miller. Basiawmoit.
These 12 cases include the forgery of the White Paper with the intention of making the residents of the village residents of the Raid, the issuance of NOCs to foreigners without consultation. and without the knowledge of the village authorities, the confiscation of the land of a Khasi and changing it to a foreigner's name, the confiscation of the land of Beshalin Kharia which the Syiem gave to a foreigner named Dilip Biswa , the authorization of Mulors (held by foreigners) to issue certificates, the allocation of land to companies and government offices such as SIB without the knowledge of the village authorities, the payment of land fees. The complainants said that the Syiem has forcibly deprived the landowners of their land and confiscated their land titles. and alleged that he forcibly removed the Sordar without the knowledge of the Executive Committee, collecting taxes from market vehicles but without doing anything, whether in cleaning or development works in Majai, calling dorbars sop sop The complaint against the Sordars and Speakers against the Syiem and the stone throwing by Minister Mathew Mawdkhap in Majai against the decision of the Hima He allegedly admitted that it was the construction of a pond, but the complainants said that the pond he dug was 30/40 meters deep and this endangered children.
He said that wherever he goes, he hears that the people love the UDP and say that they need the party to get power in the state. the state.
“Although this is not exact, but since 1971 onwards, there have been many riots, the Khasi Pnar residents have had to flee their villages and this is because of the that the karbis have come to harass them directly".
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Several Congress MDCs have said that they are fully empowered to contest in the KHADC Dorbar which will start on the 23rd of this month. The ARPA in the House when it is time to vote in the House when bringing the Resolution and Cut Motion.
On this occasion, he said that the problem is that there are too many elections because the Prime Minister and his Ministers are busy campaigning from one place to another. another.
“It is Bah Banteidor who said this and he knows better but on my part the joining is not because of the offer of money because there is no such thing but it is because the NPP has given space to the issues and He said that these issues that he will bring to the NPP to implement a new government which the NPP will lead again after the elections include the ILP. , the Khasi language to be included in the fifth schedule, the relocation of those living in Them Iewmawlong, the demarcation.
Thus the Word of God says: “He came unto his own, and they that were his own received him not” (John 1:11).
Although the World Cup was held in Qatar, the spirit of the people here is not low," he said.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 13868 and the death toll has risen to
We must unite together to win this battle, give our right hand and be ready to help at any time.
Shillong, November 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh today inaugurated the 10 bed ICU projects at 14 health centres. who are located in 11 districts of the state through video conference.
Shillong: As part of the curfew, the State Government today decided to allow the opening of car parts shops and vehicle parts shops from 11th June to the shops selling pearls in all districts, except those in Iewduh and Khyndailad.
“What has happened is that the Director of Urban Affairs in 2008 and 2009 has directed MUDA to conduct a new survey with the participation of those households in Them Metor. which they have accomplished.
“If there is any change in the programmes, I will leave for Delhi before the 23rd of this month.
The deadline for submission of nominations and consideration of all the requirements is tomorrow, the 10th.
He added that the campaign to fight against Maoist insurgents has been launched in the state; Soren said that there has been a lot of hard work to win and gain the trust of the residents in the rural areas by conducting discussions and consultations with them within the team that conducted the program in the rural areas. were severely affected by Maoist insurgents.
With the aim of restoring peace and order in the villages which are still under the border dispute with Assam, the MDC of Barato-Mukroh constituency, Bah Aiborlang Shadap on Saturday called a meeting with the various village leaders at the Hall of Chaphrang Sports Club, Barato.
And finally he encouraged people not to lose hope and to have a manly spirit and bold ideas.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Nongthymmai SC have qualified for the Shillong Premier League (SPL) next season after beating Umphyrnai SC 4-0 in their last match of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. the First Division on Thursday.
The HYC on 26th June, visited the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of SCB to inform the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of SCB about this. About 80-100 households are illegally occupying this area which has also become a slum area.
The Court has denied several requests for a preliminary stay of this order.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The Assam Regiment Center (ARC) troops have rescued a sumo from an accident in front of the Army Gate today. .
He said that they have sent a rapid response team to these areas to take the necessary measures to prevent the spread of the disease in the pigs.
The internet shutdown in Manipur has been imposed since 3rd June, following clashes between the Meitei and Kuki communities following the Tribal Solidarity March held in the districts. to oppose the demand of the Meitei to recognize them as Scheduled Tribes (ST).
Dr. Basaïawmoit also explained to the public about TB, the signs and symptoms that the public should know when they get TB and how to protect themselves from in addition to preventing TB infection such as wearing masks, maintaining good hygiene and avoiding spread.
Lydia said, “I will tell you that I know well and have experienced that she doesn't come and go in their house.
The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) under the leadership of its President, Bah PK Pangniang has come to condole and provide assistance as much as possible to these families.
The jubilee celebration will fail if we ourselves do not understand and are not sure of our own future.
The JSM will award the Excellence Award to the students who have passed well in Matriculation, Class 12 and Graduate.
The death toll on Friday was 655, on Tuesday it was 738 and the death toll in Spain surpassed China's 3,2
Policies that discriminate against the citizens, especially the poor, are widespread in the country and the State.
This is a serious threat to Mexico because of the presence of such gangs who attack the authorities of the country from time to time.
The incident happened on Sunday morning at Pynthor Langteiñ under Jowai Police Station in West Jaintia Hills District.
“Secondly, after we have investigated and to continue the construction or rebuilding of this house, there should be a Third Party Audit to look into the buildings that have been built without jot that to the right and left of this middle part where the collapse occurred to determine whether they were affected or not.
The union has questioned how hundreds of cows can smuggle to Bangladesh if they do not intend to smuggle them. steak.
Not only the Kudi Nar book but also the Solar Tracker which tracks the sunrise until sunset.
He said that the Shnong through the previous leaders has seen far ahead to carry out development works in collaboration with the government.
The 5 Km race will start from the Polo Grounds, and will include all those who wish to participate and will have to register through the Office of the District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills.
“I don't know why they threaten, but no one can threaten anyone and if I do wrong there is a law to do what is necessary,” he said.
A Harvard Medical School study of women aged 60 and over found that those who ate more monounsaturated fat were protected against mental illness.
“Don't trust anyone, they will kill you later,” said Bah Chyne.
Thank youRajnishGuwahati.
Therefore, the JSU strongly demands that the MDA government should immediately arrest and punish these robbers and bloodthirsty people who want to destroy us the indigenous people.
Those who will leave our lives and deaths, therefore, must be new, ready to sacrifice themselves even to die before the death of the people.
“Finally, I had to inform you that the contract for printing the new textbooks, was awarded to another party which did not have its own publishing office.
the driver fled the scene.
After the visit, the leaders of the two organizations lodged a complaint with the Katlicherra police, demanding the immediate arrest of the suspect. .
This helps to maintain the quality of life.
During elections, it is impossible to imagine that the power of money is working properly and in such cases the people should consult carefully before taking a decision.
Hek MLA of the Congress party from Pynthorumkhrah said that this is not true.
“We are here to serve the people, we should not be afraid and I have written down all the encounters during this journey lest I forget and I will make sure that I will advocate and communicate and speak. the issues that I feel urgently need to be addressed by the government.
The song was taught by Ibansuk Lyngdoh and made available through a mobile app.
Many youths from all over the villages of Ri Bhoi District took part in the tournament.
The Seiñ Kur Sutnga 14 Khrong, Jowai has clarified that Bah Jimmy Sutnga who was arrested in recent days by the police for involvement in drug trafficking is not from the Kur Sutnga.
The eight demands of the Legal Right Observatory are that the Headmasters and management of the two schools, Hemont Zenith Secondary School, Mylliem and Sunny Hills Adventist Secondary School, Mylliem should immediately lodge a complaint against them. They urged their school children to take part in the protests in the streets against the burning of Bah Kulam Nongrum who is a Khasi.
In another match between Real Kashmir and Indian Arrows, the two teams, despite a fierce battle, had to share 10 points after scoring 10 goals each.
He said the UDP's investigation into the mismanagement of Bah Pynshngain should be conducted to find out whether it is true or not.
It is 2,000ft to 650ft and is only 3mer from the English coast.
Pala was speaking at a meeting held at the Congress office in Shillong in the presence of AICC Secretary Victor Keishing.
The ITLF, which has demanded its own sovereignty for the Kuki-Zo like other Kuki groups, has urged the President of India, the Prime Minister and Union Ministers to take a decision. to take immediate action to punish those involved in these illegal activities.
You are paid without any basis to know that you cannot form a Government or dissolve a Government without these Garo MLAs or A'chik MLAs.
