The Israeli Defense Forces said about 1,500 bodies of Hamas militants had been found in western Israel.
He said about 30 million people are affected by the disease.
In 1865, when the Government implemented the Indian Forest Act 1865, it was decided that this area should become a protected forest or reserve forest or sanctuary.
Bayern Leverkusen will now prepare to face Atalanta in the Europa League final in Dublin on Tuesday, followed by the German Cup final against Kaiserslautern. Second Division tournament in Germany.
“Until now, there are still people who are hesitant and afraid to come forward to get vaccinated but I am sure that as time goes by, the residents will understand the need to get vaccinated. ".
In a memorandum to PM Modi, AHAM President George Prince Ch.
The house belongs to Bah Medarlin Wanniang and Kong Eslinda Thongni, both of the village. Fortunately, no casualties were reported except for the damage to the house. property within the House.
Only two teams will qualify for the I.League and the round robin final round of the tournament will end on Thursday.
“He also urged the teachers who do these kinds of jobs to leave their jobs or be taken away by the VRS. teachers in all districts of the state.
Although the khapsniuh and human resources industry is a factory that can provide employment, in the Khasi Jaintia area this industry is still run by non-natives.
The MBoSE officer said that there are also special scholarships for the students as well.
The index uses a broad approach that includes 89 state-level indicators and 49 district-level indicators.
Political information: Any political issues you know or don't know are published in the newspapers.
The most important thing for any language to grow and become rich is the growth and development of languages ​​over time.
The aim of Ayushman Bhav is to promote health and ensure the quality of health care for all.
John said that there should be no laws for the 53 Himas in the Khasi Jaintia Hills and in general, Jaintia Hills does not have any laws relating to the rights of the Hima. man of the kur.
In addition, complaints have been received that some YouTubers have posted 'Press' signs on their vehicles.
We help women entrepreneurs to have the confidence to improve their work.
Nongpoh, Nailur 25: As part of the celebration of the 8th anniversary of the group's services for the improvement of income and development of the people in the area Umgyrnga, MOSONiE Socio-Economic Foundation has opened a Resource Center with the aim of providing training to the people in various fields. to improve the income and welfare of the people of Umtyrnga.
Disability Certificate for those who have disabilities.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The Urban Mission of the KJP Western Synod on the 5th of this month will hold a Food Fest and Sales of Work to raise funds for the New Life Addiction Center of the Synod.
However, this time it was mentioned that the regular use of social media and the Internet can improve mental health.
An Aprilla scooty and four mobile phones were also seized from the suspects.
Nik Dan scored 109 runs while Deibormi Rangad scored 93 runs.
“And I say this in almost every program I go to when I speak to the youth, the youth when they are misled, they are the force of all the destruction in the country.
With this victory, it will be the second time that Friends Utd XI has won the tournament.
Thomas Muktieh immediately informed the Ri-Bhoi Wildlife and Environment Preservation Society, also known as the Ri-Bhoi WEPS, a group that looks after the welfare of the mother. Mariang with all the living creatures.
The NGT has not been able to conduct scientific mining in Jharkhand, but the scientific mining in Jharkhand has been affected.
The farmers of Narwan village in an interview with Mawphor said that they have taken great care to plant this plant in the areas of the village which have been left without planting trees for many years. areas affected by coal mining.
On Prestone's statement that in the coming years the government will fight to avoid holding and ending the festival on Sunday, the JAC members said that this is the victory of those who oppose the festival. The government hopes that the government will keep its promise as it has expressed through the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
For those who walk on gravel roads, the minimum fare is 8 tyngka and the maximum is 12/- tyngka per kilometre.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said that he recently held a meeting to discuss this most important project in Shillong.
The harassment of Karbi residents on the Meghalaya-Assam border has continued in the past two days, on Saturday and Sunday morning. the fields of the Lapangaps.
The rally will start at 9:00 am from the football ground of Moopala, then there will be a mass march from 1 kilometer to the DC's office and the rally will end at 1:00 pm. Pynbait Sutnga, General Secretary, ECC, said that the meeting also decided to file a petition in the Meghalaya High Court to immediately close down all the coke factories. The waste produced by these factories has affected human health and the environment.
FKJGP Mawryngkneng Circle led by Samla Elton C Warjri and FKJGP Mawryngkneng Circle led by Samla Bristar Mawthoh Vice President rushed to the Institute to investigate from the Principal to find out the truth. The Principal agreed that he will announce the chess as directed by the party.
Dulong SC was the winner of the tournament.
On the other hand, Congress MDC Ronnie V Lyngdoh, who will contest the Legislative Assembly election from Mylliem Constituency, said that in the present Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Government, the rule of law is always for the rich.
It is reported that many of them are from outside the State.
The promotion of digital payments, the participation of Credit Unions/Banks, and Digital Payment Aggregators (DPAs) has opened up access to digital jobs and training.
Amlarem, June 18: The Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), i/c Amlarem Civil Sub-Division has informed the public that the State Commission and the District Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (SDC) have been appointed. which are fully functional.
This year, it will end with the song 'Sare Jahan Se Acha', while in previous years, it will end with the song 'To shong bad nga'
It was witnessed that some of the victims were seriously injured and some of them were lying lyngktar on the ground in the blood of the victims.
Japan also beat Germany on 23 November 2022 which was also their first match, Germany which is also the strongest team in the world and has also won the title four times World Cup but this year it failed to reach the round of
The Prime Minister does not understand that.
The BJP is currently in talks with the UDP and NPP leaders in the state to reach an agreement in the 2018 elections to vacate the Congress party which has ruled for decades. Meghalaya has a large number of Christians.
When asked about his health, Hazare said, “Don't worry.
We don't have a hand in anyone's hands.
Training Phawa, who was accused of stabbing the Waheh Chnong of Tuber Kmaishnong, Micky Lyngdoh and Denis Lyngdoh in the incident on the night of 3rd July, has immediately denied the reports and the complaint against him. he.
Before this election, Babu Linus was a close associate and supporter of the former MLA, Bah PT Sawkmie.
The Ukrainian authorities have announced that for unavoidable reasons, the country has to darken all parts of the country from that day until the damaged shlems can be repaired.
The MLA said that this day is a memorable day in the history of the school, because after decades of its existence.
“When we say that we need another 1.4 acres of land, it doesn't mean that this land has been handed over to these people, but it means that it has been handed over to the Shillong Municipal Board. .
Prof. Sonalde Desai, Professor, NACER praised the report saying, “It is a good tool for the state and district authorities to understand the tasks that need to be done better. .
Theresa Maria – 9605929938, Dr.Sr.
Mizoram came second with 18 gold, 10 silver and 9 bronze medals.
While talking to her, he suddenly said that he had to put the phone first because he had an urgent matter.
The five suspects who escaped from the jail include Lalbawihliana, 27, Dokapthang, 26, Haudeihchin, 25, Vanneihthanga, 38 and Vanlalduati,
If it is not controlled, it will cause trouble to all the residents of Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
This herb not only helps to fight against everyday diseases, but also can fight against chronic diseases and improve the health of the blood vessels.
Earlier, PWD Sniawbhalang Dhar said that the Government of India has decided not to implement the EPC after the project could not be implemented due to lack of applicants. to build this bridge.
There was also a demand to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, but it did not accept that either.
'Where does the sin of Sang come from? From here they say from Mount Diengiei' Another is known all over, Why do they say 'U Sohpetbneng'
New Delhi: The Government will ensure that the toll gates should not exceed one within 60 km, the Minister of Transport, Nitin Gadkari, today said in Parliament. implemented within the next three months.
Jowai, Jymmang 3: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has expressed its deep concern over the sudden increase in the number of school dropouts in the East Jaintia Hills District. NGT coal mining so parents can no longer support their children and it was also found that up to 11 schools in EJHD have been closed since the NGT coal mining ban. The EJNC urges the leaders of the district to find ways and means to help the children of the district especially in the field of employment.
The MPUF had asked him for a trading license, a labor license and a wholesale license but he showed only the trading license which had expired.
The residents and the district authorities appreciated the services of Kong Reliance Pyrngap to the community.
The HSPDP leaders have never met with the MLA even after several attempts to talk to him.
The General Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Bah RL Blah, said that the Union has already met with the Governor twice to convey to him the need to pass the VAB but he has not done anything yet. .
Earlier, the non-Congress MDCs in JHADC had decided to remove the Congress party from the ruling party in JHADC and to form a new EC. and you are the son of Thombor.
Shillong, Jymmang 15 : The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Railways, which recently visited Meghalaya to investigate and inspect the railway line in the state especially the Tetelia-Byrnihat line which has been suspended until now, should provide information and reply to the government. He said that the main reason for the delay is because the civil society, the people and even the people's leaders have not agreed to start because the central government has not yet issued the Inner Line Permit (ILP). Meghalaya has been demanding since 2019 through a resolution passed in the Legislative Assembly of the State, said the MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Process T Sawkmie.
Sources said that immediately after the resignation of Bah Donevan from the post of EM, the ruling PDF in KHADC has approved the name of Bah Donkupar Sumer to take over the post. EM as elected by the UDP MDCs in KHADC.
Perhaps this method of implementation of the patriotic spirit has been implemented according to the rules of the idea of ​​the Central Government, but the patriotic spirit from the hearts of the people is stirred up. to what extent cannot be explained.
The matric results were released on July 11, four days after Bhalang's arrival.
The meeting was organized by the Ministry of Borders and Tribal Affairs as part of the celebration of the progress of students under the supervision of the Ministry.
Among these, there are government departments that have not allocated land but there are also government departments that have not allocated land.
According to police, more than nine fire engines arrived immediately to extinguish the fire. According to police, it took about three hours to extinguish the fire.
Eddy Pohtam said that from their inspection of these places where the robbery took place, it can be said that the arrival of the robbers. The robbers are through unknown routes unless they are led by people who have come there and are involved with the villagers.
Therefore, it is also a pleasure for these MLAs, because during their tenure in government, they did not criticize the Congress and they were the first to praise the work done by Dr. Mukul Sangma. , who is also the Chief Minister of the State Government, but as soon as he left the Congress, it was these same MLAs, who issued Laiphewjait words to insult the Congress and accuse Dr. Mukul Sangma said.
It is suspected that Bah Kmenwell had hanged himself with a stick from a tree and his body fell to the ground.
Shavian Blah scored 24 runs from 16 balls and Angkit scored 38 runs from 13 balls. Right.
In the incident, police have arrested a 16-year-old boy from Mawlai Mali while others have escaped.
“The new rule in paragraph 2 has stipulated that the candidates who apply for the examination conducted by the DSC must also be able to speak the language spoken in that district,” he said.
The UDP, through Bah Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the party, said that the department is in short supply of funds and furthermore, the mismanagement of the funds of the party. A few days ago, Tirath Singh Rawat, Chief Minister of Uttarakhand, strongly criticized the Minister of Power and the Chairman cum Managing Director of MeECL. over worn-out ankle jeans, which tasted good, by women to wear these days.
These areas have witnessed many development works under the availability of roads and traffic safety implemented through many schemes of the central and state governments, said Shira. Furthermore, Shira said that almost all the development works that the people and the state can access is through the availability of proper roads connecting from one to the other. from one place to another while roads are the source of all income or social development.
In any case, pride should not come first.
Ma Laloo said that Rupda RY Lato has loved writing since she was a child and has published a book called Lie & Lost.
Indian cricket coach Rahul Dravid said his injury had nothing to do with a hamstring injury that has kept him out of action for months.
Jowai, Nailar : According to the Flag Code of India 2002 and the Prevention of Insults of National Honor Act, and honor her.
“But, things will work out from now on.
Speaking to media after the opening of the session, Mukul Sangma said the Opposition will look into how to make full use of the time allocated to the members of the House.
The Assistant Rangbah Shnong of Pahamsyiem, Bah Wanphrang Sumer, women's organizations and elders of the village, children and relatives of Kong Silima Lymphuid were also present. The KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has welcomed the construction of this house in Ri Bhoi District.
Guwahati: The Special Task Force (STF) of the Assam Police has seized a large quantity of heroin from Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills District with the assistance of the Meghalaya Police.
Shillong: The State Government has issued an order that all commercial vehicles operating in Shillong must install a Speed ​​Governor on their vehicles. according to the Supreme Court order issued in
Nongpoh: The RBYF Umsning Circle, through Bah Shining Thangkhiew, Publicity Officer, has strongly condemned the robbers who went to destroy the Christmas banners, which were carried by the members of the Umsning Circle from their units. different villages.
The incident ha Qualapatty is undoubtedly the most tragic incident of this era and it is the duty of the Minister of Home Affairs, the Chief of Police, to protect his own people. bylla, because it is the responsibility of the police department to prevent such natural disasters.
Saudi Arabia's troops have strengthened their borders after Iraqi troops left the border areas, causing the border to be closed. he was left without a guard.
The Dorbar Shnong calls upon all to cooperate and urges to follow the village rules and anyone who violates the village rules will be punished.
The consignor is more expensive than the weight bridges in Pyrla.
“I do not know what will happen to me today, but I do know that nothing can happen to me without your knowledge"- Christian prayer.
“The state government will suffer if it loses money after the implementation of the GST, as planned by the central government for several years,” he said.
He said that the road from Mizoram, Assam, Manipur and other states passes through the road.
We don't care how much you distribute but they should make sure that it reaches the people.
He did not speak out because perhaps many of the residents of Garo Hills also wanted to do the same.
However, only three days after the counting of votes, the BJP in the state has been shocked that its allegation, its response to the NPP, is just a childish idea, a game to deceive. to the people of the state during the elections.
There are no kurs of the Biate tribe who have settled in Jaintia Hills who are still related to the Pnars, nor are there any kurs of the Karbi tribe who are still related to the Bhoi. They are located in Ri Bhoi District.
However, the BJP president has not yet announced the names of the MLAs who want to join the BJP as they will lose their term of office.
“Maybe there are those who complain against me if I can't do what they want this is a part of life so this complaint is not a complaint but It is time to elect a new President,” said Hek.
It is the responsibility of society to protect the followers of the candidate from falling into selfishness.
Throughout the world, mothers and fathers love their children, boys & girls, because they are their flesh and blood. For example – the mother of my children has slightly long hands and bitter feet, but all 4 of my children have long hands and my feet look like women's, because they it’s my flesh – blood, not theirs mama).
At the hearing on the complaints against the Syiem of Sohra held on 25/5/2017 at the Conference Hall Shillong.
It is learned that at such a time, when the youth went to cut wood, he mistakenly touched the electrical sign and was lympat by the electrical wire.
But I encourage you to support teachers and students alike.
Residents who own land exceeding 50 acres can apply in writing along with copies of the land documents including the Survey Map of the land to the office of the Chief Executive. Officer (CEO) of Jowai Municipal Board on or before 3rd November,
Bijoy Tariang, who raised his children to be human beings and to have manners and dignity, but the spirit of the devil came to attack them. They are murderers and robbers for the sake of temporary wealth.
The HSPDP and the UDP, the two ethnic parties, have worked together in the last MLA elections and continue to do so in the current MDC elections.
Several houses have been burnt down in Zuma's hometown of Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal.
I believe that the police themselves have tried their best, but there is a need for the cooperation of the village authorities and the residents. there are many ways and means by which people can illegally do anything improper.
This can be evidenced by the first Khasi book by Thomas Jones, entitled The Book of Cassia in
The Assam Chief Minister said the Regional Committees will submit their reports within the last months of November followed by a meeting between the two Chief Ministers.
The Mawhati Block Congress Committee (MBCC) in its meeting held on 7th June 2018 at Nongjri, has congratulated Bah George B. Lyngdoh, for his initiative to talk to the Mawhati Block Congress Committee (MBCC). Minister of State for Home Affairs and to bring to the Legislative Assembly the issues of the border area, where he took the initiative to talk to the Government to completely remove the police station of the Assam Government at Umru Village, Ribhoi District. .
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Amapareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday visited the health camp organized by Fanwar Faith INC in collaboration with Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU), Jengjal Sub. Divisional Hospital, RoUTES and Seventh-Day Adventist Church at Madan Pyndeng Mawlieh, Mawshynrut, West Khasi Hills District.
For example, all the Rangbah Shnongs from the villages under the Hima should be taken to elect the Syiem.
The tournament was inaugurated by FKJGP-NKHD President Ricky Majaw, FKJ GP Nongpoh Circle President Jetwin Lyngdoh and others.
Nongpoh, Lber 23: Although the Meghalaya government has set up a revenue collection gate at Khappud village within the boundary of Maikhuli village to search or investigate the vehicles carrying stone from the quarries and stone crushers which There is no evidence to suggest that the vehicles carrying mawria have not paid the tax and have passed through the gate at Maikhuli village, the border village of Meghalaya and Assam. .
He also spoke on the Benami Act, which should be stricter, and the prevention of the influx of foreigners, by strengthening various government departments, such as the police and employees, from the department. look at the tenants.
In the men's football category, the winners were Fashioning Syngkli, Badondor Marbaniang, Rimankhraw Kharumnuid, Hubert James Lyngdoh, Da-O-Hipaia Rymbai, Firstborn Roy Khongsit, Dawandajpura Biam Pathaw, Maxy Warjri, , Dameshanbor D Gashnga, Cannyson Kharnaior, Damebanker Lyngdoh.
how shall we choose one?
The Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 1st June last year.
He said that the Village Administration Bill has also been passed by the state government for a long time.
In Meghalaya, the Visit Bharat Yatra was inaugurated in East Khasi Hills district today.
Out of the 1,12,745 applications received, only 20,000 have received credit cards and only 3,000 have received credit cards.
Sibsingh won the Under-17 women's and men's titles.
The Association has also conveyed the same demand to the Assam government and the police of Meghalaya and Assam as well.
Shillong: A landslide has occurred on the NH40 Shillong-Dawki near Laitlyngkot these days.
Announcing this at the distribution of piglets and donations to the farmers in Raksamgre, the Minister said that the money given to these PGs is the financial support for the farmers. to promote agriculture and others.
““The second option for us is to do a joint venture and they have also released a notice of interest.
Which way to reach and hold together depends on the wisdom of the elders through the struggle and the struggle to reach that goal.
The reason is that he knew that their purpose was to rule by force over the children of Jaintia.
He said that the arrangement with the KPC has not reached anywhere, therefore the government will not refuse to cancel the soskular signed with the company in the past.
Remember that if the clothes of others are on fire, you should not wash them with water.
Nongpoh: Three foreigners, who tried to enter the state illegally without proper documents, using Ranibari road and leave for Jirang, this evening have been arrested by members of the RBYF. Patharkhmah Circle in Patharkhmah and after that they were deported.
According to Balamjingsuk, the cost of making the Kudi Nar book will reach 30,000 rupees as the materials are cheaper and the price if sold will exceed this.
People who earn their living from alcohol will be free from evil, immorality and liquor outlets will be clean and safe.
Jowai, July 21: Two schools from Jowai, North Liberty HSS, have won both the U-14 and U-17 Inter School Football Tournament (Subroto Cup) The event was held at the office of the District Sports Officer.
He said that the government has announced to set up Border Out Posts in many border areas where there is no conflict but the proposal to set up BOPs is meaningless because it does not want to set up BOPs in the border areas. but the intention is to put it in the middle of the village to intimidate the residents.
At present, they have received assistance only from the hospital and ambulance authorities.
Therefore, he appealed and encouraged the party workers not to give up but to work hard without hesitation and to cooperate with the candidate for the election. It is not only for Victorealness but for all the supporters of the party.
She pulled them out of the house when the house caught fire.
Meghalaya scored 230 runs in the first innings and Mizoram scored 18/1 in the second innings. to 179 runs.
This time too, we expect the state government to provide support so that we can help the workers, especially when schools and colleges have opened as it is a time when money is needed,” he said. “We intend to meet and inform the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma when he comes to Tura, which is expected this month,” said the CEM. It is very difficult for any person to pay the salaries of the employees which is very high, as soon as they take over the job.
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: 100 priests of the Church of South India (CSI) have tested positive for the coronavirus after a meeting in Munnar last month. Two of them have died, according to the report.
“As a state as a whole, this is something that I am sure that the state as a whole will welcome this because it is one of the few states in the country that has a belief in a strong society. women, that is the giving birth to women which is part of our customs and traditions,” said the CM.
I congratulate the commercial vehicle drivers' unions who have stood up to listen to the Government.
He urged the KSU members to be brave and said, “Put your fears behind you, but let the goal and example of the nation come forward”.
He said that there has been a complaint from the Department of Journalism and Mass Communication, where the department does not have adequate equipment in terms of practical training to the children.
Fear preachers abound in the opportunities.
Revelation 6:1-17/ Revelation 8:1-5
About the Second Coming of Jesus Christ:- Since ancient times there have been many people who do not believe in the Second Coming of Jesus Christ.
The HNLC leader said that the enemy is cunning and therefore, it is necessary for the members of the Hynniewtrep people to stop fighting among themselves and to destroy each other.
It took until the 70th minute for France to score again.
There is only one State Bank of India in Jongksha and there are no banks in the surrounding areas. .
The service was enriched by the choirs at 10 pm by the Kayang Youth Church, Nongsning Youth Church, Umjalasiaw Youth Church, Moodymmai Wah Youth Church, while at 1 pm. :30 pm Samla Church Shnongrim, Mawbynna Church, Moolang Church and Standing Choir JSKJPSM. “Let us go on to perfection” (Hebrews 6:1) by Rev.F.S.Rymbai.
The Publicity Secretary of the HNLC through Facebook acknowledged and said, “The HNLC once again takes responsibility for the IED blast in Laitumkhrah.
Due to the heavy traffic jam, the Ri-Bhoi Police in the evening have banned all vehicles from entering Shillong and passing through the Damsite Bridge while the repairs are ongoing.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) is still looking for a candidate to contest from Mawphlang Constituency after the incumbent MLA from the UDP party has resigned.
In the bye election, the people elected Conrad Sangma as their leader and this too the people did the right thing as he was already the Chief Minister of the state.
In this invasion of the British into the North East, they chose Ri Khasi to build their capital, first in Sohra and later they moved to Shillong.
“We need strong laws but we should not just talk and promise to the people, otherwise we cannot and we should look for the right ones,” he said.
God's Word says, “BE RECONCILED WITH GOD.” 2 Corinthians 5:2
He said he would discuss with the central government officials on this issue which seriously affects the peace and stability of the North East and the country.
The sudden passing away of Bah HDR Lyngdoh has shocked and saddened his family, supporters and especially the United Democratic Party as a whole.
However, due to the selfishness, exploitation and thoughtlessness of selfish people, they have allowed heavy vehicles carrying timber supplies carrying rnga until the road is blocked and there is no place for small vehicles to park. still walking.
Shillong: The residents of Mawkhan Pasir village, Mylliem Community and Rural Development Block, today met with the media to express their findings through the Right to Know Act. To the Information Act (RTI), that the expenditure of funds from the budget for the implementation of various projects in the village is not clear.
Shillong: Government offices across Shillong have been closed on Tuesday, 25th November
Meghalaya's players were Padam Chettri, Mebankhraw Wahlang, Batskhem Tariang, Atlanson Kharmaw, Dawanchwa Challam, Sheen Sohktung, Figo Syndai, Raikutshisha Buam, Donlad Diengdoh, Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi, Nicksen Nongshong, Rongsen Nongshong, Rongsen Nongshong, Rongsheng Kharmaw. , Shano Dari, Belton Lartang, Six Jyrwa, Justly Sungoh.
J Treilang Suchiang said that the dorbar tlang will last for 2-3 days so that they can discuss these issues. but within a day.
The Lumsashram Jalaphet Bri Sutnga Village congratulates the MDC for his efforts to serve the people of the area especially those in need.
The young men of the village were afraid to go out to go to their work, and the parents were worried and discouraged because of their children.
Before the opening of the Eastern West Khasi Hills District, the government has also directed these 10 villages to express their wish to join the district. A public hearing was also held by the authorities and unanimously decided to join the West Khasi Hills District. Before the Public Hearing, the Union of Dorbar Shnongs of Marngor-Laitkseh Circle through the decisions of the Dorbar Shnongs of the 10 villages in the Mawthadraishan C&RD Block has sent a letter to the Mawthadraishan C&RD Block. The Government and the MLAs to request them to include these villages in the new District so that it will provide convenience to the people of these villages in terms of the needs of the Block as they used to be in Mawthadraishan C&RD. Block but it has been a source of concern for what they have already announced through the public hearing and various letters they have sent.
He said that these VPP leaders even accuse the church leaders of distributing kyiad.
However, Bah Batskhem was defeated by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh who was also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly at that time.
Section 52 A(2) of the Government of India Act (1919) states that the Legislative Assembly of the Central Government ( The Central Legislature or the Provincial Legislature shall not enact laws in the Excluded or Partially Excluded Areas but the Governor-in-Council may enforce only the laws of the State with amendments or modifications. please the Governor.
Dr Nongtdu also informed that there is a new type of scheme for the year 2022 called the Home Stay Scheme and this scheme is not available to individuals but only to groups such as societies. He also wished the society to continue to grow from time to time for the development of the region and the state as a whole.
The Regional Blood Bank Pasteur Institute Shillong and NEIGHRIMS Hospital, Shillong are the two blood bank units that received blood at the blood donation camp.
“I have urged all the children who have talents in various sports to work hard for the transformation of the state in sports and one day you will be able to play no more. not only within the State, but also in domestic and international competitions.
Meghalaya will be able to play against Sikkim on the second day.
He said that at present there are many transformers which are no longer working but MeECL has not done anything yet.
The worst affected areas in the past three days will be in East Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills, South Garo Hills. .
Sawkmie said Mawlai is the largest constituency in Meghalaya and that is why it is necessary to have a Civil Sub Division in order to bring about more development works in the area.
Besides this, there will be a question and answer session, a memorial service for the deceased MDCs and an official report.
I don't know if it's true or not.
Besides, the need to fill the wells and clean the streets in Khliehriat, the maintenance of footpaths especially in the areas inside the Sonapur tunnel were also discussed.
The Book of Psalms is a collection of songs and includes songs of praise to God, songs about the country or kingdom to songs of joy and songs of victory.
John 3:18.
Water fish and river fish are abundant in many of the rivers and streams of the state, where their presence attracts many rawon, which are able to catch and they went down to the river, and sat down to eat all day long.
There is also a strong demand by the indigenous people as well as the decision of the House which we have agreed that it is necessary to implement the ILP in Meghalaya, and we have also requested the Government of India. , but it has not given any clear signs on this matter,” said the CM. He said that the Meghalaya government is still waiting for the approval of the Central Government and is still waiting for the approval of the Central Government. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road will soon be completed.
They have vowed to stand at the gate of Raj Bhavan on 7th October if these MLAs do not return to the party.
Nongpoh: Regarding the announcement by the Civil Hospital Shillong, that an elderly man from Umwieh Snieh village who was buried yesterday has tested positive for COVID-18, Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, said: RBYF Publicity and Information Secretary Wanpher S Wahlang and Rangbah Shnong Umwiehsnieh have condemned the stingy behavior of the Civil Hospital Shillong. and what is the point of announcing that he has tested positive for COVID-19 after the burial of the body of this Rangbah?
Shiban is pleased to base the demands of the Adhoc teachers especially in such a time of crisis and the increase in the price of food items, commercial vehicle fares and others.
Nongtraw also alleged that it is true that the government has arrested and killed Christerfield Thangkhiew, the former general secretary of the party.
“We congratulate the Ranji team for qualifying for the Elite Group and playing in the final from the Plate Group.
In the past years, the government has appointed a Search Committee comprising Bah GP Wahlang as Chairman, BB Dutta, LM Sangma, Theilin Phanbuh and SG Momin to search for the Chairman and members of the committee. Local Commissioner.
Therefore, even if you cannot support me, we should not encourage anyone,” said Ma Dawan.
The opening ceremony was attended by Chairman of MGCC, Bah RV Lyngdoh, Chief Secretary, Bah WMS Pariat, Principal Secretary, Ministry of Agriculture, Bah P Kharkongor, Rangbah Shnong of the area, Bah Oris Syiem Mynriaw and other government officials.
In cold countries, wheat tends to last longer without rotting; but in the dry areas, the snowfall is so severe that it is impossible to store the rice without much loss.
The Dorbar Shnong Umling has lodged a complaint against the suspect and the Nongpoh PS is conducting an investigation.
Banteilang, an officer of the Geological Survey of India (GSI), had returned from Kolkata and was admitted to the hospital on the 5th of this month. you kpoh.
Shillong: The residents of Raid Marwet, today, turned up at the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, to protest against the proposal to sell land to the army.
This is also the first time that cyclists or mountain bikers from the state have been selected to represent India.
As you age, many of these changes come into your life.
When she reached the ground floor of the house where she used to live, she thanked Prem for his kindness and love for her.
This river is the Waikhyrwi River which is believed to have been married to a puri, Lidohkha.
“It is very sad because on the 28th he went to meet Rahul Gandhi and he came back on the 29th and on the 30th there was an announcement that Dr DD Lapang has been removed. Celestine has been appointed as the leader of the MPCC.
Looking at the leaks on the day of the launch of the MG 2024, it appears that there are still many gaps.
The GNLA joined the party on October 30,
Exhibition : means to exhibit to the public and fame is a glorious honor.
(Dr. Sylvanus Lamare was trained by Archbishop Dominic Jala, who associated with him in many areas related to literature, employment and other areas of life).
“This decision was taken as the police continue to search for insurgents in the forests in Garo Hills,” said Savio Marak, a member of the GNLA in a statement.
According to the programme, on the 3rd there will be a jngi competition, king boat competition, shon dur competition, football by the river and in the evening there will be a Miss Lukha 2023 competition and on the 4th there will be a competition. There will be a drawing competition, tracking, scuba diving and sessions.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, HYC Seng Kmie President Robertjune Kharjahrin said, “The question is who owns the place until.
The SDO (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the sale of FPS Dealers and SK Oil Retailers will end on
However, he was trusted and submitted the Draft Constitution on 14th July
“In my time, I have no interference in this case, because they believe in the court so any matter related to the law should not be interfered with. you of my work.
An Independent Inquiry Committee has been appointed to investigate the allegation of corruption in July 2021, when the Assam police admitted that they had seized Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare, has distributed 1 lakh bags of rice from a godown in Kamrup district.
We see that even the school children are less likely to give maybe they are still on holidays,” said Dr. Manners.
In the women's category, East Khasi Hills beat West Jaintia Hills 4-1
Nongpoh: Three passengers of a Tata Winger and the driver were seriously injured in an accident which happened at 1 pm today. The vehicle collided with the back of a truck, which was parked along the NH-6 in the forest area on the way from Umling village to Shillong.
Umthli, Lber 30: Through the struggles and hardships she has faced for many years in her journey, there have been times when she has lost hope. The school building was destroyed by the natural disasters but the Umthli Village Authority which runs Umthli Secondary School has been able to overcome all the problems until they have been able to build and to run the school as it is today.
“Besides these, there is also a suggestion to set up Police Out Posts in the border areas in Ri Bhoi District Block 2, but we have to arrange with the village leaders to confirm the places where they should be set up. This is the Outpost.
Speaking to media, Kronding Nongbsap said that the RTI teams met with the Governor to discuss the problems they face from the silence of the state government. pyllein has been involved in the work of the state.
Sports Secretary: Rome Mascot 9.
This makes it impossible for them to sell their soh because sometimes they sell it at the wholesale price as they sell it and to the public they sell it at the same price. .
On the other hand, it was said that when it comes to other states, such as Delhi, the same rules apply.
The incident also occurred after an argument between a young man and a shopkeeper near the place of worship.
She received a solar water pump and training in tit cultivation, pesticide-free farming and pest control methods.
A total of 44 two-wheeler drivers have been arrested till Tuesday for speeding on the Bengaluru-Mysuru Expressway, the Additional said. Karnataka Director General of Police (traffic and safety) Alok Kumar.
On the same day, the quarterfinal of the U-17 men's category was played at Third Ground, Polo. The schools that won and reached the semifinals include OM Roy Memorial HSS which won by tie breaker by 5-0 4, Tlongumïam SS, Umphyrnai Presbyterian SS beat H. Elias Memorial HSS 5-4, St. Anthony's HSS beat Sacred Heart Boy's HSS 2-1 and Shillong College Higher Secondary Education 2-1 The semifinal of the U-17 (Boys) category will be played on Saturday between OM Roy Memorial HSS and St. Anthony's HSS at 8 pm. The second semifinal will be between Umphyrnai Presbyterian SS and Shillong College Higher Secondary Education at 10:00 pm.
In the 2nd Division, Lion Sports and Youth Affairs beat Pynthorlangtein 3-1
RM ShabongHap congratulated the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, for remembering to inspect the working of MeECL, which is a department which has become very old in these days, where the ring of old sti They are not different from MCCL, because their names are the same.
He also holds the PWD (Roads) department and three other departments.
The Superintendent of Police (SP) City, Bah Vivek Syiem, said that during the arrest of these two persons, police have seized suspected drugs. Heroin weighing 1.74 gms, 4 injection needles, 3 mobile phones, a two-wheeler and 8 empty drug containers.
Police today handed over the body of Julimem Dkhar (46) to the family members and the body will be postponed tomorrow.
Mawrie said the party will continue to establish offices at the Mandal and Booth Levels and to select candidates who have the potential to win.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has issued a public notice and urged all the coal owners on the Inventory List to come and verify their coal in the district.
The UN says 240 people have been killed, including 64 civilians, in Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
We cannot say that Christianity has destroyed and destroyed the customs, traditions, legends, songs and sounds related not only to the ethnic groups throughout India but also to the ethnic groups in the country. Africa and Latin America.
They work under the supervision of the Dorbar Shnongs to ensure the collection of health information in the villages across Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 4: The Government of Shillong is deeply concerned about the traffic jam on the roads in Shillong and especially the traffic jam on the GS Road in Mawlai. stay cut by that palace hour.
Now, besides, the vehicle is more than 8 inches wide on the road.
Because you don't want to bring Jing eh to the longdin.
He said that the development projects in the state in the past three years have been implemented by the central government although the state government has not implemented the schemes. change the name of the scheme.
We as humans have a head and we have a body.
Even in Rajasthan, it will be the same as in Madhya Pradesh.
“Yes,” said Hep, “yesterday I told you that I have surrendered myself to you.
Bell said that the vehicles that come from around the world, as soon as they arrive in Shillong, they drive straight to Upper Shillong. , but there is no space to enter the vehicle and then, when we go to Kshaid Hati, there is no space to park and we have to leave”.
Kohli also informed that on the 11th of July, Union Minister Jual Oram will come to Tura to deliver a public address to campaign for Conrad Sangma.
In a statement, Mulakkal asked the faithful of the church to pray for him and for the nun so that the truth will come out. be charged against him.
Shillong, July 29: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today ended the dispute over the post of Acting Sordar of Marbisu Hima.
Employment in other Public Governments - legal provisions - legal provisions - regulatory mechanisms - the role of EBMs in enforcement.
When someone speaks Khasi, there is a need for translators, which will create jobs as translators in the two Legislative Assemblies of the country.
You can also complain to the Sub-Inspectors – 8414806738/9436110184/8731025753 or Email: sdo_amlarem@outlook.com.
“We will set a time limit and I will order the engineers and the finance department of the Council to ensure that the bills of the contractors are paid soon,” said Antonio. UDP MDC Donkupar Sumer at the budget session of the KHADC on Tuesday.
She requested Bah Bindo to fight for the translation of the books related to the laws as many people do not know well about the words of the laws.
At present, only Bah Ardent, who is the President of the VPP, has been appointed as the President of the VPP. “This will be decided by the party, because this is the decision of the party and Bah Ardent will start this.
About 25 children from all over India have been selected for the All India All-India Senior Women Selection Committee of the BCCI. The Senior Women's T20 Trophy in April 2022 and the Senior Women's One Day Trophy in July 2023 have been closely monitored. which was held in Bangalore and Nagpur.
The JNV school authorities have conducted an investigation into the incident and have expelled seven of those involved.
The meeting decided that Pnars who own land in Assam should register their land and pay tax to Assam and Karbis who own land in Meghalaya should register their land in Meghalaya and pay tax to Meghalaya. .
In West Khasi Hills, 3 cases, South West Khasi Hills 1, Ribhoi 92, West Jaintia Hills 16, East Jaintia Hills 5, West Garo Hills 82, South West Garo Hills 2, South Garo Hills 3, North Garo 5 hills.
While Ronaldo Nongbah was playing Carom Board, his brother-in-law asked Ronaldo to share with others but at that time there was a physical fight between the boy. and thy brother.
Before being appointed as DGP, Hanaman was in New Delhi.
Speaking to Rupang on Saturday, Kong Shylla, who voted for Telebishon, said that her intention to contest this election is because she sees that many women are being discriminated against and only the rape of girls, the increase in the price of food and beverages, the unemployment of youth and the land grabbing in Assam where the Khasi community living on the border has been discriminated against. .
Shillong, July 21: The state government is preparing to hire 30 security companies to ensure the smooth running of the MDC elections in KHADC and JHADC on 24th June.
They said that the Assembly as a whole supports the Hospital and the members of the Church are taking part in the healing mission of Dr Roberts.
Nongstoiñ: Nongkrem FC have qualified for the quarter final of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament (RMKOFT) after beating Marbisu FC 3-0 1 goal in the second leg of the match which was played at Mawkynjoin Laitkseh Stadium.
Even the Government's enforcement of laws prohibiting the imposition of fines on violators of the law has not frightened them.
He said that the state has improved in the social sector and the construction of roads, offices, schools and others (Infrastructure) in the state.
Today, the mob set fire to the house of the Prime Minister of the country and destroyed and looted the house of the President of the country.
All this is because we have contributed to climate change and global warming.
“Ka seng hopes that the CM through Home Minister Amit Shah will announce the demand for the implementation of ILP in Meghalaya and if the CM does not listen to the demand, the union will “It will sit again to discuss the protest program in the coming days,” he added.
An exchange of fire broke out after Rana and his aides opened fire in the direction of the police.
The woman has now had to move to Methnathol, a Khasi village in Amraghat.
The Fashion Society Shillong will also hold the Ms Supermom Beauty Pageant, a competition for single mothers who support their families alone. and their desire to start a new life.
He is the son of Bah Hobar Khongsdam, a 14-15 year old student of Class IX.
“Yes, I'm still alive,” said the son.
Wapung King Cobra, 3.
The main reason for their opposition to the upgradation of Jaraiñ PHC to Sub-Divisional Hospital is that Jaraiñ PHC is located outside the Head Quarter.
“The Khasi language is no longer short in length, there are many writers, there are many researchers, it is spoken by more than 14 lakh people, it has become a language that can be to be used in various offices in the state, it is a language that has been introduced since the time of the British rule, it has been recognized by introducing it in schools and colleges, it has a long and mature language. Because it has different languages ​​from east to west, from east to west, the languages ​​of the Khasi language are beautiful as a whole, it is no longer only for PG Level, Mphil, but it has also entered as the language of instruction in various fields such as computer education and others.
The opening ceremony was attended by Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court Sanjib Banerjee, Minister of Education Rakkam A. Sangma, Vice Chancellor of the University, Prof Indrajit Dube and other other.
In this inquiry, Saleng also asked what the government has done about the plastic rice which he brought for example in the last session and said where the government has put the plastic rice without testing it. he.
Speaking on the incident, the residents of the village said that the cause of the incident was due to the cut off of the electrical signal inside the house. Electricity which caused the fire and which caused the house to burn down.
After this, speeches were delivered by the Chief Guest JK Rymbai and FWBlah.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Income Tax Department of the Union Government has received a complaint from the Khasi rich in the state who deposit thousands of rupees per day.
There are now 900 million citizens who have been forced to look for jobs because they cannot find any job, according to a report by the CMIE. , on the pollution of the accommodation and outdoor areas of the athletes, for the Meghalaya Games.
The G20 Conclave was attended by experts from around the world and will end on Thursday.
At the same time, she welcomed the transfer of the villages which used to belong to Nongstoin but have now been transferred to Langrin MDC constituency.
He said he was Additional Deputy Commissioner of Phek from 1961 to 1963 and Deputy Commissioner of Kohima from 1963 to
The election was conducted by the Syiem Khynnah of Mylliem Hima together with Minister Kharsati, Minister Kharbuki and the Chairman from the District Council Office.
In the under 64 kg category, Posen Kongkang of Arunachal Pradesh won the gold medal by 77 kg in the snatch, 97 kg in the C&J category and 174 kg in the total. Shandtrella Huyam of Manipur won the silver medal in the snatch with 70 kg while in the C&J category with 92 kg and a total of 162 kg.
City will have to fight to keep Kyle Walker and Bernardo Silva, while two Croatian players, Mateo Kovacic and Josko Gvardiol, are new signings.
You don't need a cctv but you know that this targets the Khasi because if it happens to a foreigner, the law doesn't apply.
:The Leader of the Opposition in the KHADC, Titosstarwell Chyne, on Monday, said that he will soon discuss with the Executive Committee on the progress of the division of constituencies before the elections. it shall be five years.
He said that many people have insulted Bah Hoping and called him 12 A, because from time to time he has demanded that the rule should be removed from the the terms of the Sith Schedule.
I also urge you dear readers to take this article as a suggestion and symbol of thought.
The Congress party has called for this application to count how many of its MLAs have not applied for tickets to contest the election and this will ensure that the party will be able to find another candidate.
According to the RBI's income statistics, the income growth in Meghalaya was only 2% from 2011-12 to 2017-2
When we buy any goods including food and beverages, we pay along with the Indirect Tax.
“A plane carrying 15 passengers and three crew members left Pokhara airport at 12:40 pm and could not catch the airport tower signal minutes after taking off,” he said. Nepal Airlines officials said.
“The search operation was conducted in collaboration with the Indian Army and JKP,” he said.
Meanwhile, Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently at the Proactive Governance and Timely Implementation (PRAGATI) meeting, urged the Chief Ministers of those states which are still slow to implement the Aadhar number. They should complete the project within this year to issue Aadhar cards to the people.
She said that her sister sustained injuries to her legs and is now being treated at the village.
The DSO office invites all schools in East Jaintia Hills to participate in this tournament.
“Recently I said that Dr Mukul Sangma is an old man and he will not make a mistake and I also said that Bah Vincent is an old man and he will not allow him to Dr Mukul will make a mistake but what has happened now is exactly what I said,” he said.
Speaking to media, Waheh Shnong of Narwan, Bah Lamsuk Langstang said that the purpose of the Sohniamtra Festival is to encourage the people to visit the soh fields that existed decades ago in the village. Narwan and also to introduce the beautiful places around Narwan Village.
This morning, a complaint was lodged with the Mawngap Police Station who came to investigate the incident and register it according to the law.
Because He gives, He takes, not others have the right to do that,” said Bah Shanbor.
The Voice of the People (VPP) General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon on Friday sent a letter to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma urging him to expedite the setting up of an expert committee to investigate the case. details regarding the job reservation policy in the State.
Hemanta Bishwa Sharma, MLA Mookaiaw and Nartiang, said that the Minister of Jaintia Hills has appointed Konrad as the CM of Assam.
Gokhale, on the other hand, demanded an independent court-monitored inquiry into the incident.
The closure of the market is due to the increasing number of cases of covid 19 in the area.
There have been many speeches and articles about the indigenous people living in Meghalaya. Most of those articles explain that there are three indigenous tribes in Meghalaya, the Garo, the Khasi and the Jaintia. In the 11th Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, there was a speech which said that the Khasi and Jaintia are not the same people.
On 31st July, 2022, the state government announced its decision to relocate these 342 households on a 2.5 acre plot of land belonging to the Shillong Municipal Board.
I see the benefits and potential of this platform to be a platform to explore many things, to rethink good deeds and to introduce new ideas.
This could be a tough match for Lajong and they need to showcase their special talent to win.
The slogan “In your own country do whatever you want” is the cry of children, fools, rioters, robbers or thieves.
Hyderabad: The deception of people has increased in these days, in which they have dared to deceive even the gods and this incident, is, of a man, who went to pray himself in a temple. During the visit, he also deposited a check of Rs 100 crore as a donation to the Sri Varaha Lakshmi Narasimha Swamy Temple. , such as the Simhachalam Temple) in Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh.
When turning to the nguh ka dem, the Sordar took the lead in building the altar of incense by cleaning it with a lamet, then added the cleaning of the three tynsong siej filled with the lamet. um and in another bowl, all the seeds of rynnai, of all kinds of plants, which, like the people of the village, they cultivate and plant in their fields or fields. that of them.
Shillong, March 11 : Thirty-seven athletes under the banner of the Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) have been selected to represent the state in the 34th East Zone Athletics Championship. will be held in Kolkata, West Bengal from 17th to 19th March,
“In my understanding, the Congress does not agree with this proposal.
Of these, 11 cases are from rural areas and 10 cases from urban areas of the district. 19 cases have not been injected and 2 cases have not been fully injected.
The truck parking lot in front of the sales office is bustling with dewbilat trucks and those who wait overnight to load in the morning and busy in the kitchen for dinner.
You can also call 8787741908, 8837455884 and
THEREFORE,,ITS UPTO THE E.C.I.4GET ’bout that democratic form of system,watsoever.1 could understand dat democracy does’nt apply to Qulfctn…but still…wen it comes to LEGISLATION.QUALIFICATON RULES…….
He said that the payment will be only for those who want to test themselves but also for those who are High Risk Contacts and those who have been ordered by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to go for testing. and those who do not have a BPL card are exempt from this payment.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a warning for heavy rain and thunderstorms in the state from the 27th to the 28th of this month.
Besides the placards, one of the demands that was heard on this day was, “What we want...Peace.
KSU Leimow Unit led by President Javelin Shadap and General Secretary have met with the EE of PHE (RWS Division) Jowai regarding the water shortage in Mootyrchiah and Mukhap villages.
“Such initiatives may have been implemented in some parts of the state but it is too early to implement them,” he said.
The General Meeting of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills-Wapung Circle was awarded to the youth of the Dkhar Kur who have brought glory to the Kur and the family. The Kur Dkhar honored and awarded prizes and certificates to 25 children of the Kur Dkhar.
“I am happy to represent the state and win the title of Mrs Vogue Star 2023 and I will continue to compete in other competitions to encourage other women who have taken the title of women to achieve “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Sangita Marak.
I and Bah Ronnie went to Delhi to meet with the leaders of the TMC. If we send our supporters to support the TMC in Garo Hills tomorrow if they (TMC) join the BJP, it shows that we send our employees to the BJP, because we know that TMC leaders have talks and understanding with the BJP.” “Our duty as party leaders is to explain to our leaders in Delhi as well.
So the shooting moved to another place.
The first, second and third place winners will be admitted directly to the National Level Reality Show of India and the top finalists of Ri Lum Jaintia Superstar Season-I will be admitted directly to the Semi Finals of Meghalaya Superstar State Level Season-V. Ayesha Suchiang, President of Jaintia Production, said in a statement.
You can't imagine that a sheep will cost up to T.1 crore, but this is true and the reason is because it has the number 786 on its body, which is the number, If you are a Muslim, you are very worthy.
Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) after receiving information about the protest, tried to talk to the leaders of the Twipra Students' Federation (TSF) to end the protest and bring peace to the students.
Dakti Craft Shillong is a manufacturer of handicrafts and the products it produces are made of wood, clay, rimet and ksai without the use of plastic.
At this meeting, the new office bearers were honored and entrusted with their duties.
The High Court issued the order after hearing a complaint by Bah Sdangyoo L Dkhar who admitted that he was appointed by the KHADC as the Council Agent to collect revenue and look after the revenue. The case was concluded today.
The committee also requests all the guests to respect the environment and to take responsibility for the Please follow along by collecting and disposing of garbage or waste resulting from the use of participants in the climb.
“This is a goal for the villages in the state,” said the Principal Secretary of PHE. He said that in the last three years, the work has progressed well to implement this project.
Let us trust in the Almighty, no matter what happens, time will heal.
The Chad Sukra festival is a celebration before the sowing of seeds in the fields.
The program was concluded with the distribution of prizes to the winners of various competitions and the swearing-in ceremony of the NIPUN. ) on the 12th of this month has welcomed dozens of leaders and members to the HNYM Mylliem Zone.
During the meeting, the FKJGP, the Syiem and the Rangbah Shnong, urged Kong RM Kurbah, to take action on this recent incident and that is to deploy police. to patrol the area, so that it can be stopped if the people of the Assam government, come to rob the land, as has happened recently.
In fact, the target was to complete the road in two and a half years but it was supposed to be completed by 2024 but now it has been postponed to 2026 if the work goes well.
The Dorbar Shnong has also informed that the road is currently undergoing repairs to be repaired and cleaned as it is badly damaged.
According to information from the village, these people have just arrived from Assam for about 10 months.
"On the number of opponents, he said that even in the United States, there is always the opinion of the people.
However, it is understood that the leading Congress candidates in the mid-term elections will be Bah Lapang, Bah Prestone and Bah HDR Lyngdoh. Dr. Mukul Sangma will also contest the election.
Shillong, July 07 : U Siddharth Banerjee, one of the employees of Star Cement, Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills District, has lodged a complaint with the police that unidentified persons have stolen equipment from the warehouse. The price of these products has reached T.1,88,17,8
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lahkmen expressed his appreciation to the teachers for their contribution to the society despite the challenges they have to go through.
It is to be recalled that there are 12 clubs taking part in the Womens League and the tournament started on 19th July, the same day as the Meghalaya tournament. State League (MSL).
In this regard, 'U Nongsaiñ Hima' who visited the scene confirmed that the body of the youth was found from a valley in Krang village. the place where the body of the young woman was found.
He said that at that time, the people who assaulted and injured Sistina were in the custody of the police. During the conversation, the OC asked her what she wanted to do. She also stands firm to proceed with the case as her complaint is based on the facts.
Therefore, the first authority is the Meikha to accept or reject her children according to her understanding of her customs.
Umsatian FC B beat Wahiajer Narpuh FC B 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Besides the teachers, students and residents of Nongmawlong, the Silver Jubilee of the school was attended by the MLA of Umsning, Bah Jason Sawkmie Mawlong as the chief guest. Rev.LS Nongphlang, Pastor Rangbah Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod was the chief guest and in the presence of pastors, elders and other dignitaries.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Ministry of Social Welfare has decided to create and appoint 14 more posts to ensure the effectiveness, strength and smooth running of the Child Helpline Service in Meghalaya.
These include EGH: 2, EJH: 4, EKH: 92, NGH: 3, RBD: 9, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 49, WGH: 12, WJH: 16 and WKH:
From West Jaintia, 397 cows were seized and from East Jaintia, 172 cows were seized.
He said that if there are up to 10 players who are sick in a month, any team has the right to ask for time to postpone the match.
“However, every state has its own challenges, and in our state, the introduction of the train is an issue that many groups have expressed concern about, especially in terms of attendance spirit that picture.
Therefore, the union urgently demands from the state government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma to take action and implement the State Youth Policy 2021 immediately so that the youth who bring fame and glory to the state They will receive scholarships as specially allocated for them.
This was stated by the Waheh Shnong, Bah Yooshida Nongspung after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong District at Khanduli on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, Civilo Ch Momin of South West Garo Hills beat Nangkiewshaphrang of Eastern West 23-21, 21-1
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has urged the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to close down the foreign shops without trading licenses in Ïewduh.
In another match, B.Sumeeth Reddy and Ashwini Ashwini Ponnappa lost to Chinese Taipei; and Chang Ko-Chi  & Lee Chih Chen  from 21-15, 21-17.
Forty table tennis players from the State have taken part in the 84th Senior National & Inter State Table Tennis Championship 2023, which started on Tuesday at the New Multipurpose Hall, MA Stadium, Jammu.
He said that the Tourism Department has many projects and schemes and it is up to the land owners how to do it.
Here we are not talking about the ten weeks of the months or the 4 weeks of the month.
However, that method of appointment was not in accordance with the law and he appointed only those whom he wanted, gradually infecting the computer with viruses.
The STARS Program implemented in Odisha and three states including Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh and Himachal Pradesh was supervised by Pradhan.
I feel that the EC needs to have all the parties at this time,” he said.
“We have done a pilot project in Ribhoi district and we will do it in other states,” he said.
The people of the state are in shock, hopelessness and anger over the internet shutdown.
It is worth mentioning that since the founding of the Sengbhalang Islam in Jirang, there have been many comments on social media and which have spread throughout the Khasi Hills. Many discussions have been held on the occasion of the Sengbhalang Islam Jirang Unit.
According to information received, the incident happened at 9 pm this morning when Pooja Sarkar from Assam went to eat with her friends near the river. The young woman was about to swim, but when she wanted to swim, she fell into the river, but because of the water shortage, her friends couldn't see her. and help her.
The hope of a new Heaven and a new Earth was very strong in the days of the ancient Hebrews.
In conclusion, he urged that to bring about development in all aspects, there must be 'unity which is strength, perseverance which is victory and vision which brings prosperity'
Shillong, July 20: U DP MDC from Nongkrem constituency, Bah HS Shylla, has strongly supported the Executive Committee of the KHADC led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. Pynshngaiñ 's EC has been rejected by the opposition including the Congress , Congress and Independent parties .
Besides, according to the information we have received through the interview with the officer, is that the method of searching foreigners, is only Epic and Pan Card and there is no law against them. Those who enter illegally without proper documents, said Samla Lester Nongbet.
Speaking at the upgradation ceremony of the PHC, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “With this upgradation of the Sub Center to the PHC, the people of Tyrsad and the surrounding villages will benefit greatly. they have been getting adequate medical care.
Meghalaya will play against Uttar Pradesh on 28th March, Rajasthan on 30th March, Assam on 1st November and Assam on 5th March. On November 10 against Andhra Pradesh, on 7th November against Bengal and on 9th November against Railways.
The President of the Seng Samla of Hima Langrin, Bah PS Lyngdoh, while speaking at the meeting, gave his words of encouragement and urged the students to continue to work hard and do better. they have given up only what they have now.
Dhoni stepped down as India's ODI T20 captain in July 2017 ahead of the ODI series at home against England.
Nurse D.Basaiawmoid, Sd.
Shillong: The Meghalaya LP School Contractual Teachers Association (MLPSCTA) today gave two months to the state government to take a decision to reinstate them. The protest was held at the Chief Minister's Office.
:FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District led by Bah Kenesjune Nonglait, President and Bah Balse Kharbani, General Secretary together with several members today met with the Deputy Commissioner. Southwest Khasi Hills District, Bah T.Lyngwa to seek clarification on the postponement of the construction of the 2 lane road, across the Borbasing Ranikor bridge which passes through Mawthabah and also to seek clarification from the office of D /C has no information on the work of the same Dhar Construction Company from Borbasing Ranikor Bridge which is 5 kms to Alikwareng Road which has reduced the road from 2 lane to Intermediate Road. and they didn't do it as they should have done.
Finally, he urged the leaders and members of the KSU Nongpoh Circle not to forget the four things which are compassion, responsibility, honesty and honesty, he added.
The Fresher's Meet 2023 was held at the Auditorium Hall of UCC College. The meeting was held at the Auditorium Hall of UCC College.
Thank you-Thank you very much.
His visit was part of his efforts to seek the support of the residents, said Bah Michael.
The opposition has now lost two Congress members including Awhai Andrew Shullai and Holando Lamin after former JHADC Chairman Arbor Hima Darnei and Aiborlang Shadap joined the JHADC. Lakhon Biam will not be in the opposition.
Security doesn’t always have to do with intimidation, especially with rumors.
Speaking to media, he said that the reason for the dismissal of the contract teachers is that the government has taken this decision to appoint full time teachers.
The number of Khar birds is a wonderful proverb that as they increase and grow, so does the influx of foreign birds like the Bihari Khar. or Adivasi, Bodo, Boro, with the illegal entry of Bangladeshis, Nepalis, Bhutanese and Tibetans (poi-wir) to earn money, to invade villages. and I will not dwell therein, neither shall I be free.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has supported the decision of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to introduce the provisions of the Anti-Mynder Act into the existing laws. before the Council.
The delegates took an active part in the planting programme, in which some of them brought their own trees to contribute to the beauty of the grounds of the school.
This shows that he was one of the most prominent Welsh Missionary songwriters in the Khasi Hills.
Besides Conrad, the EC has also sent two MDC names to become EMs but these have not been approved yet.
If we want to be clean, we must be clean in our speech.
Initially, he said, he tried to seek assistance from various government departments but they said there were no such schemes to help herbalists, and there were other departments that asked for documents. He said that when he went to DHS to apply for a permit, the department could not recognize them as humanitarian workers. .
Nongpoh: A sudden fire broke out at Nomiwell Memorial Secondary School, Sajer, Nongpoh this evening at 6 pm. in the middle of the city of Nongpoh.
The woman was rushed to the Assam Medical College and Hospital (AMCH) but died before receiving proper treatment.
The North Eastern States were created under the North Eastern Areas (Reorganisation) Act 1971 and Meghalaya was created with three District Councils, Cantonments and Municipalities.
Speaking to media, James said, “The announcement of the scheme by the TMC Chairperson is only because the elections are approaching and such promises are only to mislead the voters. “He added that the people should also see what the state government has brought and given.
In this regard, TMC workers will visit every household in the state, where more than 10,000 party workers will take part in the campaign to raise awareness among the people. about this scheme, which will benefit all women in Meghalaya.
As usual, before the start of the shad, the leaders of the Seng Khasi gathered in the grounds of the sengseng in Mawkhar, along with the male and female dancers and the duhalia for the purpose of performing the nguh ka dem.
The District Magistrate, Eastern West Khasi Hills District has banned the holding of a khwai competition for more than 1 lakh cash prizes across the district.
Border Guard Battalion 172 Meghalaya BSF seized 190 bottles of Phensedyl while trying to smuggle it from the border of East Jaintia Hill of Meghalaya to Bangladesh.
Daiasngewhun Kharbudnah represented the state in the U-14 tournament in Punjab this year where the country came third.
For that reason, man needs and fights against him now not with the sword or the spear but “with the whole armor of God.
Shillong: The residents of Mukroh area are also facing the same problem as other residents on the border, where they have been harassed by 40 ethnic groups of people from Assam especially the farmers.
On October 3, 10 days after the counting of votes, two HSPDP MLAs arrived at the residence of former Minister, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, in Shillong after the UDP. has called for a meeting of all the MLAs who have won from the ethnic parties.
At the same time, he said that from 2019-20, the government has implemented the Second Mission to promote fisheries with an allocation of T.367 crore for five years.
The meeting also discussed the package-I, package-4 and package-5 for the construction of the road. Shillong-Dawki road.
Hamas said on Tuesday that Hamas officials were considering the ceasefire proposals and peace talks with Israel.
Apart from Shillong, these five townships are Tura, Baghmara, Nongstoin, Resubelpara, Mairang, Nongpoh, Williamnagar and Jowai.
In the recurve tournament, the hopes of the country's teams now lie in the country's strongest team of Dhiraj Bommadevara and Simranjeet Kaur.
Ukraine's president on Friday said that if Ukraine does not receive support from the United States, it will lose the war against Russia.
Due to the heavy rain, they could not complete the race until they reached Mainop.
“On the other hand, the company officials said that the network will not be complete within these days which they have promised to complete and even if they recharge there will be no proper network,” said Bah Evanfield.
On the closing ceremony of the tournament, Bah Dundee C.Khongsit, President of FKJGP, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP Ri Bhoi and many others were present. The match on that day, in all the rounds of the match, ended in a 1-1 draw, so in order to decide the winner and loser, the referees Moses United defeated Brotherhood Bhoirymbong and won the title, which also won a cash prize of T. 20,000 and a trophy, while the loser received a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy.
The winners of the skit competition were the students of the Department of Social Work, Martin Luther Christian University.
However, these teachers are not the owners because they are appointed by the school authorities and the government only looks at their qualifications and pays salaries because they serve the people of the state,” he said. said the Prime Minister's Secretary.
“This government has promised to provide 2 crore jobs per annum but it has created only 16 lakh jobs and that too through contract jobs and sales to companies which is not a safety for the workers,” she said. said.
Hek said the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has already completed his quarantine and in the coming days he will be tested again to confirm that he has recovered from Covid-1
On the border disputes between Assam and Meghalaya, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Nagaland and Tripura and Mizoram, Rajnath urged the Chief Ministers to resolve them through mutual agreement with the states. to not cause any trouble.
“We cannot accept the explanations of the state government because the court orders require the state government to prepare rules by intelligent people so that the construction of structures near the rivers, especially in Umïam, you can't stop.
He said that during these years of BJP rule, the people have faced only problems and none of its promises have been fulfilled.
When we talk about the purpose of establishing this union, there are many purposes, but the most important is to look after the problems of the people who live in poverty, to provide for all the needs of the household. which is the day.
He said that the number of youths in the SC has not increased because the information has been given in a short period of time, but even so, the management has tried to send or inform to everyone. the village.
However, the political parties are still considering before raising questions or suggestions,” said Dr Ampareen.
MEPA sends its condolences to the family of the deceased journalist.
Guwahati, Nailar 4: The helicopter of Pawan Hans, which went missing at 11 pm today, was found in a forest in Arunachal Pradesh and rescuers are on their way to the scene. and to rescue those on board the helicopter.
Others work in government jobs, others in business, others in business, others in self-employment.
Others are individual IND.These are signs of division and unity.
Shillong: The Government today decided to extend the distance from 300 meters to 100 meters from places where there are schools, health centers and places of worship.
The transportation fee to the coal mine can be requested from the coal owners because it stores the coal all over the place”.
At this meeting, the Union, with the consent of the people, unanimously decided to give 2 months to the Syiem to resolve the issues, otherwise the Union will not be able to close down. the office of the Syiem of the Nobosohphoh Hima.
“Who is the cause and who should take responsibility for the dramatization of the life and death of the Jaitbynriew, let the people judge, ask and decide,” he said.
At the meeting, the office bearers of the two Mandals, Mawkyrwat and Ranikor, also discussed the upcoming MDC elections and the strengthening of the party in these two areas.
The Super XI bowlers managed to score 114 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 18.5 overs, thus leading the Hurricanes to win by 19 runs. .
K Wanniang scored 22 runs.
France beat Poland 3-1 in the round of 16 on Sunday night at the World Cup.
There are some elders who say that these days, whether in the villages, churches, or in politics, the poor if they are good and know people, know God and are wise and understanding. how many spirits shall not be counted.
The polling station was decorated with cups and no plastic was used at all in the so-called Green Polling Booth.
These vehicles include a new Scorpio, a new Bolero, two new Swift Desire, two Bajaj motorcycles and all of them do not have number plates. without giving the court papers.
Rynsun : Rynsun is a good source of anti-microbial and anti-oxidant properties. It contains compounds known as allicin.
She said that after being removed from the cabinet, Bah Hek himself has lost his way.
“However, the clear rules to detect allegations of misuse in the Saubhagya Scheme as well as the difference in the price of Smart Meters were not included in the announcement of the Inquiry Commission.
Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that the purpose of the meeting was to get these inspectors of health centers in Jirang. information on the shortcomings in these health centers and as expressed by the inspectors, he will inform the Minister of Health and also the government to improve these shortcomings, so that the people Jirang Constituency to receive adequate health care and especially to those poor families who cannot afford to go to private health centres, u added.
To encourage the residents to cooperate and strengthen themselves to be aware of self-injury and suicide through prevention action.
Neighboring countries such as Bhutan, Bangladesh and Myanmar have trade relations with the state and have the potential to expand to other countries in East Asia.
This is the Son whom God sent from heaven to earth to speak for Himself about righteousness and the Kingdom of God.
They should also remember not to leave children alone near the fire, near the heater or in the kitchen.
We have also hoped that NEHU will take action by understanding the situation of colleges in the state and will gather all those involved in education at college level to discuss how to bring about the good policy and to help everyone.
Commenting briefly as his subordinate, Dey said that Leoberth is a very religious worker and a man who is dedicated to working physically and spiritually in the workplace. a portion of the sins committed by the said defendant knowingly and without knowledge.
He said that the Dkhar who attacked the woman was a bylla in these areas.
Iawphniaw said that it is because of the non-response of the CMD and the Management of MeECL, after the expiry of the deadline on their part as casual workers, they have come out to protest. They also refused to sign the temporary agreement.
Shillong: Former Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titos Sterwell Chyne today admitted that the Executive Committee led by CEM Pyniaid Sing Syi has been ready to bring about the amendment of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. District Administration of Elaka (Amen dment) Bill 2023.
On the other hand, the Seng, after hearing this voice from the DMHO, urged the government to take action and put an ambulance inside the hospital, so that it can to facilitate the public and especially those who are seriously ill and need to be transferred to other hospitals at any time.
She also demanded that the government should implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and suspend the National Population Register (NPR) without proper laws and regulations. you have sent pictures to the State.
Union President Michael Musahari and General Secretary Charparty Warjri alleged that the authorities in charge of the company have not paid the money they applied for since 2013 and those who have sat down.
It is a new project in the state which has not been heard from time to time.
These include 16 East Khasi Hills, 19 West Garo Hills, 16 Ri Bhoi, 4 South West Garo Hills, 1 West Khasi Hills, 2 South West Khasi Hills, 28 West Jaintia Hills, 10 North Garo Hills and 4 Eastern West Khasi Hills. , East Jaintia Hills 4 and East Garo Hills
The BJP Meghalaya Kisan Morcha in collaboration with the BJP National Kisan Morcha (BNP) has organized the first NAMO Kabaddi Tournament in the state. Two places, one at Sohra Sub-Division, EKH on the 20th of this month in the morning and one at Ri Bhoi District in the evening.
Shillong: Ampareen Lyngdoh, who was appointed by former AICC President Rahul Gandhi, today said she has sent her resignation letter as the Governor of Mizoram as part of her resignation. president of Rahul Gandhi.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that due to the rapid increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in these three cities, the government has decided to increase the number of cases in the country. The government has decided to impose a containment measure in Shillong, Jowai and Tura for 10 days.
The Minister said that the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav – NE Festival which was held from 28th June to 4th June has helped to start discussions on important issues that have become very important from for those who influence policies and for the public.
According to the state police, the BSF troops are from Battalion No 199, Latiapura border outpost.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) on Thursday, on receiving information about the visit of the Minister of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui to Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai, took to the streets to hold a placard in front of the entrance gate. to college.
Shillong, March 11: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) has decided to extend the boundary of the Shillong Municipal Board. (SMB) should receive a lot of money from the central government.
Of course, Meghalaya is not the richest state compared to others.
It is to be recalled that the Lyngkhat Football Stadium has also produced the famous footballer Aibor Khongjee who led the Indian team.
The next day, the Rangbah on the side of Bah Shanbor left for Shillong and went to the Police Station to get the news.
However, the state government has faced difficulties in meeting the requirements for the implementation of the scheme, in which 18,44,000 people in rural areas and 3,12,000 in urban areas will benefit from this scheme.
ASHAs are trained in the field of health and their services are far superior to those of other health workers.
In another semi final, Ïewrynghep Secondary School beat Tyrsad Higher Secondary School 3-1
However, although the pastor announced that Ardent has not been allowed to hold a meeting at the Student Square, media reports said that the meeting of Ardent will continue at Madan Student.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has invited entries for the Under-13 Football League Tournament
JOWAI: The Border Security Force (BSF) has seized 70 cows from Muktapur area, today.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, spoke on the violence against women and at the same time on the need to protect the rights of children and women. longkmie.
Israel shall plunder those who plundered them and plunder those who plundered them, says the Lord.
Four Congress MDCs including Antonio, Hadrian Lyngdoh, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Albinus Lyngdoh and Victor Rani have resigned from the Congress party. Their leader, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has been suspended for three years from the party for his anti-party activities.
Police are investigating the incident.
The meeting was attended by Shillong MP Vincent H Pala, MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh and others.
Besides the employees of JHADC, except for the officers, the opposition MDCs did not participate in the opening ceremony.
She said that this payment was paid directly to the YouTube Google Ad Account, and added that nothing was spent on advertisements in newspapers and others in the last part of the year (financial). year) 2022-23.
It is important for families to be vigilant and as parents we need to keep a close eye on our children.
The former Prime Minister of Pynursla, 3,68, 3.1 2.3.
The deceased was identified as Mohammed Hussain Siddiqui.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83371 and out of these 81286 have recovered and 1446 have died.
She said that the reason why the government has expedited the opening of the jail is to reduce the overcrowding of prisoners in the District Jail in Shillong. “The presence of jails in each district will also help to reduce crime, as the jail itself is a place to change the minds of criminals,” said Kong Roshan Warjri.
The age of busyness, the age of running makes us think only of the needs of the body.
Seinbhalang Shkentalang beat Man-I-Bha 1-0 in the Super Division Football League sponsored by ASSA on Tuesday at Ladjaplem Stadium, Amlarem.
He said that the profit and loss and management of SM is the government itself so it is not appropriate to compare SM with other municipalities, said Bah Pyngrope.
In the past, this area was inhabited by Gorkhalis or Nepalis but later it was inhabited by Khasi residents of Sangriang.
The Secretary of the Mawphanlur Co-operative Society, Bah Boney Lyngdoh, said that the closure of the tourist spot will affect not only the residents of Mawphanlur but also the income of the area. He said that the tourists should benefit from the tourists but it should also be protected as the income will not be worth the health.
Not only that, police have also arrested one of the leaders of the group which consists of only six members along with three AK rifles, one carbine and three pistols. still actively trying to get rid of the group.
Forget the vote bank or it will turn against your children and grandchildren.
The Court said it expects the AAI to take measures to seek approval from the Ministry of Civil Aviation, New Delhi and to talk to the Government of Bhutan so that the judges can visit the AAI. Think International Airport.
However,the people are against it.
“The TMS was implemented in 2010 and we started only with I-League clubs.
Alexander Marwein, who was convicted under Section 452 IPC, of ​​burglary with intent to injure, was sentenced to seven years in jail along with A fine of T.10,000 thousand and if he does not pay the fine he will be sentenced to another six months in jail.
“We request the department to punish the violators,” said Bah Synrem.
The voting for Dolloi in the 18 Elaka of Jaintia Hills is only for men, even though the land, shyiap, tribe and land are taken care of by women, but women themselves do not have the right to elect the Dolloi. for this has been the teaching of the ancients which has become the custom and tradition of the Khad-ar Dolloi.
According to the mother of Banrilang Rani, they have to walk for many hours to buy and sell food. Mawsadang is a village near Tyrsad.
These candidates include Equator Nongrang MDC from Mairang, former BJP Youth Wing President Kurkalang from Nongkrem, Hopingstone Bareh from Sutnga Narwan, Krison Langstang from Sumer, Finelyness Bareh from Rymbai-Khliehriat.
Such behavior is not good.
The NFSA 2013 PHH and AAY has been ordered to be distributed according to the scale laid down by the Government, the National Food Security Act, PHH – 5 kilos per head at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo, AAY – Non-NFSA – 7.215 kilograms per card at the price of 13 tyngka per kilogram.
“Now that we have joined the BJP, I think there will be change in the state and the desire of Conrad K Sangma to bring about change in the state has failed. “Why did he remove me from the post of CEM when I was elected from my own constituency and I had the opportunity to be in the post but he removed me,” he said.
Shillong, November 01: The Leader of the Opposition Mukul Sangma on Friday expressed confidence that the All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) will win all the constituencies in the Assembly elections. to be held in 2023 in the State.
Shillong, July 31: The KSU South Central Pynursla today awarded 18 students from Ri War Pynursla who have passed well in various examinations for the year
“The NERPF will support the UPD on this issue to take it to the central government,” said Bah Mawthoh.
Dr. Ampareen and Dr. Jasmine have filed their nomination papers as the National People's Party (NPP) candidates for the East Shillong and Nongthymmai constituencies respectively.
The Assistant Commissioner, Bah S Phanbuh, has launched the polio vaccination campaign at the 100-bed MCH Hospital in Panaliar, Jowai on 4th October.
“On this basis, the JNC stands for the implementation of the Meghalaya Land Transfer (Regulation) Act, 1971 to prevent foreigners and companies from applying for coal mining jobs.
"People gathered in front of the presidential residence in Mirihana, outside Colombo, threw stones at two army buses, which prevented people from turning to the They also set fire to a bus and turned back a truck to extinguish the fire.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Secretary, Bah WMS Pariat, said that the state government has informed all the employees of various departments that they are not allowed to leave work tomorrow without receiving He said that from 11 am, the counting of the arrival of the workers will start.
The seized items were handed over to the Customs Preventive Force, Champhai in Mizoram for further investigation.
However, instead of encouraging him, the head of the council said, “The MDCs will also protest if they don't get their salaries because they don't get their salaries either”.
They were given the land of Israel, which they now own.
Up to 340 poor families of Wapungskur village have benefited from the donation, said MH Dkhar.
As usual on this day, various rebel groups in the Eastern Region of India have called for a curfew even in Meghalaya.
Many of the people who have been able to catch these species of insects are also part of their income so that they can sell them in the market in the morning at a reasonable price of T.600/- to T. 700/- per kg.
Also present on the occasion were the KSU, Nongthymmai Circle, Village Authorities from various Dorbar Shnongs, Village Youth Associations and Women's Associations from all over Nongthymmai Pyllun. the Platinum Jubilee.
The state government should be ashamed to admit that it has done something to promote tourism when all the tourist attractions have been done, improved and developed by the residents themselves.
On the decision of the HPC, Dr. Sangma said the matter has been thoroughly discussed and the decision is to hand over to a third party or an impartial investigation body.
Noting that there are drug injectors who have registered with TI-NGOs (Targeted Intervention) supported by MACS, she said that they have been given Opioid Substitution Therapy (OST) to get rid of them. don't be afraid of this evil.
In the middle of the Lok Sabha elections in the country, Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah has strongly criticized Prime Minister Narendra Modi for trying to divide the people. people of the East and West or of the Northern and Southern part.
Karlin Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Wahsanphaw SSC in the 31st minute, Delight Lyngdoh (38 & 46) scored two goals and Mebantei Suchiang scored another in the 78th minute.
“Of course I am the Minister of DCA and my duty is to look after the safety of all the three district councils in the state and it is not my duty as the Minister to overthrow any. EC but it is the right of the MDCs of these District Councils to choose whom they want to appoint as leaders,” he said.
(Block I investigation only).
“I am still waiting for the report (before taking any action on this issue),” said Bah Dhar.
There are civil society organizations such as Bakdil of Garo Hills, which have already decided to plant trees immediately.
The Government is working with stakeholders to develop and test new applications.
He said the government should explain to the people why it has been implementing since 1972 and is now thinking of implementing it from now on.
Besides, cash rewards and new vehicles were also awarded to these illegal workers to detonate the IED bombs, said the statement.
“Strongly condemning the BSF, he said that the family members have already lodged a complaint at Pynursla Police Station on Saturday.
Shillong, March 14: The AICC has directed the MPCC to suspend the MDC from Mawsynram, Bah Pynshngainlang N Syiem, for his anti-party activities.
The Movement strongly requests these Returning Officers and the Deputy Commissioner to take action.
The Minister said that in fact, the tournament was scheduled to be held in November last year, but for unavoidable reasons, it has been postponed to next month. the month of June.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The number of cases of violence against women in Meghalaya has increased to 58 percent, according to the opening ceremony of NEYI CHETNA The National Gender Campaign was organized by the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihoods Society (MSRLS) at the State Central Library, Shillong.
However, they are waiting for only those who can give anything, they choose themselves to be leaders and this has confused the people”, he added, “Whoever knows and has knowledge Better yet, he doesn't want to enter the political arena, because he doesn't have money and this will destroy the nation.
The report said a plane crashed in the east of the Haut-Rhin in France.
What a truly exciting and happy time.
Jesus bore the sin on the Cross for those who commit sin.
Whether you are involved in extortion or any other crime, we urge you to respect the law.
“The nation is in fear, the reason is because we don't have a fair, clean and transparent governance, our state is a state blessed by God, since The presence of nature, the presence of crematoria, the presence of mineral resources, as a nation, we should not be poor in life, but how is it now? “The path that will lead us to a brighter future, a brighter future is through the rule of law and order. It is a language that only misleads the people, which does not allow the people to understand that the rule of law is the most important, that the people should be stingy in relation to the election. leaders, but remember that we must know and understand that politics or the rule of law is the creation of God. Do you have a Rangbah Shnong and those who leave the village? Where will the village go if we don't have a Dorbar Shnong? This is the structure that God has created, and when God has created it, he wants it to be clean and responsible. The VPP leader, based on the Word of God, said that Moses warned the rulers who ruled over the children of Israel, it is not true. that Moses did it by his own human wisdom, but Moses obeyed what God commanded him, God warned the rulers of the children of Israel through Moses. Deuteronomy, Exodus and we find that Moses warned the leaders of the children of Israel and said 'You shall not pervert judgment, you shall not show partiality, you shall not take a bribe; “That is what God wants the rulers to be in this world, that is the great truth,” said Ardent. Prah said that they should not ask for money during the election and if the leaders give it they should accept it and say thank you, but to ask for no and the vote should be given to Prah. 500 1000 tyngka even if you buy 1 lakh remember the basis will depend on how much money you need to understand,” he added.
Shillong: The Garo Customary Law Amendment Bill, 2009 has been passed by the Garo Customary Law Amendment Bill,
Due to the spread of the disease, this will lead to violation of the curfew and will affect the health of many people.
The bridge has collapsed and the government has been forced to build a bridge but the bridge has collapsed and the central government through the Road Construction Department has allocated new funds to build the new bridge. T.9.
Shillong: The Revolution “Iada La Kari” today launched a booklet on the Revolution Iada La Kari.
The Feast of Passover.
So, the governor signed it and it became law.
“Kia is the head of the bull”.
Iran has reported 123 deaths from the virus, bringing the total number of deaths to 1,556 out of 20,610 cases.
Wenger, as a child, had to attend Mass every day and, unfortunately, had to confess his sins, by lying, during the month of confession, which used to be held once a month. week.
Students and teachers of Kiang Nangbah Govt College participated.
Meanwhile, the President Rangbah of the union, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said that the biggest fear of the government's rejection of the DPR is that it will become like the road from Weiloi to Rangblang which will lose its rights.
The Dorbar Shnong also blessed them to work harder so that they can win gold medals in the upcoming tournaments and encouraged other talented young men and women. of the village to work hard as these children have worked hard in collaboration with the coaches, parents and relatives.
Allegations have also been made against Bah Ernest Mawrie that he is acting as a leader only to please friends or relatives without thinking of the welfare of the party in the state.
Officials of the Noida Authority on Thursday opened for the first time a shelter for stray dogs where they can stay and take refuge from the rain and heat of the sun. , to treat them if they are sick or injured and to provide them with food and to take good care of them, the officials said.
Until now, the post of Leader of the Opposition has remained vacant as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has not yet taken any decision.
Shillong: Lady Keane College has won the NEHU Inter College Football Tournament
“We strongly condemn the arrest of the president of the KSU and it shows that the government is the creator of trouble, not the bringer of peace,” said Bah Kurkalang.
For that reason, the people of the state have decided to bring in a government that has the power not only in the central government but also in the state government,” said Bah Mawrie.
Dr Mukul Sangma said the state police force will have to investigate the matter to find out the truth.
He said that the Seng has made it clear that it will not allow such factories to come to Maweit area as it will affect the society and especially the health of the people. majority.
“There is a misunderstanding between the OC and the shopkeepers which has led to the closure of these shops.
Finally, he said that the Seng will also ensure the transparency in the recruitment of candidates who have completed various courses as there have been allegations of conflict. buit steal in the right direction.
Review : I'm not sure what to do.
In the end, Meghalaya managed to achieve the target, and the players who led the team to victory were PM Santhosh (13 runs from 28 balls), along with Kevin.
Therefore, for these reasons, Zane Robertson has been banned from participating in any tournament from this year until November
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the state, Bah FR Kharkongor, said that all the arrangements have been made for the smooth conduct of the polling in all the 59 constituencies.
Over time, society has undergone other changes and the most widespread is the SRT's struggle to give birth to the father, which has been in conflict with the Khadar Act.
It is also the time when the candidates and their parties take advantage of the opportunity to raise the voice of their supporters especially the poor and the needy who are more difficult to be treated like those who have the opportunity. who received the book.
“The office blockade not only affects the government but also affects the income of the drivers because if there is an office blockade, the drivers will earn money for whom,” said Rani. news today.
For other sports like football and others, he said that in the last two years, due to the closure of the dam, many sports like football, archery and others have been closed. to stop.
According to the source, the woman had gone to wash her clothes at a place known as Wah Marban in Mookyniang, Khliehtyrshi.
Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu and Iooksi won the Third Division Football tournament while Mukhla Raij won the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday. .
She also demanded the implementation of the hospital in Ialong and the government has fulfilled this demand.
Dr A War, DHS, told reporters, “Protection, income generation and income generation must go on”.
In the under-17 category, Niaw Wasa Utd beat Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu 7-0
Police and government authorities should understand this fact.
Until now, no one has been suspected but it is highly suspected that he is from the same village.
College Indoor Sports Halls which started yesterday 14th and ended today 15th October, 2024 has received eye treatment to 600 students and staff of the College.
Shops along Assembly Hotel to Nan Polok Road, Oakland Road, Polo Hills, Urkaliar, Quinton Road, and from Eee Cee Restaurant to Petrol Pump on Jail Road will be open only until 11 am. :30 pm and this has been effective since tonight itself.
Therefore, almost all the activities of the village cannot be hidden.
These two MLAs from Jaintia Hills are Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla and Nartiang MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar.
The unemployment rate in the State is also due to the fact that the State is a small State which does not have employment factories like other States where young job seekers are more likely to work in companies because of the salary. big though they have to work hard.
However, there were no announcements and the requirements were filled by the department from various Nursing Hospitals in Ri-lum Khasi.
H Elias HSS will lead in the under 17 boys category while Umthli SS will lead in the women's category and Umpohliew Jingtip SS will lead in the under 14 boys category.
In a statement, VPP Spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh invited the people of the country to attend the meeting to be held in Smit.
While we are physically fit, it is the right and duty of all people to have a job.
Moolamanoh SC opened the scoring in the 33rd minute through Eriston Dkhar while Dhana SC equalized in the 63rd minute through Chirup Sumer.
As for Block-II, the two committees have decided to discuss it later as it is a more difficult and difficult area.
If according to the wisdom and enlightenment of the Marathi people in Maharashtra, the name of Bombay given by Kharlieh is still given by the original name Mumbai after independence from Kharlieh, we too have become independent and got our own state. Like others, it will be difficult to change and let the world know Sohra as Sohra itself and not Cherrapunjee, Iewduh from side to side for those who are in the market in Barabazaar and others.
Six others were killed and 12 wounded in Russian shelling in Brovary, on the outskirts of Kyiv.
He encouraged the children to practice these games so that they can achieve victory.
“If anyone attacks or disrupts the peace and order, you should tell us with sufficient witnesses, whether they are Assam police or insurgents, you should not be afraid,” he said.
Here, I see that the Government is weak and there is that peace...I feel that in the end it is useless to be too peaceful,” said the lawyer.
Replying to the reply of Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sharma that he did not know anything about the incident, the TMC leader said it was just an attempt to mislead the people. .
The Coroborough Hotel has been completed after many years and has been opened in the past few months.
The union also demanded the appointment of two doctors at the PHC in Pongtung Village, so that the services to the people in the war area will not be affected if they come for treatment at this PHC. PHC.Ka Seng also demands from the DHMO to provide the necessary facilities at CHC Pynursla because after several months of inspection of CHC Pynursla, the Seng has complained about the lack of facilities. drinking water as well as street lights.
Besides the chief guest, the office bearers of the Seng Samla Shnong Jakrem, the Jakrem Sport Club, the Minister of Village, the elders, teachers and the public were also present. school.
Shillong received 30.0mm of rainfall, 95.6mm in Sohra and 14.6mm in Umiam.
He said that perhaps this revenue of T.816 crore has been included since the beginning of the Covid-19 fund and he said that it has been given about 2 or 3 times to the MLAs. money to help the people.
Appealing to the people not to join such political parties, the NPP leader said that the VPP is a party that will disappear at any time in Meghalaya. .
Besides the NPP MLAs, the CEM, Chairman and MDCs of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council will also attend the NEDA meeting. The Museum is for the promotion of the traditional culture of the Garo people,” Conrad told reporters.
The Ialong Dorbar Shnong said that almost all the fields in Myntang and Myntdu have been affected by the floods as it is the agricultural season. in addition to the loss of life.
(News for the environment)Mr.D.Nongpoh.
Minister James Sangma said that the spread of false stories is one of the main reasons for the protests, so he said that through such meetings to discuss and exchange views between the Sikh leaders and the Government leaders will bring about peace. understanding and peace.
There are 308 recoveries from the disease.
What you’re afraid of and how you react when you’re afraid of things varies greatly from person to person.
ACHIK noted that Tura, located in the western part of the State has always been seen as a backward area compared to the State capital, and the sentiment to make it the capital in the spring it was foreseen that there would be an economic boom.
The number of cases in Texas and California, the largest states in the United States, has risen to 40 a day in recent days and in Texas alone, the number of cases has doubled in the past two months. not finished.
The All Jaintia Tourist and Commercial Vehicle Association (AJTCVA) has issued a statement saying that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown. Kali would like to clarify that in relation to the fare & passenger registration during these times of Covid -1
These arrangements benefit employees who can come pick up their roles even after they’ve been gone for hours.
Now many tourists have come to see this place".
South Africa and Saudi Arabia pay $5.25 or T.395 per bottle.
On the same basis, he said the TMC is a foreign party in Meghalaya and the state knows how to think for itself.
He was born on 19th November, 1970 in a farming family at Laitkyrhong in East Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya.
The MBMA and the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA) West Jaintia Hills today celebrated this month by holding a tree planting ceremony at the DC Quarter, Municipal Office, North East Adventist University. bad at the BDO Thailand office.
Whether the Government will include in the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) to provide treatment to drug addicts in view of the high cost of treatment in private hospitals, Conrad said. this part and it will judge what should be done"
At the same time, these leaders urged the people and especially the family members of Kitborlang to cooperate with the law enforcement agencies, not to take the law for granted. but to trust in the police and especially in God by saying that they understand the pain of the soul and the sorrow and the anger, but as leaders they should be with the people and especially with the family. families who suffer from this disaster at any time they need in order to get a fair trial.
Although the custom of marriage of children, brothers and sisters is with the knowledge of mothers, fathers and grandmothers, and in my experience, as a Church minister, in these twenty years it can be said here in every shiphew women who marry, shiphew by the knowledge of mother, father and mother, regardless of whether they marry white or stem or red or brown.
“I don't know why this government is doing so much to embezzle money from central government schemes.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The Meghalaya Commercial Vehicles Union (MCVU) on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Commercial Vehicles Union (MCVU) has said that the The State does not have a Trading License from the District Council.
The meeting between Sharad Pawar and Ajit Pawar's team was the first after he violently attacked his son two months ago.
“At a time when the information available to the public is only from two newspapers, Amrita Pratika and Sentinel, Bah Panbor has a broad knowledge and likes to share information with the youth of the community.
NPP East Jaintia Hills leader Nidamon Chullet has been accused of assaulting Agnes and Amita recently in Tuber Sohshrieh, East Jaintia Hills.
The BJP does not have any MLAs from Garo Hills and most of the MLAs are NPP MLAs.
The agricultural products that are brought to Iewduh and other markets from around the villages, it is the Dkhar Marwari who sets the price to our farmers, he cuts as he pleases, and he takes the price as he pleases.
On the ILP, Sangma said it is under the jurisdiction of the Indian government.
He also urged all those who attended this day to have a foundation and a goal when doing anything in their lives.
Following consultations, the Committee said all its recommendations would promote transparency, inclusiveness, confidence and ease of voting.
Jowai, Nailar 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Thangrain Unit today renewed its office bearers for the term 2023-2026 held at the Community Hall of Thangrain West Village. Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the Clan Bill talks about the recognition of clan clans by the Council and the Executive Committee will meet with the Minister in charge of DCA to urge the State Government to expedite submission to the Governor for his approval.
People these days are selfish and don't care about others,” she said in her video.
Rai, ABC Ranjit Monungdar, ABC Mantu Madok and were taken to Civil Hospital Shillong.
Excessive knowledge has made people feel proud of themselves and do whatever they want.
One of the greatest threats faced by the Tribal/Fijian and other communities is landlessness and many Tribal/Adivasi communities are now in danger of extinction.
However, this complaint of the people about the pollution of the rivers and the death of dohum fish is only in the last few days,” said the CEM of KHADC. destruction for river pollution and environmental degradation," he said.
Those things, if people do them from time to time, become a source of trouble.
The 2nd Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) has been held at Moopala Stadium.
Up to 42 bags of biri were seized and these five persons admitted that they were only smugglers to smuggle the goods to Bangladesh.
Semi said they had received information about a child known as Phermeki Salahe who is a shooter from Dkhiah West, East Jaintia Hills.
He said that the road is also an important issue in this area.
The meeting was opened by the President of the Seng Kur, Bah Chamberlain Lyngdoh, who also conducted the meeting.
On this occasion, he said that the presidents of the districts have been given one day to complete this process and to inform immediately to the SEC which will hold a hearing and give a final decision after it. There is a stronger support within the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA).
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Babu Biangbor said that his group does not agree with the government's injustice and violence to destroy the future of the children of the state. In many schools in Meghalaya, the absence of about 800 teachers has affected the students in many schools in Meghalaya. answer to that.
The Lord is near.
Revelation 6:1
According to information received through RTI, the former Rangbah Shnong has registered his children who are young and under 10 years old. 11 years and 13 years to become beneficiaries of this scheme.
The Minister of Children's Affairs said he hopes that more women will increase as time goes on.
We will see that only a few states in the North East and I think only one state in South India have still received independence from the consumption of beef and almost all the states have to close down all the places. shot and eat cow meat.
The convocation was conducted by the Chairman of the Singing Committee of JSKPJA, Rev. SG Ryngksai and was also attended by Rev. RR Rapsang, Administrative Secretary Incharge JSKJPA, Director of the Institute, T.Bn EW Kharsohnoh, Director of the Institute, Rev. SG Ryngksai. Women's Church office bearers and others.
It cannot be said that smuggling is widespread in public places such as bus stops, hospitals, shops, government offices, market places and so on.
Russia on Tuesday accused Ukraine of carrying out drone strikes within Russian territory at the instigation and encouragement of the United States and NATO and that it was only a day later. announced that it shot down five drones near the city on Tuesday.
The number of cases in the past 24 hours has risen to 2,30,370, with the highest number of cases reported in the US, Brazil, India and South Africa. .
Also present on the occasion were BS Sohliya, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, BS Bikram, MPS, FS Basan, MA Challam, HML Kynta, DV Lyndoh, Additional Deputy Commissioners, WK Kharbuli. Assistant Commissioner, officers of District Government Departments, Religious Leaders, Village Leaders and Civil Society Groups.
If we turn to the border of the state, we find that only Maieid Hopingstone Lyngdoh has been a lone fighter throughout his tenure.
He never even dared to reach the village because of his crimes.
send Lazarus, that he may dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool my tongue; for I am tormented in this flame.
Serbia beat Costa Rica 2-0 in the World Cup on Saturday.
The Naxalite militants blew up the vehicle with an IED bomb and then shot dead the people inside the vehicle. In the incident, the MLA and four others were killed soon after.
In the men's category, Oinam Abin Singh of Assam Rifle Public School won the Best Goal Keeper title and Bankerbha Dkhar of Rymbai Presbyterian won the Best Goal Keeper title.
Thus 'Christianity' means man (the Christian) and his actions to please God.
At noon, while thousands of people were gathering at the venue to celebrate the closing day of the ritual, 30,000 people were suddenly heard. The authorities and police rushed to the scene to stop the incident which has endangered many people who were gathered at the scene.
The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12-Daloi wishes all the children of the Seiñraij Muthlong, Ialong and Mukhla a Happy Behdeiñkhlam and hopes that this Behdeiñkhlam will be a successful one. It will reach the goal as the purpose is to remove the sinew ka smeh from the society.
To be a leader, you must have smart people who are still able to tour.
Adokgre Block is divided into Kharkutta Block, one of the oldest Block in the State, which includes 178 Villages.
Esron said that the Association has not yet received any concrete information on this.
There are also those who don't pay T.300/- and those who don't pay 400 or 500 tyngka per day depending on the type of work.
Nongpoh: The MLA of Jirang, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, has not taken action regarding the incident ha Balakhwa in Ri Bhoi district. The MLA, who went to destroy the house and crops, but yesterday the MLA explained to the public that he has taken care and worked hard on this issue. affair.
At the present time and amidst the spread of covid19, we have also witnessed a strong conflict between faith in God and science.
He also urged the youth to refrain from any kind of alcoholic beverages which destroy the mind and society.
One of the miracles that the great God has done is that he has stopped the sun from standing still.
The Vice President of the party said that the burning of the party building is still an act of enmity by the robbers, without any reason which has caused grief to the party.
The MSKDF is recognized by the Karate India Organization (KIO) headed by Hanshi Bharat Bhusan Sharma and is also recognized by the World Karate Federation (WKF).
Police have arrested Kitboklang and he is currently in jail in Sohra.
“This public hearing of the candidates for West Shillong Constituency was organized by the Dorbar Shnong Lumdiengjri with the aim of allowing the candidates to explain the issues and principles on which they and their party stand. .
Spain Ryngkhlem was the key player in the match on 5th March, and through him Sohmynting scored 3 points and beat Khliehiongriang 2-0 1 for the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA), Jowai, at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
They also said that they have done their utmost to move forward with the necessary preparations for the T20 World Cup which is still a year away. her.
The 28-year-old Bhaskar Roy will play for the Islanders until the end of June
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday expressed its surprise that not a single Khasi and Garo citizen has been included in the Expert Committee to look into the issue of by State Reservation Policy.
Meghalaya scored the first goal in the second half through Samchaphrang Lato in the 52nd minute, while the second goal came in the second half. Samlang Rympei scored 90+2 minutes and Teibok Nongrum scored 90+5 minutes from a free kick.
Shillong: The UHM-East Jaintia Hills District (UHM) has expressed its concern over the silence of the NH 6 authorities on the road from Lumshnong to Ratachera.
The HANM Circle has also donated money to the Shnong to fight against COVID-1
Moon's father has tried to talk peace to the police station whether they are still sitting or not but he should not cause trouble, Christable said. said Mary.
On the same day, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also in charge of the Urban Affairs Department, inspected the construction of the Shopping Mall at the Meghalaya Transport Corporation Bus Stand, Khyndai Lad.
The sports meet was a successful one in which many of the residents of the village were able to take part and witness the games.
Besides the final of the tournament, the Mawshun Sports & Cultural Club also awarded the Achievement Award to the students of Mawshun who have passed well in the past year from matriculation examination. up.
Police sources said that these same robbers were involved in the kidnapping of Bah Bodywell Puwein on 4th November 2015 from Riangsih, Riangdo Outpost, WKH District.
The victory was announced Sunday.
The good news is that all the Waheh Shnong Unions of War Jaintia, Jowai, Ri Jaintia and 9 villages have come together to allow the government especially the Urban Affairs Department (Jowai Municipal Board) to collect garbage from Jowai. and to bread in Mynkjai for three months.
He had already prepared all the requirements for the voting by voting from home, but later he decided not to take part in the voting by following the rules. and others, the former President.
Jowai, Naitung, 09: The annual Behdieñkhlam Festival of the Seiñ Raij Jowai today (Muchai) has come to an end with the participation of the children of the Seiñ Raij Jowai. shad and kmen and put and dance.
However, the origin of the word Jaintia is only due to the victory of the king of Jaintiapur in ancient times who came from the tribe of Jayantee which was not from the Hynniewtrep group.
In the meeting, the Union Minister said that all the colleges which are run by the private sector or which are funded by the state government, or which the government provides any financial assistance to those colleges, those students Students who intend to study in the same colleges do not have to write the CUET examination.
According to sources, the smuggling and trafficking of wildlife including birds and meat is one of the most common illegal activities in Mizoram and in the past years, the government authorities have Many wild animals have been seized and many cases have been registered against the robbers involved in this crime.
“We have seen Team A, Team B, Team C and Team D all know and see who is doing for whom,” said Khera.
Michael Syiem said that in the past the government has charged him under Section 188 for disobeying the district authorities.
After 10 years, after living with Sudha, he had a secret relationship with another woman named Nidhi (name changed) and thus he used to share the days together, to stay between them and They also said that they did not know about Umesh's actions.
“Earlier, 400 players stayed in hotels during the national table tennis tournament and now up to 2600 players stay in hotels but in game villages. “This incident is unexpected and we apologize for this,” he said.
Sometimes the city teaches just don’t get tempted.
Furthermore, he encouraged the youth not to have that spirit of selfishness and to have that spirit of courage in any of their endeavors, because only those who work hard and Those who use their God-given talents properly will reach the goal of life, he added.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that after Meghalaya is known as the country of lights, it is also known as the country of many rich people.
Himalaya also asked where the money received from the central government and the money from the state government should be paid for the government's non-payment of salaries to the teachers for three months.
Abdul Joli Sheikh is the president of the Meghalaya Muslim Association and was a former staunch member of the NPP from Rajabala.
On this issue, Bah Shullai, said that this statement, is the increasing spread of the newspapers, from what point, he said.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (KHADC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the demand of the UDP to introduce the Administrator Rule in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) will not come to fruition. tea.
By this directive, the Commission has placed the responsibility on the printers, publishers, licensees/contractors of the Village Authorities who provide advertisements related to political activities in public places.
Dr Aman said that Dr. T Jamir had informed that these rooms inside the old campus of NIFT had been used by the Principal Secretary, Department of Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar without informing him. DHS(MI) is not responsible for this.
Japan's announcement is significant as Japanese Foreign Minister Yoshimasa Hayashi will meet and visit China.
Shillong: Ka Kong Agnes Kharshiing today sent a complaint under the RTI Act to the First Appellate Authority (FIA) regarding the refusal to respond to her RTI request. on 5/30, 2022.
“The loss is huge because the ban on coal mining has affected everyone from the coal traders, vehicle owners, petrol sellers and others who have affected their income,” he said. journalists about the losses caused by the NGT coal ban in the last two years.
In the last 6-7 years, the leaders and members have worked hard to strengthen the party, but unfortunately they lack MLAs of the UDP and cannot reach the goal even in the MP elections including Bah Paul. Lyngdoh and Jemino Mawthoh were arrested.
Dukini is a young woman who lives in Dulong, Jowai.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with Prime Minister Duh in New Delhi, Conrad said the Prime Minister was pleased to hear about the Government's program to shape the future of the citizens since the and to ensure that at every age of the children's lives, the Government will do its duty to ensure that they receive the necessary support.
In Assam, Bangladeshis have become the highest paid in nine districts, namely Dhubri, Goalpara, Barpeta, Hailakandi, Bongaigaon, Morigaon, Nagaon, Karimganj and Cachar.
However, we have seen that the NPP has been more slow to attack the UDP or the PDF even though it has attacked the BJP. The NPP is especially strong in Garo Hills.
The members of the new committee are representatives of all political parties in the State.
The video of the incident was recorded for about 13 seconds.
However, KHNAM, Congress and UDP are ready to contest the election and it will be up to the people to decide who is eligible to vote.
However, the High Court has clarified that today's order will not prevent the District Judge from exercising his own understanding on the matter.
He said the EC has received a letter from the state government on 1st June 2019, directing that permission to build houses can be sought from the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA). and the District Council.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 91810 out of which 88269 have recovered and 1536 have died.
In the past, there was no question.
Speaking to media, Bah Bindo M Lanong (Advisor to the UDP) said that the purpose of the meeting was to express their concern over the Citizenship Amendment. Act, in which the UDP party has decided to oppose the CAA like other political parties and the people across the state.
On the same day, Bah Samlin also confirmed the office bearers of the Umtyrñiut Unit.
Kitdor Majaw scored 45 runs from 60 balls and Paia Nongkynrih scored 31 runs from 24 balls while Ritchie Diengdoh of Mawlong CC took three wickets for 14 runs in four overs.
Jowai, Jymmang 16: The District Administration of both the districts today held a peace meeting at Khanduli BOP Assam, in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of WJH and the DC of West Karbi Anglong, Superintendent of Police WJH and other officers of the two districts.
Bollywood star Salman Khan will remain in jail next to Asaram in Jodhpur, Rajasthan after he was accused of involvement in shooting deer, which happened twenty years ago.
Speaking to media on Saturday, Samla Shine Marweiñ and Samla M.Parïong said, “In order for the unemployed youth to register to run, compete in the health competition. and the Government's intention is to announce the call for recruitment immediately.
The Sengbhalang has written to the Government of Conrad Sangma and met him on 31 October, 2019 to renew the letter so that the Land Transfer Act can be implemented.
"“It is unfortunate to think that the Government wants a railway line when even this road which does not exist cannot do anything. to consult with the leaders and Waheh Shnongs of Narpuh area,” said the statement.
He said they condemn the AVBP members who are the Youthwings of the BJP who went to attack the students of JNU. against the plan of the JNU authorities to increase the tuition fees by 200 percent,” he said.
The SRS also honored Bah R.Rani, the retired referee and also some of those who have always helped the team in the field of football.
Shillong: The KSU Narpuh Circle, under the leadership of Bah KS Suchiang President and several members, today went to stop the foreigners working in the Dalmia Cement Company in Narpuh area of ​​Thangskai. East Jaintia Hills, on the plan of the company to register Aadhar for the employees working within the company.
It will be available at Fair Price Shop Dealers until June 16th,
Therefore, as one of the private individuals and a young man who lives in this area after I have experienced the problems myself and I have heard the grievances of the people of this area I am filled with sorrow and I I have tried my best to find ways and means to resolve these problems, but until these days this road is still standing still so I cannot refuse to take the opportunity to express to the media. to spread these problems to the people of our area and to help inform the government authorities in charge of this road.
Australia & New Zealand, the host countries of the women's tournament, are currently ranked 10th and 26th respectively and Zambia will be the bottom of the table. position of the teams that in 77th place.
When Dr. Mukul Sangma was the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and the BJP was in power under the leadership of Narendra Modi, development projects in Meghalaya came like a and major projects have been completed in this state.
Shillong: The AICC has suspended four Congress MLAs from the MPCC on Tuesday. They have left to support the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government which is allied with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
“This is against the rights of the indigenous people,” said the KHNAM MDC. He said that Iewduh, which is the market of the indigenous people, has been controlled by foreigners and the shops have been destroyed. by the state bar.
VII. HIS CLOSE RELATIONSHIP WITH GOD: We see in the Bible a close relationship between God and His Son Jesus Christ.
Most of those infected with the coronavirus have been reported to have headaches, dizziness and weakness, according to research in China.
The reason for the cancellation of the meeting, which was convened by the Prime Minister, is not known.
Shillong, Naitung 22: Like other projects in the state, the Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura road may be delayed due to the negligence of the land owners and other reasons to hand over to the government.
We request the VPP to seek clarification from the Prime Minister and the relevant department if it still needs further clarification.
The President of the union, Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, said that about 120 foreigners from 42 villages in West Khasi Hills have been employed.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pynïaid Syiem expressed his gratitude to the various programs implemented by the Government for the benefit of the farmers.
“The mining of coal, mining, shyiap, logging and others has been banned, which has severely affected the income of the people of the state,” said Bah Bindo.
He said that Meghalaya is the poorest state in the North East because of corruption and the government does not want to say that the budget is empty where the government does not have money and The MDA government has implemented the work only with money.
Speaking at the meeting, the UDP leaders and UDP candidate Bah Balajiedkupar expressed their gratitude to the NPP and HSPDP leaders who have given their full support and campaigned for the special elections. The UDP will win the mid-term elections in Shella and this victory will strengthen the NPP-led MDA government. UDP MLA Lahkmen Rymbui and Kyrmen Shylla, KHADC CEM Teinwell Dkhar, Ranikor MLA Pius Marwein and others were present.
Police have not yet learned anything about the incident.
Besides, he said the government is trying to find out the availability of oil fields across the country.
In the second match, Pyrshang Tangliang scored the goals for Iooksi YW in the 44th minute and Ngaitni Syngkon in the 58th minute.
While they were hiding in the rain, one of them fell into the river and was drowned.
“The examination in Shillong was held on 2nd November at NEHU and if necessary it will be held again for those who could not attend,” said the Director of North Eastern Hill University (NEHU). NEIGRIHMS has promised to announce the date of the meeting.
the bih and the household,
This annual festival is held at the Biar in the Tuber area or Aitnar in the language of the Jowai people in Tuberkmai-Shnong.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, HYC General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem said, “We have made it clear that without the ILP, no one should be introduced. on the Railroad.
To implement this project and to hear the wishes of the people is also one of the conditions before starting the work or the public hearing.
Hek has vowed to leave the Congress party if he is taken to Mawlai and Mawpat is removed while Sawkmie has vowed to leave the Congress party if he is taken to Mawpat. .
Regarding the youth, he said that the government has tried to help them by launching the YESS Scheme, Grass Root Music Programme, Aspire. Programme, the Prime Program which is specifically for young people.
Except for one case, a 13-year-old boy was involved in the rape of an 8-year-old girl on the 1st of this month while another 7-year-old girl escaped from the hands of the same child. run.
The four-team tournament includes Nepal, which will host the tournament along with Bangladesh.
But to the Jews it was a sleep.
I'll pay you back later...” said Riia. “Thank you very much...” said Bahnah. Then they went on their way. Bahnah went to the market and Riia went home.
The Congress leader from Ri Bhoi District said that the women in Block II villages have been shocked after seeing the speech of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong who said that 22 villages in Block II have been destroyed. Block II is located in Assam.
AIS SujaGod has given his Son from Israel to save all the nations of the world.
She said that as the Minister, she will take note of this issue and will convey the same issue to the Chief Minister to take a decision on this in order to encourage and motivate the farmers. The state should work hard to produce more agricultural products for the needs of the state.
It is worth mentioning that this has been implemented through the SPF at a cost of T.2.72 crore, which has been implemented since the time of MLA by Dr. DD Lapang and has been successful until action was taken. Mr. Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA of Nongpoh.
The six Nigerians were used to pass through Meghalaya because they were planning to flee India to Bangladesh via Dawki.
Shillong, July 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the people should be grateful to Bah WMS Pariat for accepting the request to continue his work for another six months.
The passengers of the taxi, who sustained serious injuries, were taken to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for treatment.
After the meeting, hundreds of people took forms and registered as members of the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
When inquired how the MHIS will assist them to pay for the treatment, the scheme managers replied that the amount they should receive from the MHIS is only T. 15,000, while T.60,000 has to be paid by themselves.
Shillong, July 09: The President of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Donbok Dkhar on Monday strongly condemned the allegation by the NPP leader and Minister of State, Bah Sñawbhalang Dhar, that he He said that the Bhakang parties are not truly patriotic as he and his fellow MLAs whom the people have elected to be leaders.
The old world was filled with corruption.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Eugeneson Lyngdoh, one of the prominent athletes of the country who has also been the leader of the state from Mawphlang Constituency, congratulated the youth athletes of the area especially since the women have taken part. They will participate in this tournament to showcase their talents in the field of football.
Hardships, poverty and reproach gradually disappeared from this family like the sun's rays.
The union has demanded from the authorities through the media that the government should look into this issue and immediately provide doctors, staff nurses and other necessities at this hospital. You can't close the door.
Pakma came to Kyndongtuber.
The HNYF said that this allegation by the Khasi Hills Archery Sports Institute is to prevent non-Khasis from earning money without having to pay any taxes to the government.
The longest serving DHS (MI) is Dr AC Hazarika, who held 40 months post from 31st November 2011 to 31st March 2012, while DHS MCH & FW, Dr HK Marak, who took over from 5th November 2012 to 21st June 2013, and in DHS Research, Dr CB Sangma, who held office since from 8th June 2011 to 5th July
Khliehriat, March 7: The District Administration through the District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District, has banned all the residents of the district from using explosives in accordance with Section 7 of the Arms Act. Rule 2008, which prohibits the use of explosives.
Nongpoh: U Bah Jebes Suphai, Rangbah Shnong of Ingsaw, Mawhati, Ri Bhoi District, has lodged an Ejahar at Umsohlait Police Station against Volenda Nongpoh, a longkmie of the same village. She is an ASHA worker and also a teacher of SSA Ingsaw UP School.
This award is for those students who have passed well in 2022 in SSLC & HSSLC with 75% marks or above, Degree & Master degree with 70% or above.
The petition was signed by P. Syiemiong, Sordar of Umwali Village, together with the owners of the houses of Kwistilda Lyngdoh Marshilong, Marwein Columbus and witnessed by Piousding Lyngdoh and Pustar Lyngdoh Marshilong.
“The lockdown has severely affected the livelihood of the villagers especially the youth who used to work in this field and the village authorities after careful discussion have allowed the Society to run this field. Reachingson urged the people to cooperate with the operators of this industry so that it can be avoided. from the confusion afterwards.
“This is a difficult and turbulent time, we need to think for peace and order, not accusations,” he said.
He said that the rape and violence of children is one of the most serious crimes that the society has faced.
The main components of the scheme are as follows:i.
It is also one of the villages which still falls under the two Himas known as the Rambrai-Myrïaw Syiemship.
The reason why they didn't buy the dress was because they said it was too expensive compared to the price.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy today said that a compensation of T.10,000 will be distributed to all the victims of the floods. water from the Godavari River.
A world-renowned teacher says “do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
At the same time, it was said that they should provide assistance to these people.
Therefore, as the children of thousands, we strongly condemn the silence of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council on this issue. this power is the authority of the kingdom in two parts.
The residents said that this started in 1992-1993 and continues until now, which has caused a lot of conflict in the village and has affected even the morale of other kurs.
In India, the Kerala government has decided to close all schools and cinemas for October 2020 due to the spread of the Corona virus in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday expressed the need to abolish the implementation of the MLA Scheme in the state.
At the time of the protest against the smuggling of cows, it was the Congress-led government which called a special session to take a decision in the House and wrote to the government. “The Central Government,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh while speaking at a meeting held at Mawlynthoh today.
On the Lord's Day, the Holy Mass was offered by Rev. Fr Anselm Nonglang, Diocesan Administrator of Nongstoiñ Diocese. Faithful of the Catholic Church, came to witness this special day of women from different parishes of Nongstoiñ.
Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF, Sengkmie, said that as the RBYF Sengkmie, we have been fighting for a long time to demand laws to ban foreigners. The government has been focusing only on the media and has been making false promises not only to the party leaders, but also to the people in the state as a whole.
Kyrshanbor Lamin was elected as Secretary, Joshua Kongwang and Armstrong Kongwang as Treasurer among others.
Members of the YSRCP claimed that those involved in the stone throwing were members of the Telugu Desam Party.
“The State Government should look into this issue not only in Jowai but in the entire State,” said the two-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee while hearing the Public Interest Litigation ( PIL) filed by the Waheh Shnong, Jowai on the need for proper collection of garbage from Jowai.
It is for this reason that we see the rapid growth of foreigners in Meghalaya.
Several decades ago, there was an MP (I will not name) from the State who expressed the benefits of the discovery of Uranium in Ri Hynniewtrep and said, “How many people in Bri Hynniewtrep will become rich and the State will grow”.
The politicians say to conduct an investigation...we say to set up one or 100 investigation teams, but let the report that comes out should be to punish and set along for life these BSF,” said Thabah while addressing a public meeting held at Pynursla on Tuesday.
“Now that you are at peace, you will do as the lawyer says,” added the friend.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) President Lambokstar Marngar on Tuesday said that at the meeting to discuss the issue of border resolution between Assam and Meghalaya, there was no discussion on policy. “shim bad ai” because the party has already stated that in the demarcation of the boundary, this policy should be conditional and should be considered according to the it ki hima, villages and townships. private property documents.
Thus, he is one of the world's most intelligent leaders and politicians.
If it is for anyone to surprise people, it should be surprised while grace is still open.
“Based on these reasons, the Government of India has no intention of pursuing uranium mining in the state,” he said.
When they searched the house, they found a long-standing body in the room.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13 : The Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, Bah Titos W Chyne on Monday said that all the illegal revenue collection gates have been closed during his tenure as Chief Executive Member.
As President, Bah Panbor has been able to arrange with the Shillong City Bus Syndicate to distribute identity cards to school children so that they can use buses at a reasonable price.
RP: What is your opinion or message to the youth of Ri Khasi Jaintia, on your victory and in these days of unemployment in our country?
The Meghalaya Peoples' Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has commemorated the 10th of November as the Human Rights Day.
The Vice President visited the city to attend the Convocation of the Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati.
The VEC has received a contract from the same Block to build the Retaining Wall and fill it with stone and soil at a cost of T.18 lakh.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with Prestone Tynsong, HYC General Secretary Roykupar Synrem said that this excessive price hike of beverages will cause problems to the people of the state.
On the other hand , the Minister urged the DCs to provide food and drink to those affected and especially to evacuate to safer places those who live in houses that are in danger .
Gyms, Clubs, Swimming Pools, Gaming Parlours, Cinemas, Salons, Bars will be closed from 23rd to 30th June
He recalled that in 2009, the state government had allocated 422 hectares of land to UCIL for uranium mining at Mawthabah in the state but the decision was canceled on the 1st. In July, 2016 at a meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers, it was made clear that nothing can be done regarding Uranium without the knowledge of the people or without the will of the people.
Ribhoi Police are conducting search operations in these areas to arrest other robbers.
On the other hand, Ma Cabriel Dkhar advised and urged the participants to dress modestly and with dignity.
“The government and the courts should stop violating the customs and traditions of the people in this state,” said Bah Bindo. The State Government through the order of the Court is completely inappropriate.
In general, 1,798 male candidates fought and 1,358 or 75.53 percent passed, while 1,827 female candidates fought and 1.363 or 74.60 percent passed.
However, on 27th November, the BDO of Umling Block visited the village and directed the Rangbah Shnong to immediately complete the construction of the road which has been going on for many days.
Many of the workers are from Mawmluh, and from almost all the villages of the Hima Sohra.
The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has won the Assembly elections in three states while the Congress will come to power in one of the states.
Shillong, Naitung 17 : The East Khasi Hills Police in the past few days have conducted a heavy raid across the Shillong government from illegal drug dealers, drunk drivers and so on. Up to 15 persons were arrested and charged under the Immoral Trafficking Prevention Act.
“The party will soon announce the names of the candidates who will contest the election after the 25th of this month,” said Vincent H Pala.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the village authorities said that the incident happened at about 11 pm and was owned by Munna Ahmed. turn off the Gas.
Our Khasi country is on the verge of losing its uniqueness or the nature of its Khasi identity if we continue to emphasize the system of giving birth.
Kar joined CGHS, Kolkata as a waterman in 1981 and later became a full time nurse in
Meanwhile, it was learned that Bah Dohling will lead a team of state government officials to Kerala next month to see for himself the cleanliness of the state.
The following are some of the most important provisions of the ILP: A. All foreigners and foreigners must seek permission from the State Government before entering and staying in the State where the ILP is in force.
The injured were rushed to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
It has also worked with the GNC for 24 constituencies in Garo Hills.
“I have not received any assistance from the government except for the help of my relatives and friends as much as they can,” said Aibahun.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 17: Thousands of children and elders of the Hima Langrin Syiemship (HLS) today came forward to explain to the people through the media at a Press Conference at Mawkyrwat. why they are concerned about the incident of riots in the past few days.
The scheme aims to provide shelter, food and daily necessities, safe transportation to court and legal assistance to girls under 15 years of age. years of age who have been abandoned by their families because of childbirth, rape or any other reason and who do not have the means to support themselves.
The present is nothing compared to that day to come (or 7 years).
He hoped that the rally which started from Shillong and ended in Jowai for a while will help the students to join the NCC on a firm basis.
The injured were identified as Kampass Sohshiang, 30, Shimlinti Marbaniang, 24, and Everist Ryntathiang. The injured were taken to PHC Mawphlang and later shifted to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
According to the NIA, Pannu's group, Sikhs for Justice, has misused social media to harass youths and incite them to commit crimes. .
It is learned that some youths from Mawsynram have gone to Weiloi to apply for the vacancy, but as Mawsynram does not fit with Weiloi, no one has given them application forms. while 11 foreigners have already applied across the rural areas.
In one of the most tragic incidents and also the first time that the state has witnessed the death of a nurse who was one of the frontline soldiers of the health system and fight against Covid-19 without fear or shame.
Regarding the arrest of foreigners, Samla Overson Lyngdoh, General Secretary of KSU Umling Circle, said that the KSU Umling Circle is deeply concerned about the search procedure for foreigners during the screening. Center at 13Mer, because according to the foreigner, he passed through it without being tested at that place.
“It is true that there are some members of the Revenue and Disaster Management who are members of the Civil Service Officers Housing Cooperative Society Ltd.
Sheikh Jassim's 100% commitment to the club and his promise to repay the debt that the club has incurred. It has now reached £970 million ($1.2 billion).
The order also urges shops to reduce the number of staff inside the shops and to provide hand sanitizers for the public who come to buy liquor.
He said that the state government should speed up the evacuation of the residents of Them Ïewmawlong and should not delay this.
The HYC Central Body will have to hold protests in accordance with the Constitution of the country.
Meanwhile, Bah Syiem said that the PDF is not in a hurry to take power, and said that the ARPA should understand its responsibility when it loses the trust of many.
Shillong, June 18: A youth identified as Thymmaibor Khonglad, 21, of Motphran, Shillong, has been arrested for demanding T.5 lakh tyngka.
The CEM said that they expect that the passage of this Bill, which was signed by the former CEM of the Council, Bah HS Shyllakan, will be a great blessing to the Jaidbynriew as a whole.
He admitted that MIRPL has taken this decision after the state government recently directed the KHADC not to ban non-Khasis from staying in any place as it would violate Article you riti control your country.
Shillong Markaz Chief Anwar Ali said that two out of the seven persons have returned to the state. Meghalaya with five cases in Delhi and two in Lucknow.
If they learn from the first, they appear to receive and accept with fear, and if they follow this path, they understand the difference between right and wrong, and why they should not continue to do these things. claim.
Therefore, this center is a shlem to teach them to recognize ABKD and 123 and so on.
“We are still discussing this and in a few days, I will let you know when the border talks will be held again and perhaps the border inspection that we can do together,” said Conrad.
For this reason, a nation or village that is still farming is a nation and village that is healthy physically, spiritually and mentally.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President Shillong City, Bah Banpyntyngenlang Syiemlieh, said that the party has welcomed these foreigners after they came to the programme, to leave and when they arrived at this place, they It was found that the foreigners were lying on the road.
The power outage in urban areas will last for 2 hours while in other areas it will last for 5 hours.
He recalled the events and situation in this village which has undergone various changes until this moment since these years.
Nongpoh, March 23: Various political parties from Ri Bhoi District including the RBYF, HYC, CORP, HNYF, RBSU, HNM and the Senglongkmie of Bhoir District have marched with placards to express their opposition. The ceremony was held at the Kurkalang Square in Bhoirymbong today.
North Liberty opened the scoring through Rio Marboh (2), but Rishandabok Marweiñ (26) converted for Sibsingh.
You know how happy I am since I received you.
“Bah Ardent tells only those who are clean that if MUDA comes, the water will be cleaner, street lights will be given to encourage the people to accept MUDA while he doesn't tell anything to those who are poor. MUDA, before there is even one prek left to build a house, you have to spend lakhs of rupees otherwise you will not be able to build a house,” said Bah Shylla.
I remember at a meeting held in Umden, Bah Lapang came straight from Delhi to Guwahati and from Guwahati he came straight to the venue of the meeting. “He cried again in the meeting,” said Dr. Celestine, recalling the election campaign of Bah Lapang against the Congress candidate Mayrald Born Syiem who won the election from Nongpoh constituency.
“I have made it clear to the MLA that to cooperate with the Government there is no problem, if the Government runs it will benefit the village.
By righteousness she has empowered men and women to become rulers.
Meghalaya also won 35 silver and 78 bronze medals.
For the development of the country and the nation, we must all work hard in our own work.
Krem Myrsiang FC beat Ever Young 1-0 in the final of the Second Division Football Tournament held at Lamyrsiang Stadium on 11th November.
This is what caused the problem.
He said that as a nation we need to demand a Personal Law to protect the rights of individuals like Muslims, Hindis and others.
In memory of this hero, the Seiñ Raij Tuber has erected a monument at Tuber Kmaishnong village. This monument is located on the side of the National Highway. Many people from near and far like to climb to the top of this monument.
Meanwhile, Khliehmawlieh won the match against Pyndengrei.
Shillong, June 24: U Minister of State for Forests, Prestone Tynsong today convened a meeting of the Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) Committee headed by the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya. It is responsible for the implementation of the funds received by the government from the Lafarge Company.
In the same year, he won the Best Reggae Ever Acts award for the song “Beautiful Girls” at the MOBO Awards. in reggae songs, which made him popular in the music industry.
The rollers available from these companies can roll about three to four times an hour; and they run them with dab oxen.
Because they still need more organizations, the 514 WSHGs have been encouraged to implement the funds by applying for loans from banks to use in their projects.
“For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life” For God so so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life" John 3:1
MEPA also recommended to the government to provide special training to journalists to understand how to report in various lines.
“All the people who opposed me have gone to support the NPP candidate, but this will not affect me, because the NPP candidate himself is a weak person in the country. the thought of the world and the weakness of every side"
He said the Government will ensure that the peace talks will be successful in order to restore peace and stability in the State.
There are many parties and political parties.
Freddy passed the first round in Shillong and then went to the second round trial in Guwahati, where he qualified for the final round. trial in Mumbai and it was here that he was able to impress the coaches to showcase his skills and was selected.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: Although the residents of the state have been looking forward to the cooperation between the ethnic parties in the state, this time the HSPDP and the United Democratic Party (UDP) have been waiting for the cooperation between the ethnic parties in the state. ) who used to work together under the umbrella of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) before the 2018 elections, have decided to leave their own path where there will be no more cooperation before the upcoming elections. long in 2023 to the State Legislature.
Perhaps he will know better the problems of rural schools, and we hope that he will lead this department which has been in trouble for many years.
He said that from time to time the village authority has talked to the government to provide health services in Mawryngkneng but they have not listened and as a sign of protest against this lack of attention from the village authorities. The sordar said that there will be a mass rally tonight.
Jowai, Lber 22: The District Water and Water Day (WWD) was celebrated worldwide today in Jowai. Sanitation Mission (DWSM) at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong, Jowai, on the theme 'Groundwater: Making the invisible visible'
“Young applicants from Tura, who have applied for the post of Surveillance Worker through the District Selection Committee (DSC), have to wait for the result of the interview which has been conducted since
“In remote areas, the health services to be provided to the people through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will be difficult due to the lack of staff.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tyngsong on Tuesday said that the NPP leadership is shocked by the defection of former Chief Minister MM Danggo. “We were surprised that he joined the BJP, but we couldn't do or say anything.
However, Mamta's actions have prompted BJP West Bengal President Sukanta Majumdar to strongly condemn Mamta's actions, saying the BJP does not want to reveal the truth and wants to hide what. which happened.
Referring to the school, it has reached 25 years since its establishment and it was witnessed by the school authorities that the school is still in the midst of many shortcomings to improve. The school needs a lot of assistance to improve the quality of education in the area.
The heavy rainfall has also caused many floods and landslides in various parts of the country.
Youth of the District who wish to participate must have a birth certificate.
It is worth mentioning that through this road it can also connect up to nine (9) villages and in the past it was called Mawthawpdah – Marngor road which has been constructed since 1993-' Through the MLA scheme during the tenure of Bah Rowell Lyngdoh as MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency, the villages are Laitlawsnai, Rangkhew, Mawsynrap, Mawjyrsim, Mawsep, Pynden, Mawramhah, Mawthong, Mawlarkon and Sohmasem.
Shillong: The Karbi community in Lapangap, West Jaintia Hills District, Nartiang Constituency, has protested against the Karbi community from Assam, who came to forcibly cut down the trees. by the Lapangap Village Council.
Klingson also scored in the first leg against Manipur.
He said that the Nongpoh Town Committee will not only cooperate with the district authorities in the eradication of the use of plastic, but the town committee will also take action to inform the to the village leaders of the town committee to take a decision to work together with the district authorities to eradicate the use of plastic which is a threat to the cleanliness of the environment. and the fire of nature.
At the same time, Bah Kyrmen encouraged the people to take up fish farming as one of the sources of income to increase their income.
Tura, Lber 30 : The Garo Students Union (GSU) has strongly condemned the Executive Committee of the National People's Party (NPP) led by Albinuish R Marak as CEM and Nikman. Ch Marak as Dy CEM for refusing to accept the proposal put forward by Resubelpara MDC Rinaldo Koksi Sangma on the demand for a new Electoral Roll only for GHADC so that other ethnic groups can cannot participate in the election.
Freedom of religion in India such as Muslims, Christians and others has increasingly restricted their way of working.
The singer sings In the land of Hynniewtrep, In the sky, we are the children of Hynniewtrep.
Students who want to study higher education have to go to Nongstoin and a few even to Shillong.
Shillong: Nishanta Chakraborty scored a century in the first match of the U-23 Men's U-23 Trophy at MCA Stadium, Polo, today. 261/7 against Nagaland.
Rupalau traveled around the district to talk to Self Help Groups, farmer groups and village authorities.
Bhalang also did not show any difference even when he worked.
Amit Kumar, Advocate General (AG), Government of Meghalaya, told the court that there was a plan to hold the public hearing on 19th March 2020 and 30th July 2020, but it was not held. There was a large crowd at the venue.
Hundreds of employees including officers as well as the Ladies Club and school children took part in the tree planting.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 31: “The protest of Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit against the government's failure to review the recruitment quota by indefinite strike has shocked the Garo people living in the border villages. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate of 100,000 people in West Khasi Hills, especially in those villages which fall under the Langpih sector,” said Bah P.Nongshlong, Sordar of Mawïamsyiem.
Fr.Paul Coelho SJ, Principal, St. Savier's College & Higher Secondary School, Umoid in his opening speech on the occasion of this day. He said that the St. Savier's College & Higher Secondary School, Umoid has the intention to celebrate this special day every year as it is important.
Minerva are in second place with 26 points from 12 games.
At this dorbar bah, the Nongrem Kur also honored their children who have achieved success in various fields of study, which is also part of the encouragement and encouragement to their children. that they may not be afraid to read.
Before we conclude this article, we would like to tell the farmers in Khasi-Jaintia that farmers in other countries, such as Germany, used to feed cows with rice; They also make many other products from it, such as starch, maida, alcohol, glucose, rice. cleaning, and other necessities.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today released its candidates for the MDC elections to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC).
When inquired, he said that the producers of the film starring Vidya Balan have not yet announced the name of the film. long in the city of Shillong.
"Lok u Maheh Kham didn't talk to Lydia about what she had brought there.
Speaking to reporters, the protesters expressed their dissatisfaction with the district authorities' refusal to allow them to stay in the area. These teachers were allowed to stay with the understanding that they should not create any disturbance which could disrupt the peace and order.
It is learned that in Wahlyngkhat, several houses have been destroyed but it has not been possible to enter the remote areas of the village due to the heavy rainfall.
He said that the use of plastic bags has a negative impact on the health of the children, urging not to give plastic bags to children as they are easily damaged.
The Republic Day ended with the lowering of the tricolor flag of India at 6 pm.
However, the NPP has spent ` 6.623 crore in the elections.
Most of the Prime Ministers are from the Congress, most of the Union Ministers are from the Congress and it is a party that lacks leaders,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Congress MLA from Mawsynram, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, on Tuesday said that the incident in the Delhi elections, in which the Congress went empty-handed, could affect the state in the 2018 elections.
John 1:10.
He said the government has expressed that it does not want to rush this issue because it is a difficult issue and not an easy issue.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Albinus said that everyone in his constituency knew that he would join the UDP and he had not yet consulted the Umroi MLA Ngaitlang Dhar.
Winestjun Dohling in the 17th minute.
The elected office bearers at the meeting held at the RLSSCO Community Hall on Tuesday include President C. Basaiawmoit, Vice President I Lyngdoh Nonglait, Secretary D. Nongkhlaw, Assistant Secretary DV Nongkynrih, Treasurer N. Shadap, Social & Cultural V.Rabon, Publicity B.Rynjah, Vigilance Secretary Kong V Rabon (New Kench's Trace), Kong T.Lanong (Inverneil), Kong D.Passah (Upper Kench's Trace and Kong L.Shullai (Central).
Deputy Commissioner Arun Kumar Kembhavi, SP West Jaintia Hills R. Muthu and various government officials were also present.
Explaining the situation, he urged the CEOs to send their suggestions regularly to the ECI for further improvement and promotion of simplification of the voters' duties. .
He expressed his sorrow and grief and at the same time said that the HYC strongly condemns the sudden and unexpected attack in Iewduh. He said that the injury of the brothers and sisters is like the injury of the youth who love the country and the nation.
The District Magistrate.
Bah Kynpham Sing Syiem, Leader of KAS stressed on the need for a mass movement so that this long standing demand can be achieved.
However, the biggest threat to the Khasi Hills is the mining of uranium.
Since ancient times, one country has struggled to rule over another, the powerful countries have forcibly imposed their way of thinking and way of life on others.
Itanagar, July 7: Suspected NSCN (K) militants opened fire on an Assam Riffle (AR) camp in Lazu area of ​​Tirap district of Arunachal Pradesh on Tuesday. three days after the group shot dead 18 soldiers.
The brave girl who saved the lives of her brothers and sisters especially her youngest brother, was identified as Aisilin Thongnibah, 7 years old. Sikbistar Thongnibah 1 year old and this family of Elbira Thongnibah have lost their house and all their belongings and now they have to stay temporarily in the house of their sister Elbira Thongnibah. the price of margin.
“The payment will be according to the type of disease but should not exceed T.1.60 lakh,” said Bah Wahlang. they were expecting to receive Rs 1.60 lakh.
Professor Lakhon Kma said that health is very important, and said that if we talk about Shillong, there are adequate hospitals, but if you go a little further away, the specialist doctors don't have enough hospitals. have.
Throughout the night, the residents together with the police have been searching for the drivers and followers of these trucks.
In a statement sent by the President of the Union, Bah Mantiphrang Lyngdoh Kiri, the Union at its public meeting held on the 20th of this month unanimously agreed to resume the protest programs. The flag will be held at all MeECL offices and workplaces from 29th to 31st of this month followed by a sit-in from 05th to 16th November from 11:00 am. morning until 3:00 pm.
Nongsiang said that since the meeting with the government on 30th November 2013, the government has not done anything on the demands of the teachers.
It is said that it is from these parts of the protein that the disease begins to spread and enter the human body.
The deceased was from West Garo Hills District.
Ardent said that even the Meghalaya High Court has ordered the Government to use the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) to curb illegal mining in the state. Meghalaya and the illegal trade in coal.
“We need to be vigilant and the police are doing their job as guards and we need to appeal to the public to restrain themselves without the need for law enforcement,” she said.
At this meeting, the UDP announced that its candidate is Dr Jemino Mawthoh from Shillong Constituency, who has been accepted by all, while the NPP has not yet announced the name, but it is understood that the name of Agatha. Sangma, former MP, has been elected from Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
Speaking to media on Friday, SK Yadav, General Manager of the Food Corporation of India, Shillong, said that the Open Market Sales Scheme (OMSSD) Scheme will be implemented in the country. to ensure that the price of food and beverages should not rise for the benefit of the people and consumers.
“The merger is only to strengthen the relationship, even if it comes back nothing can be done,” said Charles MLA of Nongthymmai.
The meeting was conducted by Asst Organizing Secretary KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit.
Shillong, Lber 21: Bah Cyril Ming has lodged a complaint that unidentified robbers have stolen a battery from the office of the Director of Accounts (Postal). ), Shillong.
Meghalaya has only two MLAs who won on the BJP ticket in 2018 including Bah Sanbor Shullai from Shillong South who is also the Minister of Arts and Culture and Bah AL Hek who won from the BJP ticket. Pynthorumkhrah constituency.
Furthermore, Bah A.Tariang said that Sweetymon's mother is a very intelligent person and she is one of the most valuable residents.
According to Article 326 of the Constitution of India, it has been clearly defined that the citizens who are entitled to be the electors of the Leaders to the Legislative Assembly of the People of the country have already been defined.
Education Minister L Rymbui initially strongly opposed CUET. He said that many students from Delhi University say that students from State Boards and ICSE will find it difficult to pass CUET. Only two principals of the Synod and Union Christian College strongly opposed it.
“We will fight first on the ground and if necessary we will go to Kashari.
Under the Chief Minister Special Grant for the payment of foreigners and travel expenses for returnees and the provision of tests for them, it has reached T. 14.7 crore.
The U-14 team will qualify for the Sub-Junior National Football Championship to be held from 3 to 13 November 2023 in Malda, West Bengal.
“The government should reconsider this decision and the adhoc teachers will take a decision tomorrow morning whether to continue or stop the strike. they".
According to these rules, only 5 foreigners including the candidate and two vehicles will be allowed to enter the village.
The 12 villages in the Sohra constituency have been suffering from the lack of roads.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: People from all over the city and rural areas have come to pay their condolences to Bah Adelbert Nongrum-MDC Jaiaw who has been on hunger strike since the 16th of July. .
“However, we have now considered the matter.
The roads to Laitlyngkot (Dawki road) are crowded with pedestrians especially on holidays and Sundays.
The body of Phibankyntiew Sun who went missing on the same day and Wanboklang Kurbah were found from the same river on Tuesday 4th March .
Shillong, Naitung 31 : The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday said that it is ready to assist all those who have received letters of demand for money on behalf of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). .
Regarding this issue, the village leaders under the leadership of Bah Passon Khongtani, Rangbah Shnong, have appealed to the relevant authorities to help in the repair and improvement of the village. but they have not done anything to this day.
You cannot be gone for all five years and come back out three and four months before the election.
Believers can imagine that they were at that time, when Jesus walked this path,” said CDF Vice President Doron Spielman.
At this Lympung, there was a strong advice from the elders on how to preserve and maintain the religion, customs and traditions.
With this victory, Lajong have managed to keep their team at the top of the table with 15 points from six games.
The Congress has been saying from time to time that it wants different and suitable leaders, but it has been in vain.
