According to information, these Ainrew are related to the Elaka and one is the Clan Bill, which was passed by the dorbar recently.
Ryntih was scored by D Khongsit in the 1st minute and FKhongji in the 53rd minute. in 73 minutes and B.kurbah in 75 minutes.
Wahlang said the Minister has also been requested to visit the factory which has been idle since the introduction of a new factory after the old one could no longer operate.
He said that before Thomas Jones, there was an Englishman named William Carey in 1824 who tried to bring the Khasi alphabet in Bengali and Thomas Jone came in
It was after 20 minutes of the second half that Umphrup scored the first goal.
He said that after the passage of the Land Act 2021, it has benefited the land tenure system and many have come to confirm their ownership of land.
These radio stations are very old but the operation has not yet been able to reach the public especially in the rural areas.
Other figures show that there are 1,091 cases in India so far.
Mumbai: The number of coronavirus cases in Maharashtra has risen sharply in the past 24 hours with 2,347 new cases, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 33,0 The death toll has risen to 1,1
The Navy has done its utmost to expedite the delivery of these ships and submarines for the sake of the security of the country in case of any unexpected problems, especially in such are the days when so many wars are pending around the world.
Shillong, July 07: A team of three Election Commissioners and 13 officers of the Election Commission of India (ECI) will arrive in Shillong on the 12th of this month. will go to the upcoming 2023 Assembly elections.
Make a glass of water the very first welcome to your husband and everyone entering your home.
He was responding to a question regarding the indefinite strike by ACHIK demanding the Government to implement the Roster System since last years and to bring in the Winter Capital in Tura. West Garo Hills District.
He said, “these are just small.
Village A has 220 households and 1359 heads, B has 162 households and 996 heads while C has 189 households and 1007 heads.
Lion Sports Youth Affairs scored 181 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 28.4 overs.
“Before we came to power, several people had received threatening letters, and in the last five years there has been nothing in Garo Hills and the state as a whole has been peaceful and orderly. yes", said Conrad.
“You are not Qutb Minar, but you are looking at the sun.
He said the government has released the assistance directly to the banks of those affected by the incident, unlike in the past.
“There is no point in calling for talks because the recruitment of teachers has been completed.
Two MLAs of the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (TMC) on 11th July handed over their resignation letters as members of the Legislative Assembly before the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
“We don't have any intention to change the seat, but we wonder why the government is slow to send the name of Bah Donkupar Sumer as EM,” said Bah Teinwel.
So far, there are 88 cases of coronavirus in the state.
SBYWA has announced that it will select only three students from each category from SSLC, HSSLC, BSC, BA, BCOM, MA, MSC, MCom and PhD. The award will be distributed in the last month of April 2019 and is encouraged to the youth of the area from Leilong, Leijri, Huroi, Hingaria, Kwator, Borgkhat, Natbor. , Lad Lakadong Lama, Lad Lakadong, Lakadong Umlatdoh, Umlyngsha, Bataw, Pynurkba, Deiñsatlang, Ladwahwapung, Umsatai, Shilliangumshong, Iapmala, Iapmala Deignshalalu and Lumputhoi.
It was also said that since the Revival, the circulation of the book has been better among the Khasi, Garo and Assamese people.
When asked about the Mynkjai garbage dump, the Minister said, “This matter is now under the jurisdiction of the Court.
Meghalaya will play against Hyderabad on 21st November.
“If the people can't win, can't we?” he asked. He warned that if the people don't vote well, the state will be like Tripura where the villagers have become small. paid ha who outside.
In Rum, that is, in the War area, all the people have been devastated because their land outside the Border Fencing and Bangladesh (International Border) has been destroyed. agriculture, rice fields and land owned by our Khasi-Jaintia brothers.
The renovation of the JN Stadium at Polo started last year 2022 and is still ongoing.
Besides the deterioration of goods, the theft and robbery of shops during these months is also very high, said those who sell ktung inside the head of Ïewduh.
Bevan's remarks came after T7's inquiry into the rape of a young woman by a group of men, as reported in the media yesterday.
In a question in the House, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the state government through the PWD will improve the roads, and it should not be done by the company, but until today. , without being faithful.
Earlier, the club had also tried to sign former Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic to please the fans.
YC Pdengkarong after this goal, YC Pdengkarong fought hard to score but until the end of the match, Jarain scored an own goal. The time of play was not enough to score.
However, according to sources, the VPP has turned to Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon as the party's candidate for the upcoming MP elections.
Therefore, these officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, urged the parents, friends and teachers to be vigilant and to speak respectfully to those people with mental disabilities. world, so that these people who lack worldly thinking can escape from such life-threatening incidents.
Sacheti's vehicle, which was intended to reach the scene, could not reach the destination because the road was not sufficient and he had to walk to reach the scene.
Because the reports sent by the Regional Committees have not been accepted.
Besides, many of the proposals submitted by the council to the government to improve tourism and other activities to increase the revenue of the council, have stalled in discussions because the government has not allowed the council to move forward.
“The secretary of JACATAM has received the letter on 20th July while the meeting was scheduled to be held on 16th July,” said Bah Nongsiang. because they never had the power to make any decisions.
According to Bah Rumnong, under the supervision of Kong Nikhla, even in 9 months, it has brought about a smooth running of the work whether it is in terms of money.
The residents of Nongjrong, Labang-Nongphyllut, Nongphyllut Elaka, when they learned of the plan of the Assam Government to merge their Elaka (Dolloi Nongphyllut Elaka) with this District United Mikir and North Cachar Hills, under the leadership of Pa Dolloi, Dolloi Salad and Waheh Sip Sutong, Secretary of the Elaka Dorbar, held a public meeting on 27th January 1948, at Umwasoo. They sent a copy to the Premier of Assam, Rev. JJM Nicholroy, Chairman of the Mikir Hills Boundary Commission. Golaghat, Deputy Commissioner, Shillong and Jowai MLA.
“Shu buh, Kong, I got that job.
In addition, here in Rangjyrteh, there are stones that have been cut into two pieces, about nine holes on each side and nine holes mardait, which they used to play with from time to time and these are called mawkorkatia.
These dead animals have been scattered around the Atlantic Coast and in the rivers that flow into the sea.
He said that the purpose of the search for land is to relocate the Municipal office as it is not yet completed and is currently under construction to bring back its 128 employees.
For the installation of 100 MS Solar LED Street Lights, 100 MS Solar LED Street Lights have been allocated under the SUWP 2022-2023 scheme at a cost of T.20 lakh.
President Dr P Lyngkhoi, Vice President KK Lynser, Working President Denestar Pariong, General Secretary Tonington Tyrsa, Assistant Secretary TM Lawriniang and MS Kharbani, Publicity Secretary. F.Marweiñ, Spoke Person, Treasurer N.Syiemlieh and six Executive Members.
The purpose of this training center is to help train the youth to stand on their own feet and start their own businesses through the skills they have so that they can support themselves. and the house itself through that work which is not to be done.
The incident happened after Vishwa and his friends were planning to come to Shillong to represent their state in the tournament, which will start tomorrow. sun.
Azmi did not say how much she paid for the drugs.
Even the spirit of knowledge seems to have lost the desire to do evil and pride has begun to rule or ride on many people in this age.
After this, Bah Kharshiing also handed over a copy of the report and the Meghalaya Sports Policy 2019 to the Chairperson of the Commission, Professor SM Sungoh in the presence of other members of the Commission.
Akshay's films include Laxmmi Bomb, Sooryavanshi and history film Prithviraj, while Kareena is shooting for Aamir Khan's Laal Singh Chaddha in Chandigarh.
As we used to see that most of the people fled from behind the villages, we asked Lieutenant Sadlier to wait on that side.
Ri Bhoi and West Khasi Hills have won the title of the Chief Minister State Level U-12 Years Football Tournament 2023 which started on 12th July and was played at SAI STC Center located at Nehu University, Shillong.
The Dorbar Shnong Nartiang has expressed the concerns of many stakeholder groups including the residents of the Nartiang-Umladang Constituency.
He said that there are about 30 cooperative societies in Garo Hills.
Syiem said the investigation into the incident is ongoing and the incident has been registered at Rynjah Police Station.
But it is only through the power of prayer and our faith in the living God that all this disease can be eradicated.
However, this was not the case and the Court upheld the action of the Government of India.
After the march, the HYC leaders held a public meeting in Nongpoh, where they expressed their deep sorrow over the harassment of the people in the border areas. They also expressed their concern over the inability of the state government to rebuild the school in Khlieh Umwang, which was destroyed by the Assam government in
After one of Rajamouli's films to be released at the end of the year, it has been reported that Mahesh Babu will play the role of Lord Hanuman and this will also be Rajamouli's second film to be directed by Mahesh.
In the meeting with the contractor on the 8th of this month, the KSU demanded that he should provide the necessary documents within 5 days, but even after the closure, it was found that not a single employee Foreign states also do not have the necessary documents to provide which can be obtained from the JHADC.
The 29-year-old, who is also a two-time Olympic champion in the 1,500m, has now set a new record in the 15,00m in Florence, Italy. On July 2, she also broke the five-year record set by Genzebe Dibaba of Ethiopia.
There were fire engines, which tried to reach the scene of the fire, but because they did not arrive in time, which made them unable to control and extinguish the truck. he is the fire.
The price of petrol has dropped to T.72.41 per litre from T.73.16 per litre.
He said that by taking into account the experience of NTPC in the management of projects, this relationship will improve the availability of infrastructure and prevent the loss of MeECL. Whether to install a pump storage plant to help generate electricity and the water will be pumped back to the water sources such as Umïam Dam so that the water can be reused when it is needed. the water.
Therefore, between both the central and state governments as well as the pharmaceutical companies have a freedom of understanding without any need to worry if there is any incident between the mistakes. and their medicines are not the same.
Nongpoh: Several days after it appeared in the media, which revealed that there has been a corruption inside the Model Degree College at Patharkhmah, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang together with engineers and officials from the department Students and others, yesterday, visited the college and found that there are some parts of the college that have been damaged.
God's Word says Jeremiah 33:6 'Behold, I will bring health unto her, and I will heal her.
The presence of mind and valiant act of BSF troops has once again foiled the ill intention of cross border smugglers.
The students who were honored in the SSLC include HameKisan Nongkynrih who got 13th position, Aphilarisha Diengdoh I who got 18th position and Bivan Plielad Chyne who got 19th position.
The US Justice Department said that Hernan Lopez has been found guilty of committing the crime in accordance with all the provisions of his involvement in the crime. Lopez is currently facing up to 40 years in prison. years along with fines amounting to millions of dollars.
Therefore, if we don't understand, the syrngiew will not be released, but if we don't participate, it will stay.
The RBDSA has also informed that the women's football players will leave tomorrow while the athletics players will leave on the 13th of July for Tura.
The prison was further increased to 298 inmates.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday imposed a curfew in Shillong from 6 pm to 5 pm. across Shillong, starting from 6th July 2018, until further notice.
Nine MDC seats have been vacated, one in JHADC and seven in KHADC after MDCs who were MLAs at the same time, resigned for fear of violating the law.
The body of Fullmoon was found from Mynkre near the road leading to Amrit Cement.
He said that most of the time when there is an allegation of links between the insurgents and politicians, it cannot be denied but the government cannot act without finding or getting sufficient evidence.
In East Khasi Hills, 50 cases including 6 cases from Armed Forces, 29 cases from high risk, 1 case from SARI, 1 case from ILI, 1 case from Barapathar cluster, 4 cases from Jaiaw cluster and 7 cases from Madanryting cluster. , one in the Oakland Road cluster and one in the Polo cluster.
In the plains where there is plenty of water, throughout the Dkhar country, they plant pai like this.
Before the meeting, Rgh Hambok Kharmawphlang, Chairman of the Seng Khasi Kmie, gave a thanksgiving speech and the flag of the college was raised by Rgh Don Kupar Dkhar.
Shillong: U Bah Bless Dkhar, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Federation (HNYF) East Khasi Hills, has been arrested by the police for demanding 1500 tyngka from each truck of 10 and 12 shaka to release them. Speaking to u SP News Agency, the president of the party, Bah Sadon Blah, said, “When I was arrested, I didn't say anything else on this issue”.
“It is a memorable incident that the two prime ministers have visited various places in Langpih and talked to the people,” he said.
To the children, relatives, friends and family of Dr. Plosimai Mawkhiew, Laitdiengsai, we are deeply saddened to learn of the passing away of Dr. Plosimai Mawkhiew, at the age of
Ker Syrti scored the third goal in the 69th minute for Mulait United to take three points.
Aboh's follower was also reportedly killed in the shooting, having sustained serious injuries.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS, today said that the Animal Welfare Board of India has issued an order to ban the use of glue traps to catch wild animals. which is against the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Acts,
Although these youths of the HSPDP Youth Wing have not yet announced where they will join or whom they will support in the 2018 election, according to sources. It is understood that these youths after refusing to support the HSPDP may also join the PDF which is one of the newest political parties. They also said that these youths can also support the candidate of the party in the upcoming election.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (NALSA) on Saturday held the National Lok Adalat in all districts of Meghalaya under the banner of NALSA.
Speaking to the scientists, Prime Minister Duh said he was delighted to be at the ISRO Telemetry Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC) in Bengaluru. particularly where the body and soul are filled with joy.
He said that from time to time they visit Balakhawa, because when there are any problems he informs them and they have the cooperation, whether it is related to the state or anywhere else.
The KNGSCU has expressed its surprise that on that day the DC of West Jaintia Hills, together with the police, went to attack the students.
About 20 youths under the banner of MASGA held this demand in front of the Soso Tham Auditorium.
“Are those orders issued by the High Court on 13th November, 2019 and 14th March, 2022 invalid before the KHADC? ) We would like to say that let it be a warning to the Syiems and Ministers who misuse their powers and tomorrow after others if they rise to the throne to look after exactly the work to promote them Thousands of children in the Khadar rule within the jurisdiction of the Hima, because the law exists if they go beyond that,” said the two Rangbah from the Kur Syiem.
Meanwhile, this year's semi final will be another match for the title as it happened four years ago.
The people turn away from you because you don't have a law to protect them.
This is true and we witness that even inside the market many Khasi shops have been occupied by foreigners and the villagers have to sleep on the ground.
The candidates, who were surprised and shocked, said that the MPSC should have informed them that it has passed the examination.
Perhaps if a special law is passed for the Kyiad pyrsi, perhaps the women and young people will be able to stand on the streets in the evening.
“We urge the government to immediately resolve this problem of garbage, otherwise the problem will get worse in the coming days and will affect the economy and health of the residents,” he said. Owner of Loomsoiung Village.
“This is the beginning and people don't know much about this soh Ñiamtra, its uniqueness, taste and purity, and when we get back such a program we will introduce more to the people. in terms of value as well", they added.
He said the report was in line with the school management as done in Tamil Nadu after conducting a survey of many states with the aim of bringing about uniformity in the payment of teachers. tda method.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Nongkwar wishes a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all the residents of the State.
She was admitted to Bethany Hospital on 8th November 2020 and tested positive for Covid-1
He said that these ksew used to live in the residences of foreign workers in the coal mines to get food, but since the foreigners fled, these ksew have started attacking the animals. the animals that are in the area.
Shillong: For more than seven months, Mawphanlur village has closed down its tourist attractions.
“I don't expect the Union Minister to come into my house and talk to us poor people,” she said.
The Dorbar Shnong has not yet allowed the sale of raid land, but the private land of the village has been allowed to be sold to people from outside the village, but even so they must come and inform. before The village, he added.
After this, the government needs to declare as 'no Vending Zone' in many parts of Shillong.
According to him, if implemented, the UCC will also affect customs, inheritance, marriage and even freedom of religion.
He said the current situation in Garo Hills due to insurgency is very sad.
After the Deinkhlam, Beipun Doh and Beipun Bon were brought to the Synbud Khnong and after a while, the children of Niamtre Niamtynrai from different parts of Jowai brought their beautifully made rots. shape.
Dr.P.Shylla, Medical and Health Officer in charge of Blood Bank Jowai, explained the benefits of blood donation.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Michael Lyngdoh, a short speech was delivered by Bah Rufferson Pariong, President Thangrai Sports Club and Bah KR Lyngkhoi, General Secretary.
First of all, the issue is how the Minister of Agriculture has met with the Kharkaia to discuss the issue of their marketing of synsar or to increase the price, because the State Government has identify this product as a rep product.
He said that foreigners without licenses should be banned and should not be allowed to work and those who are already working without licenses should be expelled. The EM of Labor Department said that the KHADC's action is to curb the illegal entry of foreigners.
At the same meeting, the Minister also distributed assistance to the beneficiaries who are the producers and farmers under the FOCUS and FOCUS PLUS schemes and also distributed pigs and cattle. and also donations to women's SHGs through Yess Meghalaya.
The residents of Lapangap, a village on the Meghalaya-Assam border, who have protested against the state government's failure to protect the border, have protested against the Assam road construction contractor on Friday. .
The fourth issue, which is included in the Five Star Point, Pala said is to fight against the smuggling of drugs from Bangladesh, Nepal and other places.
These guys obviously know better than me.
She said that through this programme, the program will provide training to the people on how to farm in the gardens of the Aganwadi Centers and how to store and store water for reuse. dry times.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will lodge a complaint with the State Government against Theilin Phanbuh, Chairperson of the Women Commission in the State. Khasi women who marry foreigners as well as their children.
At the same time, he said that the Trinamool Congress stands on the basis of working together to promote social development, economic development, for the sake of land preservation. and to promote the culture and traditions of India and to include all religions within India.
Batesi TV and CSWO have expressed their condolences to the people of Nongthymmai. Look at Lyniong.
It is an activity that can be attended by everyone from women to men, children or the elderly or of any age.
Misleading statements and appearing in the form of disruptive messages in the days leading up to the votePersonal criticism of opponents and criticism of candidates of other political partiesProviding information that State Government on their schemes in neighboring states where elections will be held in due courseAttempts to attract voters by calling for nomination to make promises under schemes that do not exist such as giving bribes to voters through false promisesUsing a candidate's name to speak against any group of votersLeaders of political parties recognized as 'speakers' Under Section 77 of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, they give speeches at large meetings.
Also for the selection of athletes in Archery, Karate, Boxing, Judo (male & female) under the Residential & Non Residential scheme, SAI; The selection will be held at the Sports Authority of India Ground, NEHU Campus Shillong on the 18th-19th November, at 8 pm (12 to 18 years).
He had such a strong mind that the Khasi rejected the demand for a Khasi Jaintia State and were ready to join hands to demand Garoland together with the Diko.
The Lord Jesus said further, “I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father” (John 16:28). ).
When asked about the lack of buses to transport school children to reduce the traffic jam, the Minister said that the State Government has taken action but this is still unacceptable to the parents because it has to do with a sense of security for children.
Earlier, Bah Paul said that before the elections, they announced that they want a Khasi Prime Minister but from Garo Hills, there is no such voice from the Khasi Hills that they still want a Garo Prime Minister.
N Sten Secretary Chnong Mowjem confirmed that the land is still within the boundary of the village and they have the documents and documents to prove this. They came to build a house in the forest of the Presbyterian Mowjem.
The Behdieñkhlam of Seiñraij Tuber will be held on 24th November 2020 and the Behdieñkhlam of Seiñraij Ialong will be held on 09th November
Ganapathi, who is himself a science student, said the machine weighs 28 kilos and has a two stroke engine and anyone weighing less than 80 kilos wants to climb a tree. in 40 seconds and he will get down from the tree easily, turning off the machine and can climb up to 80 trees, using only 10 liters of petrol.
The MP seat at that time also went to the Congress.
“This 80 percent combine reservation can only work in districts where there are no other ethnic groups, but it will be difficult when there are others but they are less than the percentage,” he said.
The Nigerians were arrested from a Night Super bus coming from Agartala and heading to Guwahati.
The ABVP, in a petition to Dr. Harsh Vardhan, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that many Indian students who go to study in the USA and European countries are not accepted. injected, as well as those that have not been injected at all.
“His relatives should come forward to ensure that his birthday is celebrated in a beautiful and meaningful manner. “It will be dedicated to the monuments that will never be forgotten,” said Bah RG Lyngdoh.
This was announced by the Union leaders at a meeting with the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh held at the Conference Hall of the Secretariat.
Police have arrested all the trucks with registration numbers AS11 AC 6499, AS11CC 9516, AS01 DC 6882, NLOI AC 0685, ASOI EC 7413, AS11AC
Before the cleanliness drive, a short meeting was conducted by Arwanki Laloo Secretary Seiñkynjei and short speeches were delivered by Kaida Thma Member of Seiñkynjei and Waheh Shnong Panaliar Riquoma Rq Laloo.
Taking note of the complaints of the children, who have faced problems regarding the delay in education, Pragna Parande, said that at present, after finding out that Ri Bhoi, has received a strong complaint regarding the delay in education. The NCPCR has issued a 10-month notice to the education department in Ri Bhoi District to look into the complaints of these students and to address these shortcomings. everything.
The building belongs to M/s Kamal Jail, Punit Jain, Nikhil Jain and Biswajit Talukdar which started on 20th October,” said the KSU. The Shillong Headquarters has also been cleared according to Office Order 1038 issued on 25th July 2022, in which VK Singh has approved to relocate the office before retiring.
However, this year the water level has been higher than in previous years.
On the other hand, the group also urged the BDO to take action against the shooting death of Ronningstar Nongkynrih by the BSF. The road between Shillong and Tamabil from Pynursla Road to Nongshyrngan will be cleaned.
Dated.
Conrad Sangma said that in the last five years, his government has taken good care when there is any conflict to ensure that peace and order will be restored and maintained by peacefully and not by force. and use bullets so that nothing tragic happens.
Thus they walked together until they came to a place of separation.
The college was approved by the DoNER department through the NLCPR and the delay is due to the need to submit the documents.
The Ministry of Railways has directed the CRS, a government body, to conduct a thorough investigation into the incident at Balasorena. train that occurred on the 2nd, July.
Earlier, S. Lyngdoh, DPM, DPMU welcomed the speaker and the meeting was conducted by Starwell Paduna, Deputy Manager, DPMU and M. Syngkon, Assistant Manager, DPMU. words of greeting.
Mani Bhusan (42 runs off 77 balls) and Trinayan Dutta (30 runs off 49 balls) were among the Spartan batsmen. over, conceded 29 runs for the loss of 4 wickets, while Riboklang Hynniewta bowled for 9 overs, was tied for 26 runs and took 2 wickets.
The meeting was also the launch of the RDA election campaign for Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin.
Employees should wear masks while working and hand sanitizer should be provided in these shops.
The teachers should not be blamed for not being able to teach, but because of the weather conditions this year and for this reason they have suggested to the government to allow them to They took their examination without writing the selection test.
The importance of gold for women can be explained by the fact that they really love and enjoy wearing it since childhood.
“The government should pass this Bill without delay,” he said.
The total number of cases has risen to 97 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
Shillong: The 10-day football tournament of the Kur Lyngdoh Nongbri at Thadan village in Mawkynrew constituency was held in the presence of former Minister Martle N Mukhim and other dignitaries. The Kur and the Lyngdoh of the Kur, Bah Khlainni L Nongbri, Bah Lewis Lyngdoh Nongbri who is also the President of the Kur Nongbri Thadan, the elders of the village from the Sordar Bah Shastar L Nongbri and the people.
Then those children who were stolen were angry with their teacher why he did not punish the thief.
The use of the word "War" or "Pnar" or Bhoi refers to the areas related to geography in terms of physical features. Those who came from Pnar were called Pnar and those who came from Bhoi were called Bhoi.
It happened one evening when I came home from work that I met him on the street.
Hugo, who is the leading goalkeeper of Tottenham, has brought about the end of his international career in July this year; after the French national team lost in the final of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
Before introducing the bill, Bah Adelbert briefly said that the implementation of the State Reservation Policy is for the purpose of recruitment in Government departments.
In a petition submitted to the DC and DTO of EJHD, the four organizations said that if the driving practices in the district remain illegal, then private vehicles will also drive together. and vehicles that have already applied for permits, this, besides being an illegal act which defames the district EJHD and also causes many bad things in the traffic, this will also affect those who They have already applied for local permit because they have to pay various taxes to the government and also loans to banks for their vehicles.
Those who violate this order will be punished under the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and the IPC. when you announce something else.
Of course, the state government is taking seriously the task of achieving the goal and we will try our best to discuss and arrange with the Ministry of Home Affairs of the central government so that by mutual consent. I'm sorry,” said the Prime Minister.
The Sunni Waqf Board will also be given a 5 acre land adjacent to the site for their needs.
“On our part, we should not rely solely on this, but we will continue to monitor and find out if there are more than 365 or more than that or less than that”. said Mr. Dkhar.
The son of the mystery, upon receiving the money, dropped out of school and said that another friend of his, bought a car. Police have arrested the children who received the money and the police have given the mothers time to return the money within five days.
Streamly Suchen is one of the members of the KSU for about 20 years and is one of the strongest members of the KSU, while Laitphar Syngkrem is the leader of the KSU War Jaintia Circle. .
Nongkrem MLA Lambor Malngiang said that the reason for his contest in the MDC election is because of the people.
She said that one of the things that the department is more concerned about is the meat. “The meat is unclean at all,” she said.
Jowai, Lber 5: 'This is a time when we are busy, we don't have time to remember God and also to talk to God,' said Pastor FS Rymbai. The 15th KJP Eastern Synod was held today at the Presbyterian Church, Mihmyntdu.
“After the Government said it had received only Rs 76 crore from Delhi.
“The competition will be tough as the players who will take part in this tournament will include the prominent stars of the country, but nevertheless we hope that the players of the state will play well, and we have witnessed that Badonkupar Synnah and Sanjeev Maskul have done well in the East Zone Elite Men's Boxing Championship which was held in April. long at home,” said Bah Kharpran.
Swer Memorial Secondary School won the Under-14 Girls category in the Long Jump led by Turoi Phawa.
So they stopped there because it was almost time for the teachers to come in.
“According to the information, 90% of the voters get electricity, water supply but we don't know where they get it, the Shnong doesn't give them anything.
The letter was sent by the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District to Bah Ardent at 11 pm while he was sitting near the Additional Secretariat.
The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) on Tuesday laid wreaths at the statue of Tirot Sing Syiem. they didn't go to the Soso Tham Auditorium.
However, when contacted by Pynursla Police Station, they declined to comment on the incident.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Deficit Teachers Association (KJDSTA) together with the Garo Hills Deficit School Teachers and Employees Association (KJDSTA) have decided to temporarily suspend their second strike in the state. Their protest in Phase
The leaders of the union and the members who were present on the night, expressed their concern over the illegal behavior of these LPG truck drivers who are also from the two states. It can pose a serious threat to those who use the lyer tyndong and may not cause any tragic incident.
Those who attended the event were the Ministers of the two villages, Upper Mawpud, Bah Macdonald Thongni and Lower Mawpud, Bah Robert Basan, the residents of the village, parents, youth and women. Along with the senior officials, members of the NHYF including the Working President of the HNYF, Bah Shimbor Langte and others.
The duty of the Prime Minister is to empower the country's vision, in which previous Prime Ministers have encouraged Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan and Jai Vigyan.
Nongpoh, Nailar 31: On the occasion of the Rasong Village Organization, Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, on the occasion of the two-year anniversary of the Rasong Village Organization. The Rasong Village Organization (RAO) also opened its office.
"The BJP government wants to kill Laluji in hospital by giving him a bih," Rabri Devi wrote on her Twitter account.
And many of these signs show a lack of authority.
In 2021-22, the number of Scheduled Caste (SC) students from Primary to Higher Secondary has increased to 4.83 crore from 4.78 crore in 2020-2
On the 20th of this month, the training was held at Sati Raja School, Umsning, Ri Bhoi District. ,Nongstoiñ, West Khasi Hills District.
Davis said the police are investigating the distribution of demand letters in the name of the HNLC.
According to him, everyone has shaken hands during the elections and this is a common occurrence.
In Mairang, the Minister of Food, Bah Comingone Ymbon unfurled the flag and followed by the unveiling of the coffins by the government departments at the Sub-Divisional Agriculture Officer's Office. The Block Development Officer won the second prize and the Fishery Officer won the fourth prize.
The election promises made by the BJP and released by Nadda are to set up a corruption investigation team to be headed by a retired Supreme Court judge.
If you feel differently or angry with yourself, think about how much God doesn't fight but how much He loves instead of how much He is Holy and should have fight against sin but He allows it. and we know that we shall not sin, even though we know him.
Police have alleged that two youths, Sanborli Dkhar and John Syiemlieh, were involved in the robbery of a Mahindra Max MLO5-J-2
The JAC, which includes the village leaders of War Jaintia Hills and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), have filed a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court on the allegation of corruption in the Meghalaya High Court. regarding the construction of the Dawki-Amlarem-Jowai road or NH 206 which has been allocated by the Central Government up to T.43 crore.
A seller of English chickens, who closed his shop, said that the stoppage of selling English chickens is not because the price of English chickens has not increased but because they have not received enough chickens from Assam and sold at a low price.
The certificate was distributed at a meeting held at Mawtawar Village. Speeches were delivered by all the Rangbah Shnongs in which they expressed their gratitude to the MDC Bah Sawkmie for his initiative. to issue Sanad to all rural villages.
In Jowai, Rangdajied opened the scoring in the 12th minute through Knerktilang Buam.
Many have sacrificed their lives for the 'good of tomorrow' for the sake of their children and to preserve the land, culture, heritage, language and others.
This is the third time that Shanborlang will compete in professional boxing since he won the Marine Pro Boxing Promotion 2022 in Mumbai and the Professional Boxing Promotion 2022 in Manipur.
West Bengal Chief Minister and TMC leader Mamata Banerjee will be able to attend the opposition meeting in Bihar next month, a source said. which came from the organization yesterday.
Member of the Committee and Mawkyrwat MLA Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar said that students from the district in the past had to go to other districts for their studies. their.
Recently, the Government has set up a Regulatory Board (RB) under the Meghalaya Private Universities Act, 2012 to ensure that non-government universities comply with the rules and regulations laid down in the Meghalaya Private Universities Act, in terms of equipment, training, research, examinations and others.
There have also been complaints from the residents about the lack of lines leading to these villages and this has made it very difficult to repair the electricity supply when there is a shortage for any reason.
Jowai, July 12: The National Bank of Agriculture (NABARD) in collaboration with the Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) today set a target to facilitate the trade of farmers in the rural areas. to build a market in Namdong B Village under West Jaintia Hills District.
Dr. Nichwa LS Nongtdu Asst Professor NEAU & NEACON explained on Pathophysiology & Medical Management of OA, Dr. Amedwent Kyndait (PT) Assistant Professor, NEAU explained on Physiotherapy Management of OA while Dr. Eusivia Dr. Andrea Shylla, Physiotherapist, Ialong Civil Hospital, Ialong Civil Hospital, Dr. Andrea Shylla, Physiotherapist, Ialong Civil Hospital, explained that she is happy to work on this project. It works because it has the opportunity to help people to regain a happy and free life.
Baridua village has deployed guards at all entrances and exits of the village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12 : U BJP MDC from Tura, Bernard Marak on Tuesday clarified the beliefs and misconceptions of the people about Aadhar.
Another reason for the anger of many teachers is that they have not been biased in that those teachers whom he loves have already paid their salaries since 9 October 2015 and this was confirmed when a check he gave to one of the teachers was seen.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 30: The celebration of the National Sports Day 2023 was held at the Artificial Turf Ground, MDSA, Nonglang, South West. Khasi Hills District was very busy with more than 600 school children participating.
After losing to Ukraine in the play-offs of the 2022 World Cup, the team won the Nations League Group to qualify for the top flight. high for the first time.
To these.
In Karate (IND Kumite 50 kg), Ram Lanong won Silver in Taekwondo, Handa and Papang won Senior Bronze in Kyorugi (80 kg), Echwamidao Phawa won Silver in Wrestling (57 kg) and Silver in Golf by Jason Passah (Amateur) who won the goal.
Against this world stands the teaching and sermon of Jesus Christ on the Mount, which says, “Blessed are ye poor; the Kingdom of God is yours! Blessed are ye that hunger now: for ye shall be filled. you will be filled! Happy are you who are now; (Luke 6:20-21) The Gospel is the life and ministry of Jesus Christ.
The Kharmetor have been stationed in this area of ​​the Municipality for many years ago because they clean the waste from the toilets within the boundary of the Shillong Municipality because the villagers do not do this work.
Lionel Messi's 10-goal led Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) to their 11th Ligue 1 title.
Those leaving Shillong will travel from Shillong to Mairang, Nongkasen on the right (Laitkseh Road) and on the left from Laitkseh Road to Mawkaton, Mawshongkhyndew, Mawsnarih to Mynni Mawbri, Jaidoh Mawthungkper, NongKynjang to Nongkhlaw.
Speaking on the occasion, the Joint Secretary of the ABVP, Bah Bomsing Khongtir, said, “On 25th October 2024, the World Organization of Students and Youth (WOSY) has held a meeting. Members of ABVP are also invited to attend the celebration.
Therefore, the Union urges the State Government to appoint another officer, who can work properly for the Umsning C&RD Block office, so that it will be for the benefit of those who. people in the villages under it.
It is to be recalled that the Netwero of Jio Company has been down since 4th November 2023 and many people have complained and faced problems that the network is not working and as it appears the people do not know the reason. Many people were angry and accused the company of not taking any action.
Therefore, Bah Sungoh said that the group will stand on the ground and the fact that these paradoh parasnam who lost their lives in this incident should get their rights. .
They were performed by singers including Bah Rana Kharkongor, Jameer Kharkongor, Cubicle and Special Act from the Shillong Chamber Choir.
Besides the appointment of Chairman and Vice Chairman in various government departments, which don't need anything but only to appoint those who won elections and those who didn't get to become ministers, there is also the appointment of Chairpersons. of the Meghalaya State Women's Commission.
The patient is currently in Assam, Sangma said.
These are the “niut” who must be thrown into hell of eternal fire.
The program was enriched by the singing and dancing of the Group Khatarshnong who witnessed the ceremony.
Regarding the stone throwing of vehicles accompanying the Governor, the Chief Minister said that there was a stone throwing of vehicles accompanying the Governor. They came back after they had left to drop off the Governor of the state, in this incident one vehicle was damaged.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that regarding the allegation that there was urea in the ration, the Food and Safety Department has Send this rice for testing at the testing centers and after 2-3 days they will receive the report.
Many types of competitions were held during these days such as Quiz, Debate, Extempore Speech, Singing, Dancing, Fancy Dress and Mimicry.
The company has denied the allegation and said it has not sent any goods to China since China banned business relations with United States companies. States.
Paragraph 3, which was at the beginning, allows those who have one third of the parties, who wish to split, to do so.
It has long legs, about ten inches long.
The HSPDP Youth Wing, in fact, will support the reform, but says, “Only the Khasi and Jaintia State can solve the problem of Reservation Policy” (Mawphor 02.02.2022).
Ma Thombor said in reply to a question whether there is a NOC issued by the council to take land for the construction of signs on the Indo-Bangladesh border.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Cabinet today approved the introduction of a single budget by merging the Non-Plan with the Plan Budget for this year.
This image of the cross sometimes moves forward and backward, sometimes moves to the right and left.
Shillong: Ka KHNAM has written to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, regarding the age limit for those who wish to enter government jobs.
“We don't have any other option but to increase the price of beef if the government cannot curb the beef trade,” said KJBWA Vice President Generous Warlarpih. Rupang on Tuesday.
These buses are also equipped with four CCTV cameras on each bus, namely, front, rear, driver's seat, passenger seat and seat seat.
Regarding this statement of the Minister, the farmers in the state cannot accept it, said Pariat and it is sad for the farmers, instead of speaking for the welfare of the farmers in the state. The judges of the day have issued an announcement like these words.
In his speech, Bah Mawkon said that we should follow the example of our ancestors to connect and get closer to nature.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hek said, “I support the contest by a joint candidate but not from any party”.
On this occasion, Samla Damebanmerbha also demonstrated Karate which impressed and impressed the leaders of the Dorbar Shnong.
Ribok Hynniewta played well with the ball and bat and scored 53 runs and took two wickets which was enough for him to win the man of the match.
The Dorbar Shnong informs that this rule will not affect the people who come to the village to get medicine.
Habakkuk 3:1-2.
Shillong, Naitung 04 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with members of the International Solar Alliance (ISA) in Gurugram, New Delhi. adopt the most efficient techniques to generate electricity from the energy of the Sun.
However, in the last nine years we have seen that only the leaders in the Opposition have been investigated, arrested and imprisoned.
Decode the first page to hide the College name, Roll Number and Registration.
The Deputy Commissioner also informed that the Bill Light payment points of MeECL will be at each Community Hall of the villages from 9 PM to 4 PM in agreement with the Village Authorities and the MeECL Office. Banks in East Jaintia Hills can open from 10AM to 4PM to assist those who need to go to the banks in mutual understanding, arrangement with the village authorities within the service area of ​​the banks to provide information. Banks will be opened only for a few villages on one day to avoid overcrowding (Cluster of village approach).
“The State and the district itself is still lagging behind in preventing the deaths of poor women.
According to him, the Government usually issues a tender only to take the helicopter which also depends on the use of it and pays on an hourly basis.
It is to be recalled that this season has been a memorable one for the state, in which the MCA has decided to field only players from the state in this tournament.
“Today we have imported 15 or less than 20 metric tonnes of fish from Andhra Pradesh and Assam,” said Bah Mitchell.
Nongstoiñ, July 29: The WKSU, WYF, UHM, HANM and MYF have expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's inability to provide accurate information on the The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on the 26th of this month.
Up to 500 districts from across India will participate in the tournament.
The time has come for the mindset to change from 'us first' to 'we together'
In the 2013 MLA election, Dr. Pariong received 8500 votes and lost to Maieid Hoping by 2500 votes. In the MDC election, Dr. Pariong received 9500 votes. LG Nongsiej, but the question now is whether these 8500 or 9500 votes of Dr. Pariong will go directly to Gabriel Wahlang? Or how many votes are there? However, all this will be revealed on the 24th of November, the new polling day in Nongstoiñ.
Ronnie said that a few days ago, Union Minister Anand Kumar Hedge had expressed his desire to amend the Constitution of India and repeal the Constitution. Secular or freedom of religion is not included in the Constitution of India.
Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA of East Shillong, on Tuesday said that the suggestion of former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to arrest and hand over the police who killed four people in the village Mukroh is a source of encouragement to the villagers in the state.
(9) This makes it possible for you to save money for your home.
NPP candidate Skhembok Suchiang, independent candidate Comely Lyngdoh, UDP candidate Oren Lyngdoh from Muthlong Sohkymphor and full candidate Lomris Lyngdoh.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Garod LSN Dykes urged the residents of Jowai to complete the COVID-19 test.
The Dorbar Shnong has also warned that if the proposal to hold a public hearing on this issue goes ahead, the Dorbar will appeal to the High Court.
As a reminder, he said, "What kind of vehicle do you have, except for a light saw without a siren?"
He has held positions at the Governor's Palace, the North Eastern Hill University and other prestigious venues.
Lajong will prepare for the final match of the tournament against East Bengal on Saturday (29th).
According to Dr Aman War, DHS(MI), the total number of cases in the state has risen to 3,726 of which 2,121 are from the state. East Khasi Hills and 502 cases are from Ri Bhoi.
“Instead of arresting the perpetrator and bringing him to justice, the Prime Minister has hidden himself in Delhi,” said the NPP MLA. “It's a big idea but hasn't done anything to curb violence against women in this state,” said James.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 01 : Young drivers from Meghalaya have won many prizes in the 4th Street King's Autocross Challenge 2023 which was held recently in Nagaland.
In the midst of all these, the human race has its own skills and abilities to produce good things by ingenuity in order to maintain its body and to appear well in the world, even if it has to hide its purposes. snow to lyndet.
AS-01FC-2713 was driven by Kel Shullai son of Dil Bahadur Chettri.
Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister of Finance, Government of India, said that T.4091.66 lakh has been allocated to the Meghalaya government.
The BSF has lodged a complaint at Muktapur Police Patrol Post and seized these cows from Muktapur BOP on the 14th of this month at 1:20 AM.
Therefore, Mother Earth went to pray to Mawlong-Mawteh, which the people of our north call 'U Maw-Peiñ', which is located in a forest about three miles away, before reaching Nongstoiñ.
Cherak W Momin MLA for North Garo Hills, Winnerson D Sangma for South West Garo Hills, Diverland Lyngdoh for DCC and MM Shitlang for DCC. Dr. Eureka FP Lyngdoh in West Khasi Hills and Surosh R Marak in South Garo Hills. Boldnes L.Nongum has been appointed as the Vice President of the MPCC, while Shri Betroy M. Sangma has been appointed as the Secretary of the MPCC. The Vice President of the party, Bah KK Dkhar, has been investigated for his opposition to the party in the last elections. The investigation against him is still in the hands of the Disciplinary Committee.
He will also send a letter on this matter to these Sengs on how it has progressed.
Pynishai's hat-trick was the second of the season.
This was announced by the Committee on the Implementation of the Constitution of India headed by the retired Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, Justice MN Venkatachaliah.
However, in this World Cup, only 32 teams have been selected to take home the trophy, but the people are happy to support the country they love and admire because There is no boundary in the ball, there is no language, but the ball is a language that speaks to all.
So Rida didn't want to do it because if she didn't do it, she would be punished by her mother and Panah would be punished.
If they continue to do this, the time will come when we will not be able to take any action.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 20: Eye disease has started spreading rapidly across the West Khasi Hills where many residents have been affected by the disease.
Don't listen to those who speak evil of you.
However, the GNLA has admitted that the attack was not carried out by members who have defected from the party.
The increase in the budget is to enable the government through the Ministry of Finance to release funds from the Contingency Fund for more urgent activities according to the demands of the departments, which have not been included in the budget. .
A Bolero vehicle was burnt down near the BSNL office. The protest continues until now, with thousands of people gathered near the Raj Bhavan. The meeting was held to demand that the Governor should sign the Meghalaya Residential Safety and Security Act (MRSSA).
They take us to the land of imagination.
New Delhi, November 11: The All India Football Federation (AIFF) has released the schedule for the 2013-14 season.
“She has traveled to many places and has taken care of issues not only in Ri Lum Garo but for the state as a whole.
“If I speak in Hindi, I use the word Bharat, if I speak in English I use India.
It is learned that the robbers tried to intimidate the workers of the quarry by throwing a wooden firearm until they stole the money. .
After the inspection, Dunbar's report recommended that Harry Inglis should be immediately transferred to other Government offices outside the Khasi Hills.
This is after receiving approval from all sides from the Assam government and the border residents living in these border areas.
The two tourists were identified as Avani Soni and Abhishek Jamwal of Vasna Road, Vadodora, Gujarat.
This program in collaboration with the MSOA and the Edge10 Group, has opened up opportunities to identify talented players and also how to train players.
In the book 'Uei u Lyngngam' which I have written, which has ISBN-978-81-933870-3-0, in chapter-2 'The Journey of the Lyngngam', part-2 'Way of Living', I wrote that before the year 1800 the Lyngngam had never seen money.
The government's struggle may be to attract the people to the elections and another reason is that it is still in the midst of a severe financial crisis which has made it difficult for it to implement the these notifications.
However, the Khasi State has lost its status.
On the other hand, the UDP through its Secretary AF Dkhar said that the party has not included in its agenda to oppose uranium mining but said that this issue falls under the agenda of the party. The UDP has demanded that the existing laws should be implemented.
On this occasion, on the 3rd July 2017, an essay writing competition was held for all the students of Mynso on the subject for the protection of the youth. environment.
“On the other hand, the union has lodged a complaint with the Mawlong Elaka but the Elaka has not done anything yet. ".
As part of the selection process, all the necessities including school fees will be provided by the BBFS. DSO Mawkyrwat has opened the 2nd Independence Women Football Tournament 2023 which was held at Pyndenïewlyngdoh Stadium, Nonglang, South West Khasi Hills District. The opening ceremony of the Women's Tournament.
“I am a person who wants to promote the development of the constituency and when I distribute schemes I distribute schemes without discrimination for the benefit of the constituency as a whole,” he said. But Comingone.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said yesterday that the fighting is still going on.
Speaking to reporters, Tynsong said, “I will answer clearly to their statement that if they withdraw their support from the government at such a time, they are afraid that President Rule will come to them. My answer to them is that if the NPP party which led the government has destroyed Meghalaya why are they afraid of President Rule in the state”.
Speaking to reporters, Bah S.Nongtnger said that no group has claimed responsibility for the abduction of this person and there has been no sign of demand. currency.
According to a source from the family members of the girl, the man after committing the crime, threatened the girl that if she tells anyone, he will take even her life, so she has made the child have to listen.
In the complaint, the union said that the Jio Network tower in Nongtalang cannot provide network to all the villages, but it can only provide network to some of the villages. The Seng's mission is to ensure that the network in the village will be salonsar to all the villages, because as it is now, it is like turning a blind eye to the Jio network in Nongtalang.
“The KSU has received information regarding the MBBS quota in Meghalaya through the State Quota, there are many other ethnic groups who have entered the Open Category.
The special meeting was held at the village ground, which was conducted by Bah DA Lyngdoh Sordar Shnong in the presence of the office bearers, members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong and the public. kids.
The price of this lifebouy soap is Shiphew tyngka each.
Speaking to reporters, Lajong head coach Bah Bobby L.Nongbet expressed his confidence and hope that the team will score all three points from this match. Inter Kashi are one of the strongest teams in the tournament.
Vehicles leaving the market were not blocked at all and their path was clear, while those entering were in a very crowded line.
Ernest Mawrie was appointed President of the BJP-Meghalaya on 15th July 2020 and his term of office has expired before the 2023 MLA elections.
In 2018, they tried again and this year through the Chief Minister Relief Fund after the hard work of the Health Department they were able to purchase this vehicle.
He said that the union has waited for three or four months for the minister's promise to clean up the bad areas of the road, but his promise has been in vain.
He said that the real change comes from the villagers and the road is the change because without the road no change can be brought about and this government is determined to build roads across the state.
Shillong, June 28: The Urban Development Department of the State Government will work with the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to curb the street vendors across the city.
Besides, cash prizes were awarded to the 297 players who won medals in various sports including coaches, which amounted to T. 68 lakh.
Therefore, the union urges the government through the health department to take action to provide the right doctors and nurses inside the hospital, as it has become one of the Umsning, where people from different parts of Umsning and even people from outside Ri Bhoi, come for treatment at the hospital, so it is necessary to meet the many shortcomings. inside the CHC, he added.
Hameshaniah Suiam International Kick Boxing, Raja Langstang Me Meghalaya were also present to encourage and motivate the youth. The meeting was conducted by Kong Rinibeth Patlong Program Manager MCSWA. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued a rule that candidates must follow the rules and regulations of the 2023 MLA elections.
Shillong: The rainfall in Sohra today has reached 555.14mm.
There have been attempts to amend Sections 306 to 309 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) to abolish the law of self-government but nothing has been done so far,” Dey said.
Any church, which tolerates Jezebel, will be a disaster, because she deceives those who believe in that church.
The tree planting ceremony was led by Advisor Skhemjingmut Law in the presence of Project Chairman Rtr CA Ram Kyndiah and other members.
Jowai, July 23: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Central Body has expressed its regret over the load shedding in Jaintia Hills District. without first informing the public clearly.
He said the former Syiem had set up a Management Board to oversee the work where he was the chairman while his mother, Ismodel Syiemiong, was the secretary.
He said the government will bring about the cooperation of all government departments that have a relationship and mutual trust to implement the IBDLP Programme.
This thought kept him alive and stirring in his soul.
This incident happened while he was speaking to the public.
The Shillong Traffic Police (SPT) has tried to curb the heavy traffic jam in Shillong, but it appears that the traffic jam in the city has increased steadily. The road has remained the same since the creation of Meghalaya from Assam.
Shillong: The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) today said that it will have to consider whether it has received a letter from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. of the Congress party.
The incident took place at Krishnai in Goalpara.
When Dalmia Cement Bharat purchased Adhunik Cement, Dalmia promised to respect and abide by the social agreement. The company does not respect the village and social agreements and therefore the village will close down the company at any time.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit, Ladrymbai Unit and AJYWO have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District over the non-compliance of shops to comply with the rules and regulations issued by the government and the authorities. district to set the prices of products and stock in front of the shops on Thursday.
Dasakhiat will not only contest against Lambor but also against former Nongkrem MLAs Ardent Basaiawmoit and Bindo M Lanong.
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act.
The cycle rally is part of the SVEEP (Systematic Voters Education and Electoral Participation Program) and also releases the Draft Electoral Roll of the full voters.
According to a report published by TNT, Nivedita Barthakur, from the North East, and Advisor to the Health Department of Assam, where Lyngdoh works as a teacher of Her son was invited to lunch at the Delhi Golf Club on July
Babysunday Marngar also scored in the 51st and 90th minutes.
And it came to pass, when Adam was left alone, that God made him afraid;
He concluded by encouraging and blessing the entire family that God will bless them in their daily lives and as a family they will continue to produce. many writers will be of benefit to the future.
They cannot continue the case if the court does not take action.
Ms Judai wrote to the Church on July 9, 2015 to inform about the activities of the elder and he was excommunicated after he confessed to doing so.
The Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) after receiving a complaint about the irregularities in the market of syiar meat, has accused the AMPSRA of failing to control the market. to control it is to believe that it may be a private organization of someone else.
"Investigation has revealed that the suspect, identified as Usman, is from Faislabad, Pakistan," Danish Rana, Inspector General of Jammu, told reporters.
“Besides the traditional dances and songs, the people of the village also entertain the people through the games 'Mawpoin' and 'Suhkhnam' because many of us have forgotten about such traditional games. I used to love to play when I was young," he added.
We have to forget about the government and police of Meghalaya and urge, invite and request you the civil society organizations of our Hynniewtrep Khasi people to do and start working so that our Hynniewtrep people will not be overwhelmed by the storm of Nepali and other foreigners.
Passah also congratulated the CEO for selecting Chutwakhu Club to host the Juggle the Football.
Releasing the pledge, the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, said that there are 34 issues and the top priorities of the party are to accomplish for the people if they win the election. the VPP in this election.
Khliehriat, July 22: Police on Thursday arrested a man for allegedly raping a 14-year-old girl with the intention of raping her. The mother of the child lodged a complaint with the police on the 11th of this month in a village within the border of East Jaintia Hills District.
While others are still alive; you don't know.
He said that the decision will be sent to the committee set up by the central government and Meghalaya will not accept it.
The General Meeting will also present the report of the Executive Committee for the Two Year Term and renew the office bearers of the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 Daloi as the term of the Executive Committee has expired. Now.
Kumar said the Government has decided to build and upgrade Anganwadi Centers which currently accommodate more than 6 lakh children.
The branch of this 'jaitbynriew' is very long and starts from one part of the state to another.
Six people have been killed in a fire at a hostel in Wellington, New Zealand on Tuesday.
The 56 Sub Stations have been handed over to one agency called M/S Broadcasting Engineering Consultants India Limited (BECIL) from Noida, UP to carry out operation and maintenance without inviting the sub stations. “If it is true that the government is responsible for the welfare of the state, if it is necessary to allocate up to 56 Subs, Stations to companies or agencies, the Government should invite an open tender or Expression of Interest (EOI) so that there will be no competition among the companies that apply for the job and so that the Government can consider. The Electricity Department has been established as a business purpose for the benefit of someone and everyone else. At the same time, it is unlikely that the handover of the operation and maintenance to a foreign company will also affect the employment of the local youth who have worked hard.
It too should have adequate fire, ventilation from heat, cold and smoke.
On the other hand, the amicus curiae appointed to assist the Supreme Court has been appointed by the Supreme Court, after the resignation of Dima Hasao. The Student Committee in this case, has stated before the High Court that the order of the NGT, has no respect in Meghalaya, and has also shown many other related matters. and violation of the NGT order in Meghalaya.
The types of toys are also very diverse and require their own types of playgrounds.
“The recognition is not over yet, but we will continue to work hard to become a fully fledged BEd College as many youngsters have dreamed of,” said Treiborlang.
He said that although the mother tried to argue and explain, the BSF did not listen and in the following days when they tried to ask for help, they gave the reason that they had not been arrested. According to the shopkeepers, the truth is that they did not hand over the sugar to the Custom Department but sold it to other people.
Shillong, Nailar 01 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Friday launched the FOCUS+ scheme as part of the assistance to farmers in the state.
We value wealth but wealth is a prison that keeps the nation in the hands of foreigners.
If you vote for the BJP, you will not be disappointed because it will bring development to the state.
UDP Vice President Allantry Franklin Dkhar said the purpose of such programs is to achieve the freedom of Meghalaya from the use of plastic and to promote the use of plastic. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has launched a Plastic Free Meghalaya.
The two-day meeting aims to develop approaches to showcase the beauty of the North East and promote tourism in the region.
Nongpoh: Regarding the landslide on the Dwarksuid Bridge, the statement of the Project Director (PD) of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) Shillong and the order of Arpit Upadhayay, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, on the issue of the bridge.
Ao said the BJP will decide on the nomination of candidates for the election, but this will be only for the candidates who have the hope of getting more votes. for the party.
“On this victory, the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, told the news agency 'X', in which she said, “From the depths of At the same time, the Minister congratulated the young man. Your journey is encouraging,” he said.
He has smashed 15 fours and 10 sixes.
Speaking to reporters, KSU South Central East President Ennocent Khongstia said that the KSU has been pleased with the courage of the Khar Bangladeshis to enter Pynnursla area illegally with the help of agents. Khasi doesn't want to buy cows.
Nongstoin, July 30: The FKJGP Nongstoin Circle on Tuesday led a meeting with the FKJGP Nongstoin Circle President Bah Pynshai Kharbani. The Medical Superintendent of Civil Hospital Nongstoin, on the shortage of testing equipment especially blood test, X-ray, scanning machine and others.
This load was drawn using CAD modeling of CATIA V5R2
He said that before the MP election 2014, the people came to his house to meet and talk that he should contest the MP election. “I respect the 170,000 people who have supported me so far, they have supported me with their own strength. Without any expense, I still respect them,” said the Pastor.
“The Government should re-implement the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) so that the employees who wish to take this premature retirement can have the opportunity like the 150 employees of the Factories before because there were workers who wanted to retire from their jobs," he said.
The Sirdar said that today, he sought information from the Forest Department, that the State Government, does not provide any assistance to those affected by the dngiem, because the law of the The government has decided that only those who have been affected by the floods will receive financial assistance from the government.
AMSSASTA requests the government to take action to release the remaining salary so that it will not affect the SSA teachers.
“He is the longest serving Chief Minister in the state,” Marak said.
A doctor at the Guwahati Medical College Hospital (GMCH) in Guwahati has passed away today from COVID-1
After receiving a letter from the government today, confirming that an Expert Committee has been set up to review the policy, he decided to return home.
In the FIR, Sumitra Rabha demanded a thorough inquiry into the death of her daughter on the morning of June 16,
Besides such schools, there are also those who have learned through the newspapers and also through the campaign of the people above that the Class IX examination has been postponed to the 4th of November due to the theft of questions.
Paul Lyngdoh of the UDP won the West Shillong constituency, Ian Bothak K Sangma of the NPP won the constituency from Salmanpara. Wailadmiki Shylla of the NPP won the seat from Jowai and Sniawbhalang Dhar of the NPP won the seat from Nartiang.
Our body relies on the food we eat for such micronutrients.
We have just celebrated Christmas and Epiphany (Epiphany is the celebration and commemoration of the three wise men who went to Bethlehem to look for the baby Jesus.
The coaches include Pynskhem L Nonglait, Wilfred Kharmawlong and Noyontho Marak.
The amendment to the ECA (Amendment) Act 2020 aims to remove from the list of Essential Commodities such as rice, piat, other varieties of soybeans and rice, dairy products, food oils and oilseeds.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the government has proposed another road project to the Japanese government but they have not yet received a reply.
According to his family, Para Kelvinnistick Nonglamin was born on 20/05/1920 at Nonglamin (deceased) village under Nongtalang village and is now 102 years old.
Thus, in the 143 years since 1920 AD, there has been only one war.
Meghalaya bowler Rajesh Bishnoi took 2/25 wickets in 1.2 overs while Charak took 1/19 wickets in 2 overs.
He also visited the beneficiaries of the Prime Minister's Ujjawala Scheme (PMUY) in Nongmensong, Shillong.
He said that the cultivation of this variety of tit is not a difficult task and if there are any residents who want to start cultivating tit, they can contact him but they need to. to be trained and it will take only about 10 days to learn how to make skum kba for planting and what tools they have to use.
Mansturdy said that the KHADC revenue collection only happened in his constituency of Ranikor and Borsora but he did not talk about other constituencies like Majai and Borsora. away.
Shillong: Nongdawah, the strongest team in the MGFL and who have won the tournament three times, are now ready to play their first match against Iaiminot at 3pm. At Mawryngkneng Stadium and Nongdawah, Mission will play against Dibin Nongspung, Fulmoon Mukhim, Stephan Pale and others. At 1pm, Mission will play against Thrangjingshai. 11am: Second Division match against Sohlngei.
Meghalaya, which won the toss, failed to tied first and scored 87 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 20 overs, before Sikkim lost all wickets for 37 runs in 18.1 overs. Momin took 4 wickets for 1 run in 2.1 overs.
The Mylliem Hima has been occupied by Harijan Punjabis for more than 1000 years.
Shillong, July 06 : The Shillong City Congress Committee (BCC) on Monday discussed the shortage of youth and the traffic jam which has affected the city.
We should always use the machines and if we can put them at the collection gates, it will be the same if we put them at the search gates,” said Pala.
You who are not school teachers and who are not preachers in churches, also be diligent readers so that your minds will not become dull.
Nangbah Mulang and Moosalyngkat won the Super Division Football and First Division Football tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday.
He said that the allocation for all the activities of the youth is T.2,853 crore.
Regarding the passing away of Ajay, I had the opportunity to talk to one of my former teammates, Bah Agustine Kharkongor, who expressed his condolences on the passing away of Ajay, who was a player who Bah August was senior to those who participated in the Blue Max.
The Nongthep Sundar, Kait, Kwai etc have suffered from the arrival of wild animals.
Among the leaders who attended were US President Joe Biden, United Kingdom Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, Argentine President Alberto Fernandez, Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula Da. Silva, Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, Indonesian President Joko Widodo, Chinese Prime Minister Li Qiang, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Egyptian President Abdel Fattah El-Sisi, South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol, South African President Cyril Ramaphosa, United Nations Secretary-General António Guterres.
In Bengal, there are about 10,000 acres of land.
Nongpoh, Naitung 20: With the desire to encourage the students of the Jirang Constituency to pursue higher education and also to express their happiness over the successful passing of the SSLC examination, the MLA of Jirang Constituency, after Recently, he honored the students from Jirang Constituency and on Saturday, he honored the students from Byrnihat Constituency.
The article expressed its surprise at the allegation that Bengalis in the state are Bangladeshis.
He said that the EC has taken back about ₹10 crore from the Special Assistance Scheme which should have been returned, but the EC led by Thombor has not been able to return the money. land and contracts are also not funded.
He said that as a Christian he understands that it is only through political involvement that a person can achieve the rights of the people and that has led him to take the step to enter the country. you are the world.
The match will start at 9 pm and the MCA invites all those who wish to come and watch the final.
After this, the office bearers of the CEC and EJNC-Khliehriat circle include Allmiki Ryngkhlem Vice-President EJNC-CEC, Mehi Rymbai Asst General Secretary EJNC-CEC, Hebormi Shylla Publicity Secretary EJNC-CEC, Fin Niniwan Secretary EJNC-CEC -CEC, Training Phawa Sport Secretary EJNC-CEC. The office bearers of EJNC-Khliehriat Circle are President Eviden Triang, Vice-President Eborlang Rymbai, General Secretary Shanborlang Bamon, Assistant Secretary Redify Bareh, Publicity Secretary Teibor Bhoi, Organizing Secretary Education Secretary Lionel Dkhar, Sports Secretary Rilang Sympli, Finance Secretary Boime Nongtdu, Discipline Secretary Damewanki Dkhar, Art & Culture Secretary Seilestin Dkhar, Office Secretary Jeery Nongtdu and four members of the Executive Committee.
Hernes Papeng Headmaster Thadmuthlong Pasyih UP School Principal and Twinson Rymbui Head Teacher Nongtalang Mission LP School.
After the group of ministers visited the office, the Syiem Khynnah together with the ministers in the office held an emergency meeting with the ministers to discuss the issue. It was decided to temporarily suspend the construction of the shop until an agreement is reached in the Dorbar.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that there are many things that need to be fixed because as it is now, when paying bills, you have to stand in line together.
"I request you to please help her, as much as possible, so that she can get stronger soon," concluded Rahul Gandhi's letter.
Nangkiew Irat are still in ninth position with Nongthymmai with three points.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest, Bah RG Momin, praised the efforts and hard work of the teachers, who are like the rishot of the society, the teachers are the pioneers for the future. the future of children and the future of the country and the nation.
England, which qualified for the tournament and finished fourth, will receive a cash prize of $350,000 (T.2.9 crore).
He said that such places will promote tourism in Ri-Bhoi District and appealed to the people who visit these places to take care of the environment, to be clean and not to make enemies or pollute it because there is spirit of the river in that place.
At the time of cleansing, you shall do shiliang, and when you have finished cleansing, you shall do shiliang.
One of the coal traders, Basterwel Bareh, said that since July this year, the company has not taken any more goods from the villagers.
Therefore, those who believe in Him, if they celebrate this Great Christmas Day, should follow the example of mercy and give their souls freely to God and give mercy and freely to others. fellow human beings according to their ability.
According to Bosewell, he was elected as Rangbah Shnong on 26/5/2018, and while he was Rangbah Shnong, the Longkmie Seng sent a request to him. women to take part in the dorbar shnong.
The complainants said that they have received King mum too. This is the reason why these complainants help the minder.
This was announced by the Minister in charge of Sports, Kiren Rijiju.
He said that even the officials of ICAR Umïam including Dr VL Verma Director, Dr M Bilashini Devi who is a scientist, Dr Vanlalruati and Dr HD Talang, came to hold the event. training on how to cultivate various types of plants such as flowers, skud and other plants.
The Minister announced that under the International UDAN, two routes Agartala-Chittagong-Agartala and Imphal-Mandalay-Imphal will be operational to expand air connectivity in the North Eastern States from the national level. only International.
The funeral service and funeral service will be held on the 25th July 2020 at 10 pm and after that it will be buried at the Lum Jyntep of the Diwon Presbyterian Church.
The office also informed that it will place a copy of the draft photo electoral rolls at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat, to the booth level officers appointed at various places and at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat. office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (C), Ranikor during office hours.
Furthermore, Bah Nongsiej urged the farmers not only to drive away other types of crops but to revive the Krai farming so that it will encourage other farmers in the country. state.
Great thinkers like Sohblei Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh who became a sangot who encouraged the increase of children, which will lead to the increase of the population of the Hynniewtrep people.
The party said that Rule 25 of the Bill refers to the subject of “Educational qualification of a person who wishes to contest election for the post of Rangbah Shnong”.
“The decision we have taken to ban the internet is that if such things happen, it will have a negative impact and it could turn into an issue of ethnic discrimination.
Please write to Sniawbhalang.
Labiang is Balai and Banker passed the subject without getting a position.
The body of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala will arrive at Guwahati Airport on Sunday, March 20, 2019 at 2:45 pm.
These are the Ministry of Agriculture, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Information and Public Relations and the Ministry of Law.
“We suspect her boyfriend, Vishal Singh Chauhan, whom she used to tag on Instagram and they used to post pictures of them together,” said a friend of hers.
Fruits are a kind of healthy food for our human body because they contain different vitamins in different kinds of fruits, there are many kinds of fruits that we know by name and those we don't know , where we named them,like wild mushrooms.
We are against this to put it in Lumjingshai, but the government should look for another place and this is because we don't want to lose the beauty of this place,” he said.
However, they were shocked when the NPP won 18 constituencies in Garo Hills.
The Indian Women's League (IWL) has started with good news, with Gokulam Kerala FC qualifying for the AFC Women's Club Championship 2023, after the AIFF asked them to participate in the AFC Women's Club Championship The AFC has decided to accept the club to take part in the tournament as they are the champions of the Indian Women's League (IWL) this season (2022-23).
Therefore, their mistake of selling their votes before the elections is as if they have committed for five years.
The Waikhyrwi Social and Cultural Sports Club (WSCSC) has announced that it will hold the Waikhyrwi Festival in December this year at Dkhiah West.
According to these leaders, the reason for the inspection of this road is because the residents have been facing difficulties in coming and going due to the deterioration of the road especially during the rainy season. It is difficult to pass not only vehicles and motorcycles but also to avoid people from the road.
Confirming this, SMEA Secretary S Pyngrope said that the court has accepted their petition and will issue a decision next month.
“This traditional health center will provide services not only for those who come to get medicine but will also have accommodation for patients who have to be treated like other hospitals,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar, 27: The Dorbar Shnong Lumshyiap on Saturday received a garbage truck from Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah Constituency. Lush Taxi Stand.
“The time will come to take strong action against those involved,” Swamy tweeted.
Nongpoh: Umiam Police Station together with the Umiam Fire & Emergency Service and the State Rescue Team, today searched for the body of a driver of a vehicle, Bah R. Khawmawphlang and the driver of a local taxi number, ML-05-7753, when they found that the vehicle had parked between the Umiam Bridge.
However, what is more surprising is that they do not allow the MLAs elected by the people and if the MLAs cannot pass, it means that this government is in power.
The District Sports Officer (DSO) of South West Khasi Hills District (SWKHD), Mawkyrwat will hold the Sub-Junior Football Tournament 2023 for the Sub-Junior ( Male under 14 years) and Juniors (Male and Female under 17 years) from July 13, 2023.
Finally, I would like to urge you, In your prayers, remember and bless us, Give us the strength to heal the country.
Members include Zenith Sangma of AITC, HM Shangpliang of BJP, Augustine Marak of GNC, Methodius Dkhar of HSPDP, Ronnie V Lyngdoh of INC, Pyndapborthiaw Saibon of KHNAM and Dr WR Kharlukhi. The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya will be a member of the committee while the Commissioner and Secretary of Personnel & AR (B) Department will be a member of the committee. secretary.
Promila Das (97), resident of Laban, Shillong, died at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong, Ellias Lyngwa (69), of Nongrim Hills, died at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong, Stim Khriam (63). ), of Nongpathaw, Nongshilliang, passed away at Dr HG Roberts Hospital, Shillong.
At the same time, Bah Dkhar alleged that there were also government employees and businessmen who received MDC schemes to improve their rice fields in Raliang constituency led by N. Lamare.
He said the government will punish those involved in illegal activities even if they are government employees and will not forgive.
“The people and politicians have never experienced such situations in the country due to the poor and anti-people implementation practices of the central government.
In November last year, he took part in the Mass State Sports Talent Identification Program 2022 under the STAR Program Phase-1, organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, in collaboration with the He was selected for 10 years of training in sports.
The railway between Dudhnai and Mendipathar is 22.832 kilometers long.
These include EGH: 04, EJH: 42, EKH: 121, NGH: 16, RBD: 78, SGH: 08, SWGH: 03, SWKH: 51, WGH: 112, WJH: 91 and WKH:
For the year 2021-22, the District Council will soon release Rs 1.5 crore for the construction of a tourist attraction at Wah U Tim.
Mamata knew that there would be thousands of people at the wedding, but she put on plastic slippers and went into the wedding room.
He said that even when Hamdon Lamare was contesting for MLA election from the 3rd Raliang Constituency of Raliang Dolloiship, there was a sound of his election song that the name of the constituency was clearly wrong. the land of the children of Ri Pnar.
“However, I think their objection is that if this company comes, the employees in charge of these 56 substations will lose their jobs, but here I want to clarify that all the employees will fall under this Basil and they will work as usual," he added.
The purpose of the ban is to prevent the smuggling of stolen money and to prevent corrupt people from smuggling stolen money into their homes.
Thus, the score continued even in the second half of the match.
The court, headed by Justice Michael Zothankhum and Justice Nelson Sailo, issued its verdict on Tuesday and made it clear that even those who have already been injected, still receive the vaccine. corona virus and can spread to others.
Phrangki Buam left Shillong today to start his new career with FC Goa, which has signed him for three years.
“The following are my views on the NEP2020 as mentioned above: Have we implemented clause 27.1? No.
On the part of the Sordar of Pyndengrei, Bah M.Marwein, he laid the ribbon to hand over the house to Lucy Sohshang. the Sport Club and others.
The court expects the national highway from Jowai to Ratacherra to be completed next month and said that the employees of the area have informed the NHAI authorities that The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has also sent reports on the condition of the NH-6.
Itanagar: An earthquake which struck at 1.45 am today in parts of West Siang, Arunachal Pradesh, has damaged several houses and caused landslides and blocked roads. and all the land of Darak.
The body was taken to the morgue at NEIGRIMs Hospital for post mortem.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has asked the government what it has done to the CEM of KHADC. The law was passed by the House of Representatives in November last year.
During this month, domestic payments (including the purchase of foreign services) were 18% higher than the same month last year.
He explained the grounds on which the party stands to bring about a change in the rule of law in the state, to eradicate corruption, he also spoke about the political situation in Jaintia Hills and said He said that politics in Jaintia Hills is different from other places, because there is violence, violence and violence. The VPP party itself condemns such politics, he said, adding that it is necessary to know how to elect leaders.
At the same time, it also provides assistance as much as possible such as seeds, modern farming equipment and other assistance to those youths who have completed their training so that they can start their own businesses. the aim is to improve the income of the workers and the state.
He urged the students to value their time by being willing to complete various activities in their studies, sports, helping with household chores and other areas.
“I want to clarify that in the House the Ministers cannot speak nonsense but they have to speak only on the issue that belongs to them.
When asked whether the new school can be built within that date, Pastor Bareh said, “There are empty rooms which are being built. the three newly built rooms adjacent to the school.
The residents and leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Club have shouted in the streets to condemn the government for its inability to remove the garbage from Iawmusiang as well as from the premises of various Dorbar Shnongs. in the village of Jowai.
Leaders of the KSU and FKJGP including DS War and President KSU Jaintia Hills Unit said, “We are not against the price of new vehicles. understanding, so that it does not affect the public riding commercial vehicles.
Feel like standing on the battlefield, We stand and throw when we feel punished, To save precious souls, As God above has empowered us.
Papon Khatriya, has lodged a complaint that on the 25th of this month, at 1 pm, robbers stole his scooty (ML-05Q-8747) from Nongrimbah, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
“Ka Sengbah is deeply saddened by the burning down of a church in Baniun on 5th November.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has found that the Sohkha Government Higher Secondary School (SGHSS) has not had a chemistry teacher for eight months.
In a video that has been circulating on social media, Mamata Banerjee has no knowledge of the names of the ethnic groups in the state and their voting is unfounded.
Then the shyieng should be washed in water, those that have fallen should be thrown away and only those that have fallen inside should be taken and left in a place where there is no sun.
Powergym won the first prize, Augustus Gym Club Madanrting came second and Hynniewtrep Sports and Cultural Club came third.
According to the President of MAWU, Kong Merijune Myrsing, the Minister has sent two hours for the government to submit a written statement on the issues discussed at the meeting.
When asked, Bah Paul said, “There are always teachings that have to be followed in life and if you take them in a self-righteous manner or you should understand the fact that this Cabinet has those who are well skilled and educated in addition to the 3Es – experienced, education and ethics – when you combine these three things there will be no mistake.
The visit started from Umsiang and was accompanied by NPP Ri-Bhoi leaders including Clement Mawlong, NPP Mawhati Block President, Shemphang Lyngdoh. On the other hand, the village leaders who had the opportunity to speak to Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh expressed their gratitude that only Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh has joined the party. The first candidate to meet with the people of this area to listen to their problems, especially as the people are very eager to get a proper road and other problems raised before the. They also promised to support the NPP with the confidence that their goal will come true.
When inquired, the Rangbah Shnong said that he did not recognize all the robbers, but only Bah Goldonstar Khongwar, the Rangbah Shnong who came with him. and these 30 people.
Monarch said it is time for the people of the state not to elect leaders who go to Delhi to seek schemes but who go to Delhi with the aim of getting many benefits to implement their demands. have been slow.
They have been charged under the NDPS Act.
So they began to have children.
"He said this when asked about the unveiling of a 10-piece statue of the freedom fighter of the Hynniewtrep people in Dhaka, even after the government's announcement for the construction of the statue. he was the son of King Tirot Singh.
Shillong: The protest by the people to evict the khar mator from Them Iew Mawlong has completed five years today.
NDTV reported that China has set up a village on the border of Arunachal Pradesh.
“We have decided to hold a rally against the VC and request everyone to join hands on the 12th at 3 pm in front of the NEHU Library. “It's a sign of protest against him,” said the President and urged the MCTA, NEHUSU and NEHUNSA to join hands on that day.
“I have met and held many meetings to inform and remind the government authorities about the needs of the people and also to the DM&HO of South West Khasi Hills District with hard work. also from the leaders of Ngunraw village,” said Pius Marweiñ.
The root cause of our lack of understanding is that we have not been able to see far since we got a full state.
On the other hand, seven bowlers took wickets including Kambesa A Sangma who took the best wicket for 2/1
NEHU does not need any assistance from the BSF or the army,” KSU-NEHU President Samuel Kharshandi told reporters after a meeting with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU today.
In this fight, Philip defeated Aibor Warbah, said a statement from R Kharumnuid, Member of the Executive Committee.
Baranwal, IAS, said that the office of the Deputy Commissioner in collaboration with the Social Welfare Department has made good progress in the search for special persons with disabilities. He said that the survey will be conducted by trained community based rehabilitation workers. ) and Multipurpose Rehabilitation Workers (MRWs) led by the office of the District Social Welfare Officer and so far have completed 122 villages and found 872 people with disabilities. them and now the investigation is ongoing.
And he prayed earnestly that it might not rain: and the heaven gave rain, and the earth brought forth her fruit" James 5:17-1
They don't have to pass training to build or to build.
Besides, it may be that the money received has not been implemented but has been deposited in the bank accounts of some government departments.
The Lord gave us the children of Hynniewtrep and Hynniewskum about 200 years before Christ.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Block Integrated Development Complex, near Jirang Block. achieved savings of Rs 2.77 crore.
At the same time, Bah Ransom said that at this time when the people are preparing for Christmas, the political issue should be put first and to enrich the celebration.
Ramesh Singh said that another team of them will soon continue the work from Athiabari and at the same time he congratulated the residents of the villages in the area. the road that they have provided in collaboration with the company.
Also, as shown in a video, the employees of Dalmia Cement Ltd have celebrated puja with the intention of burning the tyngshop of Rabon. They used petrol and when they poured petrol on the tyngshop, the petrol klong caught fire and burnt and thus the fire spread to two persons until they were seriously injured in the sudden fire. in their bodies.
Wh.
The tournament is the annual tournament of the BCCI and the NECDC also plans to hold tournaments for women in the senior team as well as in various categories.
because Kim understands what pnar is.
In the badminton tournament, 8 teams participated in the singles and 4 teams in the doubles.
Besides, the VC also urged the striking college teachers to talk openly to resolve any issues and invited the MCTA to come for talks in order to take a unanimous decision.
The Chairperson of the Lokayukta has directed the Director of Prosecution to send the case to the Public Prosecutor of West Garo Hills, Tura for hearing in the Special Court. Garo Hills, Tura.
In the match played at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday, Lumiawmuchai Shangpung took the lead in the first five minutes of the match.
Shillong, Lber 19 : The Dorbar Shnong Mawïong Rim on 18th October 2023 has honored Welkin Stone Shadap who has brought fame and glory to the village, the family and the state as a whole. .
“She said that Trinity International has tried to clean up the Lunar River at a length of 11.30 kilometers and about 2.00 kilometers from the southern parts of the river.
R.Marwein, Rangbah Shnong of Lawbah, announced to the participants, by emphasizing the importance of this programme.
When asked why he has lodged a complaint, Bah Granarysterfield Thangkhiew said, “We have always given the government the opportunity to do something but it has not done anything. step," he said.
On the 9th, there was a traditional song competition, a test of the quality of synrai, a Fancy Dress competition, ah Synrai competition and others.
Regarding the strike, they said that they have also sought the state government to help them to force the MCCL to pay their salaries since June. As of April, there were up to 500 employees who have not received their salaries at all, including up to three months of salary from 2015 to
He said that this is the time of Christmas celebration for Christians, so they don't want to hold a protest, even they would feel if they hold a protest during their puja, and this can lead to more feelings. different religion, which as an organization they do not want to be.
The State Environmental Impact Assessment Authority (SEIAA), Meghalaya, in its reply to the HITO on Tuesday, has clarified that it has not yet issued the Environmental Clearance. (EC) to Meghalaya Cements Limited, a factory producing Topcem cement, in East Jaintia Hills.
“The challenges in the last five years have been difficult but the government has been empowered to face these challenges.
For more than 150 years, the Department of Posts (DoP) has been the backbone of the country's communications infrastructure and has played an important role in the social and economic development of the country.
Just because God wants to show Himself that He is the Almighty, the ruler of heaven and earth, He will make man a sacrifice to witness for His glory, to feel ashamed, and to feel like God is unjust.
The total number of cases in the state has reached 84707 out of which 83092 have recovered and 1477 have died.
The strike by Bindas Syiem at the Additional Secretariat Parking Lot has been going on for four days and has reached more than 92 hours.
While police and army were on duty, they saw more and more Bangladeshis in the forest near the unfenced area at Pyrtakuna village, East Jaintia Hills District. Police and soldiers have fled to the border areas of Bangladesh.
The flight will leave Shillong for Dibrugarh on Friday and Saturday at 10.20 pm and arrive in Dibrugarh at 11.35 pm.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Trade Department of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has earned T.1,69,03,111 tyngka per annum from the fees for foreign trade licenses. .
(2) Khasi language :When you leave the district (civil) or your area, you should speak Khasi (Sohra) to your fellow Khasi, you should not speak Khasi. Mother's tongue.
“We had hoped that Wanboklang would return home because his brother used to say that he would return home but we don't know when or on what day,” she said.
Speaking to the people at the meeting, Ardent said, “You cannot appoint me as CEM, it is only in the District Council”.
Those who have lived in darkness and suffered in many aspects of society.
“I feel that it is the duty of the government officials whether it is on the part of the Prime Minister or the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to make public the reports of the Committees on the border. “This is not good because many of the residents are in shock,” she told reporters.
Nongstoiñ, July 23: Members of the Regional Committee on Brotherhood Dispute have delayed to inspect the land and villages in Langpih sector before the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Assam to hold talks to resolve the exact boundary has shocked and confused the people of the area.
The implementation of President Rule in Manipur is essential to bring peace and stability in the bloody state.
The GMC has also stipulated that the beauty parlors should be visible from the outside and that there should be no room set aside for the bodybuilders. I don't want to shniuh.
These leaders of the group of alumni of St. Michael's Higher Secondary School, Umsning include the elected President, Staining S. Nongbri, General Secretary, Donkupar JB Wriang, Asst. Mariana Dkhar and Cornelia Mawthoh were also elected as advisors.
The incident came to light after a complaint was lodged by the relatives of the deceased child, Kitdorlang Marbaniang, 10, from the village. Umtangar on 19.02.2024, after his body was found on 18.02.2024 at about 7 pm from the house of Bah Comand Nongrang in Umtangar after he had gone missing since .
Police in East Jaintia Hills on Tuesday seized nearly 100 kilograms of Ganja from two persons from Tripura.
He said that in this constitution of the Kur Mawsor, it also mentions the respect for income, the respect for education.
Regè-Jean Page and Morgan Freeman will co-produce an eight-part series on Muhammad Ali for Peacock. the horror of Muhammad Ali.
Teacher, Tome Memorial Sec. School, Jowai.
He said the association will give its full cooperation to the state government and even the district council for this purpose,” said Bah Nongkhlaw.
Police of Lumdiengjri Police Station have received a complaint, conducted a thorough investigation and on 1st June they have identified the killers of Bah Omega. Three persons were arrested and the next day another person was arrested, making a total of four persons.
To look at the traffic jam, it is impossible to know where the traffic jam started especially from Barik to Dhanketi and Laitumkhrah where the vehicles have stopped at these times.
Adelbert said the MDA government has been too slow on the Assam border issue.
The arrested were identified as Batjingshai Lyngdoh, 18, Sylvester Khongji, 22 and Lambok Dohling,
He said that, as it seems, this protest, there is also politics, in which even if the DC calls for talks, the drivers do not want to take part.
He was due for a promotion, but he was never given the chance.
“Now, the NPP is also part of the NDA government, so what decision was taken in the last election when they announced both the seats, but now we don't know whether they can do it or not. not to do," he added.
Therefore, the BJYM strongly condemns these incidents and the government should strengthen the security forces to protect women in the state and also to punish these robbers and people who have hand in this work.
“There shall be no offering or cleansing of clean water in these places of worship,” the order said.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday denied that the quality of education in the state has declined, although the state has scored only 649 points out of 1000 points in the examination. related to education in all the states of the country.
“He said that wherever they go, they explain that the money they give belongs to us the people, not to be deceived.
Prabhakar said that if Narendra Modi is re-elected in 2024, what happened in Ladakh and Manipur would happen again across India.
This is the stieh,” said Prestone.
Gogoi was sworn in by President Ram Nath Kovind.
The program was organized by the Pisci-Agro and Eco-Tourism Association (PAETA) of the village and about 50 farmers selected by the association, took part.
However, since previous years, there have been demands to build a Meghalaya House in Bangalore due to the large number of people from the state who study and work in Karnataka as well as those who come and go to the state.
They are also the ones who will run the party.
Although there is no exact census or survey to know how many poor households there are in the state, the outbreak of COVID-19 has affected the poor across the state.
"It's Hep," agreed the brother.
The vehicle was coming from Jiribam Manipur and was heading to Guwahati.
We should not be surprised that the MP election is not far away.
Other patients who are being treated at Civil Hospital Jowai, doctors said they have to be sent to NEIGHRIMS Hospital Shillong for further treatment.
For RUFC, Knerktilang Buam struck from distance in the 15th minute before Raikutshisha Buam shot the ball to Wanteilang Malngiang.
Adokgre is the village where (L) Purno Sangma has been campaigning since he entered politics in the past years. , which means the Village of Victory.
The Nagaland government has directed all Deputy Commissioners and other government officials to remain in their respective areas until further notice.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The residents of Maw Kisyiem village who sought information through RTI on the implementation of the Cherrapunjee Ecological Project in Shillong have not been satisfied with the reply they received from the Cherrapunjee Ecological Project. this department.
The union also reminded the VC that NEHU was established under the Act of the Government of India, with the purpose of helping the people of the North East to get education in in the field of comprehensive education and research and also to provide special assistance to these citizens in the field of social, income and welfare of the people of the North East.
New Delhi, October 4: Two BJP MPs today entered the Lok Sabha with colors on their heads and turned to their seats.
The meeting was also attended by Kong Stariang, Vice President, MBS&G-West Jaintia Hills as the chief guest and Ma DE Pariat, Principal Lissi Pearl Secondary School Mukhla as the chief guest. Rosie Bang, DOC (G) and Carefully Gassah, DOC (S) were the chief guests.
However, it is said that this man is mentally ill and what is more surprising is why this man did not intend to injure or touch the men, while he tried to attack and injure only the women.
According to the information received from the candidates, there are currently three posts of Gram Sevika, one in Laitkroh Block Development Office and one in Pynursla Block Development Office.
Newhill was also awarded the cleanest award in the village.
The days passed and after six months Kongthei Daplin heard the news and was filled with great sorrow.
The HYC has alleged that the Congress-led PDF is a group that has allowed foreigners by violating these two rules.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sanbor said that Laban is an example of respect for religious beliefs because in the Puja, Hindus, Christians and Muslims celebrate together. Muslims, Christians and Hindus celebrate together and the Christian Christmas celebration is also attended by Hindus and Muslims.
The letter was sent by the President of Egypt on 17 June.
The employees of the bank, especially the Cashier, said that the MCAB Mawsynram Branch has reached more than 70,000 bank customers from Tyrsad to Ranikor C&RD Block. Job Card Holders who have been employed through MGNREGA in different VECs of Mawsynram C&RD Block.
These days it is more common to see candidates standing for election without money.
The accident happened while the dumper was driving the vehicles while the road was being repaired and the dumper while driving in back gear collided with the driver. and he died until he died.
The refusal to cooperate with the Government is to condemn the killing of five innocent souls in Mukroh village (Block-1) West Jaintia Hills District District by the Assam Police. .
After being elected by the Public Enterprise Selection Board (PESB) in 1998, he became Director of Production at Bongaigaon Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited. in the year
Therefore, when we looked for information across the state, how many percent of the students fall under the Seventh Schedule, we found that only three percent of those who passed, which means almost all of them fall into the Seventh Schedule.
Such politics will destroy and destroy, so we must not allow it to overwhelm us.
She said that as a Sub-Center in the village, she will continue to monitor the road to upgrade to a PHC, such as the road from Sunapur to Huroi, Border Hatt Market. to ensure that they can complete it so that the people of this village can be happy.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Saturday said that the allegations of the opposition against the same will not bring any benefit to the state.
He said that once he has completed all the necessary documents he will go to the PWD department and he will fight to complete the road within a year.
This mobile disease will be the first generation to suffer and will continue in our future generations if we don't control it with the ability to use it and not to use it.
From traffic jams and parking for hours, garbage cleaning, provision of public restrooms, public outlets and toilets, public transport to health, safety and security stand and so on.
However, these people have appealed to the Supreme Court and it has suspended the order issued by the High Court.
The Sengbah of Accountants has been held annually at this venue since
It is expected that when we elect leaders to make laws or direct our affairs, we do so with knowledge, understanding, and spiritual freedom.
The office bearers of the HYC-Jatap Unit include President Pyndapbor Shongwan, Vice President Teibor Diengdoh and Bankyrshan Nadon, General Secretary Pyndaplang Laitmon, Secretary Khrawkupar Laitmon and Bakordor Rapmai, Sports Secretary Starwell Phin and
About 250 men and women runners including residents and Defense Forces took part in the race.
People who corrupt the rights of others and those who are ungrateful should not be brought to justice.
The Seng has found that the management has found that the outdoor and recreation area of ​​the male and female athletes is very dirty and there is not even water.
The story of the match was that by the end of the first half, the two teams had scored 10 goals each, in which Marbisu SC scored the first goal. Anderson Nongdhar scored the first goal in the 50th minute.
Likewise, this song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi has a beautiful tone and appearance but when you read the lower verses you can see that there are words that insult the Khasi people. The author of this song's insult to our nation is an insult to our beloved nation.
We have just informed the people and we demand that an inquiry should be conducted into this,” said UDP Secretary Allantry F Dkhar in a statement.
Jecinta Kharkongor, 22 years old, has one daughter named Banrilaburom Kharkongor, 22 years old. not 3 of them.
The newly joined members are from Bangladesh, West Bengal and Assam.
SHILLONG: Four Dorbar Shnongs on the border with Block I have demanded the immediate establishment of a Police Outpost at Psiar or Mowluber and the upgradation of the Raliang Outpost to a Police Station to protect the Khasi people. Pnars living on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Modi later visited the patients at the hospital.
He said that when Bah EK Mawlong tried to resolve the border issue, he did not succeed like the present government.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The 48 hours of protest between the KSU and the Sengbhalang has come to an end and tomorrow, it will be able to announce its programmes.
All the ethnic parties are in the same family within the NDA including the BJP. It may be recalled that on Saturday, the Chief Minister of Nagaland came to Shillong to discuss the issue. UDP candidate Bah Paul Lyngdoh has been campaigning for the election. Rio has shown his support for Bah Paul. The BJP party may also issue an order to the BJP in the state to support him. old.
The Minister also announced that the Meghalaya Games will be held every year in the state and this time it will be held in Tura.
Jha has been ordered to appear before the CID for investigation till Thursday.
This song was composed by Elvest Thabah.
Some of them went to the DC office to get information on this because they didn't have their names but the DC office ordered them not to go to the ration distribution centers because they didn't have their names.
The Jaintia chiefs used to do this in their time and such heroes who won the battles of power used to have the opportunity to live in the chief's palaces, to be the assistants of the chief in the work of the king. jam and they also had a close relationship with the king.
Manthan Gupta, the bowler of Tura, scored 5/3
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) Thombor Shiwat and his Executive Committee members on Tuesday visited Mukroh village and confirmed that Assam has entered the state border.
, is one of the quarries which produces boulders, but with the emergence of groups who oppose the issuance of Environmental Clearance to the quarry, officials from the District authorities, led by the Balakyntiew Ranee ADC, Erik Dkhar, EAC, S.Syiem Engineer MSPCB, in the presence of Rangbah Shnong and the public were able to hold the Public Hearing without any incident. I was afraid, but I went away.
New Delhi: The Government of India has announced a complete ban on the use of plastic from Tuesday to mark the 150th birth anniversary of His Majesty the King. Mahatma Gandhi.
Here the article aims to show how to spend our time during the curfew:–.
Wanglet is a member of the Shillong Golf Club.
In the other match of the group, Kuwait beat Nepal 3-1
The PDF has prepared that after the passage of the Bill in the House, it will be sent immediately to the DCA and it has been learned that the DCA will also send it immediately to the Governor. The state will approve tomorrow.
In Mawsynram, although there was no election in the past, it has now been decided that Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang will contest.
Mrs Sri Lanka World National Director Chandimal Jayasinghe said the award would go back to De Silva.
The training was sponsored by the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society, Govt.
If you have believed you are of God.
The winners will be announced through the website of the Forest Department and a WhatsApp group will be set up for this purpose.
The BJP in Delhi has decided to intensify its protest against the Arvind Kejriwal government which has been accused of corruption resulting from the suspension of the liquor inspection by holding a the public preaching in the houses.
2nd Timothy 6:8-10.
Jowai, Naiwieng 10: Residents of San Shnong of Ooksi Pyllun including Priang, Umdeinlieng, Ooksi Kyanmynsar Thlongmoo, Ooksi Apkhla and Tongkait today attended the meeting of Nehimaya Tyngtong MLA Congress candidate. The 4th Mowkaiaw Constituency was held at Ooksi Kyanmynsar Square.
Meanwhile, the services to the patients at the hospital have been going smoothly as since the arrival of this woman, she has not been compared with other patients or pregnant women, said Dr. Pohrmen.
Banteilang Shylla scored four goals in the 56', 70', 72', 90'+3 minutes and Daunisakhiat Dkhar scored 8 goals.
The State Coal Owners, Miners and Dealers Forum (SCCCOMDF) is surprised at the allegation that they have taken advantage of the release of coal, which has already been seized by the SCCCOMDF. The Supreme Court has been suffering from other parties, while the SCCCOMDF has been suffering only for respect.
He said that tomorrow the BJP will release its agenda for Meghalaya and what the BJP says it does and what it does not do if it is for the benefit of the people it will do. do.
Dippu Sangma, who suffered a defeat in Uttarakhand in the past two days, has shown his strength today.
These were 342 males and 37 females.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, said that the strike on Tuesday will continue as scheduled.
The election of the new Dolloi in the two Elaka, Nartiang and Shangpung on Tuesday went smoothly with the turnout of 82.62 percent in Nartiang and 81.42 percent in Shangpung.
Shillong: The body of Bah Cherish will be buried on the 15th of July 2021, according to sources.
He is a man of courage, a man who lives according to the Thylliej Ksiar and the Jubanlak which once he has created will never be deceived or deceived again. thombor of your beloved country.
Kejriwal said he had forgiven his opponents who insulted him during the election campaign and said that this election is not a victory for him, but for one. I'm from Delhi.
Shillong, July 4: The Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) today announced the suspension of its MDC from Sohryngkham, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem for two years.
Houses have increased and the number of cars has increased.
Gambino, Genovese and Lucchese were also arrested.
The BJP said that this is the clothes, which he received from the stolen money, which was collected from the corruption in the Meghalaya government.
In the final, Barun Singh of Services defeated Yaiphaba Soibam of Manipur 5-0 in the 46-48kg category.
On this occasion, two sessions were discussed on Financial Service Providers and MSME Entrepreneurs.
She also reminded that we should be kind people, ready to help our neighbors when they need any help.
The BJP has said that after the BJP's protest, the EM of the Jaintia District Council, has revealed that the money of the Indian government, which was allocated to the people, but the Council has paid salaries. and this is worth up to T.20klur, the money that has been misused.
Police suspect that these groups may have been involved in the robbery of gold shops in Khyndailad, Jowai, Guwahati and other parts of the country.
In order to protect the environment in Meghalaya, the Supreme Court in its judgment on 3.7.2019, has ruled as follows: coal.
However, in an unexpected time, the time came when the language changed in the world, and animals did not understand how to talk to humans and especially how to talk to humans. Because the language has changed from one place to another, from one country to another, as it is now.
The government has said that the tournament is scheduled to be held in November, and that the tournament will continue to spend a lot of its time in relation to the traditional games of the country. state.
When asked whether he will remain with the UDP or contest from other parties, Bah Paul said that time will tell. to achieve victory.
Regarding the meeting with the DC, he said that the DC has promised to call the PIO to discuss and clarify the misunderstanding in the RTI reply, but regarding the presence of these petrol pumps, The RBSU leader said that the DC has urged them not to send a letter, so that the DC will reply with a letter and also to send a letter to them. Petrol pumps, which do not have proper permits, he added.
“The Minister has told us that this department has not received any funds for 10 years,” said Bah Malngiang.
Shillong: The MPUF together with the JSU Shangpung Unit, HNPF and KSU-SU, today at 11:45 pm, seized a tourist vehicle from a vehicle carrying u number ML 05 N 8824, carrying 5 foreigners from Nepal, who were intending to work in a coke factory and 2 of them, who claimed to have been tnga in Mynska, West Jaintia Hills.
At noon, the Kmai Raij held a meeting at Mynkoi Pyrdi (Iaw-iongpiah) to drop the Bhuri bombs, and went to Datlawakor as well as to all the religious places in Iawmusiang.
Sangma said he has not yet joined the BJP but will join the party soon and announced that he will contest the 2023 MLA election from the BJP. MLP of the 6th Battalion, Lumshyiap, won the silver medal in the All India Open Arm Wrestling Championship held at Jorhat, Assam.
“Look, don't play with me, I'll die...” Lydia said. After they had expressed their courage, the sound of the feeling that there was no one disappeared.
In Meghalaya, we have never fought between the Ruling Party and the Opposition because we talk about the story.
Shillong, March 27: Regarding the suspension of Dolloi, U John F Kharshiing, on 26th March 2016, has spoken by phone to Bah Thombor Shiwat, MDC, CEM, JHADC. He and the Executive Committee, JHADC, to find ways and means to take action to resolve this issue through mutual understanding so that there will be no impact on the Khadar rule, especially the religious customs in the Dolloi Elaka.
They defeated Aaron Chia and Soh Wooi Yika of Malaysia 21-17, 21-1
According to an English newspaper published on 1.9.23, the Nurses Association, which has signed the name of a foreigner who is struggling to get a permanent teaching post at the College of Nurses at NEIGRIHMS, It is difficult to complete the previous examinations conducted by this office.
“It is time for the State Legislative Assembly to pass a resolution against the CAA, just as we have passed a resolution to implement the ILP in the state,” he said. added.
He said that he accepts even if someone calls him at 3 or 4 pm because as a Minister who is a servant of the people and has been elected by the people, he should not just drive. He said that he is ready in any field to serve the people for the people but for now he needs only a short time to discuss this issue. The Committee has been set up to meet on the 3rd of July 2021 to discuss the matter.
“Righteousness exalts mankind,” says the Wise Man, “and “Peace among men of good will is good news of joy and happiness.
In the by-election in Umroi in 2008 after the death of Bah EK Mawlong of the UDP, the vote of condolence did not work as the victory was won by Bah Stanlywiss Rymbai of the Congress.
Speaking to reporters, SP (City) Vivek Syiem said the incident may have been caused by an electrical short circuit, but police will have to investigate to find out. truth.
Two trucks number ML04 C 0852 and ML11 2566 were carrying garbage after those who learned of the mass gathering at Sookilo when they reached Ladrymbai, turned away.
Shillong, June 19: The mid-term elections for the Tura Parliamentary constituency will be held on 16th June, in which 622,189 voters will elect the Speaker of Parliament.
He said that if the residents go to the east side of the road built by the Assam government, they have to pay money to the Assam police in Langpih otherwise they will not be able to cut down trees. to be used.
Shillong: The High Court of Meghalaya today heard a petition filed by Bah Latiplang Kharkongor against the Administrator Rule in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The High Court of Meghalaya has fixed the date for the hearing of the case on 12th October.
<In the men's doubles, Bhavya Chhabra-Param Choudhary and Divyam Arora-Mayank Rana will prepare for the second place in the men's category. .
From the Raij of the village, the children were born.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : The NPP Shillong City together with Bah Rocky Hek to encourage Riya Kharpran who has won the HSSLC Commerce results announced by the MBOSE on Friday morning. , immediately went to honor and handed over a gift of money to the young woman.
It was the first National Party to emerge quickly in the state.
I urge him to please cooperate with the Government.
Under the Constitution of India, the laws, human rights, duties of the people, governance, benefits, rights of citizens, rules, judiciary, social agreements and so on are defined. and at the same time it is one of the longest Constitutions in the world.
The Principal of the school, Fr Patrick Nongrang, welcomed the guests. The Principal of the school, Fr Patrick Nongrang, welcomed the guests. and hope that such a program will be held again in the coming days for the safety of the public and the students.
Comparing the Council to a ship in which he will be the captain, Bah Basaiawmoit said that as the Captain he steers the ship but it is up to the members to work together and not to destroy the ship. the ship shall not sink.
The Director of Tourism, Bah Cyril V Diengdoh, has issued an order to all the operators of tourist attractions to keep clean and ensure that there will be no littering, especially the plastic.
And his friends reviled him, because he could not speak.
Mobile No.9612951226/7005916201/9863089826/9436312305/8258834994/9856710161.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Joanes Lamare, congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Tyrso Nongkyllep, for the first time for taking this step to honor these youths, as part of encouraging them to continue and improve your higher education.
In these days, many villages in the rural areas, the implementation of the Jaal Jivan Mission (JJM) scheme to provide drinking water to the households, is going smoothly.
Have we lost hope? O beloved country, O country of peace: I pray to you before the Lord, Once the day of evil comes.
It is also true that after the death of the girl, the father of the girl, expressed his disbelief over the death of his daughter, that she committed suicide by drinking and hanging herself. phasi, because she is a brave person and she tells her parents everything when she is in trouble, which has also caused her family members to suspect that there may be something wrong with her. shalyndet.
Four buses or government vehicles should also be provided as before.
However, due to the brake not working properly, the vehicle did not stop and at that time a Maruti commercial coming from Nongstoiñ came near, so he turned the vehicle to the left and at that time it collided with a Maruti car. turn lyndang.
Those who wish to participate in the competition can call 9402586410/9
He was diagnosed with Covid-19 on Monday evening, but died on Tuesday while undergoing treatment.
Genesis 6:12.
Speaking to media on November 11, 2023, Prestone Tynsong said that the department will soon release advertisements for more than 3000 vacancies in the police department.
Also at the meeting held on 31.10.2022 at Mawiong Umjapung, the office bearers of the TMC Mawiong Unit were confirmed in the presence of the president and secretary.
“Many of the villages which have been transferred to Assam and there are also villages which have no dispute have been transferred to Assam. show that only I can fix it".
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has written to the Chief Executive Member of JHADC regarding their dispute with the JHADC and also with the order of the court.
The fact is that the PWD Engineer who should have been a paid/skilled supervisor to look after such important projects is himself a candidate of the NPP Government. “How can IIT Roorkee be built up and thrown responsibility on IIT Roorkee as a partner to don't be involved in evil.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah Banteidor said, “What can achieve this goal is a strong mind and cooperation and today we see the achievement of our dream. Bah Wanbor"
In the final match of the men's category, Sohiong Block Krang beat Little Kickers-B 1-0
Ma Siberius Lamurong, one of the NPP office bearers in Nartiang Constituency, has expressed his regret that the supporters are complaining about the MLA's scheme and many of them say that the MLA schemes have disappeared since
The main objective of this program is to provide electricity to every household in the country, said G.Nongkynrih DGM (E/M) NEEPCO & Nodal Officer.
The complaint was filed by Kingstone Bolwari Sangma against Sanjay A Sangma and others for the failure to complete the construction of the MDC hostel in Tura, which cost Rs 6,01,31,100.00 crore. amount.
However, even after the state government took over, in the years that followed, the problem of primary teachers has arisen again from the payment of salaries as usual.
He reminded that as the political parties in the North East as a whole, it is not only this time that they are against this bill, but since this bill is still only the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB), but The NDA government under the leadership of the BJP through Narendra Modi has not listened to those feelings and the voice of the opposition.
He said that most of the foreigners who live in these villages under the Shiphew Dorbar are long time residents but they will go to meet the CEM first on how the CEM will treat them. send this order to be implemented for full clarity.
The MLA elections to be held in 2023 to the Legislative Assembly of the State will be an election in which the people are still questioning whether the ethnic parties have the unity to fight against them. stronghold of political parties established in Meghalaya.
“For 50 years we have been dominated by foreign parties and for this reason many of our demands are not the same when we look at the ILP, border demarcation and other issues,” said Monarch. .
Another schoolgirl is suspected to have been killed in East Jaintia Hills District.
If there are many of them from Manipur, the government will have to find suitable places to accommodate them and not allow them to move around as they please.
Shillong, July 18 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today left for Delhi to seek financial assistance for the repair of the damage caused by the natural disasters. roads, bridges, houses, schools, farms especially the death of up to 27 people.
Therefore, the Church should appoint reliable persons not only from the Tymmen Basan but from the members of the Church in Mawkhar to know more about the findings of the investigation team.
Before 1990, the village was ruled by the Rangbah Shnong from 1914-15 and earlier this village was ruled by the Lyngdohs since the foundation of the village in
The Lord Jesus preferred to speak of His death and resurrection all the time (Mark 8:31; 9:31; 10:33–34). understand.
HK Thabah, Nodal Officer, RO 34-Mawshynrut (ST) Assembly Constituency, through a power point presentation, explained in detail various types of expenditure such as expenditure on vehicles, chairs, etc. broadcasting equipment and others for use by candidates in campaigns, rallies, meetings and so on.
The Seng is therefore pleased to demand the relocation of the garbage dump from this place as Mawlai is not a garbage dump for the city which is filled with garbage from all over the country along with factories and hospitals.
Shillong: Veterinary doctors who used to examine cows, goats and other animals on Friday night have fled the place where they used to examine cows, goats and other animals. Only healthy cows are allowed to import and export food to the state and the reason why these doctors have left the area is because of the pressure from the people. of Government Ministers and other officials from the Secretariat, who disrupted the work of doctors, at the gate, which is located near the covid checkpoint of the state government.
The death toll in the United States has risen by 2,751 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 800,000 and the death toll to 44,8
These three houses were inaugurated by the BDO of Sohiong Community and Rural Development Block Dr. CJK Warjri on Tuesday in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Kynton Mynnar. Bah Highborn Kharbuki, Village Authority and residents.
The Mining and Geology Department of the State Government has informed the Committee that it has already sent a report to the State Government regarding the preparation of the Central Mine Plan Design Institute. (CMPDI) and the government is considering the matter.
Anything that earns money from the government, is not good.
There have been incidents in recent days related to election violence in Phulbari constituency in West Garo Hills district and in West Shillong constituency in Shillong.
Through this news, the leading leaders of Sohphoh Village have requested the leaders of the area from the MLA and MDC if there is an opportunity, to help the villagers at this time. The people are facing serious difficulties in many areas due to the curfew in the fight against COVID-1
“The resurrection of Israel is a blessing to the world.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that 1595 people have been tested positive and 1433 are negative while 150 results have not yet been released.
However, the Special Judge (POCSO) Nongstoiñ, found Beldingstar Khardewsaw guilty of violating Section 11(i) of the POCSO Act, to be punished under Section 12 of the POCSO Act.
Police officers such as Range IGs, DIGs, Commandant of State Armed Forces, SSps, SPs, Add SPs, Subdivision Heads of Police, SHOs, Inspectors, Sub Inspectors and others of equal rank should have responsibility. for patrolling during elections in the districts.
“The market is the food plate of the rich and the poor, the Syiem should remember that, but what is happening now is that foreign traders have come here, our Khasi have to live here. In the past few months we have seen that the Hima Mylliem has turned the shops of Khasi into other ethnic groups, now the Hima Mylliem should turn the shops of foreigners into “We empower the Hima Mylliem to restore the appearance of the market which our ancestors have built,” said Bah HS Shylla while speaking at the Dorbar at Madan Polo.
Pyndap Bareh scored the first goal for Rynbai Wahshnong in the 42nd minute, but Sandy Kassar won the equalizer in the 54th minute.
Nongpoh: The construction of the T.84 crore road from Baridua to Umsen by the state government has been a great blessing to the people living in the border villages in the area. However, while many foreigners see that this road has benefited the people, but the residents of this area, said that this road has benefited a lot to those officials from Guwahati, who are They also owned all the mines in the area, from Baridua, Killing to Umtyrnga.
Dr Kharlukhi added, “It's your job to know, I can't know more than I know.
A Maruti Wagon R was also seized from them without proper license plate.
Addressing this problem requires the involvement of government authorities, civil society groups and citizens.
If from childhood in schools and colleges, students are taught to know and understand clearly how to protect all rights, how about the rank of MCS, IAS, who? They are experts of democracy and administration but they don't understand and misuse power and exploit by violating the rights of the citizens of our country.
On the other hand, the President, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, said that the remaining salary is from the fourth month of 2020, while since 2013 onwards, the employees have received only financial assistance from the government. .
“If the law, which has been violated by the legislators, has not been done, then other groups, such as various parties, will follow suit,” said the party.
However, what is thought is that besides considering ourselves as a fortunate heritage, we must also be a heritage of mankind that must take responsibility for itself to give an answer that will meet the wishes of the inheritance of mankind shall not be our inheritance.
Rymbai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Khliehriat Higher Secondary School and KB Memorial Secondary School have won the District Level Inter-School Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament organized by the District Sports Officer, East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that they have to walk many kilometers from Umkiang to Sonapur, while the Lumshnong Police have to walk from Lumshnong to Sonapur to release the vehicles stuck in the traffic jam.
Besides the money, the Government should renew the Management and all the posts related to manufacturing and production.
The District Council and the State Government are different even if they are the same party because there is no law to appoint MDCs in the District Council. that the law is right".
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) on Tuesday turned to the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima with the intention of blocking the road. The Hima Mylliem Office has forced the Garo to become the guardians of the Khadar administration in the villages that have been invaded by the Garo under the Raid Marwet. , Ribhoi District.
“We will celebrate the 70th Independence Day of India on this occasion and we have arranged to honor these heroes of the nation,” said the President of the BJP Meghalaya.
The program was attended by various schools in the area including Wahnongkseh Upper Primary School, Laitnongkseh Upper Primary School and Mawkahiar Secondary School. nearby villages.
Let us examine what has happened in the past 46-50 years.
He also gave his blessings to the entire family that they will receive many blessings in the body and soul and that they will have a healthy body in the future with the blessings and care of God. Creator.
At the time of their Exodus from Egypt and even after their arrival in Canaan, the society of the slave class was fragile and took centuries to become established.
Their victory has helped nearly 10 crore women to become Lakhpati Didi.
Nongpoh: A coal truck (AS-01-BC-9684) has overturned while standing on the Weigh Bridge at Shangbangla. No injuries were reported, as no one was found at the time of the overturning.
“Now the Labor department has confirmed that it will search for those children who have been illegally employed and will complete this within three months,” said the NCPCR member. NEHU, IIM-Shillong, Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU), Labor Department and civil society organizations.
At the same time, the BJP leader welcomed the decision taken by the Government and the HNLC to hold peace talks.
Latyrke have qualified for the semifinals of the Super Division Football Tournament after a 1-1 draw against the JSU. In the first leg of the Super Division, Latyrke FC won the first leg of the match through Valaldown Hmar (1000-0000) by Valaldown Hmar. 49′).
They serve as an opportunity to treat passengers separately.
There have been 128 cases of Covid-19 and 2 deaths in Delhi today.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The state government is expecting to receive the confirmation of the medical allocation from the central government next month.
It would only be a waste of time.
The HYC as a responsible organization for the country and the Hynniewtrep people from time to time has fought tirelessly to demand, to liberate, and to encourage even the leaders of the people to The Hynniewtrep people are now in the midst of a dangerous situation like a Dak Mynsaw from a clean marriage.
“We are like animals without shelter, but as long as we will fight for our rights,” they said. “They don't allow me to sher dara,” said Babu Birbor.
The directive to expedite the empowerment of all 18 powers and functions has already been mentioned by the Audit.
The marriage of Satan's people is exactly like that of animals.
Now they have put themselves in a position where they have to understand it and also understand the backward and forward implementation.
I can’t kick him out of school and I don’t punish him.
The party has also won in Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Nagaland and Meghalaya.
The place where I propose to hold the meeting will be at the Conference Room Secretariat where we held the All Party Meeting because this meeting is for the benefit of the state.
The branch that sprouts from its place (Jesus and the Land of Israel) will rebuild the Temple of the Lord, will reign on the throne and be a Priest on the throne.
There were 32 candidates including male and female students who contested for 12 posts of the Union.
He said he has also participated in the 43rd National Arm Wrestling Championship 2019 in Bhilai (Chhattisgarh), and the 31st Annual State Level Arm Wrestling Championship 2022 which will end in June
Speaking on the occasion, Shanlang Lyngdoh urged the SHG to work hard and to unite, so that they can continue to carry out the activities of the SHG, which is also one of the SHGs. they are to promote their own work and also to stand on their own feet.
Speaking to media, Abu Taher Mondal said that the closure of power plants by central government companies including the Khandong and Kopili Hydro Electric Project has increased the power shortage. rainfall to fill the reservoirs to generate electricity of the state government.
“The PWD should have consulted or informed before implementing the project as the area under the jurisdiction of MeECL,” said the Additional Chief Engineer (Civil) of the department. Deb.
Also present were the Dolloi of Nongjngi District, Pius Daw, Waheh Raij Namdong Elias Susngi, Secretary Raij Isidol Pakma, and village members.
The landslide occurred hours after heavy rains in many parts of Meghalaya and vehicles coming from Tripura, Mizoram and Barak Valley were blocked. in this landslide.
At present, we do not trust the investigative agencies of the country even if they should work in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution.
Speaking as the Chief Guest after the launch, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong I Laloo said that according to the rules of the National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights, The primary purpose is to provide a safe environment for young children who are physically and mentally weak.
Shillong, June 12: The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on Tuesday said that they are still waiting for the state government to call them for talks on the plan to relocate 342 households. Harijans who live in Mawlong.
Inside the case, the NIA said they recovered six foreign-made pistols, six magazines and 120 unused bullets along with 40 kilograms of heroin. They were seized during a search operation from a ship seized on November 28 last year near Okha in Gujarat.
The channel's management has been given 45 days to respond, News 18 reported.
Sanbor said this in response to the statement of Congress Legislative Party (CLP) Leader, Ronnie V Lyngdoh who alleged that Sanbor did not speak in the House in response to the statement of Bah Sanbor. Sanbor said that Congress MP from Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala, has been speaking for three years.
Teilangstar Nongsiej, President Bidingstar Jyrwa, Vice President Watslem Shadap, Secretary Edwinstar Mangu, Assistant Secretary Son Shullai, Treasurer Augustine Lyngdoh and Publicity Secretary Blistar Langrin were elected as chairman.
“The BJP and Congress have come, there are also others from the UDP, HSPDP who are my close friends who have come to propose that I contest from their party. “It can happen when I myself am the leader of the NCP, I have my own club,” said Sanbor.
When asked about the BJP's expectations, Hek said the BJP will win 24 seats and added that even if it loses, it will win about 8 to 10 seats.
Speaking on the occasion, Minister of State Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the books written by SJ Duncan encouraged him to write short stories because of Duncan's ability to write them. the meaning of the stories attracts the readers.
It is learned that the vacancy was created due to the retirement of SN Sidramappa on 29th June this year.
Regarding the tightening of security for the G20 Meeting in Kashmir, scheduled to be held in June, JK Police, CAPF and Army troops prepared for providing preventive measures.
ii) to achieve peace and clarity on the border between the Khasi States, Garo Hills (Meghalaya) and Assam; ii) the suspension of the demand for the ILP in accordance with the rights of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation (BEFR) 1873,.
He said that MeECL is quick to cut off electricity to the villagers who do not pay the electricity bill but are slow to repair or replace the damaged transformer.
“I feel happy now that we are in the semi final and we hope that in the next 17 days we will be able to reach the final.
I'm not sure.
However, the EE promised the party leaders that they will try to do this as much as possible to avoid the traffic jam of the people of the area.
Demthring also tried to create chances to score.
The 69-year-old man died at a hospital in Tanda and was infected with coronavirus.
Theilin Phanbuh said the commission has summoned the women and members of the Pynthor Women's Association to hear the incident.
There was also a call from the public that the violence against women needs to be clarified and investigated.
After that she will prepare for her Father and Mother.
Shillong, Naitung 02 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has lodged a complaint against the maintenance of the road from Mustoh to Shella village in East Khasi Hills District.
In terms of human needs, Goa, Puducherry, Lakshadweep and Chandigarh are the states that have performed best in water and sanitation and housing compared to other states and union territories.
On receiving information that the employees of MCCL have gathered at the parking lot of Adll.
According to a complaint received in 2013, the man identified as Nicholas Metson had a fight with the woman who had a relationship with him that year.
Those farmers who are good at planting mushrooms receive seeds and training at the Mushroom Development Farm in Upper Shillong.
These articles that are spreading these days, say “Warning to all friends.
Gogoi has been charged under the IPC and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Amendment Act on charges of murder, anti-national propaganda and inciting ethnic strife. , to oppose the unity of the country and that he supports the CPI-Maoist rebel group.
The contribution did not end there, she translated parts of the Bible into Marathi.
In these 73 years there have been terrible bloodshed because of religious differences, ethnic differences and so on and this has not disappeared yet.
The AJYWO Sengkmie under the leadership of Bah MH Dkhar, its President, has lodged a complaint with the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (Surface Transport) of the Government of India. In 2011, the Ministry of India has directed the Meghalaya Government to eradicate the illegal operation of vehicles in Khliehriat (C) Sub-Division. Even today, the illegal use of private vehicles in EJHD remains the same.
He said that the festival will be attended by organizations from all over the country to showcase the unique style of those villages or areas.
However, later, when the police retreated, the clash ended and no casualties were reported.
Explainer: Shri.Prime Minister PaliarShri.Skingland Iawphniaw (Manager Kur Iawphniaw).
There are many land in the rural areas so this will also help in the migration of jobs from the rural areas to the cities and will also ensure sustainable income,” he added.
Besides the demand for ILP, Conrad K Sangma said the state leaders also discussed the border issue and economic development for Meghalaya.
I want to shyieng krung women bd who know the day and good manners, if there are only those who have a real purpose if you are interested please call or tx on this no
Shillong: On the 13th of October 2022, at about 10 pm, unidentified robbers have set fire to a footbridge in Wah Nohriang. village in Phlangkynshi area of ​​South West Khasi Hills District.
The road from Khliehriat to Beltola has been blocked and office workers from Jowai, Nongpoh and Sohryngkham have been on leave without casual leave.
These measures help to uplift people and society by rejecting corruption.
If the religious leaders do not understand at this time, and continue to fall into this political trap of the BJP, the time will come when they will not be able to rise up because the BJP will continue to suppress them. The Congress party has been in power for the past few years.
“I am a farmer first and a policeman later.
The Assam government has decided to impose a curfew in Jorhat, which started yesterday and will be effective without a deadline.
The BSF were on their way from Dalu to Tura when they were on their way to Tura.
“The cooperation between the UDP and the HSPDP will continue in the MDC elections even if there will be a friendly contest but it will not be different from the MLA elections,” he said.
¢Do not install trees on electrical signs or near electrical signs with high voltage or extra high voltage as this can cause electrical damage.
When they are planted in the field, they do not require much care except to remove the weeds or to cultivate the soil.
Now let us look at these facts why we Khasi Pnars who live in Block -1 want to come to Meghalaya;
:Renikton L.Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency today sent a letter to the Chairman of Meghalaya Rural Bank Ashish Yadav requesting for the reopening of branches. The Meghalaya Rural Bank in Mawkyrwat District has been closed due to many problems in the Mawkyrwat District.
Phule, a minority leader and MP from Bahraich, has been critical of the party's working methods in the state and central governments. .
The first party to win the election was the PDF party. The speakers from the party included Bah LG Nongsiej, candidate of the PDF and Bah PN Syiem Chairman of the PDF. At the same time, the PDF candidate will contest from Mawsynram Constituency.
He said that the Government's upgradation of C&RD Block is one of the ways to bring development to the people.
He was a schoolteacher, a lawyer, and a journalist before entering politics.
Of the states in the region, only the Ministers of Sports and Youth Affairs from Meghalaya, Assam, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh attended the conference.
We laughed there quickly.
He said that if the VHP cannot do this, it is for the benefit of someone, and added that the KSU is not afraid and will not allow to discourage and attack our fellow citizens. .
Speaking on the topic of environmental protection, the Chief Guest stressed the need to improve education, to train people in the trade, to encourage the youth in the trade as well. also to instill in the minds of the children that they should have a purpose to reach the goal in life.
“I send my condolences,” he said.
This year, the survey was conducted in all 33 States/UTs in 712 districts with 3.01 lakh households and 22,596 village offices.
Regarding the allegation that some people are trying to escape from the Umling test centre, Hek said that there have been such incidents, and the government has now tightened the entry point. and strengthen security forces to stop such people.
Every 30 minutes they will tell you, “Hey Bah or Kong, the bill is too high.
Shillong, July: The Mawlai Youth Association (SSMP) in a statement through Bah P.Nongbet, Academic Secretary, congratulates all the youth of Mawlai Village and also all the youth of the country. The results of SSLC, 2022 and HSSLC, 2022 have been announced.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) has demanded that the Lamphang should convene a special session to discuss the demands of the people. Implementation of Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state to curb the influx of foreigners.
Khliehriat Iaiong 17: It is surprising that the electricity outages in East Jaintia Hills District have been occurring frequently and this has caused a lot of problems to the people of the area. They didn't get any electricity for ten days.
In English it is called a sick unit.
However, after 2 days, the strong wind has carried away the water and many parts of the river have appeared shyiap and thus this has made it easier for them to find and recover the bodies of these 2 Two of them drowned and were carried away by the water until they reached the other side of the river.
One of them has received the Concern to Establishment and three others are still applying and the others have no documents. those who have received CTE are allowed to continue to start construction works for staff quarters and those who have CTOs are allowed to carry out work .
And Garcia Luna denied this.
Many remember to apply only for the post metric scholarship or after completing class X (shiphew).
“Other candidates have witnessed that one public meeting they hold spends lakhs of rupees just to build a house, that the money they spend here is the money that the voters have already paid but from the “I am fighting on my grounds and if I win I will be able to work for the people without having to worry about paying debts,” he said.
In this regard, the General Secretary of SWCRJ, Bichar Shylla, urged the Waheh Shnongs to fight as hard as they can to conduct the MLA election with the consensus of all without any discrimination. right side.
In parts of Forest Colony, Polo, several households opposite the Buddhist Temple have been affected by the floods which have been severe this year due to the presence of dewbilat. in the middle of the large canal that flows into the Umkhrah River.
Ladrymbai B SC has qualified for the semifinals after beating Rymbai Synrang Shahkhain 3-2 in the quarterfinals of the First Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association on Tuesday.
The new OT was inaugurated by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker and MLA of Mairang in the presence of ADC W. Mawkon, DHS (MI) Dr. H. Lyndem and others. Bah Metbah also inaugurated the xray room and new equipment, the Hospital Information System or the room and equipment to provide information to the public. He also opened the CCTV Machine of the Hospital.
Founded in Hyderabad in the 1950s, the AIMIM has grown to have two MPs and seven MLAs in Telangana and one MLA in Bihar.
The former minister is also known as the 'Architech of Mexico's war on drugs' – and is said to have provided information to the Sinaloa drug cartel and other drug trafficking groups. search by law enforcement agencies.
Irilang Khongsit had a chance to score the first goal of the match before Umpling shot the ball which Rynjah's goalkeeper couldn't stop.
The parties that have left to support the PDF said that it would be more pleasant if the CEM would also include them in the EC to show that they are in the same family.
Shillong: The UDP candidate Balajiedkupar Synrem, Mosjo Rock Feller Wanswett of the PDF and Grace Mary Kharpuri of the independent candidate will contest the Shella by-election.
The Sesame Workshop has also been providing education to children through games around the world for more than 50 years and has seen changes.
The group warned that if the date is not postponed, they will not allow it but will hold a protest until the government postpones the date.
“We will stand in the middle of the road, we will stop the tourist vehicles, we will release only the market vehicles carrying passengers,” said Sordar Phren Kongwang.
Bah Dibishon Malai, President of the Seng, urged the people to elect a leader who has hope for the future of the nation.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has stressed that this issue is not new but it is an issue that the people of the area and the KSU have been demanding for a long time.
In this regard, the DC's office is requested to establish and review or cancel the order issued on 23rd June 2024 so that the rights of the residents will not be violated. Cancel.
Furthermore, the musicians from Pynter who are the musicians of Khasi surs have entertained us listeners.
Rakkam A. Sangma said the Government is conducting a thorough review of other subjects of the CBSE before implementation, which aims to improve literacy in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Meghalaya Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan School Association (SSASA) has rejected the statement by the Symbud Chief Minister Dr RC Laloo in the House recently that teachers SSA schools are required to take the Teachers Eligibility Test (TET).
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 27: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills has decided to boycott or suspend the sale of TOPCEM dewbilat in West Khasi Hills. The factory is located in Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills.
When the parents came home, they saw that the children had prayed and when asked they told that they were eating the tits they had picked from the forest.
New Delhi: Rakesh Tikait, the top leader of the Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU), has been on the border with Delhi for two months to demand the withdrawal of the Indian government's ban. the farmer's law.
All the arrested and seized persons have been handed over to Krishnai Police Station for further investigation,” the statement said.
After being stabbed several times in the arm and chest, the man suffered a cardiac arrest and died shortly after the incident. the medical team worked hard to save him in many ways.
He said that the passengers on the bus include women, parents and youth.
She's phi! the right has been usurped by the “my feeling is right”.
Pynshngain said the Executive Committee will consider the complaints of the two candidates and after resolution, the election will be held.
Shillong, November 23: BJP Meghalaya State Unit President Rikman G Momin on Thursday honored Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the party general meeting held in New Delhi on Thursday. .
Bah Process urged the MCPF office bearers to work hard in the upcoming elections so that together, we can develop Mawlai Constituency in all aspects.
“I hope it will bring about success in terms of providing services to the people of the state,” she said.
If this is the case, we will withdraw from the talks,” said Bah Saiñkupar in the letter.
The company is located at Shillong Technology Park, Umsawli and has been growing since then as it has opened up opportunities for the youth across the state.
This is called 'functional education'
When she visited Rani, she saw that the quarrying of stone in this area for transportation to Assam has put a serious threat to the government and it is not known how many quarries have been authorized by the Meghalaya government. Many of the information collected has been used illegally without the permission of the Government of Meghalaya.
A group of 29 climbers and nine mountaineering instructors of the Nehru Institute of Mountaineering (NIM) Uttarkashi District, Uttarakhand have been buried alive in the collapse of a volcano while They were returning from the climb of Draupada Mountain in Dandi on the 4th of this month at 8:45 pm.
These happen in many cases in relation to health care, the death of those who have become too educated and when they are doctors or hospital managers sometimes forget that they too are human beings and have compare themselves to machines.
“The country grows if there is unity;  “The country is happy when there is a leader and the army of the country is protecting and vigilant to protect us from the enemies who want to destroy the country,” said Babu Sylvanus.
However, according to the population structure by mother tongue, the Khasi-Pnars who are poor are still many if we use permutation and combination.
“Here you will find heaven, Hep, which all the souls of the world long to experience,” said Lydia. Hep picked her up and put her to sleep. .
Shillong: The JSU has expressed its deep sorrow after hearing that one of its members has died at the hands of mynder in Ichamati village yesterday.
“I have said from the beginning that the stadium has two parts.
The Nongpoh Town Committee has decided to work with the District authorities to eradicate the use of plastic, after the Deputy Commissioner has recently enforced Section 144 CrPC. The government has decided to prevent the use of plastic bags in the District which has affected the cleanliness of the area and the environment.
Passah, who was awarded the Padmashree by the ruling government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has brought about a culture of traditional music and popularity in India, which has shown that only the BJP can give. I am from the state of Meghalaya.
When it comes to meat birds, you can find various species of birds such as the Syiar-bri, the Narai, the Khruit, the Niangkhiar, the Labadur, the Pader-snieh, the Lymbit, the Rasoi. the Rasoi-wamon, the wasoo, the jyrngam, the white-headed bird, the Jalisiaw, the woodpecker, the cock-clear woodpecker, the shakar woodpecker, the kit-tylli woodpecker, the Dhoh, the Pdiat, the Simtung, the Simshyntat, the Parrot, the Parrot, the Parrot, the Stain, the Wastem, the Mukuh, the Laroit, the The Doklarngiang, the Sim Shun, the Lapynda, the Latyud, the Klew, the Clerk, the Hornbill, the Sarowaiong, the Lashait, the Ryngkeng, (Hornbill, Pdiwkhna). Moina, Khliengmaha, Mangkariang, Jitnai, Lakynjar, Simpuhdieng, Dhairasoi, Pianglup, Beintarlok, Sooradang, Latyut, Jitnai, Jiarbong, Daw the Rapatis and other tribes.
There is talk that some Congress MLAs will leave the party and join the BJP and work with the BJP government in Delhi.
On the same day, Ma Kyrmen visited Sohkymphor village to hand over the garbage truck to the village.
The party will also set up FARM Centers in all districts of the state and places to assist farmers to market their crops besides implementing the FARM Crop Insurance Policy which covers all crops so that farmers will not lose.
Boys' Higher Secondary School won the Best Team title in the Under-18 Boys category with three gold, three silver and three bronze medals.
“If you don't want to contest on the UDP ticket, you have to go through the Circle because no one has informed you yet.
R Nongspung, Lumshyiap Golf LinksLooking back, let us all remember that before the end of 2019, Meghalaya and especially Shillong will be cold and dry.
Shillong: The corona virus has affected the people of the state in 2020 and 2021 and the state government in 2020 has allocated T.25 lakh to the MLAs for the purchase of the necessary equipment for the people of the Constituency.
Never pretend to be sick for the purpose of denying your husband sex.
Police have not yet released the cause of death of the youth and his body has been sent to hospital for post mortem.
Shillong, November 20: The alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP has affected Sohiong where its leaders and members from different parts of the village have joined the Congress.
Lawei SC will play against Maw-U-tieng SC in the first leg while Rahjingshai SC will play against Thynroit SC in the second leg.
“On the one hand, the EC has many tasks and issues that the committee will be able to work on in the future and now the people will know all about the major decisions of the EC,” he said. EC through this channel the information to the public will be accurate, he said.
Jowai, Naitung 29: The SSSU Umkiang Samla Shnong through its Publicity Secretary, Bah Shanbor Dhar, would like to inform MeECL and the State Government that many electricity lines have been installed along the NH-4 ,from Umkiang Market to Holly Cross Higher Secondary School has almost collapsed and it has caused a lot of trouble to the people who pass through this road to go to the market, especially to the school children who pass through this road. to get to school.
The maximum depth of the 4.9 magnitude earthquake was 50 km and affected several states and others.
Furthermore, it was noticed that some of them wanted to come to the market but they had to leave empty handed because they didn't have the money to buy.
However, the traffic jam along the road from Khyndai Lad to Motphran has forced many people not to take taxis but to walk.
They explained that because in the Bible we find that they are not divided into men.
There was also a short meeting by the CEM and prayers by the church leaders.
He said that the PDF is trying to take power because they are not paid inside the KHADC. "They may not be paid inside the House but it is sad that they have become low paid outside the House. he said.
Pawar was taken to Breach Candy Hospital at Bhulabhai Desai Road where he was treated immediately by a King Air B200 ambulance with a medical room inside. .
Shillong: Malki SC lost 2-1 to Rangdajied United in the Shillong Premier League on Tuesday. League.
A quiz competition was also held on this topic.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 6: Nongmawlong Village, which has only 29 households and is only 3 KM from Langpih, has been in the midst of a conflict between the two Himas. , that is, the Raidmynsaw Sirdarship and the Nongmynsaw Syiemship.
When we meet people who are well-dressed, we enjoy meeting and talking to them.
According to the Principal, in the last three years, the pass rate of the students has been 100 percent in the Science and Commerce stream and 96 percent in the Art Stream.
This is the seventh time that Niaw Wasa United have won the title.
“The defeat of the MDA candidate in the last MP election is because the people are afraid of Narendra Modi.
On the allegation by Bah Titos that Sohra has only a market with the State Bank of India, he said, “Before 2018, there was only SBI and the market was closed. tnum with that tin.
Naba Bhattacharjee, a cricket pioneer and involved in making Meghalaya closer to the goal of qualifying for many major cricket tournaments in the country, said: He has once again been appointed as the president of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA).
In another development, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, N Biren Singh, in the past few days, has announced that the state government is in talks to extend the curfew. from 5:00 AM to 6:00 PM so that the public can resume their regular activities and also for the reopening of schools.
On the spelling, he said that not only in Khasi but also in English they have been standardized for example head-master to headmaster.
“Now is the time to throw the BJP into the Bay of Bengal.
The cause of the fire may have been a lightning strike which set fire to the fridges which had to be turned on all night.
He said that the election of him as the President of the party is also because in their wisdom, they have accepted him as a trusted party.
He said that he has seen many problems that these children need help, but the small foundation has not been able to do well but with the blessings of God the way will be opened in the future.
Other lawyers have already argued and the issue of the NGT order in the case of Lber Laloo has almost been discussed by all the lawyers involved in the case inside the House. judgment not for honor.
He said that perhaps they may be the robbers who have committed theft and robbery who have set up a hideout in the area.
“Ka seng has supported us since the outbreak of Covid-19 in collaboration with the District authorities, security during festivals, events and others.
Two employees, Sushil Ch Boorah and Elington Nongsiej, have been suspended while one temporary employee, Rajesh Kumar Balmiki, has been dismissed.
It is to be recalled that FASToM has held this indefinite strike after the State Government since 2019 has been examining the proposal of FASToM to upgrade the Deficit Pattern/Deficit System. a salary of T.18,000 with a salary increase of 5% per annum.
Rgh DK Dkhar, President and General Secretary of the Khasi Kmie, Shillong also welcomed the guest speaker and Rgh PD Nongrum, President and General Secretary of the Khasi Kmie, Shillong. Khasi Mother's Day.
It is on this basis that it is clear that some parts of the story of Tirot Singh have been omitted and written incorrectly.
Narpuh has been the most backward and neglected area in all aspects since the time of the Congress Government and now it has been neglected and neglected by the MDA Government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma.
The swearer said this; (in Jaintia language) Nongpynsmai– To, if you are willing to swear, even after you have witnesses, you will have to swear in the name of Blai Syiem pyrthad.
The Secy.
The HNYF also warns the shopkeepers not to open their shops without getting licenses and demands that the government should close down these shops and if the government understands “The HNYF is ready to assist the government in this regard,” said Bah Donlang.
Nazanin was shot dead as she was leaving home to drive to Mazar-e-Sharif.
Khliehriat, Nailur 24: The Chairperson of the District Selection and Promotion Committee, East Jaintia Hills District, has informed all those who apply for various posts through the advertisement No.KHLT/DSJ.68/2021/3, Dated Khliehriat, the 15th June, 2021, those whose names are on the INCOMPLETE LIST to come and submit all the necessary documents at the office of the Chairperson in Khliehriat, so that the employees can complete them. and if it exceeds the 23rd of July, it will not be accepted.
In this championship, there will be many participants from schools and districts, under different age groups.
In his speech, he recalled the independence of India and the independence of India and expressed his gratitude and congratulations to those who sacrificed their lives for the sake of India. the country and the nation.
The party urges all the leaders of various political parties and the people of Bri u Hynniew Trep Hynniewskum to demand the implementation of the ILP and reject or oppose the CAB. Shillong: Suzie Oneal Basan is one. WWF Asia Pacific 2019 has won the second place in the World Fitness Federation (WWF) Asia Pacific Championships which started from 30th November to 1st November 2019 in Bengaluru. .
The Minister of Home Affairs said that it is thanks to the leadership of Narendra Modi that the North East is now free from all conflict and peace and stability have prevailed in the region.
He is also a former GNLA leader who oversees the coal market areas in Nangalbibra.
In the first match, Haryana beat Sports Authority of India 2-0
Forget the Khasi Hills or Jaintia Hills or the descriptions of the French or foreigners about us, or the names of government districts.
We have decided to relocate the Shillong District Jail”.
V.Swer MCS, who used to be the Extra Assistant Commissioner of Mairang Civil Sub Division, will be the EAC of the new district.
This year, 6,635 meters of the length of the crematoria has been discovered.
Jowai, Jymmang 16: The KSU-JHDU has given time to the Manager of the United Bank of India, Khieh Riat to correct the spelling of the signboard and all the documents of the bank. Therefore, you must be able to spell the wrong language from Khliehriat to Khliehriahat.
On the other hand, HSPDP Leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said the party will hold talks with the government for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
VGK Kynta, lawyer leading the Khasi District Council, told the court that the District Council has been doing its part for the sake of cleanliness by installing The rules for the cleaning of the markets in the four districts within its boundary.
The hearing of nomination papers will be held on the 22nd June, 2023 at 1:00 pm.
Therefore, we are pleased that the decisions and policies will be discussed here in Shillong.
There are 6 persons who receive monthly assistance from the ICDS Nongstoin office.
Meanwhile, two Kuki rebel groups under Suspension of Operation (SoO) have announced the decision to end the protest in Kangpokpi district after 54 days.
He said that only the residents of Umsning Constituency will be allowed to contest and the winner will receive a cash prize of Rs 20,000 and will also be able to take part in the Meghalaya Face 2023 to be held in Shillong. in addition to other awards.
The lyngwiar that spreads the earth in nature is female, but the earth in the hand is male, while the stone and shyiap remain male in any way.
He hoped that through this hard work of the members of the club, it will bring fame to the village, the region and the state.
Explaining about the violence by the Assam Police, the village leaders and the residents said that the violence by the Assam Police in the village has happened since the past, but these have not happened. The village authorities are still unable to explain to the Assam Police and there are also cases where they have to pay money for the smooth running of the work.
Ms Sun, congratulated the members of the club, under the leadership of the President of the Club, Rtn David Umdor, who brought and built 600 byrni of shyiap, to prevent the flooding. of the house and reported that they have completed the work on 20th November
A prayer that is short in words, but it is a prayer that is deep and meaningful.
In another match, Rynjah beat Pohkseh 1-0
Myntri Rangbah Duh welcomed these people who have brought about changes in the village.
Kerala will open its restaurants in Orange A, Orange B and Green districts.
On the shortage of staff, it was said that there is only one doctor in charge of the emergency department and this is a little difficult, as it is a department that needs it very much.
He said that the allegation that the government has not done anything to remove the rules of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) from the areas outside the Municipal, is not true because the government has already held meetings for two years. sien and now it is waiting for the KHADC to complete the drafting of the building regulations through the Town Committees.
This resulted in a victory of 55 percent, while the loss was only 45 percent.
With this victory, Laban won a cash prize of T.50,000 and a trophy while Nongrim Hills won T.25,000 and a trophy.
He urged the SHGs and VOs to take advantage of the NRLM scheme and urge them to be united so that whatever they do will reach its goal.
To date, 77,141 villages and 90 blocks have set up 71 Plastic Waste Management Units.
You know that when there is a matter, you have to go to the village to discuss especially the important matters,” said the brother.
I still have time to think and move forward,” said Bah Thabah.
Kazi said that after the attack, the injured were taken to a hospital for treatment.
“The government committee has been on the 8th Scheduled and perhaps there is a shortcoming that needs to be improved because there is still a shortage of language experts in this committee,” said Dr Nonglait. KAS agrees and accepts this but urges the Prime Minister to act as soon as possible lest it end up in the committee without reaching anywhere”.
After a while, when the money was paid, they left.
The incident happened at Nongchram Village under Shallang PS at 6 pm.
Speaking as the chief guest, Sylvester Phanbuh urged how to make India one of the most developed countries in all aspects.
When asked whether there has been an invitation from the government for talks, the Punjabi leader said they are ready to leave.
Shillong: The Deputy General Manager, MTC, SA Sangma, today said that the Pawan Hans helicopter has stopped flying since 23rd June this year. because there was a malfunction in her wings.
Rau, who has represented India in 33 ODIs and 03 Tests, and Bijui, who has played more than 100 first class matches.
