The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA), which is monitoring the results, will not accept the results of the NIOS. They demanded that the MSSASA teachers will have to hold strong protests in the coming days.
Chris' resignation from the role of Captain America has upset many as they still want to see him again in this regard and feel that he is the only one who is suitable to play the role. Captain America.
The Raij Raliang will hold its annual Kopati Puja from the 22nd-24th of this month at Raliang, West Jaintia Hills District.
Wars in the Middle East often happen only because of Israel's hostility toward the Jews (Israel).
Dy.Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong will be the chief guest in the presence of Kyrmen Shylla and Lahkmen Rymbui, Ministers in the State Government.
“On behalf of NEHUSU and HYC, we have sought clarification from the Vice Chancellor to take responsibility to resolve the issues that have arisen in these months.
The truck belonging to the owner of the Madras Cafe, a foreigner, Bonus Ratan, burst into flames in the front part and after an hour the fire brigade arrived and extinguished the blaze.
Dr AK Nongbri, Block Coordinator, Swaach Bharat Mission (G) gave a speech on the cleanliness of the morning especially on the environment. PHC.On this occasion, the sportsmen who have brought glory to the State in various sports competitions including Babit Kharsahnoh, Pynnehbor Mylliemngap, Jeffrey John Nongdhar, Blaseibok Kharbuli, Emdor Blah, Teibok Marbaniang, Rishotskhem Marboh and Nehbor Mawthoh.
“We will not improve if we continue to maintain the same education system in the state,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, the NPP leaders expressed their gratitude to the NPP for joining the NPP by Bah Jason S.Mawlong and Bah Donkupar Sumer. To bring about economic growth and development in Umsning Constituency and District as a whole.
From West Jaintia Hills, from Guwahati and from West Garo Hills, from Assam.
AIS SujaNiut are those things which man needs more, those which should be removed conditionally or any parts that are niut.
The award ceremony was attended by the Environmental Engineer of the State Pollution Control Board, Bah S Syiem and the Principal of Synod College Shillong, Dr. RM Lyngdoh.
Synrem said they have urged the government to take steps to ensure that the Fast Track Courts/Special Courts as mentioned under the DREAM Project, for the purpose of hearing cases under the NDPS Act, are available. They should be appointed immediately especially in East Khasi Hills District.
The Purana also tells of Arjuna's journey in search of a horse of the Jaintia Hills that was taken by the son of the king (Chowdhury).
Referring to the turnout of tens of thousands of people to mourn the funeral of Bah Cherister Field Thangkhiew at Mawlai Kynton Massar, Bah Tynsong said, “In connection with the turnout of the people on the day of the death of Cherister Field Thangkhiew. “The government cannot stop the funeral of Bah Cherist because the people are sorry,” he said.
The opening match of the day was between Pahamrioh FC and Iatylli FC in which the match was very lively and interesting in which the players from both the teams played well and in the midst of a fierce match from the In the second half, Pahamrioh FC beat Iatylli FC 3-1 to win the first leg of the tournament.
A person who still loves agriculture is still a lover of his native land because if we look for a good foundation, agriculture is the work of our ancestors.
Speaking to media, Basaiawmoit said, “I can say without a doubt that the policy of the MDA government in terms of peace and stability in the state, the youth are involved in terrorism.
He scored 457 marks.
He hoped that the Search Committee would be able to complete the search for the right candidates soon.
He is from Shangpung village and is undergoing training at Staish Hospital.
Shillong: U DP MDC from Shella constituency Teinwell Dkhar, candidate of KHDA, today won the election for Chairman of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). PDA candidate Hadrian Lyngdoh received only 10 votes.
In the second innings, WJH scored 60 runs for the loss of 1 wicket in 8.2 overs.
Although there is a difference between the song Jerusalem composed by Master KG and the original Gospel song "Jerusalem Ikhaya Lami", Master KG expresses the desire to live and live in a better city or world. .
Twenty-one students, including 16 who passed the SSLC examination and 5 students who passed the HSSLC examination, received Momentos along with cash prizes.
In the second leg, Samaro beat Khliehmyntdu Neinchnong 3-0
The signs now show that that time is near, God has mercy on the Gentiles, God has mercy on Israel – God has mercy on all.
On the part of the group, we cannot accept this because it will cause problems and as the ADCs were created to protect us the small paid indigenous people, this intention is to force the appointment of ADCs. “Other ethnic groups in the District Councils have shown that there is something behind it and as a group we will not accept and we will stand against,” said Roy Kupar Synrem.
Dr. PW Khongjee, former Congress MLA from Shella, Sohra Constituency, may not contest the upcoming elections. The former MLA of Sohra, Bah Donevan Kharwanlang from the Congress party, has been replaced by Bah Donevan Kharwanlang from the Congress party. The names of the candidates for the Congress ticket are not yet known.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has awarded honors to those youths who have passed the SSLC Examination. The RBYF has awarded 12 students from Ri Bhoi District for the SSLC examination 2020 at the District Library Nongpoh.
“If there was no NIA since last year, our leaders would have come here to talk peace but it is the NIA that has caused the obstacle to come for peace talks,” he said. .
Shillong, Naitung 13 : All the three District Councils of Meghalaya, KHADC, JHADC and GHADC have decided to send a single letter to the National Law Commission to strongly oppose the proposal to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) throughout the country.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that there has been a significant increase in all the expenditure of the Government in many key areas including service delivery, implementation, development of government services and others.
When looking for the root cause of the increasing pollution of the environment, it is from us the residents of the village because we don't take responsibility for the society to make the village and the surrounding area clean.
Manki Lyngdoh scored the first goal in the 42nd minute.
“As a servant of the nation, I was ready to wear prison uniform to sit in jail for the sake of the country and the nation,” he said.
One cannot indeed fail to express deep sorrow for the loss of One of the Greatest of the Nation in modern times.
India's squad for the remaining Test series are: Rohit Sharma (capt), Jasprit Bumrah, Yashasvi Jaiswal, Shubman Gill, KL Rahul (wk), Rajat Patidar, Sarfaraz Khan, Dhruv Jurel (wk), KS India (wk), Ravichandran Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel, Washington Sundar, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Siraj, Mukesh Kumar, Akash Deep.
Benjamin Marak, Principal, Pioneers' Secondary School, Baghmara, expressed his gratitude to AVENUES for bringing this program to his school.
“These projects are deadly projects, just to mislead the people so that the officials of the department can build houses for themselves,” said Bah Majaw. u Rupee.
It is worth mentioning that political parties have many sources of financial support.
At the same time, the same should be done before the election, to invite experts to run common platforms in the villages to ask questions relevant to the constituency. that they stand.
In the presentation, Musk showed a video of a pig, named Gertrude, with the chip, which is the size of a coin, that has been stolen. In her brain, for two months, the pig has become intelligent and understands food, her mind and her health are no different, but she is the same as other pigs. .
The Chinese badminton team has now won the Sudirman Cup for the 13th time.
“I have raised my voice on the Reservation Policy since 20 years ago, where are those who are shouting now?” asked Bah Paul, Working President of the UDP, who raised the issue during his tenure. I was the President of the KSU at that time.
She invited clubs from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills to participate.
These are needed not only in the shops of Upper Shillong but throughout the state, and this is also the responsibility of the Food and Safety Department for the health of the people,” said the statement. The President of KHNAM-State Youth Wing is Bah Thomas Passah.
Furthermore, the union urged the Dorbar Shnong to set rules for the companies to ensure that the employees do not work in fear of sudden dismissal which happens from time to time. period.
This training was supported by the MLA Jowai.
Ashmita will face China's Han Yue, who defeated India's Malvika Bansod 21-11 21-1
Shadap said he could not say how many rngai schools there are but he estimated that about 15% out of 100% of the rngai schools in the state.
“This incident is under investigation and efforts to identify the face and track down the woman involved are ongoing,” said a statement from SP Shillong, Lber, 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Central Executive Council (HYC) on Tuesday said that the State Government has implemented the Roster System in relation to the recruitment by implementing the Office Memorandum issued on 10th June is illegal as it is against the terms of the Reservation Policy.
Prestone Tynsong was speaking at the SP/CO Conference held at the Police Headquarters, Shillong.
Police of Phulbari Police Station, who received a tip that some TMC supporters led by Bhutto and others had attacked NPP supporters, immediately rushed to the scene under the leadership of SDPO of Dadenggre. CI (W) Phulbari and OC Phulbari PS to conduct the investigation.
The Jaintia Hills District Chess Association (JHDCA) has announced that it will hold the State B Chess Competition on 7-8 June 2024 at Thomas Jones Synod College Jowai.
Arunachal scored 57/2 in the second innings.
Detailed information will be released tomorrow on the curfew.
Therefore, the regular inclusion of pathaw in your diet is essential for the health benefits of the body.
There are 34,783 voters, of whom 17,096 are males and 17687 are females.
And let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed.
Pritish Ch Marak, 37, mother of Pritish Ch Marak, 37, and two children died on July 9, 2022 due to heavy rainfall in Garo Hills. The father and one son are still undergoing treatment at Tura Civil Hospital.
It is said that the Hima Nongkhlaw was founded by five Lyngdohs who ruled in their respective villages in the Nongkhlaw area in the year 1524 when Shahjer became the first Syiem of the Hima. Nongkhlaw as the capital of the Hima and it is said that Law Lyngdoh Mawphlang is more than 500 years old and has stood tall and worn the “Nam” of “Burom” until today.
Almost all the Khasi MLAs are afraid of Conrad Sangma, I don't know why he has magic and power; .23.
As the EC has failed, the Chairman has announced the date of filing of nominations for the election for the election of the new CEM, and the date for the election of the CEM on the second day at 11 am.
He sold the shrieh, but when he had collected and received money from the spectators, he put all the money in his pocket and in the evening he bought a little shana and distributed the shrieh.
The hunting competition around has been going on for years now.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Public Works Department (JPWDMW&LU) has banned all muster roll workers from standing for election for any candidate.
A group of journalists visited the area and found that the deterioration of the road is very severe and the problems of the people are very serious, as if there is no leader to look after their problems.
Therefore, the arrival of the Head of State will make the tournament even more memorable for the people of Garo Hills.
Dr War said one of them is a patient at Robert Hospital, one is an employee of NEIGRIHMS Hospital, one is a CBI Inspector from Upper Mawprem. One of them is from Mawlai Nongkwar, one is the husband of a doctor who is studying at Nazareth Hospital, two of them are from abroad.
Although the Nagas live in different districts of Nagaland, Manipur, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh, from their clan, we can understand that a person is a Chang Naga or Ao Naga or others. another Naga sub-tribe.
The program concluded with the participation of the students in various competitions, including dancing, singing and also the Miss and Mr Ri Bhoi College competition. .
The meeting, which was convened by the Minister of Home Affairs, will be held tomorrow morning to discuss the CAB, the District Councils of the North East. India; The Chairman of the KHADC has written a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs of India to include the KHADC in this meeting. shai is the day.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has denied the allegation that Meghalaya has been annexed to Assam.
The State Government has directed all Banks and Treasuries to operate on 26th and 27th October 2020, for the purpose of managing government funds.
Nongpoh: The Nongpoh Traffic Branch, has issued a strong warning to those drivers in the villages of Nongpoh area, that from now on they should not drive in the wrong direction. Side) to the Service Lane in the Nongpoh area.
Archbishop Jala and Vellankal were in the back seat and it is not known who was driving the vehicle.
He said the government has already allocated thousands of crores for the roads in West Khasi Hills, including the PMGSY and National Highway, which was forgotten by the previous governments. The Minister also congratulated the MLA of Mawshynrut for his hard work in implementing and implementing the project. road in Maweit and it is through his follow-up that this road has reached the goal of victory which will benefit the people of this area.
The payment is Rs 170 crore and the remaining Rs 57 crore.
The meeting of the Fathers of the Catholic Church Zone-VI was concluded today with a Holy Mass conducted by Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh as the Chief Lyngdohsad. The meeting was attended by the faithful from the four parishes of Nongpoh, Umden, Umkadhor and Byrnihat.
Therefore, we need to be confident and confident in what we have.
The KKC Seinraij Jowai and the Kiang Nangbah Ïasiat Khnam Memorial Society (KNIKMS) have organized a funeral service on the second day. sword in the field of Kmaiblai, Syntu Ksiar.
If you get close to this mawbah, you can't see from end to end.
“As the government and all the residents we need to take this issue seriously because we have witnessed this climate change for ourselves.
He said that the meat farmers and those who work in these types of jobs are valuable workers in the field of providing food to the people.
In the 63rd minute, Seun scored the third goal through a ball from Bowari Khongstia.
In the toss, SCA-B scored 185 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 28 overs.
Police have received information that she has taken the child to Shillong where a team of police together with the family members of the child have taken the child to Shillong. The children have rushed to Shillong to release the child.
He also thanked the officers and staff of the Flood Department, who took special care in connection with the floods that happened on Tuesday in the Nondeiñ and Nonbah rivers.
These schemes have been funded by the Department of Development of the North Eastern Region (DoNER).
Furthermore, the word 'khah khah' can be an adjective and 'khari khari' can be an adverb; for example, 'This person comes more and more while the other comes more and more'
On this occasion, the Seng also held a 1 minute silence to express its sorrow in memory of the shooting of these members of the Seng.
Players: Suriti Kumari Ra (Shillong)-Captain Ankita Sharma (Ri Bhoi) Sanchisa M Sangma (Phulbari) – Vice Captain Mansi Anand – Shillong Abiezer K Syiem – Mairang Awesha G Momin- Tura Neelam Roy – Shillong Sistilin Ryntathiang- Mairang Emisakani Warjri – Mairang Dubleen Nengnong- Mairang Monica L Phawa – Mawryngkneng Marme M Sangma- Nengskonh Monycable Marbaniang- Mairang Janika R Marak- Nongalbibra Thymmeiingbakor L Mawnai – Mairang Pilika R Marak – Tura Innyi Nongma – Nongchian Mary Ninsto Fengkho - Nongalbibra Ritreki Pohshna - Jowai Support staff : Miss Kikam Bhutia - Head Coach - BCCI certified.
“We also urge the political parties not to mislead the people with anything that is only in the months before the election especially the youth. “It is dark and sad that in these three months if they need the people look for candidates, leaders, parties but in 4 years and 9 months if they are in trouble they look for the political parties,” he said.
In fact, the Government has already set the price of T.10 per kilometre, and if you drive more than 10 kilometres, you have to pay T.5 per kilometre. If you live 2 kilometers, the price is T.
The deceased are from East Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills districts.
Bonifast urged anyone who has found or met him to inform him by calling him on
The Seng requests the Rangbah Shnongs not to issue NOCs, especially to open Wine Stores, because when there are too many Wine Stores, they will cause harm to the youth and parents of the area. Wine Stores, when they are too many, are no different from the illegal liquor vendors who can destroy the society and finally the union warns the Excise Department not to issue licenses in those villages. good wine store.
Hamas announced that on Monday at 2:00 pm, they will release the six Thai citizens.
He said that the robbers were about nine persons suspected of using money to rob the ATM. The robbers also broke the door and entered the back of the ATM. ATM where they also cut the wires.
Through this increase, the Gross Base price for FM radio broadcasting will increase from T 52 to T 74 per 10 seconds.
“There were bomb blasts in three districts of Assam on 26th July, on the day of the Republic Day celebrations by the Indian government, involving the ULFA ( Joy Asom, member of the ULFA's press department, said in a statement. The editorial team is weak because there are many errors in everything. you article.
It was found that in the middle of the main road near the entrance to Marten, Marten garbage was scattered lyngktar in the middle of the road, plastic, niut ki nier without any collector.
Bah Nujorki Sungoh urged everyone to elect a person who is fluent in the language to convey to the Government the issues and needs of the people.
Producing handicrafts is difficult in many areas because siej and thri have to be purchased at high prices from elsewhere.
At the same time, he said that schools which have joined or recognized by the MBoSE, if they fail to release or pass 50 percent of their students for three years, will not be recognized.
The scheme was launched under the Rashtriya Uchchatar Education Abhiyan (RUSA) scheme and the aim is to make the college a Model College. June 2019.
Nathaniel Ryntathiang 30kg Male
The Minister urged the NEIPF to fight to document the unique snaps of the people of the North East.
Ltd', which is a private company and is not the website of the Education Department of the State Government or the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District. of the education department of the State Government.
“When depositing money through banks, witnesses should not just do anything wrong but should follow the path so that it doesn't cause problems,” said Bah Renik.
This year, the Prime Minister's NEP has allowed three languages ​​to be written in the engineering examination.
The Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong has received the sad news of the passing away of Rangbah Sumar Sing Sawian on the 7th June,
Speaking to the teachers, Bah Process T Sawkmie urged the teachers to stand firm in their demand until they get the results they demand.
“These Centers aim to provide the rural youth with a place where they can explore and learn about their talents.
On this occasion, the MRSSA 2016 should be amended, whether ILP or not. Finally, the State Government led by Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister, should have sent an amendment as soon as possible. The ILP Bill was convened today and the Special Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly was passed by all 60 MLAs. and submitted to Hon'ble Home Minister Amit Shah to do what is necessary as was done in Manipur, because it is not to abolish ILP for Meghalaya alone.
I decided to appeal by calling MIIS. I was surprised when I received a call from MIIS informing me that my documents are still in the Secretariat.
At such times, when the temperature is rising rapidly around the world, during the summer, the White House is preparing its technology to block the heat of the sun, that it will not burn the earth and that it will not lead to the death and loss of lives or to the destruction of agriculture and rivers.
New Delhi: Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar today said that the BJP will reach 50 seats in the 2024 MP elections if all the opposition parties unite to contest. against this political party.
The incident took place at 8:30 pm on Tuesday in Kanggui area of ​​Kangpokpi district of Manipur.
“I have urged the BJP leaders to urge the party workers and mandal leaders for this.
The UDP, which is the largest ethnic party in Meghalaya, has no new presence in Garo Hills.
Meanwhile, Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh said that as politicians, we should not be happy only to get special shares while the people do not get in the appointment in central government offices.
The BJP government has said that the reduction in the price of gas cylinders is to reduce the expenditure of the people due to the high price of commodities.
Tejashwi Yadav said that Nitish Kumar's insulting remarks against him were a blessing to him and his family.
He also urged the CMC to inform him if there is any need, whether it is small or large.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NCP) Meghalaya today clarified the allegation by Mukul Sangma that Saleng has not done anything for the constituency he leads.
However, on the 2nd of this month, the MPCC summoned Albinus and lifted his suspension and said that if he wants to apply for the Congress ticket, he can apply now.
Children, young people and young people, I urge you to walk in the right path, to speak and act and to speak and tell others with good manners and also to listen to them. The discipline of your parents will build up your character.
The curfew will be in force from 8 pm to 6 pm from 8 pm to 6 pm from 8th June 2020 until to 31st January 2020.
Police have also recovered two robbery knives from the place where the robbers used to rob the place.
At the same time, the Church invites all the brothers and sisters from different churches and other churches to attend this service and receive the blessings of the Lord.
She also alleged that the party has a vision of the desire and aspiration of the people of the state to improve the quality of education in the state and has brought many training centres. , health facilities and other assistance in the state.
Meanwhile, 19,06,657 people have not been admitted at all, according to the report released today in Assam.
Acharya arrived in Shillong on March 20 and stayed for four days to meet with party leaders in the state, various departments and other non-Congress members.
Nongpoh, Nailar, 21: With a strong spirit and love to care for the elderly who have no caregivers and caretakers, so that they can live again as their own family, the Kripa Foundation under the supervision of Victoria Wahlang today inaugurated a Kripa Victoria Senior Citizen Home in Umroi.
Laitkor SC won 3-0 and reached the semi-finals.
“I don't know whether we will have time to meet as a Cabinet to discuss this issue, if we have the opportunity, it will be tomorrow,” said Prestone.
Until now, the people are in the dark whether the Clean Political Campaign (CPC) is the group of Ardent himself or the group of the HSPDP. Many are surprised at the support of the PDF by the HSPDP which now has only 3 MDCs. The HSPDP used to oppose the PDF. The Executive Committee of Bah Pynshngaiñ in KHADC and there was a time when the KHADC dorbar was very tense when Bah Ardent was an MDC. Ardent and Mr. Pynshngaiñ.
What puts us in the dark is why the Khasi States or the Federation of Khasi States at that time did not appeal to any court of competent jurisdiction.
These people from Assam were tall and strong, so Syiem Manar and his army ran after them and settled in Nongrim.
Nongpoh: U Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare MLA Mawhati, together with the office bearers of the NPP Mawhati Block Committee, today met with Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, to discuss many issues. development projects related to Mawhati Constituency.
On the same day, the Dienkhlam ka Doh was also erected and after that the households of Niamtre erected small Dienkhlam in their homes.
Shillong, March 09: The Meghalaya Students' Association (MeSAN) team from Nirjuli, Arunachal Pradesh, has organized the Inter-Batch Football Tournament Remember Bah Justland Diengdoh.
Shaukat Ali was forced to eat pork, which is forbidden to Muslims.
From going to the market, cooking and so on, your body needs many ways to get complete health.
“There are about 1.7 lakh residents in South Garo Hills, but the amount of sugar sent to South Garo Hills is too high and if used all, the residents can get diseases from sugar.
These crops are able to survive and grow even in areas affected by the weather and environmental conditions, especially during the dry season.
The book, which was released worldwide in the presence of the scientist's daughter, Lucy Hawking, is entitled "Brief Answers to the Brief Questions"
On the other hand, the results of the HSSLC-Arts examination, which was announced on the same day, showed that the pass percentage was 80.30%.
It is true that Dr. John Roberts said that there were two types of rule at that time but it is impossible not to look at the other side of the conviction of Dr. John Roberts who said that the country and the nation is one and the same.
In Calcutta he suffered severely and on the 16th of November, 1849 he passed away while his soul was still burning to defend the rights of the Khasi.
The union has conducted these raids in different districts of the state especially in Shillong which has become one of the capitals.
These are just a few of the issues that can encourage the Congress leaders from now on.
In Tonk, nine cases were reported from Tablighi Jamaat at Nizamuddin Markaz, nine others from Maharashtra, seven from Jharkhand and one from Jharkhand. They are the ones who attended the Tablighi Jamaat.
At this meeting, one voice came from all the speakers and that the government should take action without delay on the original report of Justice (retd) T Vaiphei otherwise there will be a mass protest.
Besides Ram, Akash Kumar Choudhury also played well with the ball by finishing all the innings with 10/79 – after taking three wickets yesterday.
The song was attended by Khasi tyngshops and singers, including Mayralborn Maring, Nisha Wahlang Khamti Nongrum, Risuk Lapang, Sunil Makri, Shanbor Lapang and others.
Shillong: The delay of the 108 ambulance to pick up a man, who died at home, has caused anger and anger among his relatives.
On the 26th December, 2017, the Administrative Body of Nakuchi Village has donated this land to the Hima Mylliem for the improvement of the surrounding area.
This is in addition to the recently approved Nutrient Based Subsidy of T.38,000 crore for the Kharif season in 2023-2
The most important thing is the availability of ventilated rooms, adequate seating, distance from seating and wearing of masks and other rules necessary to open schools, he said. Paul.
They were welcomed by the party leaders under the leadership of Working President Wailadmiki Shylla and Hamlet Dohling, party Spokesperson HM Shangpliang, Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA, Daniel Thangkhiew, Nongrem, Bah Bajop Pyngrope and others.
The meeting was held at Enowell Hall, Amlarem in the presence of the War Jaintia Village Authorities, Jowai and Mupyut Village Authorities and the eight villages affected by the garbage dump in Mynkjai.
MPS, Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Lakador Syiem, has issued a public notice to inform all Rangbah Shnongs, VDP members and the public that there is a fraud affecting the people of West Jaintia Hills District. These days through online or Cyber ​​Fraud by clicking on unknown links that come through SMS messages and various websites which leads to fraud.
This will not only protect them but will also prevent the spread to humans.
Tyrshang won the tiebreaker 4-3. The opening ceremony was attended by MDC JHADC from Ummulong Moodymmai Jesse Suiam in the presence of Waheh Shnong Namdong B Damian S War and others. the elders of the area.
The union leader urged all the village leaders, market residents, shopkeepers and concerned citizens to join in the procession.
The residents or students of the state are urged to call this number if they need any assistance due to the damage caused by the incident.
According to them, the proposed power outage at such times will have a serious impact on the students who will sit for various examinations from SSLC, HSSLC and others which will start soon.
Thus Jesus contradicted the Jews in terms of understanding the Law.
He said that in America too they use ballot papers why not in India which is a democratic country like America.
A total of 14 people have died of COVID-19, bringing the total number of deaths to 1062 on Friday.
According to the seized documents, there was allegedly no detail about the payment to the seller.
She said she also discussed the problems of BSNL in the state and urged it to provide better services to the people.
They also requested the MLA from 4 Mowkaiaw Constituency to take action to defend this statement against Thangraiñ in the Legislative Assembly.
In 2008-2010 he was sent to Nagaon Assam to complete Class XI-XII and in the same year (2010) he left the Salvatorian Society with the help of (L) Most. Rev. Vincent Kympat, went to join the Diocesan Group.
The course of Calcutta University, which was established in 1857, is more difficult and includes many subjects such as recognized Indian languages, English, various mathematics, leading sciences. , subjects Humanities and so on : and the grade has been set to pass at a higher level in analytical, critical, standard essay, analytical and memorization through methods of study, the development of the basic sciences (Chemistry, Physics, Biology, Botany, Mathematical).
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the state government plans to benefit up to 1 lakh children through the Meghalaya Early Childhood Development Mission (MECDM).
Investigate : means to investigate, to investigate is to ask and examine thoroughly; ring is not the same; saiphla is the key to telling or finding the truth.
Former Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh, who resigned as Chief Minister of Punjab at the behest of Sidhu, today accused Sidhu of not being strong-minded and not He is the only one who is eligible to take over the post in Punjab, which borders India.
Man City's stadium is one of 10 stadiums included in one of the bids between England and Ireland for the right to host the European Championship in .
If the government feels that the paths taken by the ARPA MDCs are illegal against the Constitution, why don't they arrest us,” said Bah Basaiawmoit. soon saying that the people's leaders who were sworn in according to the Constitution of the country have tried to mislead the people.
Briefly reviewing Timothy's political career, this veteran political leader is one of the leaders who in his career, has experienced victory and defeat since that he started contesting elections in
He said that the sad thing is for the sick and the school children who go to school in Nongpoh and other schools, where due to the road conditions they have to take off their shoes to walk. The road is also difficult for vehicles to travel which has caused problems to the people.
K.Borah, who has been able to provide solar energy to all 20 households in the village and two churches. “We have a lot of electricity because it is solar, but it has been a great help to the residents,” said the Waheh Shnong. It is expected that the CSR department will also improve the road to make it easier for the residents to travel, as at present the residents are walking from their homes. The road is still in poor condition, there is a part of the road that is prone to landslides and in this part the company has built a bridge and a strong embankment to prevent the water from flooding the road. road to avoid landslides.
The first politics starts from the village where the people need to elect Rangbah Shnongs who know and understand and who have the desire to serve the people.
In this regard, it was learned that Zahiruddin had collaborated with a man named Rahim who is currently on the run from the police.
Shillong, Nailur 1: A Sumo on its way from Pynursla to Shillong has collided with another vehicle at 8 pm this morning. collided with a Maruti coming from Ri-Bhoi to Pynursla.
However, one of the challenges faced by the ASHAs is the inaccurate payment, but they are shedding their blood to help the people even in this time of crisis to fight against the spread of Covid-1
As usual every year, the Behdieñkhlam festival today started with various festivals.
The Vice President of the HYC, Donbok Kharlyngdoh, said that the HYC has received information that some students have applied for a place at the university and some have already paid their class fees. However, no training has been provided yet, he said, adding that if there are any students who have been involved in the accident, they should inform the union.
The villages most affected by the cyclone are Lawkynter, Thangmaw and Mawroh Laitdom.
In the past, the government was very poor because of the lack of revenue, lack of jobs and it was more difficult to get enough money from the central government as we have witnessed these days. the problem.
“You’re a child.
This is the way the Khasi understands his way of life.
You can also contact the Expenditure Observer by phone on 6033416280 or Landline 03655-2
Out of the 50, 48 received 50,000/-.
In commemoration of the death anniversary of Woh Tep, a wreath laying ceremony was held at the memorial of Woh Tep Kyndait. President Bah Streamly S.Suchen, Seiñ Raij Tuber and other groups and Raijs.
However, the RKVY scheme was launched by the Central Government to promote the growth of fish production in the state as well as other livestock such as cattle and pigs.
During the hearing, it was also brought to the attention of the court that the complainants have been threatened by people or persons involved in the illegal coal trade.
Up to 93822 people have been infected in the past few years but 92227 people have recovered.
In a statement, CSWO President Kong Agnes said that this is a violation of the rights of the unemployed youth who have the desire to fight in the right way.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
“When we look at the situation, and what is happening in this state, we can see that the people are confused and disappointed with the rule of this government and want another one,” said Dr Mawthoh. .
According to the list, the number of non-included in districts bordering Bangladesh like South Salmara is 7.22 per cent, Dhubri 8.26 per cent and Karimganj 7.67 per cent.
He said that the Mawkyrwat Block Committee has not yet been able to renew the full committee but the Adhoc President has to run the work and maybe soon the changes in the Mawkyrwat Block Committee will be with their decision. The party at the meeting decided to wait for that time because it is understood that many other political parties have the intention to join the NPP. “But he has a spirit of happiness because changes are coming,” said Bah Nongrem.
As a group of journalists from Ri-Bhoi, we are deeply saddened to hear that Bah Ronald Syiem has passed away due to physical illness. He is one of the journalists who has a spirit of cooperation with his fellow journalists who has served for a long time.
When this happens, all kinds of animals and birds will flee and migrate far away and the greatest loss will not be to us but to our children and future generations.
The Sena women's wing threatened to beat up the actress at the airport when she landed in Mumbai.
All operations including private banks within the border of Ladrymbai will be closed until further notice.
“I went to see the place myself and it was a very strange incident.
The KHCF is the forum for Tynrai village in Mawphlang and the forum is chaired by the EM incharge of Arts and Culture Department of the District Council, Neil Antonio War, MDC Laitumkhrah. and Mr. Allan West as Secretary.
It is for this reason that the government has decided to release more funds to complete this project.
Through this report, the people will understand how much they can trust their lives to the Government.
On the same day, JBB&FA will also hold a Lucky Draw for 1st Prize: 50,000/-, 2nd Prize: 20,000/- and 3rd Prize: 10,0
The State of Meghalaya has turned 50 years old and is one of the States of the Indigenous Peoples and therefore the provisions and provisions of the Constitution have been amended to separate and protect the State.
He said that if the BJP leaders are willing to give independence to the BJP Meghalaya, the BJP in Delhi, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh will not fight against the BJP in Delhi, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh like the AITC. .
The Khasi Hills is the land of blood, the land where our ancestors bought these beautiful mountains, as the children of Hynniewtrep each and every one has the right and the freedom. It is also the responsibility of the Chairman to prevent the invasion of foreigners, smuggling or benami, the impersonation of foreigners as contractors is one of the most serious threats to the nation. you don't need to be immediately.
They themselves are not allowed to lose these kinds of foods and drinks that come from the cow, even the cow's milk.
He said that it appears that this government has only a cabinet which is biased to implement schemes only in the constituencies of the government ministers and it is as if they are not ministers of the state.
These are just a few brief suggestions that I would like to share, I believe you know better about yourself, how to work? How to walk and stand.
They have eaten, drunk, lived, earned, lived and lived for more than 40 years in the fertile land of Assam and not only. However, these 19 lakh people have elected many MLAs/MDCs, MPs and many officers, police, soldiers and how shocking it has been. Indeed, it is clear that they are not worthy, not even to own the rights of the people of Assam.
With only ten days left to meet face to face, the mother and Peter had already prepared the question to face each other because it was the custom that the first word was good or bad. Now.
The Seng has demanded that the resolution should be canceled immediately and demanded that the recruitment quota should be implemented.
These pictures were also spread on social media and after that they lodged a complaint with the DC. “These trucks came without proper documents and continued to violate the laws. related to exports (Bangladesh).
They include 14 from Mumbai and one from Pune.
Leaders of various churches of Manipur in the past few days have taken steps to stand together to fight against illegal activities related to illegal farming Poppy flowers in Manipur especially in different districts of the state.
Ardent said this at a meeting held at the Additional Secretariat today.
Gadru's brother-in-law, who used to live with Gadru in British Columbia, Canada, said he did his best to help get Gadru's body to his relatives and mothers. Your father is in India.
The union also urged that the daily stocks of food items such as rice, dai, sugar, shana and others should be displayed in the shops.
Many have filed cases in the Supreme Court in the hope that the Court will rule that the actions of the Government of India are unlawful.
It cannot be implemented immediately because there has to be a thorough discussion which can take time because there needs to be a consensus among the stakeholders,” he said.
At the same time, the KHADC has also ordered the Chief Forest Officer to pay 1 lakh tyngka per month out of the 5 lakh tyngka that he was fined as the head of the Forest Department. steal on the sale of trees.
Speaking to media, Tynsong said that due to the rapid increase of covid-19 especially in Shillong, the government has decided to close all shops in Shillong. shop at 7 pm from tomorrow.
It can be said here that due to the corruption of the political system in our state, Bah Deng is no longer able to return to state politics.
The judge said that the main idea in relation to the powers of the Rangbah Shnong is very different from what it is now and said that the Rangbah Shnong should be the elder of the Shnong and who has a good understanding, who understands the relationship with others and who prevents any acts of conflict and who is elected by the people and who receives the sanction of the Syiem.
Of the 4,106 deaths, Maharashtra (974), followed by Karnataka with 403, among others.
The leader of the union said that in fact the Forest Department should be ashamed when even the Forest Survey of India according to its recent report shows that not 77% percent of the land in Meghalaya is forest. However, only 2% of those areas are truly forest areas and it is a great shame for the state to know that the Forest Department does not see and know the destruction of forests in the state but rather the Forest Survey of India which has The HPSO also demanded that the government should remove these factories and the HPSO also suggested to the government to plant trees so that the rest of the villagers can plant and cultivate. Shillong, November 4: Members of the BJP today conducted a cleanliness drive in the surrounding areas of Shillong. They also conducted a cleanliness drive in Khyn Dailad, and in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, the street vendors, shopkeepers and passers-by came to participate. place.
No one is allowed to leave without valid reasons.
The new leaders of FKJP Mawthadraishan Circle are President John Marngar, Vice President Michael Marweiñ, General Secretary Silenstar Kharbani and others.
Now, with Sonia Gandhi's election as the leader or chairperson, the opportunity has opened up for her to elect the leader of the Lok Sabha, although it is not clear whether she will elect Rahul or someone else. He is a member of the Lok Sabha.
On the other hand, these youths also want a full explanation from the police department why they refuse to release their names when they have higher marks than those who were selected in the interview which was decided to be held on the 11th of this month.
Explaining that the letter sent by the Government was to invite the party to discuss the Reservation Roster, he said that the party has rejected the invitation and will not attend the meeting because The party stands firmly on the ground...that is, to demand a thorough review of the Reservation Policy.
On this occasion, the Seinraij Jowai expresses its deep sorrow over the sudden death of Ma Passah.
“The reason for taking this decision to hold the MLA election from Khliehriat is because of the decline in the income of the residents, which has affected them in all aspects,” said Ma Damewanhi.
If we say that we have not sinned, we make him a liar, and his word is not in us.
Before joining the JYF, Brightstar Chyrmang was the Working President of the JYF.
Wansiewdor Nengnong scored in the 21st and 90+3 minutes, Basuklang Bina in the 45+2 minutes and Knerktilang Buam in the 58th and 63rd minutes.
Kharkongor said the election went smoothly except for the temporary rain and when the rain stopped the polling went smoothly again. vote at Laitiam Polling Station which was resolved shortly after.
“I would like to thank the Athletics Federation of India for giving me the opportunity to take part in the national team,” said Bah Pariat.
The remaining polling day is on the 13th and it is expected that many people will leave their homes to go to the polling station to wait for the winner. Who will be the new MLA of Sohiong Constituency?
The second is the Prime Minister Bharatiya Jan Urvark Pariyojana (PMBJUP) who will launch a fertilizer called “BHARAT” which is a type of medicinal fertilizer. including all types of fertilizers for the benefit of different types of plants.
“I will tell you, we politicians are not intelligent and know all the subjects, we don't know all the topics, maybe you as journalists don't know all.
Prestone was speaking at the NPP election campaign rally in Wahiajer, West Jaintia Hills, today to urge the people to vote for their candidate, Ampareen. Priest.
Bipin (2/23 in 8 overs), PM Santhosh (2/25 in 10 overs), Manish Sharma (1/54 in 20 overs) also took wickets. and Abhishek Kumar (1/64 in 13 overs).
The chief guest on the occasion was Rgh Dipshon.
This teaches us all, who hear or read this message, that we must accept even the evil when it is from the hand of God that everything happens.
Today and tomorrow are ours.
It is for this reason that all the government run companies, from MeECL to MCCL, have failed.
“The aim of the RSS is to spread that India first and foremost belongs to Hindus.
The SSA teacher who received the award is Kong Niawki Samati, a teacher at Lummynso Upper Primary School, Ummulong, West Jaintia Hills District.
All the speakers congratulated Bah Sawkmie for his responsibility as an MDC for the village.
Many times when I remember,You, my Father;My heart is broken, my people are sad,To think of you, Father.
Speaking on the occasion, the EM of KAAC, Syrya Rongphar and the leaders of AMKA said that the message they spread through this meeting is to maintain peace and stability in Meghalaya among the ethnic groups. Karbi and Khasi peoples.
He said that he has already said that at the beginning of the investigation it seems that there is something that needs to be taken into account in relation to the use of vehicles. The delay, the misuse but as it turns out there are signs that it is not a scam as alleged.
“This year we are launching a Poster and Banner Campaign in memory and tribute to the five who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country and the nation.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The BJP leader in charge of Meghalaya, Nalin Kohli, on Tuesday said that the invitation to meet with religious leaders is not a political issue but an opportunity to discuss issues. on many problems and how to bring about improvement and development.
According to the family members, these friends who had gone with him came to inform the house after he had disappeared from the khwai and immediately the family members informed the village. The villagers have taken the initiative to search for the Rangbah in the area where he went missing, but until now no trace has been found and the villagers will continue to conduct a public search.
I Kshiar (80) for Nongthymmai, Mat Makri (16) and Samborlang Nongbsap (26) for Nongthymmai.
NATO defense ministers have met in Brussels to discuss the war between Russia and Ukraine.
At the meeting, the speakers discussed how to develop scientific methods to manage rivers for the benefit of the people of neighboring countries like Bangladesh, Bhutan, Myanmar and Nepal.
Paul Olphindro Lyngkot SDB – Provincial of the Salesian Congregation of Shillong Province with Ph.
“Dep come my Father.
Therefore, the union, at its meeting, on 18th November 2014, decided to implement a strike from 23rd November onwards.
Referring to the 30 years of MUPSTA, the President said that the MUPSTA has taken action to help and solve the problems of the teachers of the Upper Primary School.
““Because the voters are wise, they have blessed me and are free to contact me at any time.
Former Bihar Chief Minister Jagannath Mishra was also sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs 2 lakh. JD(U) MP Jagdish Prasad has been sentenced to four years in jail and fined T.5 lakh. a fine of T.30 lakh and imprisonment for five years.
Khliehriat Police have seized 69.196 kilograms of heroin from a Swift Maruti car after a shrip on the NH-06 at Kongong village. involved on Friday.
The decision was handed down by Justice Mohammad Yaqoob Mir, Chief Justice SR Sen.
The number of people infected with the virus worldwide has now reached 25 million and in the United States alone, it has reached 6 million.
The containment in these four villages has been extended after receiving a report from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare that the spread of COVID-19 in these villages has decreased after the completion of tests and people at risk. you have been infected with the disease.
The Leader of the Opposition in the House, Dr Mukul Sangma, has strongly criticized Tuliram Ranghang, CEM of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) for his statement against the residents of the village. Mucroh.
“For this purpose, the meat slaughterhouse in Mawïong is clean, adequate and safe to eat,” said Bah Umlong.
Tip only who knows.
Theirit Lyngdoh, one of the owners of the houses, said that the government's arrest of Agnes is groundless because she is only a helper to those who don't know A or B. in fact, the government should have arrested us landlords.
For that reason, it is necessary to know our origins from the beginning and not that the division in the present government should be the cause of blood differences.
Of course, it cannot be said that the greatest loss will be to the children or to the family, which here too has been heard of the gold and silver jewels, which Rgh Donkupar Dkhar left behind.
In the 1st Division match between Nongkynjang SC and Nongstoiñ FT, the match ended in a 1-1 draw.
He said that government schools during the rainy season, children have to wear shatri inside the school, health centers don't have doctors, roads like horse roads, agriculture don't have policies but this is not the case. the present government does not see these.
There are three priests from the Franciscan Order of Asisi under the leadership of Father Stephan Lamin.
If the former Rangbah Shnong cannot explain within these days, the union will take other steps, or to seek information through RTI, so that all the facts will be revealed. he added.
The MDCs who have been appointed as EMs are Paul Lyngdoh (UDP), Grace Mary Kharpuri (India), Rangkynsai Kharbuki (NPP), Victor Ranee (NPP), Mitchell Wankhar (NPP), Macdalyn Mawlong (PDF), Teiborlang Pathaw (UDP), Martle N Mukhim (HSPDP), Jambor War (UDP).
Meanwhile, sources from the Secretariat said that from the time the prime minister was busy campaigning for his wife until the end of the election and even after the announcement of the results, the prime minister has not been able to campaign for his wife. The state has not yet entered the Secretariat for almost six months.
At this time, many people are in confusion about the decisions to open markets, lift curfew and other decisions of the state government or the administration authorities due to the broadcast of two or midnight news. that border district.
The Central Excise Duty on petrol and diesel is T.32.98 and T.31.83 per litre, while the State Government's VAT in Delhi is T. .16.44 per liter for petrol and T.16.26 per liter for diesel.
He said that in relation to Integrated Farming, the Seng has previously conducted such training funded by Asian Development in three villages, Wahiajer, Ksehrynchang and Moosakhia.
The three-day Inter School Sports meet, which started today and will end on 5th June 2022, was inaugurated by Umroi MLA, Bah George B. Lyngdoh as the chief guest. Samla Cornelius Laloo was also present as the chief guest.
“I am confident that this will be a smooth and orderly process without any inconvenience,” said Bah Surong.
Eating this fruit every day can reduce the risk of developing many serious diseases.
The Legislative Assembly of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has approved to increase the salaries of the Chairman, Deputy Chairman and Executive Members. and Allowances Bill, 2019 and was approved to be sent to the Governor on 25th November this year.
According to police sources, the youth had covered himself with a blanket and placed himself in the sky light/ventilator of the house. you along.
Finally, she also spoke on the importance of her research in order to provide advice on practical issues.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government today approved the implementation of the Meghalaya Right to Free and Compulsory Education Act
They also mentioned the statement of the MSGEF (Meghalaya State Government Employees' Federation) who expressed their concern over the government's decision. “It should start with the withdrawal of the notice by the 5th of this month,” said the General Secretary of the Union, Bah RL Blah.
The HNLC also said that the uranium mining project is more dangerous and affects all species.
When they come back to the Dorbar to discuss, those Nongiam or Nongmihkhmat do not know how to discuss or advocate for the benefit of the citizens of the state or especially of the nation.
The guidance of his mother has benefited him because it is as if he is writing down his discoveries in his brain.
Guwahati: Munna Baruah, the youngest son of Paresh Barua, the top leader of the ULFA (I), has been missing since Friday from Digboi in Tinsukia district of Upper Assam.
They also said that the policies of the Government related to the pharmaceutical industry will help them a lot.
I want to go and sit down again,” said the brother.
He urged the public that if there are any robbers, they should take a picture of the number plate and send it to the party or the DTO office for action.
A few days ago, the BSF had arrested 218 cows smuggled to Bangladesh and earlier they had seized 12 cows and after that they are still seized. The meat farmers said that none of these cows was auctioned to the meat farmers and they went back to Bangladesh.
However, the Executive Committee (EC) of JHADC led by Thombor Shiwat as Chief Executive Member (CEM) has taken a decision to increase the powers of the council and it will be a bad example in the future.
The program was also organized in collaboration with the Laskein Block Tourism and Promotion Society.
HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin said the purpose of the complaint to the MHRC is to confirm the ownership of land in the border area with Assam including the villages in Langpih.
The order, signed by Vijay Kumar, Under Secretary to the Government of India, Ministry of Education, states that the President of the country has approved the transfer of the Shukla, to hold the post for a term of five years, until he reaches the age of
Their wedding ceremony was held at Umaid Bhavan in Jodhpur.
He said that it was the PDF that was the last to join hands to form the MDA II Government and it was not that they wanted to take power.
Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem said that Jerry Maya Lamare, 18, was a prisoner who was wanted by the police after his escape on the 11th.
The song was sung and acted by Khraw Umdor and Vitalis Kurbah.
Mann was speaking after holding an emergency Cabinet meeting at his residence in Chattisgarh.
Shillong, November 4: Six days after the government of Narendra Modi suspended the new schemes under the North East Industrial and Investment Promotion Policy (NEIIPP) 2007, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma today. Palei said that the state governments of the North Eastern Region of India will join hands to express their opposition to this.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong has strongly condemned the contractor for the illegal work of the Residential School and said that they have already told the contractor to work well but he has not listened to the village authorities. they couldn’t do anything.
JOWAI: The Legislative Assembly of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Friday approved the budget of T.19.99 for this year.
Prestone Tynsong said that before Ampareen Lyngdoh, the leader of the Congress party, can say anything on his statement at the meeting, she should have read it thoroughly. All the words he spoke that day, because according to the statement of Kong Amapreen, it was understood that she read only one line and not the whole line.
At the same time, he said that the party will build a statue of Hoping Stone Lyngdoh at Mawphanlur village.
Umsyaid helps to strengthen the body, improve digestion, improve the functioning of the body and reduce the accumulation of unnecessary substances inside the body.
Other UDP ministers have been fighting for the post between Nujorki Sungoh, UDP MLA from Mokaiaw and SK Sunn. He joined the UDP after winning Mawphlang.
The Resident Director of the company, Devender Bansal said that Star Cement and its group of companies will conduct the installation at all the factories of the company in the North East.
Dr War said that many of the people in the past five days who have met the Prime Minister include MLAs, officers, members of the Sengbhalang and members of the Dorbar Shnongs. .
Scott served as the Leader of Jaïaw Constituency for two terms from 1993 to
When asked whether they have been walking up and down to find people, they replied that they used to walk together at various meetings held by the police. establish.
Nongpoh, Nailur 04: A woman has died in a tragic accident in Nongpoh today after being hit by a truck no.
On the 6th of November, a special training was held on how to glamorization of traditional food.
Senior contractors of the state were allowed to enter the house, while journalists were not allowed to enter even their vehicles.
In terms of schools, there is still a shortage of teachers in many areas especially in Primary, UP and school teachers.
They were rich; The people are still in darkness because we are not quick to ask questions to the government when it does something wrong.
According to the rules of the scheme, those who have been recruited will be known as Agniveers and according to the Services Acts they will work for only four years.
Shillong: Shillong: The rainfall in Shillong today was 45.2mm, while today it was 12.5mm; In Sohra, it was 171.0mm today and 45.4mm today.
At 8 pm, there will be a football match between the MDCs and the employees of the District Council at Madan Heh, Mawplai Phudmuri.
“We are pleased to inform you that the Government of India has cooperated and we have discussed from time to time all the requirements and now it has released the funds for the two.
When the meeting was over, we put money in three envelopes.
This shows that the Congress has won only 20 out of 60 seats.
The 32-year-old headed in a free kick from Bruno Fernandes.
If it is true that those MDCs have changed their minds or changed their minds as written in the newspapers, that is not good.
The match lasted for 10 minutes until the 70th minute when Laitkor SC managed to separate through a goal from Ryngkat Yanni Rangksai.
After the ritual, a dance was held on the hill.
However, here, the MLAs/MDCs are serving two masters and this is a violation of the Constitution of India.
In the second half, Pommura SC beat Diengpasoh 1-0 with a goal from Andy Star Kharsati (54min).
Nangsan Shaphrang Kynter took four wickets while Damechwa Khongsngi took three wickets.
The issue to be discussed here is not what has happened in the District Council, but how the Speaker of KHADC will conduct himself in the coming days, when he has three reasons. The Congress, which is his mother party, has been formed, followed by the PDF and the NPP. The Rangbah Shnong, who has been protesting against the MUDA Act, has started to violate the Instrument of Accession (IOA) signed by the Khasi Syiems and the Government of India. ; But the issue here is that if he is alone, he cannot do anything and the road is blocked from all sides and therefore we don't know whether he will turn to the UDP or the BJP. At present, we can say that this leader is in a state of emergency, because he is alone in KHADC and we don't know whether he will be able to get the IOA. The confidence of the MDC Congress, but even there is not easy and if so, perhaps there is a threat to his seat as Speaker of the House, because the NPP and UDP, have become thlong mluh thlong sying. he is a great man in these days.
He said that this scheme has been implemented by the government to improve the income of the people to be able to stand on their own feet who have the desire to take up self-employment.
During the interrogation, Hufeza confessed that they had been involved in drug trafficking for some time.
“I was shot by a small boy who was about 40 years old and short in stature and he shot me with a gun and he fell into the Bible in my hand,” he said. say more and more.
HNAM also urged the government to install an automatic battery-powered alarm bell so that those who open the dam can climb the hills to avoid drowning.
And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white: for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints.
Nickson said that the appearance of mobile phone dealers is one of the illegal activities. “Look at these mobile dealers who stand near Bimola, they sell mobile phones with Nokia written on them. Thlen who don't know what to do, especially the people from the villages, he sent the price of T.4000 tyngka. “It's a good idea to have a CD or cassette dealer who sells illegally sold cassettes,” said Nickson. If you look far away, you have a good view, but inside, you have a bad view.
Banteidor was the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the Health Mela today at Holy Cross Higher Secondary School, Mawkynrew organized by the National Health Mission, Meghalaya in collaboration with the DMHO, East Khasi Hills. This program has benefited the residents of dozens of villages in the Mawkynrew area.
One of the issues that we need to prepare for is that many changes will come in the future especially the policies or actions of the government in an effort to revive the economy of the country and other sectors due to the impact of the This disease, the cyclone Amphan, the affected agriculture for many reasons and other events that we cannot see in advance.
Kejriwal said the shortage of breath is the most dangerous for those infected with the corona virus.
“The passage of the CAA in Parliament has created fear and distrust and we too have had the same concern and for this reason we have accepted the decision but what is the intention of the MDA government? “They don't have time to implement the ILP,” he said.
The incident occurred in the Chinese city of Dongguan on Tuesday.
Dear friends, please suggest your part to contribute to this great work.
Shillong: Bisani S. Marak, (35), wife of Joba A. Sangma of Rongsa Awe, South Garo Hills, along with five children, has gone missing from her home in Nongrimmaw, Shillong. from 14th November 2021.
Police said that after a thorough investigation, it was found that the suspect was a coal trader and the money was carried by him to buy coal shallans.
The party said that the government has wasted the money of the people and now that the elections are approaching, it has started to spread schemes like rice cultivation in the desert.
There are many Himas in Hynniewtrep as mentioned above and our country during the time of Dr. John Roberts was under the rule of the British. Dr. John Roberts was a member of the Welsh Mission. You can work in our country with the permission of the British Government.
North Garo Hills has 22 cases and Ribhoi has
“At the same time, he said that the Council will visit every village to explain and explain that it is strictly prohibited to spray drugs on dohum dohpnat.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the vehicle.
“This is a challenge for us in this MP election so we have to win.
There were 11 winners who reached the final which was held on Saturday night but the winner was won by Ri-War while the second winner was won by Ri-War. Pinky Sunn is from Mairang.
Of course we have heard of Bengali New Year, Assemse New Year, Chinese New Year and others, but all these remain in the traditional ways while the year AD of the Lord Jesus is celebrated throughout the year. Many people along with the celebration of the New Year want to renew not only the year, but also their own lives. hi.
He said that the Ri Bhoi Dorbar's main wish is that all the leaders of Ri Bhoi should be aware of the Reservation Policy and the Roster System. Ri Bhoi as the people's leaders should give the same voice so that all the suggestions from Ri Bhoi can be submitted to the Expert Committee.
Other dams, including Chembarambakkam, Poondi, Red Hills and Cholavaram, which supply water to Chennai, have also flooded.
“He said that the cleaning of Wahumkhrah is through the allocation of funds from the Central Government to the State and the State to the Government Department and expressed his gratitude to the Government through the SMB for taking this step and believes in it. that cleanliness alone cannot do anything without laws and procedures.
“Then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
Only the remains of the deceased were recovered from the vehicle, according to police.
In October 1908, students led by Babu Dohory Ropmay and Chandra Nath Roy met to protest against the new rules of Calcutta University.
Officers of the Inquiry Wing have also been appointed.
However, when you work in any company, you have to act according to the rules set by the company and those rules are strict.
After scoring 3/43 in the first innings, Apandanka finished with 7/9
This is the first time that cyclists/mountain bikers from the state have been selected to represent India.
The SSLC examination will start from 19th June 2021 and end on 3rd June 2021 and the HSSLC will start from 16th June 2021 and end on 12th June
Students have the opportunity to choose the subjects according to their wishes,” said Bah Marbaniang.
Lalchhandama Ralte, Minister in charge of Education in Mizoram, said there were 6,366 students from Myanmar, 250 from Bangladesh and 1,503 from the state. They came from Manipur to attend schools in the state.
Bah Jyllud is involved in many theft cases and has been arrested and escaped many times. He was arrested from Umdihar in November 2017 and later, he was arrested again in April 2017 from Laitumkhrah. He was remanded in custody at Nongpoh until he escaped again yesterday.
Shillong, Jymmang 22 :U Congress MLA from Umsning, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh on Friday urged the state government to request the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences, Imphal to set up some departments such as radiology. for the training of doctors from Meghalaya.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bhabok Sungoh, General Secretary of the NPP Youth Wing 1-Nartiang Constituency, Dame Dhar, President of the NPP Youth Wing 1-Nartiang Constituency and others. of.
It is estimated that 500 acres of Eri cocoon land (400 acres are new and 100 acres are existing) will generate revenue of T.60,000/- to 70,000/- per acre/per year according to the price. of rusom and including the sale of nianglong soap.
Speaking to reporters, KSU Mawkyrwat Circle President Rutherford Lyngdoh said that the meeting was held on two issues. One of the main issues was to remind the District Selection Committee (DSC) of South West Khasi Hills District which has been held since July. and June of 2022.
The Nongstoin Police Station has registered a case under Section 377 IPC and Section 5(m)(n)/6 of the POCSO Act.
When she arrived at the scene, she collided with an unidentified vehicle from behind and the driver and follower, Sunil Nath, were seriously injured.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, expressed his gratitude to the Social Welfare Department for providing better services to the people across the country and also in South West Khasi Hills District. The Girls' Hostel has been opened today and also supports the Hope Orphanage. He hopes that through the support of the Hope Orphanage, A Rehabilitation Center will also be set up for the purpose of looking after those people who have become addicted to drugs.
He also explained about the premature marriage of young people.
The problem is that at the time of the passage of the Bill on the 3rd of this month, the MPs from the Opposition were not present in the Rajya Sabha because they had left the Rajya Sabha. walkout) demanding that the Prime Minister should speak out on the killings and rape of Kuki women there.
The KDA urges the people with disabilities not to believe in these organizations who are only trying to waste their time helping the disabled and urges the government not to KDA President Starwin Kharjana and General Secretary Ibadalin Kharbuli said that the government has decided to increase the number of KDA members in the country.
The GSWSS (Phase-III) was funded by the Government of India (MoUD) under the AMRUT scheme at a cost of T.193.49 crore (T.17414.74 lakh from the Government of India). and T.1934.97 lakh from the State Government).
Shillong, Naitung 24: Students of Sohra Government College, today met with the Minister in charge of Higher and Technical Education, Roshan Warjri at her office at the Secretariat to express their views on the issue. The Government College at Saitsohpen, Sohra has faced many challenges.
“He said that the state has regained peace and stability after the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) sent a message for peace talks under the provisions of the Constitution of India.
In addition, Bah Mitchell donated to the staff of the orphanage who have worked for many years at the orphanage and also to the teachers who provide sewing and tailoring training at the Seng's training centre.
That means there will be 366 days in every 4 years.
The Seng urges the police not to arrest the youth without sufficient evidence as the arrest can lead to loss of honor and can affect the future of these youth. .
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today said that the Meghalaya government is planning to build about 16 more power projects in the state.
Khliehriat, June 16: The Superintendent of Police (SNP) on Tuesday said that the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District, Narpuh area, has caused a heavy traffic jam due to the landslide. Jagpal Singh Dhonoa, IPS and Deputy Commissioner Abhilash Banarwal, IAS have urged all drivers in Narpuh area especially in Ratacherra, Kuliang and Malidor areas to be vigilant due to the weather conditions. It is not good, it may rain and landslide may happen again, so it is urged to be careful in the way of driving.
With these two victories, Manipur have already qualified for the semi finals at the top of Group
The money belonged to Sanjay Garg, who claimed to be an employee of Star Cement.
Even the price of lyer shet has increased sharply in recent days and he alleged that this is due to the mismanagement of the BJP government. He said that the GST is not a tax, while the income of the person is. “The rich pay more and the poor pay less, while in this GST, the poor pay tax equally as the rich,” he said.
Although James did not say how much they had decided to contribute, he said it was up to the ministers to do so once the decision was made.
It is also the first time that Bollywood actor Govinda has been selected as the Brand Ambassador of the tournament.
Speaking at the meeting, Osternick Marbaniang said, “The presence of mendie ri poses a great threat to the nation, because mendie ri live in society, but we don't know their evil intentions and they can also shetkylla is not a por.
This information competition was held with the aim of disseminating more information on the procedures related to financial matters, especially among school children and to achieve this objective to explain and empower the this part of India as a whole.
Bah Nehlang said that he has not won, but he has resigned, but due to the decline in the constituency in many areas, the people have requested him to return to politics. After many months of thought and later a decision was taken to listen to the voice of the people.
Shillong, July 21: The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) on Saturday said that the party as it was formed on the basis of the rule of law through Prah It will also eliminate corruption, violence and backwardness of the state.
The Government's intention to set up Sanatoriums in our villages is not only for the soldiers but for all the foreigners in the Surma areas of Sylhet District. The invasion of the Dohlieh not only to trade but also to live as masters in the Kathie River.
Young Guns have won the First Division Shillong Cricket League by beating Riatsamthiah CC by 69 runs at the Polo Ground on Tuesday.
However, it is not yet known which group has done this,” said the government officials.
To destroy, to seize, to come and take over without understanding the law of victory, without morality and without foundation.
The curfew will start from 8 pm tomorrow evening to 5 pm on 31st June
He said that violation of this rule will lead to punishment from the District authorities.
“Yes, he has not applied for ticket from the party yet but we will see in these days because there is still time,” said Bah Nongrem.
After receiving a tip, the ANTF conducted a search operation and arrested Lobkush Bohara with 5.93 gms of heroin and a vehicle.
Dr Mukul Sangma said that the employees of the District Council have not received their salaries for more than 30 months and the MDCs since 2019 have not received their salaries even for six months. a corrupt government knows only how to steal money.
Damansani Khar Sahnoh scored the only goal for the opposition in the 41st minute.
Shillong, June 23: The residents of Saba, Mukroh and Barato areas, which are the border areas, have complained about the deterioration of the PWD road from Barato to Saba.
The protest was attended by many veterans and JCOs and ORs of the Sonitpur District Federation of Veterans' Association.
According to the petition, the Ministry of Communications, Department of Posts, Government of India has appointed up to 445 Gramin Dak Sevaks, Branch Post Masters and Assistant Branch Post Masters for the purpose of appointment in the villages. Post Offices in different parts of Meghalaya where the appointment will be made soon.
"Now nobody points fingers at me that I'm corrupt, and I'm not afraid of that because I'm not," he said.
Hek has expressed his disagreement with the suggestion of the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, that the MOU signed recently on the demarcation of the border should not be requested. It divides 6 areas between Assam and Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pohshna said that the authorities have resolved all the complaints and the illegal construction of houses continues until now. The building bye laws have been implemented according to the Ministry of Urban Affairs.
The purpose of this course is to teach the students to learn how to cultivate, plant flowers and to the extent that they can produce goods. rep and not sold in the market.
Currently, the flight from Shillong to New Delhi, Kolkata, Dimapur, Aizawl, Guwahati and Dibrugarh.
Nongpoh, July 20: A 9-year-old boy has drowned in Wah Umtrew, Amtola Byrnihat village today.
This will continue for 10 days in the evening.
“We will express all our feelings as a party but I am sure that the issues we will express will be taken into consideration because in the end it is for the good of the people,” he said.
“The price of tympew has increased from time to time but the price of kwai has increased from the beginning until now and the difference is that this year the price of both crops has increased,” they said. He added that the kwai from Tura, Ratacherra, Silchar and Dawki has arrived slightly and the kwai from Bhoi will arrive in the 6th and 7th months of July and November. this year.
At the same time, u Bah KS Suchiang has apologized to the people of the area if there is any shortcoming, he requested the people not to overlook the shortcomings as this is the first time that The union will continue to conduct such programs at other times and the union will try to improve the quality of services according to the needs and the crowd.
The foundation stone of the school was laid today as the government has opened more branches in Delhi.
And one Sunday morning he walked into a small church.
They also urged the government to take action to avoid these problems and to provide assistance to improve the garbage dump for the benefit of all residents.
The National Family Health Survey (NFHS-4) conducted in 2015-2016 found that 63.8% of children aged 6-59 months are anemic, as well as 45 % of non-pregnant women aged 15-49 years also suffer from this condition.
However, the company has not responded to this request which has angered the village leaders over the lack of respect from the factory to the village leaders.
In Jaintia Hills, only two ventilators have been deployed, one at Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong and one at Khliehriat CHC, East Jaintia Hills.
Madhya Pradesh has 230 seats in 229 seats and the Congress has won 111 seats in the counting of votes. The BJP has 107 constituencies.
Do we want only people who can read or people who understand, don't think, think, find ways, develop the skills to renew our language?
He said that only those who have been vaccinated against COVID-19 can participate in this Behdieñkhlam.
During a meeting between Warner Bros. and Discovery CEO David Zaslav, Warner Bros. officials discussed the decision to produce and produce a new episode of 'Lord of the Rings'
Let us be careful of the Khan, the sea, the parakher paramer, the paradoh parasnam, where we can throw our will.
In the women's shot put, Wanrisha Kharsyiemiong of Jakrem Presbyterian HSS (6.17), Walarisha Lyngkhoi (6.07) and Gracy Mary Nongrem (6.06) of Sakwang Presbyterian HSS were the winners. Jobatstar Kharlyngdoh of Mawrangkynda COG Secondary School, Envilsijohn Thongni of Nativity Higher SSM and Hubert Jyrwa of Jakrem Presbyterian HSS were the winners in the 14-year-old boys' shot put. Banjoplang Sohshang of Nativity Higher SSM (26.54 distance), second Pynskhemborlang Syiemlieh (23.36) and Ardyneal Kharwanniang (19.98) from Jak. Damanborlang Iawphniaw of Nativity Higher SSM, Kebinson Wanniang and Nangshanskhem Shangdiar of Maharam Government HSS. Marshillong of Nativity Higher SSM came first, Banteilang Kharlyngdoh of Jakrem Presbyterian Higher Secondary School came second and Kebinson Wanniang of Maharam Government HSSM came third.
The Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has requested the drivers to refrain from such traffic jams.
All the residents (Khasi and Pnar) of Laban who have reached the age of 18 years and above are requested to come out and take part in this meeting. of the Dorbar shall be in order.
Jowai: Police in West Jaintia Hills District this morning have arrested six Muslims and seized mobile tower batteries worth at least Rs 10 lakh.
He said that he believes that through the receipt of these awards, it will be an encouragement to the youth to move forward and fight to reach the goal so that they can achieve their goals. Give service to your community, your community and your nation as a whole.
The morning of the Lord's day has come.
Shillong, Naitung 9: While the opposition ARPA has demanded that the Governor should not pass the Village Administration Bill of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the ruling People's Democratic Forum (PDF) has requested the Governor not to pass the Village Administration Bill. , V Shanmuga, said that the Village Administration Bill, 2015 will be passed into law.
According to sources, the woman had left the house with another woman to cut wood but did not return until her body was found on Monday.
Similarly, on 21st November, Shankari Dey's daughter, Nirmalya Dey, alleged that money was withdrawn from her mother's bank account using her ATM card. they were kidnapped.
Throughout the world, roads are the source of income, travel, transportation, income generation, national security, and so on.
In honor of him, the Executive Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, held on 16th March, 2023, has decided to close down the Seng Khasi College, Jaiaw. and all schools under the jurisdiction of the Seng Khasi Kmie on the 18th March, 2023, which is the last day of the funeral service for the body of this man, so that all those in these places The students of the Seng Khasi Kmie will be able to take part in the last tribute to this Leader of the Seng.
The next day, on the 16th, she left Tyrso and went to Mawlasnai Outpost, Raid Nongtung, Ri Bhoi District, to lodge a complaint with the police.
Supporting Pala, Ronnie said that Pala has done many development works for the state but he doesn't want to reveal them publicly.
It is learned that while inside the bank, she stole the CCTV cameras and stole some money, but she could not leave the bank as the bank was locked.
On the 5th October, 2024, the MLA of Sohra, Bah Gavin M Mylliem together with the church leaders of Laitryngew, village leaders and members of the Sohra Presbytery, conducted an inspection of the needs for the This meeting from the parking lots, the meeting place to the outlets among others.
He said that the road proposed to be built in Mawthabah is only for the purpose of mining uranium but the party and the people should not allow this at all.
Some of them said that the seats in Laitkseh are much better than those in Polo, because Laitkseh is built of strong trees and cleaned with lyntang.
Shillong, Nailar 26 : The Mawkynrew Cup 2022 will start on Saturday at Mawleiñ Stadium.
There were young men who worked with us who went from one village to another, and from one household to another, to buy goods.
He expressed concern that the BJP government could repeal the Sixth Schedule, like Article 370 for Jammu and Kashmir, as the Sixth Schedule would be like a new shiah for the UCC. “The Sixth Schedule is the root cause of his intention to introduce the UCC. The Instrument of Merger has been signed.
Police have requested the court to remand them for further investigation.
Nongpoh: Speaking as the chief guest at the General Council of the Ri Bhoi Durbar at Circuit House Nongpoh, u Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday congratulated the MLAs of the country. Bhoi, because although they are MLAs from different parties, they are united and ready to move forward to discuss and plan how to bring about development in the district as a whole. .
Shortly after, this reporter tried to talk to the relatives of the Sengbhalang leader but they only knew that he had been taken to Williamnagar while they did not know whether the police had arrested him. in public or in any place.
It is also said that Tdan (name sin) Shadap was killed in a very painful manner, by burying him alive and the bapli died in a very painful death.
Ladthadlaboh scored the first goal of the match through Medondor Pala (59).
The meeting of the Prime Minister with these Sengbhalang at the CM Office came after the protest of the ACHIK leaders to demand that Tura be made the Winter Capital of the Government of Meghalaya. rainy season and other requirements.
The number of cases of coronavirus in Bangladesh has risen to 94 on Tuesday, bringing the total number of cases to Sabrina Flora, said that six more people have died of the disease and the total number of deaths has now risen to 27 and 33 others have recovered from the disease.
Thank you to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District.
Guest of Honour: means the Chief Guest- The Guest shall be a member of any rank; Kongsan is the highest Kynrem.
When asked whether after the 2018 elections, the NPP will work with any political party to form a government or whether he is willing to work with the Congress if necessary, Prestone said it will be. He said that the contest is open with all the parties.
Commenting on the original sin, Rodrigo said, “This is the act of your mother and father, in which you were not born, but now you have the original sin in you. .
In the second half, Shaiborlang Nongrum of Nangkiew FC struck Rangdajied goalkeeper Banshanskhem Kharsyntiew in the 10th minute. The goal that equalised the game was scored by Nangkiew Irat from a free kick.
Shillong, Nailar 03: Two government ministers, Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar, have been dismissed by the Chief Minister today.
HFU President Commander Shangpliang, accompanied by General Secretary Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew, recently visited Umiew near Smit to confirm the office bearers.
By facilitating and expediting the payment of salaries to ASHA workers is the least we can do to repay them for their dedication and hard work.
To restore trust in modern institutions, we must harness the belief in collaboration, inclusiveness and adaptability that has been the hallmark of our G20 Presidency .
Speaking to the teachers, Bah HM Shangpliang said, “I will always be the voice for you teachers.
However, a strong spirit of perseverance and struggle to move forward paved the way for him to reach the ranks of fame.
It is prohibited to collect service charge by including it in the bill of food and to include it in GST on the total amount paid.
The medal winners were Margaret Pathaw from Umsning who won the gold medal and Angel Merry Mylliem Umlong who won the silver medal in the Master Women 60kg Left Hand category.
: As mentioned and said in the central theme of this article and exhortation “That the race is the root cause that strengthens and consolidates the Jaidbynriew u 7 trep u 7 skum.
There are currently 9 private universities in Meghalaya.
“After the transformer broke down, MeECL forced us to pay all the remaining money for the restoration of electricity,” said the residents.
Lycopene is believed to be linked to reducing the risk of cancer and cardiovascular diseases.
Nongpoh, Lber 31: Leaders of the KSU North Khasi Hills District and Northern Border Area, today met with the SP of Ri Bhoi District, Bah GD Kharwanlang, to express the concerns of the people of Meghalaya. They were arrested by the Assam police on the road from Jorobat to Airport and Guwahati.
The party also met with the DC, WKH, Bah S.Kkharlyngdoh. The DC said that according to the rules of the Electoral Roll 1950, according to section 30 which means that people of other ethnic groups who have the Khasi race and name know themselves to have committed a sin but have not accepted the truth and therefore should be punished by being punished. set imprisonment which may extend to one year or less or both.
However, due to the geographical map, the Garo and Khasi Pnar were forcibly included and the Karbi were allowed to remain in Assam.
Sanjay Singh, Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, announced a ban on fish consumption in Patna for 15 days after the presence of formalin.
Shops are welcome to convert CLT to DLT or BPL,” he said in a statement.
There is one fighter jet, which costs £600million each and has the capacity to carry up to 40,000lbs or 18,000 kilograms of bombs.
Thus, the totemic and motifs of the local deities of the region became suitable for painting on canvas as examples of their own traditional deities.
“However, due to the government's lack of action on the previously mined coal, the mining of new coal has been allowed and the coal has been thrown along the road and tried to show that it is old coal. ," said the High Court.
Shillong, Lber 25 : The Minister of C&RD and Mylliem MLA, Bah Hamlet Dohling on Thursday laid the foundation stone for two projects including the road connecting the main road. to Umjasai, Lawsohtun Block-V and also to improve the road and drainage in Block 2, Block 5 and Block 6 at a cost of Rs 2.50 crore.
The state government has also given us the opinions of the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) on the proposal to amend the 6th Scheduled sent in 2012,” said the UDP General Secretary. Bah Allantry F Dkhar told reporters after the meeting on Saturday.
"If Bah Pala doesn't understand, I'm ready to explain," he said.
“NEHU would like to inform that the situation has been brought under control, and this incident has nothing to do with the issue of ethnic discrimination as reported by many false sources.
The demands of the union are regarding the salary adjustment, the salary increase of 12541 thousand SSA teachers in Meghalaya, the to transfer 12541 thousand SSA teachers from the State Implementation Society to the Education Department of the State Government as Regular Teachers in accordance with the provisions of the RTE Act, 2009 and the SSA RTE Norms. outstanding salary for the month of July, May, April and November which is still pending.
The National Center of Seismology (NCS) said the quake measured 7.0 on the Richter scale at a magnitude of 7.0 on the Richter scale. Myanmar and eastern parts of India.
The value of man is not worthless. Remember, the value of human life is worthless.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (NPP) government in collaboration with the UDP, PDF, HSPDP, BJP, NCP, Congress MLAs and independent MLAs has increased the price of a level of school teachers that has never happened before in the history of the state.
Through hard work, some have been able to rise to prominence in various fields.
The wedding was scheduled to take place in the second month of January.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Dorbar of Chief Executive Members, said that almost all the Presidents of the Republic of India including APJ Abdul Kalam, Pratibha Patil and Pranab Mukherjee have sent letters of congratulations to him. this Dorbar, which shows that they recognize them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: Ka Shillong District Jail has spent a few days after being arrested for the Umsawli protest, but her imprisonment is like God sent her to help someone. we are here.
The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) West Khasi Hills has staged a protest to demand the removal of the DC. now.
“We want to create apps to learn English and help the Khasi language.
“If the UDP leaders are the sons of their mothers, they should resign from the MDA government led by the NPP. “They come to criticize whatever they want in Sohiong, but they sdien dui ldui themselves while the people are forbidden to support the NPP,” he said.
According to her, the farmers said that the sellers of fertilizers in Iewduh and MECOFED have stopped selling after the government has banned the use of fertilizers.
He is currently an MP in the Rajya Sabha from Uttarakhand.
The next day, on the 3rd, the Unit cleaned up the grounds of the village school, Narwan Secondary School.
“To make this Act necessary and effective, we urge you to enact the rules without delay,” said Bah Michael in a letter to the Chief Minister.
“If we don't get a name, we will discuss to support each other if others need it,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, July 12: Umwali Village Council, West Khasi Hills District, on Saturday held a special meeting to express its views on the Kwiskelda Lyngdoh Marshillong has accused Bah Teibor Nonglang of robbing her house.
The House was temporarily suspended when the opposition MPs went to the desk of the Speaker, threw books and threw a microphone at the desk of Harivansh Narayan Singh, who was speaking. to the council.
Only those youths who have reached the age of 18 years and above who are not married can take part in this dance.
MUPSTA calls upon all the teachers of the union to come out on this day to force the government to implement their demand.
Although the benefits have been received by the people from the scheme, one of the problems faced by the VECs in the villages is the failure of the state government to release the purchase fees of the managers in the implementation of the scheme. various works requiring the construction of dewbilat, iron rods, stone walls and others such as laundries, ponds and others.
It is an annual plant, but can also last for two years or more.
However, if he does not get the ticket, he will think about what to do and he can support the candidate who gets the ticket but he also urged that if he gets the ticket, one candidate will support him.
The announcement of Methodius as the HSPDP candidate was held at Rongrin Secondary School Umdang on Saturday in the presence of KP Pangniang, President of the party, Witting. HSPDP Women's Wing Central Body President Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait, Methodius, who is the candidate, party office bearers from the constituency including leaders from other constituencies. party.
The meeting also set up a Vigilance Committee to monitor these areas especially on the border , and also decided to demand that the government should set up Police Outposts around the area border throughout the Khasi Hills.
At the same time, the Minister reminded and urged the officers to focus on the major schemes in the state such as Jal Jeevan Mission, PMAY, CM Solar Mission, Village Connectivity and urged the Deputies. Commissioner and Sub Divisional Officers to monitor these projects.
“I want to tell the leaders of that party please reduce your language because it is too stupid,” he added.
According to reports, fighting between the two armed groups in Sudan has claimed the lives of more than 200 people and injured 1,8
Therefore, as parents have a cooperation with teachers at all times, Fr.Paul Coelho appealed to them to help and take care of their children so that they have time to read. home because teachers give lessons in schools but cannot look after them, and they have to study on their own.
However, Pynshngaiñ said that Dr. Mukul Sangma's statement is just a joke.
On the same day, Bah Rocky, who also contested the MDC election from Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency in 2019, announced that he has left the BJP and also resigned from the post of Secretary. of the BJP Shillong City.
In the 1990s, when I started entering politics and I was in the UDP, we started meeting again and at that time, he was Minister and I used to go to his residence in Laitumkhrah. , who always agreed to travel with me and I took him to many villages in my area in Nongshken Constituency.
Chandigarh University in the first tournament held in Odisha came 34th, 20th in the second and 20th in the third in Lucknow. come in the eleventh place.
One more person has received Pension Payment Orders (PPOs) through PRAYAS for the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav
All this is evidence that we have made progress, and so I do not see that the objections to the contrary will be justified.
There is no restriction on the Police to register a case and investigate any Government Officer and the failure to register a complaint is a violation of the law,” said the Contractor in a complaint sent to the DGP. Dr LR Bishnoi.
Bhopal: A video of a man being stabbed in Sidhi village in Madhya Pradesh has shocked the country and police have arrested Pravesh Shukla. , under the National Security Act (NSA) and his house, which was destroyed.
“Such acts of violence are unacceptable within the university.
The list, released today by the BJP, includes 57 candidates.
The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) has issued a statement on the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the State. The ILP was issued on February 7, 2020 and this leaflet was distributed to the public and published in the newspapers on February 8,
According to the police, Baichung is one of the founders of the GNLA, especially in these days, many of its members have surrendered. He was a former member of the ANVC and has experience in the field.
Furthermore, under paragraph 14 of the Sixth Scheduled, the Governor may at any time appoint a commission to inspect and provide information in relation to the administration of the Autonomous Districts and Autonomous Regions in the State. including the functions specified in clauses (e), (d), (e) and (f) of sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 1 of the Sixth Scheduled.
The union also sent a letter to the CM regarding the exclusion of Jaintia Hills from the National Games and demanded the construction and improvement of sports grounds in Jaintia Hills which has produced many athletes in various sports.
He said that to prevent such activities, the police have also called for the cooperation of various Rangbah Shnongs.
The injured soldiers were identified as Sukunara Pillai of Trivandrum and Pradeep Singh of Haryana. The incident happened at 9:30 am this morning.
The District Program Manager, NRLM, Bah K.Slong congratulated the Organization and said that the Iengskhem Village Organization has been able to take a great and successful initiative and expects that this initiative will be a success. It has been successful in improving the income of the members of the Self Help Groups in the district.
All around the Northeast there used to be bandhs, strikes, blockade, firing, violence and lawlessness.
There are two kinds of Christians, Christians who show the world their Christianity and Christians who do not show and do their works according to the teachings of the Lord.
The General Secretary of the KSU, Samla Donald Vthabah, said that the KSU has received a complaint that these 11 MBBS students from Meghalaya have been allegedly not from Meghalaya. They are residents of Meghalaya, but are from the neighboring state of Assam.
Bah Siangshai said that if he wins this election, his goal is to do good especially to the poor.
The Congress leaders who used to walk in the shadows all the time, now they are like a miaw that has been covered with a knife or a ksew that has been cut off. The feeling of the leaders, because in politics, there are no friends or enemies who are like that.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister praised the contribution of the NCC in serving the country and encouraging the youth not only in terms of discipline but also in terms of dedication. service but also the spirit of solidarity among young people.
“After receiving information that there is a land in Mawkyrwat that has been purchased since 2014, I have searched for the files inside the office but there are no files. “We have to do whatever is necessary and if we have paid for the old land, we will have to take over, because we have bought a new one and we have already opened an office but now the KHADC has 2 land in Mawkyrwat,” he said. The CEM said that the EC will take care of this matter and a copy of the certificate signed by former CEM Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, former Secretary W. Syiemlieh and RS Wanniang. Joint Secretary and Village Leaders.
The mother of the house escaped the tragedy because she was not present at the house that night, according to the report.
NESO also recalled that last month, the Government of Manipur had tried to evict the Khasi people living in the area, who have been living in this area since Kulong Kumah.
When asked whether the wholesalers received three months ago, Khongsdir said that three months ago the fertilizer arrived every month.
It may be recalled that on Tuesday, a woman from Mawlai Kynton Massar village lost her life after being hit by a motorcycle at Mawlai Mawdatbaki.
They know that most of the cows that arrive in the North East come from other states and therefore they have other ways to eliminate the spread of cow meat in the North East. East.
At present in India, among the opposition parties, there is not a single strong party but it is the Congress which still has the voice and appearance of the opposition. hangno spirit, for they are too weak.
The Government of India has set up a team to look into the matter and has warned the companies that they will be punished if found to be not working properly.
According to sources, the vacancy has started in June 2023 and has continued until today.
“All the members of this House will acknowledge that we have lost a capable leader of the state.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister and Chairman of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA), has admitted that the post of Speaker of the House will be discussed at the MDA meeting to be held after Independence Day.
“I don't want to talk too much about this issue and as I said it is a very sensitive issue and we need good consultation with all the stakeholders”.
Pynursla: The NH40 in Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, today was blocked due to traffic jam, due to the protest of the Khasi Students Union South Central (KSU) to demand the repair of the road.
Pangniang demanded that a committee of inquiry should be set up with members from both the ruling and opposition parties to find out who has given false information to the Rangbah Shnongs.
I agree with the second part, because 'diengbilat' means a person who can endure hardships.
In fact, there are many government employees who are involved in politics and there are also those who are still holding the post of Sordar and Rangbah Shnong along with the government.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 05 : After the completion of the filing of nomination papers as the candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) for the 2023 election, Bah Jason Mawlong has been elected as the MLA of Umsning. He said that besides many needs of the people in Umsning Constituency, the Central Agricultural University in Kyrdemkulai is one of the goals that he will take action on. The University is still a College of Agriculture and not a Central Agricultural University.
The Minister said that the militants carried up to 25 bullets at the cash registers and the wells of the petrol pump.
Shillong, Naitung 14: Police on Thursday summoned the Working President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM), Bah Donlang Nongbri, for his speech at a public meeting held in Myanmar. on 23rd November 2022 at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District by threatening to form a rebel group in the State due to anger against the State Government for not taking action on the incidents in the border villages until Four residents of Mukroh village were shot dead by the Assam Police.
Fortunately, you don't have to worry about anything.
These include 36 from East Khasi Hills and 7 from West Garo Hills.
It is the right of any person or persons to earn in the market.
The KSU also expresses its condolences to the families of those who were killed and condemns those people who took the law into their own hands.
It was also announced that about 40 Eklavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS) will be opened across the districts of Meghalaya and the teaching of the Khasi language in these schools is compulsory for all. children and students.
When he reached Lum, U Sohblei sacrificed to Blei Shyllong a Syiar thohsaw, which had no white writing, and offered thanksgiving.
Meanwhile, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has demanded that the central government should conduct a campaign to stop the construction of illegal structures to avoid the floods. the environment as it happened in Uttarkhand.
The Union of School Teachers (MSSASA) will hold a General Meeting on the 24th of June at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Shillong, Mawkhar at 11 am. .
Nongpoh, November 02: The KSU North Khasi Hills District (KSU) today protested against the plan of the Assam Rifles to set up camps in Lawbyrwa and Lawpyllun villages under Raid Mawbuh, Ri Bhoi District. , together with the land owners and village leaders of these two villages, have met with the ADC of Ri Bhoi, DP Kharsati and on this day they have also sent a petition to express their opposition. The Assam Rifles have been arrested for allegedly stealing land.
Motphran, the venue of the rally, was seen by policemen and women dressed in proper equipment, who brought silver coins until only a few were allowed to pass. person.
Punjab Chief Minister Bhagwant Mann will give birth to Dr Gurpreet Kaur tomorrow after seven years of divorce from his first wife.
At the same time, it is prohibited to wash clothes, drive vehicles, spread solid or liquid waste and it is prohibited to dump any waste or soil into the Myntdu River. this is the time to build a road.
Nongstoiñ, November 1: The Special Judge of the High Court (POCSO) has sentenced a robber to 30 years imprisonment and a fine for raping a child in a village in West Khasi Hills District.
Suresh Angadi was a member of the Lok Sabha from Belagavi constituency in Karnataka and won from that constituency in 2004, 2014 and
The Church has also arranged that those who arrive before 9 pm will be allowed to enter the village.
Speaking to reporters, after the announcement of the MLA resolution, Bah Pius Marwein said, “The resignation of MM Danggo from the post of MLA has caused a lot of trouble. I will win this mid-term election,” he said, adding that his victory in this mid-term election is his book, because in the last MLA election, Danggo did not win. Many votes were cast for him, but he was defeated and the reason is that he doesn't understand and he still lacks political experience, but Danggo's release. the second time, it made him take the opportunity to fight to the finish line.
On this occasion, the Resource Persons including Mrs. R.Passah (DSWO, WJH), Mrs. S.Ksoo (Lawyer OneStop), L.Ksoo (OneStop Center Manager) and F.Hujon (Finance Empowerment for Women through SHG). prizes to the winners.
liak-shi-liak: one who cannot speak what appears before and appears many times.
Macmilan Kharshandi, 25, died after being shot dead while Teiborlang Kharbangar and Ricky Dkhar were seriously injured in the incident.
The Governor was accompanied by the Dalloi of Nartiang, the Village Authority, the students of Ramkrishna Mission Secondary School. by the Guard of Honor.
“There was also an exhibition of traditional costumes from the states of the North East to preserve and develop the culture and traditions.
The match was fierce but Ladthadlaboh lost three points due to lack of opportunities to try to score due to the strength of Mulang's defenders.
If it had been open all day, people wouldn’t be crowding at all.
The union has handed over these trucks to the police of 8mer police outpost for further investigation.
Do not be ashamed of anything you do, for it is your responsibility.
“This is a huge increase from what happened in the previous government and now we are preparing to increase it to 25 percent,” he said.
This evening I have sent a letter to the Minister of Education, Bah Lakmen Rymbui as well as to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and the Principal Secretary of the Ministry of Education. St. Anthony's School has invited Class XI students to enroll for the year 2020 by selling Admission Forms, although the State Government through the Meghalaya Board The MBOSE has not yet released the SSLC results for the year
The surrounding boundaries of Lawse are: to the east is the Lawse Forest and adjacent to Nongstoin; to the west are Sohparu, Disyiang, Mawthar and Mawduh.
Ajay Kanoujia said there is a case in the Meghalaya High Court, which says that when Meghalaya got its own state, then the District Councils should have been abolished, because the state Meghalaya is self-governing and the Sixth Schedule was involved only in the past when Meghalaya was part of Assam.
If we turn to the great writers of the nation like Father H. Elias he said that any nation that still speaks its own language is a living nation.
Also present on the occasion were Kynpham V Kharlyngdoh, Muktiar of the Supreme Court, former President of KSU Delhi and NEHU Unit and former Assistant Education Secretary of the Central Body.
According to sources, the robbers came in a Scorpio color iong and as soon as they arrived, they tied up everyone and looted from the house of Rajen.
She said that some of the speakers have found it difficult to understand the speech even though there is no written record of the speech.
“Women are the strong pillars who play a major role in building a strong family, a happy society and also who take the responsibility to raise and care for the future of their children,” he said. .
The 25-point manifesto released by UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh also promises to strengthen the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) and to support meaningful peace talks with the Hynniewtrep Armed Forces. National Liberation Council (HNLC).
The Government has already appointed 100 teachers at St Mary's College, Shillong, 18 at PGT, 30 at Don Bosco College, Tura, 18 at Seng Khasi College, Shillong, 55 at UCC College, students from St Anthony's College, Shillong, 15 students from Shillong Commerce College, 34 students from Mendipathar College, 72 students from Sanardev College, 71 students from Synod College, 85 students from Lady Keane College and 82 students from Lady Keane College. St Edmund College.
Abhinandan Varthaman, Wing Commander of the Pakistani Army, who was arrested by the Pakistani Army, is the son of a retired Air Force soldier and lives with the Pakistani Army. His parents live in Shillong, Meghalaya, where his father works in the Eastern Air Command.
Shillong, Lber 5: U Bah HS Shylla, MDC of the United Democratic Party (UDP), today wrote to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, alleging that the Urban Development Department has violated the justice of the The previous Act of the State Government, known as the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act, 1973, which was also the first Act, which further developed the functioning of MUDA. Section 1 (2 ) of the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act, 1973, stipulates that this Act applies throughout the State, except in the areas within the boundaries of the Autonomous Districts.
They immediately informed the Iewrynghep Village Authority and after that the Lumdiengjri Police Station took him away at about 2:30 pm.
The number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam has risen rapidly and 117 cases have been confirmed in the state and 1,132 cases are in quarantine facilities.
Pynshngaiñ Hinge scored the two goals for Nangbah Mooknor in the 40th minute and Poimidanial Thubru in the 54th minute.
The drivers of these two vehicles escaped by taking advantage of the forest.
We never thought that such a stupid speech would come out of the mouth of the person whom we are expecting to be the legislator to preserve the word Secular of the Constitution. The Governor of India especially whom we are still waiting for to be the legislator to preserve the uniqueness of our Jaitbynriew Hynniewtrep.
Out of the seven existing MDCs, the UDP now has to find 22 new candidates to contest the MDC elections to be held next year.
"Fasta has announced that it has signed a contract with Juventus, where Ronaldo will play for 45 minutes and then sign the wishes of the players," Kim said.
“A truck of fertilizer costs T.40,000, but the yield is only T.20,000,” he said.
Giving an example of himself as a person who has received education through schools, he said that education opens the way for him wherever he goes.
The meeting was opened by Bah LT Tariang, MCS, Block Development Officer, Laskein C&RD Block, in the presence of officials from AH&VO.
They were identified as Hopeful Nongtdu of Rymbai Synrang, East Jaintia Hills, Khrawbok Rongrin of Sohbar A Shallang, Ashish Arya of Guw Kamrup and Yaman Bansal of Beltola Tiniali, Guwahati.
The publication of news that affects the unity of the nation by some who claim to be leaders of various groups should not have a place or enter our minds as a nation, if we understand that we should not play with the happiness of the nation.
He said that after the arrest of the suspect, police also seized 3 mobile phones, 4 aim cards and a notebook from the suspect. Police have conducted a thorough investigation and found that the arrested suspect is a member of the GNLA commander Jimmy.
However, it is surprising that the NHM has not been able to implement the campaign at the time which has been prepared by the health department in Nongstoiñ.
Referring to the upcoming mid-term elections, he said there is no problem for Danggo to win again, as he has contested elections for many years for 15 years.
To prevent such an incident in this country which is considered as a country of knowledge of man and knowledge of God, the MLA of Mylliem will gather all the women's organizations, youth, Rangbah Shnong and all to hold a meeting to demand that Such a thing shall not happen again in this land.
KS Thanga joined the Congress party in 1994 and was elected as the Chief Minister of the state twice between 2008 and
The CAG has found that the NRHM, Shillong has not kept an adequate estimate of the need for medicines so that it can be purchased according to the need.
According to the government, about 28,500 cows have been injected so far.
Through the National Rural Livelihood Mission, it also aims to bring about change in the homes of the rural people through the women.
The order, which was issued yesterday, prohibits entry and exit to these places.
In the Science Stream, Eshita Bhattacharjee came third with 469 marks, Soumitra Jha came fourth with 460 marks and Soumitra Jha came fourth with 460 marks. Sargam Datta and Sharmin Khongsit with 454 marks each, Sangam Paul with 453 marks, Biswadeep Nath with 450 marks and Samjanai Synnah with 450 marks. I scored 446 marks.
The Times Now-Ipsos showed that the AAP will get 47 seats, while the BJP will get 23 seats, the Republic-Jan ki Baat will get 48-61 seats for the AAP and the BJP 9-21 seats. Cicero put 52-64 for the AAP and 6-16 for the BJP and Neta-NewsX for 53-57 for the AAP and 11-1
“Remember that as leaders of the civil society, you carry the heaviest burden because the expectations of many are very high from you.
Shillong: The price of petrol and diesel has risen by 95.12 tyngka per liter and diesel by 88 tyngka per litre.
The Chief Executive Member of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat, while introducing this resolution in the Lyiur Dorbar, appealed to the Central Government not to implement the UCC within the boundary of JHADC. villages in Jaintia Hills will not be affected.
Clothes are beautiful, they are designed to protect the dignity of a person and not only that, but they help to enhance the color of a person and to get the physical appearance and to be harmonious. , in the longbriew manbriew in the whole worldNow there are strange clothes, which are very different to look at with the eyes, but it is not known whether those who are dressed, they are right, they are the same or they just want to do khyllah, in order to change the dress code of this new age.
This is according to a report by the National Health Service (NHS) in England.
“All this happened after the Syiem changed the name of the Raid Tynring to the Shnat Raid Tynring where there were 6 Raid Kmie and 34 Raid. The smaller Hima Khyrim in which the Shnat Raid Tynring is not on the list of the KHADC, because the Shnat Raid Tynring was established by the Syiem.
“This was done in the months of November, March and May until the end of the Delta Wave and the report shows that the infection rate is only 42%.
The other is Sangita Sohphoh, resident of Quarter No.105/2, Shillong, who has changed herself from Sapna Devi to Sangita Sohphoh through an affidavit. This change is according to the Hindu religion that the husband should change the jait to the husband.
The party chief in Meghalaya, who is also an MP in the Rajya Sabha, said that there are 54 constituencies where the NPP is guaranteed to reach the final.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 19: As part of ensuring the peace and order in the Lok Sabha Election 2024 in South West Khasi Hills District, the District Magistrate and District Election Officer of South West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday said that the 144 CrPC prohibited the holding of gatherings and gatherings of more than 5 persons without the permission of the district authorities and prohibited the carrying of firearms or weapons.
“These come at the same time as the domestic tournament and the foreign tournament where the ISL and the national team collide.
At the time of writing, two illegal Coke Factories have been destroyed by bombs.
The absence of more than 30 MLAs from any party in this election has delayed the formation of the government for many hours before the results were resolved.
Shillong, Naitung 28: Members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have turned on the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) at 12:00 pm this morning. The road is located in South West Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, Bah Surong, founder of WJHDAS & MC and resident of Jaïaw Pdeng, said that as a resident of the village, he has the responsibility to do something for the village.
Meghalaya started well by beating Arunachal Pradesh by five wickets but lost by six wickets against Manipur.
In Jaintia Hills, it was also found that besides commercial vehicles and private vehicles, they have been driving without registration number plates for many years.
However, it was in the 80th minute that Chipakkore opened the scoring through Johnfield A Sangma and before the end of the game, in the 90th minute, Chipakkore equalized through the last goal. from Harlee K Marak.
Placard: Placard - means a placard that disseminates information to the public in the community.
He urged the people not to come to Shillong unless it is necessary, as the situation in Shillong is not good.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Arwan Tariang, Rangbah Shnong, Bah Ransom Sutnga, President Mawkhar Sports Club, Members of the EC of the Village, Office Bearers of the Women's Wing and Youth of the Village.
Leviticus 23:5-6
Five Khasi students competed at that time, but only Babu Will passed.
Madur village has been severely affected by the storm and 15-20 houses have been destroyed by the strong wind.
Not only the youth, but Lok Sabha MP Tapir Gao strongly opposed Rajnath Singh's remarks as this is an area in Arunachal Pradesh.
BSF troops on receiving a tip, conducted a raid and seized a vehicle at Sonapur Bridge, East Jaintia Hills.
He said that this scheme is one of the schemes that he has decided to implement within this term of government as it is essential to provide water to the urban and rural areas.
One of the prophets, Amos, wrote against the sin of Israel and the punishment upon them and upon the nations around Israel.
Despite many disappointments, the school this year has been a great blessing, especially that it has been able to improve and repair the school after the Chief Minister of the State Government. Conrad K. Sangma has donated 3.14 lakh tyngka to the school from his monthly salary.
Shillong: The FKJGP West Khasi Hills District on 15/07/21 visited Tynghor Head Quarter of Jyrngam Sirdarship and on 16/07/21 visited Langpih Village. There is an office of the Hima Nongmynsaw Syiem Ship to meet with the Syiems/Sirdarships/Bakhraw Batri of these two Hima authorities to encourage and advise the villages on the border with Assam which are in the midst of border dispute between Hima. Meghalaya and Assam.
Sharad Pawar, senior leader of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), has confirmed that there will be a change of government in India in
Bharat Biotech, based in Hyderabad, has completed its second and third rounds of trials for those under 18 years of age and has submitted a report to the Drugs and Comptroller. General of India (DCGI), this month.
They also appealed to the public not to buy medicines only from pharmacies, but to go to doctors for check-up so that they can give them medicines. Those who are suffering from this type of disease like the public should not drink and take medicines without the supervision of doctors.
“It is understood that the party has already hesitated even for Bah Samlin to contest again from the HSPDP in
The President of the FKJGP said that the FKJGP will celebrate its 30th Anniversary from the 6th of June this year and a Celebration Committee has been set up headed by the President and General Secretary of the FKJGP. the orderly conduct of the anniversary celebration.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 263 new cases have been confirmed and 2206 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Then the party will continue to stand firm on the basis of protecting the country and the nation and will not allow the corrupt to win.
Many people came to witness the friendly match, which was played by talented players from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The party also requests all journalists to witness this day so that the strong opposition to the violence against women can be raised throughout the city.
In response to a complaint lodged by the family members of the girl, a case on 11/24 has been lodged at the Jogighopa Police Station.
But fortunately, they escaped to their own forest.
When asked regarding the illegal coal mining, the new DGP said that there are many orders from the government and there are also orders from the court while the police have issued orders. efforts were made to curb such illegal activities.
He said Narendra Modi has dissolved the Group of Ministers formed by the UPA government.
She said the allegation that the government is not listening to their grievances is not true as the department has worked day and night to raise money to pay the employees.
No one is allowed to gather or walk within 200 meters of the Secretariat, Raj Bhavan and Assembly.
The Lokayukta was empowered after the enactment of the Lokayukta Act in the States of India.
The purpose of the National Teachers' Award is to celebrate the outstanding contribution of teachers in the country and the idea behind the National Teachers' Award is to celebrate the outstanding contribution of teachers in the country and to honor those teachers, who have worked physically and spiritually, to improve the education and lives of their students.
He urged the people to elect him as a young man who is still old enough because it is useless to send him to the House when he is 70-80 years old.
Because of misunderstanding, there has been a forgetfulness to empower our men.
How much more, when the neighbor sees well, he doesn't sleep, he doesn't sleep, he starts talking again or saying bad things, because he can't see or see that others see well while he doesn't sleep. pen, im a life that is slow and steady, that is slow and steady, that is slow and steady, that you forget yourself.
Shylla said this because the CEM has directed the Secretary to write a letter to him to submit the names of the Local Committees, Managing Committees or contractors to implement the schemes which have received a special allocation of T. klur for the Nongkrem constituency but he said that the letter has turned into nothing because when he phoned the Rangbah Shnongs to send the resolutions to him they told him that it has been completed but all that remains is to take it. to the Work Order.
“The Deputy Rangbah Shnong also expressed his gratitude to Bah Teiborlang Pathaw and hoped that the people will promote him in
Therefore, all those who have been in temporary need in these days, should stay at home and also to listen to themselves about their health and if they feel that they have any problems, such as If you have fever, chills and shortness of breath, please inform the health department by calling 03638232028/1077 or
When asked what he would do if the UDP turns to the law, he said, “If the UDP turns against the law, it is the party that signed a promise during the elections that if it wins, it will not leave the party. I don't know what to do,” he replied.
Thousands of activists from all over the Khasi and Jaintia Hills, who marched with traditional music, dances and dances, witnessed the march.
He said that even other major national parties in the country like the Congress and the BJP have not been willing to do so while the TMC which is still in power in West Bengal has been willing to do so without fail. These are only election promises and after the election these promises will disappear and will not appear again.
It is learned that the MLA of Sohra has tried to talk to government officials on this issue but Ganshyam Das, SDO has refused. The SDO said that the registration order did not come from the government but from the Election Commission, and only the Election Commission can suspend it. I don't know anymore,” said Titus.
Thus, when we know the truth, the Word of God (the Bible) and do the will of God, we will be called children of God.
“This is against Article 14 of the Constitution of India and violates the Right to Equality,” said Amanda. “We want to get an explanation from the government on this.
And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
Jowai, Naiwieng 4: In order to protect the Myntdu River, the District Administration in collaboration with the Jowai Puja Committee has decided not to throw the Durga in the Myntdu River.
Taking part in the Cut Motion, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh urged the State Government to grant freedom to the Police to operate and allow them to do their job.
The Nongbri are the people who fled from the Raid Marngar. In ancient times, the Marngar King and the Kuba King of Dkhar made a treaty, and they used to travel well.
With this defeat, Shillong Lajong FC have one last home match against Bengaluru United on the 21st of this month.
The SRT said that this is discriminatory and can cause differences between the same race and violates Article 15 of the Constitution.
Nongstoin: U MLA of Nongstoin, Bah Macmillan Byrsat, on this occasion, has achieved his goal of improving the city of Nongstoin through his hard work and efforts as a leader in the last 4 years. For 10 years, he has been able to fulfill the desire of the people of Nongstoin area to see the roads for the 11 villages under the Nongstoin Town Road.
This article invites you readers to examine once again what you have contributed to the preservation of the beauty and value of nature.
Congress Leader and Working President Ampareen Lyngdoh on 29th November 2021 lodged a complaint with the Speaker of the House demanding that Mukul Sangma should be removed from the post. the law of the land.
John 12:19.
The date of the election in this constituency will be announced by the Election Commission later.
No election campaign meeting shall be held without the permission of the District Magistrate's office as well as the permission of the village in respect of the venue.
Shillong, Nailar, 04: The MGSPHSVA, the Land Vendors Association, has been shocked to see in the media the order of the East Khasi Hills District authorities to ban or remove the vendors of rice. , jhur harvester and others, who live along Khyndai Lad, Jail Road.
“We condemn the statement of Bah Manbor, and we are ready to hold a meeting in front of the people to clarify,” said Bah Batkupar. it's a shisha.
The woman is currently undergoing treatment at the Mission Hospital.
In the second half, Kharang beat Mawkasiang SC 1-0 with a goal from Pasborlong Khonglukong in the 28th minute.
That's TRANSPARENCY, ACCOUNTABILITY and RESPONSIBILITY. It's like someone said that we've been thrown away on the streets just like the shopkeepers throw away their bags on the streets.
Those who live on the border with them will lose their land gradually as the year goes by.
It is also an honor for the Khasi because the inheritance and receipt of inheritance is on the part of the woman.
However, the two officials who claimed to be the implementers and who had already received permission from all the government departments in charge of the implementation of the mining resources, did not listen to the demand of the authorities. village and public.
In Group-A, Shillong zone, Umkseh SC will play against Langsning SC at 3pm.
Bhopal, Jymmang 03: Two tribals, accused of slaughtering cows, have been shot dead in Seoni district of Madhya Pradesh.
If the riots continue to happen under 10 o'clock, will they be closed from 8 o'clock? He is the MDA 2.0 government.
However, he chose to serve through the sacrifice of society.
Jopmiki Shylla, his son-in-law, said that he did not sleep at all despite having physical problems especially diabetes and other chronic illnesses. and in the evening he was still alive.
Speaking at the 43rd Anniversary of Meghalaya at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Dr Sangma said, “We hope that in the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya, we can share the stories of victory of the state. ".
The union expresses its regret over this statement of his, as it shows that the state government has no responsibility in the development of education in the state.
They were accused of involvement in a conspiracy to release Maharashtra drug cartel leader Lalit Patil from police custody on March
Speaking on the occasion, Aibandaplin F Lyngdoh Nonglait, who is the VPP candidate for Mylliem constituency in the upcoming elections, said that she has joined the political party. She said that the reason why she contested the election was because she had a sorrow in her heart, which she could no longer do. It is up to her to look at the rule of law in the state and what she does not find. She is willing to sit idly by when she sees the problems of the state in all aspects.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The MDCs of the PDF have strongly condemned the KSU for the incident which happened today at the KHADC. “We all the MDCs of the PDF strongly condemn the KSU for entering the KHADC, which has patronized the KSU. the heads of the female servants, who beat the male servants, who cut it.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today issued an order to close down the houses of Aibilin Kharumnuid, Betsinia Kharumnuid and Bah Bijoy Kharumnuid. the city of Ur Christ John.
Speaking on the occasion, Sanjay Goyal said that this house will be a witness to the Government's commitment to improve the skills of the youth.
At the meeting, it was unanimously decided to set up a special association to look after the issue of the ration distributors known as the Ration Dealers' Association, East Jaintia Hills (RDAEJH).
At the time of writing, no exact information has been received nor the names or addresses of those killed and injured in the incident.
It is for this reason, as you can see now, many of the issues that the Cabinet has decided on are related to education. education sector, so on the part of the government we have taken education as one of the most important sectors.
However, according to the estimates of the experts, this time they have announced the name of Sohra as the place with the highest rainfall.
On the same day, there was also the distribution of prizes for the winners of the Inter School Traditional Singing Competition in solo singing.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Remdor Shylla, General Secretary, Mawkyrwat Constituency. Mebadonnam Saiborne, President and Lyngdoh Benjoh were the chief guests. Youths Wing TMC, SWKHD has announced that this day will be held on the Youtube Channel of NKD.
Nongstoiñ, Iaiong 16: After six years without a Bishop, the Catholic Church of Nongstoiñ, on Sunday, Bishop Wilbert Marweiñ, the new Archbishop of Nongstoin, has been appointed as the new Archbishop of Nongstoin.
On the 2nd October this year, some Rangbah Government and other Heh ki Hain visited the Villages of the City to inspect the cleanliness of the village.
In addition to the spread of covid19, the bloodshed between Israel and the Palestinian people has increasingly shocked the world.
Others who attended the function were Bah Sounder Strong Cajee, former KSU Leader as the chief guest, Pulljohn Wanniang, Organizing Secretary KSU SWKHD, Plosbor Kharjahrin, Environment & Cultural Secretary KSU SWKHD). Poldip Tongwah, President KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Melvernstone Marngar, Assistant Education Officer, Mawlangwir and Mawranglang Village Leaders, School Teachers and Parents of the students.
The union said that the government will not be able to allocate funds for various assistance schemes to the people and perhaps even MNREGA( job card) scheme may also be lost or have to reduce the implementation of working days which is one of the means of employment of the residents.
Nongpoh MDC Balajied Rani was also present as the chief guest. The Rangbah Shnong, Bah NS Makdoh, Balawan Marwein, President of the Village Youth Association, including Longkmie, youth and the community as a whole.
This incident happened on 08.07.2016 at 5.15 PM when a man injured his wife with the intention of killing her.
The All Assam Students Union (AASU) has called a 24-hour curfew following the killing of two youths from Guwahati in Karbi. Angle.
In this regard, I would like to say that they are lying".
You can witness that obesity is more prevalent in developing economies than in low-income countries.
Ma Kyrmen said that there are many problems for the employees of the department because they do not have a fully functional office space and he said that he has tried to talk to the DC West Jaintia Hills to get more land of about 4 acres. fully equipped press and staff quarters.
The department will improve the veterinary clinic at Garikhana by introducing medical equipment including digital X-ray and ultrasound machines, among other equipment.
On the other hand, the traders said that per day, at least 3 or 4 trucks of goods arrive at Paltan Bazar market per trader. long, on their part to unload the goods from 3 or 4 trucks if the daju start working from 5 pm to 7 pm because most of the daju, they live in the places where they have been arrested. They have to leave the market before 6 pm and they don't have a vehicle to start working from 4 or 5 pm.
In another development, police said that they have raided a camp of robbers in West Garo Hills today and arrested seven robbers from different parts of Tikrikilla area.
“We want the MDC constituencies to be the same as the MLA constituencies,” said the DCA minister. MDC elections in new constituencies.
The agreement between the Central Government and the State Government in 2009 to allocate land in West Khasi Hills before the uranium mining project was terminated in
“The PMGSY road in Balakhawa area has been issued NOC by the Syiem of Nongspung Hima according to my information and it is a PMGSY road where the Assam government or the Meghalaya government can do that. scheme of the central government,” said Prestone.
And so until I write this article on 11.6.2023, the traffic jam is still going on and the road is being blocked.
Speaking as the chief guest, Kong D.Blah said that programs like Jan Bhagidari provide teachers and students with the opportunity to discuss and exchange ideas.
At this meeting, the group expressed its gratitude and welcomed the Acting Syiem Bah Bording Marbaniang to take over the responsibility of the group. good luck to all your kingdoms.
At the same time, he stressed on the need to work hard and not to rely on luck.
After the announcement of the PDF as a new political party in the state, the party has struggled to move to West Khasi Hills District, where it has also been able to expand its offices. in the two constituencies in the West Khasi Hills.
“He also alleged that at the weighbridges there are always people of the Government Ministers who check the number plates of the trucks and not the employees of the Transports and DMR departments. How can we do that, Bah John? We have to be spectators.
It is said that the Khasi in the past gave their jait to the Shynrang or the father like other peoples of the world.
“We welcome the decision taken by the state government to hold peace talks and we will try to implement this plan,” said HNLC Publicity Secretary Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw.
On the other hand, the union has visited the new telecom company, Jio and the union leaders have spoken to the manager of the company, Bah Andy Lyngdoh. Longkmie in times of poverty depends from time to time, which can be 16 months can be more or less and this shows clearly that the laws, which are for the benefit of the people, the government has not implemented properly. According to the Maternity Benefit (Amendment) Bill 2016 passed by the Lok Sabha, mothers are entitled to up to 26 months leave during pregnancy.
According to the census, 14.26 percent of the Yadavs live in Bihar, the highest number of OBCs and the headquarters of Lalu Prasad Yadav. The Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) has a population of 13.1 crore in the state.
The vehicle of the DC of Cachar was damaged in the shooting and it is estimated that many Assam policemen were injured in the shooting. in the case of Mizoram.
Maharashtra Governor Bhagat Singh Koshyari has been placed in quarantine after 16 of his employees tested positive for Covid-1
Shillong, Lber 13: Although the plan to complete the new Assembly before the end of the term of the previous Assembly has failed due to the sudden collapse of the dome of the Assembly. The new Assembly in June last year has been in place for almost a year but it is understood that the completion of the new Assembly will be delayed.
The goal came from a corner shot by Jessamy Tariang and Sunidahoi couldn't keep the ball in a safe place and scored the first goal.
At the Gospel Concert of the Ri Lyngngam Presbytery Youth Church held in Riangdo in 2009, Bah Dmikstar Lyngdoh and I sang a drama about 'The Nongkhrong and the Pharisee'
O/C Rynjah PS 0364-2230402, I/C Police Control Room, Shillong: 0364-2222214 / 2222215.
The President of the Seng Kur is in one Christian church, the Vice-President is in another Christian church.
He said that when he came here, he wore the Khasi dress because he respected the Khasi dress and culture, unlike Modi who came here in Khasi dress but attacked the Khasi culture.
How shocking it is to see that the Khasi youths in their bright clothes, standing jawdud masala while the Dkhars are struggling to earn thousands of dollars a day.
Authorities have sent more soldiers and police to the area to fight the militants, the reports said.
The President of the Ïatyllilang Driver Association, Bah H.Rymbai, said that the reason for the support of the strike is because all the drivers have faced a lot of difficulties to pass through this road. The KSU East Jaintia Hills Chess Council (KSU) East Jaintia Hills has been involved in the construction of the road for 10,000 tyngka. Seeing the plight of the people, this union of drivers also came to support.
NEHUSU has urged the students to gather in front of the Administrative Block today at 12 noon to demand the arrest of those involved in this incident by 6 pm. They will force them to close down the University until all the perpetrators are arrested.
Mizoram Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla, 80, has resigned this evening and handed over his resignation letter to Kummanam Rajasekhar.
Shillong: The employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) today decided to temporarily end their strike.
:The famous Khasi singer, Adoryllene Lily Sawian has released her new song through an interview with a media outlet for 10 years.
However, the JSU has been monitoring Ayush's behavior and has demanded that the government should immediately remove him from the state quota to study MBBS in collaboration with the village leaders of Thangskai.
However, the authorities and experts have warned that the change in the weather this year could cause the collapse of these mountains at any time and therefore it is not safe for the climbers to They went up to the hills while they could not verify the condition of these hills.
“The people should not vote for the 5,000 they receive once every five years but should vote for development projects," he urged the people.
Over the years, the number of fish farmers increased.
“Yes, the government has no intention of upgrading Shillong Polytechnic to Shillong Engineering College,” he said.
In the first innings, St. Anthony's College scored 138 runs in 20 overs and set a target of 139 runs for Shillong College.
Thus, they better understand how wildlife and birds help from time to time to improve and maintain the environment, which is full of forty species of beneficial life. to us the children of men and the household of their parents.
The three committees are the Governing Body headed by the Chief Minister, the Steering Committee headed by the Chief Secretary and the Executive Committee headed by the PCCF of the Forest Department. state for the purpose of using this money for the replanting of trees in the shrah areas.
The Seng also said that the stinginess and unfairness of the Meghalaya government has affected the families in these border areas.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah and National Vice President of the NPP, Bah Prestone Tyngsong, during the election campaign in Sohiong, has warned that there will be a change in the MDA government after the elections. He advised the parties involved in the NPP bus not to leave before being shocked.
It is said that the land at Raid Shabong, from Khap Umru to Umsong, was called Ri Sawkur to commemorate the four tribes of Kur, who lost their lives during the battle. that long.
In Nagaland through research we have found that there is oil and petrol, we have also learned that these are also available in Meghalaya,” he said.
“This was a step that could have benefited the Congress in 2023, but they have rejected this, they can issue letters as they want but we have gone accordingly. the Constitution of India and we have not done anything illegal”.
“This Congress government has failed, Shillong has failed three times to get the Smart City project,” he said.
Modi, while expressing his satisfaction with the ability to connect the railway lines, expressed his regret over the condition of the railway stations which remained the same as 100 years ago and said there was a need to change. away from them.
And the blood of the bullock shall be sprinkled before the altar seven times.
HYC Shillong City Publicity Secretary HYC Shillong City also expressed its regret over the authorization of the Rangbah Shnong of Mawtawar to allow foreign workers to work in the area, according to the contractors. bah Kyrshan Kharjahrin.
The Jaintia Dorbar strongly opposes the Government of Meghalaya to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District unless it first implements the ILP in Khasi Jaintia Hills District to become a strong law to protect us Khasi Pnars from the illegal entry of foreigners. pictures Ri in Jaintia Hills.
In this regard, the Superintendent of Police has requested those who have seen and known the girl, to immediately inform the police stations in Meghalaya and neighboring states, so that the suspect can be found. young.
It is therefore believed that the Shillong Western Bye-pass will run from east to west or from east to west of Lum Diengiei and also from the less steep parts.
No one was injured in the incident.
She complained that in a close relationship, the man had deceived her until she was willing to send money to him. She told the police that the money she sent had amounted to She had sent T.3 lakh to different accounts and places, but she was shocked later when she was cheated by her Facebook friend.
In another match of the same tournament, Ryntih SC beat Lawsohtun 2-1 goals.
The residents of these two villages are now in financial crisis and fear because if it rains again, the houses near the river will be flooded.
No procession is allowed on the way to the idols.
"Many of them live in dhabas and on the streets" she said.
Before the counting of votes, the BJP workers have been preparing to celebrate the Victory Day today and the preparations include the purchase of a 7 kilo cake of cake. The laddoo suda and six other cakes, weighing about 4-5 kilos and these cakes, worth T.1,000 per kilo, will be distributed to the public this evening at the BJP headquarters in Delhi.
Two people were injured in the incident and the roof of the shop was damaged and a house nearby was destroyed. , is damaged.
Bihar lost all wickets for 164 runs, the players rested for a while and Meghalaya, which came to tied, didn't have a chance to score runs and only Raj Biswa did. Kishan Lyngdoh and Kishan Lyngdoh scored nine runs each but Kishan Lyngdoh was bowled for the loss of a wicket at the end of the sixth over.
for the future of the nation.
Our people, when the water reaches their throats, they protest, they start wondering why they haven't implemented it since 1972,” he said.
Once a Khasi woman has become a khyllah jait and given a jait to her husband, she loses her jait birth identity.
Dr. Ricky also thanked the people of the country who have come to support Bah Ardent since he went on hunger strike on the 23rd of this month.
After the struggles and handshakes during the election months, the new MDA government will now take effect from 7th June 2023, the day on which the 12 Ministers of the Meghalaya government will eat. smile.
The MLA also informed that on his part, he will look into upgrading the school to Higher Secondary.
Treiborlang Suchen urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to listen to the demands of the EMRI workers and to look into the problems of these workers as many of them are indigenous.
Amit Shah promised to invite them to discuss before taking any decision.
SHILLONG: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) will hold a meeting of SSA teachers in East Khasi Hills District on the 14th of this month at Riatsamthiah Community Hall, Shillong. School at 11 pm to discuss the incorrect salary of SSA teachers in East Khasi Hills District and other issues of teachers.
Shillong: U Bah M Ebortre Roin, Addl. Building, Meghalaya Civil Secretariat, Shillong, on Tuesday at 3.45 pm, found that the battery of a generator had been stolen by unknown persons. put it in the Secretariat.
You are the one who asked me for directions.
The people who live in this area live as they did a hundred years ago.
“Oh yes, I sent you because I haven't seen you for a long time.
THIS SHALL BE AN ELECTION WITH A DIFFERENCE...“...thou shalt choose out of all the people men of understanding, men that fear God, men that are upright, men that hate iniquity; and thou shalt make them rulers over thousands, and hundreds, and fifties, and tens" (Exodus 18.21).
He said that the Taxi Drivers Union urges all taxi drivers to cooperate on this new fare arrangement in Jowai.
There were 3 young men who were trained there.
In addition, 428 Khasi branches have been established across the Khasi Hills and 16 new branches have been established.
The Minister also said that he will discuss with the Assam Government in this regard,” he said, adding that this will not be a problem.
Then I asked her, "What do you mean when you say, it is better to be a human being than a religious being?"
“The HSPDP is talking about uranium to blame Bah Shylla and the UDP, but this is no longer an issue to be discussed because the central government will not mine uranium anymore in the state,” he said.
In 1923, the Khasi National Dorbar was formed and it was a special historical moment when the desire for self-government began to grow.
It is to be recalled that this allegation of extortion by the HPDA happened on the 3rd of this month when they allegedly went to extort money from shops in Khliehdupon Ladrymbai.
He urged the residents to reject rumors and ensure peace and order.
He added that next month, he will visit the site together with DHS officials and promised to lay the foundation stone of the new Red Cross Hospital. during his five years as Minister of Health.
After it was found that these foreigners who work along the road do not have proper documents, the leaders of the union, gave 10 days to them to provide and if they cannot provide, These 10 days, which means that the leaders of the union will leave to close down these shops which have been employed by foreigners.
He also called upon the people of the area to cooperate with these new leaders of the party. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate and especially to bring peace and development to the people in the area,” he added.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Eknath Shinde will take care of children who lost their parents in the earthquake in Irshalwadi village in Raigad district, the Shiv Sena said. .
All the speakers in the same voice expressed their opposition to the proposal to build a new landfill as it will affect the fields of the residents below the landfill.
How many millions of people will die no one can say.
I finished my third grade in the village and my mother decided to send me to the city in
In the first match, Mebanshan Kharsati was named Player of the Match.
These MLAs are from political parties including the National Democratic Progressive Party (NDPP), BJP and Naga People's Front (NPF), which have two MLAs each.
This incident of violence against the Khasi indigenous people in Manipur continues from time to time despite the statement of Shri Biren Singh, CM of Manipur before the KSU Shillong in 2022 that the Khasi people The residents of the area will receive protection from the government while the illegal immigrants will be evicted immediately. However, the situation in the area has worsened.
However, only one company has participated, which has prompted the Ministry to call a new one and I am sure that by June, this work will be completed and the construction of the road will resume,” said Prestone. The courtyard.
I tried to scream for help, my neck was stiff, my hands and feet were weak and Hepsing raped me inside the room,” said the woman.
In view of these factors, we would like to urge MeECL to immediately cut off the electricity especially from the factories and government offices and to provide electricity again after they have paid the bill. money.
“Please come without fail and invite your fellow kur members in your village so that the work and purpose of the kur khonglah will go smoothly,” said these elders.
He said that in the past few years, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has sold the vision of the people of the country.
What we can witness is that through these tourist attractions many young people, women and the elderly can get opportunities to become road leaders, shopkeepers, shopkeepers. shelters, parking managers, drivers and also voluntary organizations to run such places (such as the San Shnong Youth Welfare Organization which runs the Elephant Valley), employment opportunities for the villages and hima as a support to them and to the private owners of such land.
Other speakers on the occasion were Samla Auguster Jyrwa, General Secretary, Joe Joplin Marbaniang, Environmental Secretary, Lambokstar Marngar, Finance of the KSU and Bah JO Lawai, former Secretary of KSU Mawryng. click Circle.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 25: Three persons including two husband and wife, have lost their lives in a road accident at Wapungskur village, East Jaintia Hills District this evening. Saturday.
“On behalf of the SAFF, I am honored to take this opportunity to welcome everyone to Delhi at this team meeting.
“I don't agree with that, there is no choice on the part of the party, every party that has many candidates in this election is a strong party and in that strong way, we have to agree, now we tomorrow we can be candidates and therefore there is no election," said Shangpliang.
Under his leadership, India has been able to produce up to 10 billion liters of milk.
Lens birth was supported by Thunun N Marak who scored 39 runs including one 4 and three sixes.
Furthermore, when inspecting the school, it was seen that there was a need to force the school building with trees from the back of the school so that it would not collapse. There is also a danger to the children and teachers of the school as the school building could collapse at any time as the construction of the school building has been going on for a long time.
The saying of the thinkers also says, “To make mistakes is human nature” and that we should never look only at others because we don't know that there is a bigger speck in our own eyes.
They also had the opportunity to talk to the journalists on various occasions, which have benefited the journalists of the state.
Similarly, to cut or remove the names of those who have died or fled the village and the mistakes will also be corrected at this time.
"Kluk, smile, when you look at the thieves, the chiefs are amazed.
These tins were handed over by the KSU Jowai Unit while taking part in the cleanliness drive organized by the Dorbar Shnong Mihmyntdu on Saturday.
The Nongshken MDC said she does not understand why he is asking this question now.
At the same time, it has banned that any person who tries to cause disturbance within the boundary of the village will be punished and handed over to the authorities of the law.
Our nation has been attacked since the invasion of the French during the reign of Syiem Tirot Singh, as we all know and we all know the main reason why Tirot Singh and the Rangbah Khasi stood up. against the British Government on the grounds of protecting the human rights of the people.
The speakers also threatened that if the Government takes too long to implement the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya, they will intensify their protest even if it reaches any limit.
Some of the elders, who did not want to be named, said that there is an urgent need to increase the number of beds at Riangdo CHC. to treat children and mothers (pediatric & gynecologist).
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: A nine-year-old girl, Mersia Saring, has done a great job by rescuing her four younger brothers when her house collapsed in Jair village. That's Ri-Bhoi.
The Trauma Center has been required to operate in Ri Bhoi where there have been tragic incidents such as injuries caused by car accidents, earthquakes, storms and other sudden incidents. If you don't have a Trauma Centre, you can get treatment for injuries or illnesses.
The Jaidbynriew wants full freedom so that citizens men, women and others can participate fully in politics and various activities.
One day, while they were traveling, Rogers said he said to Kamilah, “Don't worry, I want to tell you that I love your hair at the time of you smile".
When they arrived at Mawsynram, the police of the police station seized the vehicle number ML 05 R 7300 belonging to the woman. 0′′ or even no.
On the other hand, Tynsong said that crimes are crimes, without being based on the seriousness of the crimes,” he said.
The recipient of the awards was identified as Bah Hillford Kharlyngdoh, also known as Pasan Hill. .
The Myntdu River carried him from one Mawlong to another and he died.
The State and the citizens shall rise, strive and shape the future.
“Since the first days, the four MLAs have elected Hamletson Dohling and me to join the MDA government but there has been no There is no arrangement or agreement to appoint ministers after two and a half years and there is no expression from these two MLAs that they want to appoint ministers”.
The collision became more severe and the bus stopped in the middle and I thought that Dr Don would turn back, but when I came to see for a while, they said that he had gone to the other side and was riding a Sumo to Umniuh. Tamar.
Through investigation and RTI, the union found that these eight foreigners did not provide documents to prove that they are full citizens of Meghalaya.
The Deputy Commissioner has deployed inspectors at various places with their phone numbers inside the District Control Room.
Ampareen Lyngdoh received the PWD (Building), Information and Technology, Public Relation and Labour.
Of these, 254 are still infected and 50 have been treated.
All the elders, mothers and youth are invited to attend.
“Therefore, the idea is to introduce human rights laws to allow same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage, to allow KLIM, as it has been allowed in India.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Superintendent of Police (SGP) of West Jaintia Hills District has informed all truck drivers that if anyone collects money illegally they should not pay, and if they find such people they should inform the Superintendent. of Police Please call No 9436709532, 9856040406 or send us an email at spwjh@gmail.com.
Adelbert Nongrum has once again clarified that his mention of the name of Julius Dorphang in his statement regarding the accident of the Prime Minister's car is just an example without intending to criticize. one by one, and one mind shall be upon one another.
Besides, it is necessary for the village authorities to take responsibility for themselves, to create village laws and regulations to prevent the enemies from killing them. dohum.
The police chiefs in the state are only those who have completed the rank of MPS.
The MPCC wants those who wish to return to the state to call the numbers provided by the party.
During the meeting, many of the wine store owners said that in the past, the daily price of kyiad was about 10 lakh tyngka and more, but now they sell only T. 20 thousand rupees per day.
Simon Siangshai has died after suffering from an illness for about six months and was admitted to the Super Care Hospital, Shillong.
All these words we ourselves understand that they are sad words, but it is surprising to say that the Khasi use them as good words by saying that they are words of praise, or words of love and also, They are used as stress words, but they do not think that these are words that reflect the immorality of those speakers themselves.
The Government does not authorize anyone, whether individual or group, to collect taxes.
Shillong, March 3: The Dorbar Shnong Seng Longkmie and Samla Mawlai Phudmuri will hold a ceremony to honor the Master Degrees and PhDs of Mawlai Phudmuri Village. children aged 10 to 18 years including boys and girls.
The Minister has directed the officers in the districts to introduce different methods of working in each village, each town in the districts, if necessary.
It can be said that the rule of the NPP-led MDA Government with Conrad Kongkal Sangma as the Prime Minister has been very weak and has faced mass protests since the beginning and now this time it is too late. and the severe outbreak of Coronavirus is still causing sin and confusion among the people.
It is true and appropriate that the price should be made public and especially the list of prices should be posted in those shops or in the newspapers so that all people know.
But if you fear God, God will bless you.
Not only that, the Zoram People's Movement (ZPM) government, which has overthrown the MNF government, has also decided that this will apply even to the Ministers of the Government where they will have to use vehicles. by the old Ministers.
Private astronauts will need to cover the cost of:Regenerative life support and toilet: $11,250 per dayCrew supplies (food, air, medical kit, etc): $22,500 per dayStowage: $105 per dayPower: $42 per kiloWatt/hourData downlink: $50 per Shillong: Doctors today revealed that the tyllai in the neck of Kong Iohbianghun Sahkhar has not been injured at all.
Wallam Kharbithai scored 47 runs from 51 balls and Manik Das scored 17 runs from 22 balls.
He said the KHADC should not give permission at all regarding the uranium and also the construction of the railway.
Hundreds of people attended the meeting conducted by Bah Roykupar Synrem General Secretary of the HYC.
The VPP is determined to empower the youth without discrimination of any race and also to prepare them to be equal to other youth in India as a whole.
How can the people justify if they don't know what the candidates and political parties promise to do when they reach the goal?
The union also demanded that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare should remove Ayush Kumar from the MBBS doctoral roll and should give scholarships to indigenous students.
According to the UDP MLA, the party will not rest until the truth is found.
John 1:1-4.
The MLA expected that the works will start immediately and requested the senior officers to work together with the Dorbar Shnongs to carry out the works especially during this rainy season which will benefit the people. the paid citizens.
The Chief Minister said that as the State Government is facing a shortage of funds, there is no way for the State Government to allocate up to T.190 crore to save the factory.
Bah Bindo, said that Bah Bring Buhai Lyngdoh is one of the leaders who has guided him in politics, because when he entered politics in Bah BB Lyngdoh has been in the government and one of the leaders.
“Education is the most powerful weapon of man through which we can change the world”.
The BJP government's action is the beginning of the end of the Naga people in the world, said the GNF. "This action of the BJP government is to make India a Hindu country and the foundation stones to achieve the goal of the RSS This action of the Minister of Home Affairs is a new form of Hinduization of the Naga country in the 1950s.
The polling for the elections of Madhya Pradesh will be held on 17th November, 2023, in Rajasthan on 23rd November, 2023 and in Telangana on 30th November,
I greet you all, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ who has conquered death and who has promised to be with us every day.
The arrested include former Rangbah Shnong Bah Brick Star Nongbet (1995), current Rangbah Shnong Bah DL Nong Lait, Secretary Bah W. Wahlang and four other members of the executive committee. The Dorbar Shnong is located in the Mawhati Constituency.
He said the party will not take part in the strike but it is the personal will of Bah Nongrum as the working president of the party.
Titos said he does not accept the Administrator's rule in the Hima Sohra and if it happens he will immediately remove it.
Therefore, he said that as youngsters, when they do any work, they should also set a goal where they want to achieve because without a goal they will not reach victory.
There are also laws that have been passed or discussed to be passed, such as the attempt to amend the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act in 2018, the Clan Bill and others that point fingers against and condemn the relatives, especially to women, who marry outside the race, are a violation of the human nature to love and violate the free will to choose and love.
The victory of Sohiong is to elect the party in government,” he said.
“If he refuses to inspect the schemes implemented in the country this month and if he does not appoint a Magisterial Inquiry, the people will know that he is trying to politicize the JJM scheme and trying to cover up the corruption. within the PHE department, the firm or the contractor or the third party and he is also involved in the corruption of the JJM scheme. .
For children to be healthy they must eat healthy food and the main purpose of this school garden is to provide the food that children need to grow.
The question now is, the people should find out who is the MLA who is still holding the post of teacher.
The posting of posts is illegal, without the permission of the district authorities, such as the Deputy Commissioner (Election) East Khasi Hills District and other government departments.
Speaking on the occasion, Amit Shah, who in fact had sent them for two or three days to meet, said, “U (Amit Shah) sent us to talk to G Kishan Reddy, because he was in Ahmedabad.
At the meeting, sources said that they have decided not to listen to the speech of the BJP chief from Delhi but the final decision they want to hear now is from the BJP. President Amit Shah said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
At 2 pm, two Congress leaders, Jitu Patwari and his son Digvijaya Singh, who are ministers in the Kamal Nath government, took the two MLAs from the hotel. in Haryana and took them to Bhopal.
He said that during the meeting, the union and the KHADC discussed the letter sent by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District who requested the list of jait and kurs from the KHADC before issuing the Schedule Tribe.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Rangbah Shnongs of the city have been summoned to appear before the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in connection with the incident on 27th July 2015 at the Kashari High Court. Meghalaya during the hearing of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC for his speech against the decision of the Court on Rangbah Shnong.
Saralin Wankhar was surprised by the visit of the Union Minister to the village hall.
Therefore, as Ri Bhoi District has produced a lot of electricity and has collected a lot of revenue from the production of electricity, it is time for the Electricity Department of the State Government to think separately for the country. Bhoi and that is that the 132 KV Power Station should be implemented.
He said the government should investigate the cause of the increase in insurgency and other issues related to insurgency because even after signing many agreements with various groups or organizations, but many new organizations are emerging.
He also warned that if the leaders of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress cannot apologize within a few days, the NPP will not hesitate to take strong action.
He said that the people have had to appeal to the elders and leaders of War Jaintia, so that the government will be pleased to expedite as much as possible the implementation of the problems especially the roads, paths and most importantly. eh is the light where at all times the area does not get enough light.
It is the States which do not want to promote the “most backward” to the “least backward” and the “least backward”, who violate many Articles of the Constitution.
The CEM of KHADC said that the name of the new EM will be submitted to the Governor for approval.
Finally, I would like to urge the Dorbar Kur of all the Khasi Kurs in the Bri u Hynniewtrep and especially the KHADC which is the special legislative body for the protection of the Ri-Khasi and the Hynniewtrep people from the invasion. To pass a special law to protect us from the marriage of Khasi women and men within the borders of the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
“These are the things that have caused dissatisfaction with the actions of this government regarding the settlement of the border because the government has acted quickly in this regard,” he said.
In fact, if it continues to support the NPP until 2028, the NPP will become nil or zero.
On the other hand, Bah Lyngdoh said that there has been an indication that Assam has agreed to participate in the inspection in October this year.
This explanation shows how the stems of these plants were cut, and others were removed after the stems had appeared and could be planted again.
Shillong: North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday said that the government's intention to give special land to the residents of Them Iewmawlong is just a drama of the government.
He said that according to the article published on 9th June, 2022, it is clear that those names are not farmers, but they are people of dignity and manners and this is only for the benefit. of your household, your family.
Nongpoh: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, today informed the public that the body of a body recovered by the Ri Bhoi Police from Pung Umiam, has not been found yet and is still in the Civil Mortuary. Nongpoh Hospital.
In addition, there are also new marks launched by organizations recently, in which they offer against freebies.
To date, there are 1,000 people who have been born with two genital organs.
“It is easy to criticize others when they are in office but you forget when they were MLAs and in office what you have done for the entire constituency.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division, Amlarem has announced the release of NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA rice for the month of November 2021 to Fair Price Shop Dealers till 16th November .
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Hek said that Meghalaya and the country as a whole have celebrated this day to commemorate the birth anniversary of Dr. Verghese Kurien, known as the father of the White Revolution, who worked hard to develop and bring about change in the dairy sector through his hard work and contributions to the development of agriculture ( cows) to produce income generating employment.
“We have to find those involved to hand over these vehicles to Self Help Groups (SHGs) or private individuals,” he added.
Shillong, Naitung 3: Although the incident occurred late, the students of NEHU who are staying inside the hostel, although the incident happened on the 25th of July 2016, 2016.
Everyone ate chips, but they didn't think that one chip was sold for T5 or T1
“Speaking to media, Pala said that the Congress members should find new ways to attract the leaders or the people to the party and therefore the Congress. It will seek new ways through modern technology to attract MLAs/MDCs or supporters of other parties to the Congress.
On the other hand, Bah Sothenes Sohtun MLA Jirang also announced that he will donate Rs 10,000 per month for 3 years for 10 TB patients in Jirang Constituency as a sign of encouragement. Speaking on the occasion, Dr.M Mawrie State Tuberculosis Officer said that India has the highest number of TB cases among the countries. Meghalaya has 3054 cases, and 253 cases are in Ri-Bhoi District and are undergoing treatment.
“We are still waiting for news to meet Amit Shah.
The incident happened at 9 pm, when the truck was about to head towards Byrnihat, but when it reached the Byrnihat area, The road has turned to Shillong.
He said that the National Cooperative Development Corporation (NDC) has allocated T.215 crore.
Speaking on the occasion, the National President said that the party is ready to contest across the states whether it is for the MLA or MP elections especially in those states where don't be afraid.
“We should not be misled every three years and we should choose on the basis of all aspects, not on the basis of money, alcohol or happiness only once, the election is not “It's a festival that will be happy once every five years and painful every five years, but the election is an opportunity to change the leaders who don't work well,” he said.
Many farmers' organizations have staged protests against the release of water from KRS Dam and Kabini Reservoir.
This will help the state a lot, otherwise the state will continue to face electricity shortages over the years.
The question is why the government department or the Social Welfare Department in charge of the welfare of children has not properly implemented the law to protect children from food poisoning. The new Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act has come into force on the 15th of this month. July 2016 but until now it has not been heard that the authorities have arrested or punished those who violate this Act whether it is the sellers or the buyers as well.
Milancy Khongstia scored in the 5th minute, Arnesius Marwein in the 51st minute and Kitboklang Pale in the 82nd minute.
Shillong: On the 6th June 2022, members of the KSU Shillong Circle, including members of Mawprem, Mawkhar, Jaïaw and Upper Shillong Circle, suddenly raided all the shops and food shops in Shillong. ruled by the foreigners in the parts of the Jews.
The Dorbar Shnong Nongthymme East Jaintia Hills has announced that it has decided to postpone the fete village which was scheduled to be held on - 20 -21 days of this month.
Khliehriat, March 9: The Vice President of the Meghalaya State Congress Party (MSP) in Moolang, Bah Piwell Shylla, has announced that he has resigned. from the Congress party and the reason for his departure is for his own personal reasons.
The team won seven medals on the opening day of the tournament, including two gold, two silver and two bronze.
The Kur system among the Khasi is something surprising and rare to find. From this Kur system we can understand and confirm that we come from the same ancestors and we are one Jaidbynriew. that the Khasi and Jaintia (Pnar and War) are the same nation as appears in many writings.
Nongpoh: The Plasha Nongbah Presbyterian Church of Ri Bhoi Synod, on Tuesday celebrated its 25th Silver Jubilee. The Church, which was established as a branch of the Diwon Presbyterian Church in
However, because they want to be exposed and gain more respect in front of the public, there are those who support them and there are those who support them.
In Nongkseh, the PHE Department has allocated Rs 15.84 crore for the implementation of the scheme for 1230 households while in Umlyngka, Rs 28.89 crore has been allocated for 2242 households.
The next match ended in a draw between Rangad SC and Lumshken SC. Three players of Happy Red Rooster MMA won the International MMA Tournament. , Apex Combat which was held in Dimapur on 30th November this year.
“The people of the country remember Modi's promise on these auspicious days to provide Rs 15 lakh in the bank accounts of all citizens of the country, to provide 2 crore jobs to the unemployed youth and many others. said Bobbeeta.
The link to participate in the meeting online will be shared with those who wish.
Replying to a question, Bah Sniawbha said the government welcomes the HPC to speak on the issue if they wish.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Sawkmie said that although he is no longer an MLA, he will continue to serve the people and urged them not to lose heart, as he will always be with them.
Prestone said that we have given them the documents they requested and it is up to them to read and find out the truth. When journalists try to ask about these issues, the ED “We have done our duty and the ED will do its duty and I don't want to say anything on this issue,” he said.
It also allows farmers to live better lives.
“The Mumbai Cricket Association expresses its deep sorrow over the passing away of Sudhir Naik.
The Catholic Parish Jowai on the 19th of this month visited the house to express its condolences on the death of (L) Nimai Phawa who is survived by three children.
“If the government does its job properly, we don't need to complain but the government's inaction has made us come forward as a party that looks after the welfare of the people,” he said.
“For this reason, we have left it to the wisdom of the ksiang and the ksiang have started doing the work,” he said. “But we have already made it clear that the Central and State Governments have taken care of this issue and please to complete the work as soon as possible"
The University Grant Commission (UGC) has introduced the CUET for the admission of Under Graduate (UG) students in all colleges affiliated to Central Universities for the session 2022-2
National Treasurer James K Sangma presented the report on the party's annual budget for 2023-2023, which is in accordance with Article 23 (V) of the party's constitution.
Shillong: The KSU Mynksan Unit through its General Secretary Samla Garland S Manner, on Tuesday expressed its dissatisfaction with the issuance of smart cards by the relevant department in Mynksan village. to shondur, even if they have waited all day and after calling the village to come to the smart card shondur; However, the sad thing is that even after waiting all day, they didn't get the chance to shoot, because the photographers said that the network and light were not enough.
The Government has also directed them to submit a report on the current situation of these seven areas including Langpih, Nongwah-Mawtamur, Deshdoomreah and Block-II in the country. Block-I and Psiar-Khanduli in West Jaintia Hills district.
The priests and Levites who traveled ahead of the Samaritan on that road from Jerusalem to Jericho did not even look at the man who had been beaten and robbed to death. he did not reach out his hand to help him.
Kangana's house was searched at 11 pm today and stopped after 10.30 hours after the Bombay High Court issued a search warrant.
A total of 101 churches including Presbyterian and Baptist churches have written to the Mizoram government to provide rooms or halls of worship as part of the conversion of them into quarantine facilities. center' within the state.
They feel that they have no sin and that others are nothing before them in the worship of God.
The party calls upon the state government not to interfere because the future of our state lies in the youth so that they can continue their studies.
Through the inspection of the cows, it was found that there were challans and sohshkor which were different from those they used to receive.
There will also be an 18-year-old boy, Daemen, who will be the youngest to fly into space.
In East Garo Hills, there are 17 cases, including 5 High Risk Contacts, 1 Police, 10 Screening Purpose Cases, 8 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 7 ILI Cases.
In Sohra Sub-Division, there are 8 candidates, 4 from Sohra and 4 from Shella.
Many MLAs who intend to leave the party have now waited to leave the party after the end of the dorbar but the delay in convening the dorbar is a ploy by the Prime Minister to prevent the collapse of his government. .
Suja said there are about 2 lakh Khasi Pnars living in Barak Valley, including Cachar, Karimganj and Hailakandi districts. you are the leader of the Sangha.
Camera footage captured by CCTV in Marrakech showed the earthquake, and people started running and screaming and others sought shelter to escape being trapped in the rubble. of the house that was destroyed.
The Government of Meghalaya has implemented the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 with the aim of ensuring the safety of the residents of the state by scrutinizing the residents living in different parts of the state.
“Such incidents should not happen on any side of the party to disrupt another party which is conducting its election campaign,” said Bah Adelbert.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has vowed to march tens of thousands of people to the border to protest against Assam if Assam continues to harass the indigenous people living in the area. border.
