“Dr. Mukul is a terrible thief because he has an intention to divide the people of Khliehriat and Lumshnong area by causing division among the people of the area,” said Joinriwel Pyrtuh MDC. you are in Bataw.
In order to carry out the services of the party for the people, the HYC Nongpoh Circle, while opening the new office at Dulongnar, has also confirmed the office bearers from the President, Secretary and also other party leaders within the Unit.
On the other hand, he is still in the morning, so he doesn't know exactly but he promised in front of these leaders, that he will send a letter to the Tourism Department on this matter.
However, perhaps these will be more useful to discuss again after the election, when we have those leaders and rulers.
On the other hand, if the UDP with 11 members, the VPP with four members and the TMC with four members cannot make friends or do not agree to work together, perhaps they can form the Liang. There is a strong opposition because many of the MLAs in these groups are intelligent leaders, intelligent and also reluctant to speak.
“Any issues that have been brought before him, he will take responsibility to visit those places and ensure that the work goes smoothly.
Shillong, March 7: After being forgotten in the Hima Mylliem, in the past few days, during the visit of the chiefs to Iewduh, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has started turning to the Hima Mylliem to The Hima should ensure that the market should be clean, safe and free from all kinds of evils.
The removal of Bah Titos as CEM is not due to any reasons or work in KHADC. MDCs in KHADC except for a few are happy with the EC of Bah Titos.
“45 students of colleges, schools and school dropouts have been arrested for drinking alcohol in this area of ​​Nan Polok,” said the SP. Four were women.
“Why didn't the Congress leaders listen to the request of the MLAs, MDCs and members who wanted Bah Charles Pyngrope to be the President of the MPCC as agreed by all?” he asked.
Dorothy Roy Tariang from Jowai received the Gold Medal for achieving the highest grade in the MBA program from Assam Don Bosco University with the highest Cumulative Grade Point Average. CGPA) is 9.29 out of
The election was attended by the Dolloi of Nartiang Elaka, H Dhar.
Environment Secy- Kyrchan Samayang.
The lympung was enriched by the performance of the youth of Lumshnong.
The UDP held a meeting to introduce the candidate in front of the leaders of the two parties at the UDP office yesterday.
The Chairperson together with the Secretaries, members of the Commission and Coordinator met with the staff of these offices to discuss with the staff on how to strengthen these offices for protection. and assistance to women who are victims of violence.
“We may have differences of opinion here and there, we expect them to come with respect where groups or NGOs should know about it, but when they come with surprise and They don't respect the District Council especially their leaders who have admitted that they know and understand the law. We expect them to know and respect the District Council. ".
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The KSU Ranikor Circle has sought information through RTI on the receipt of assistance to the victims of the natural disasters in 2016 and 2017 in Ranikor C&RD Block. .
In a statement, the KSU through its General Secretary Robert June Kharjahrin said that the KSU will not allow the Meghalaya government to allow illegal members to stay in the district. Garro.
They expressed their gratitude to Kong Ïalam Suchiang from Sahsniang, who took Kordorlang Shadap from this Longkmie from Umpowin and especially for taking care of him. and he hath raised him up as his own son unto this day.
In another match, Mawlai Sports Club beat Umsohsun SC 3-0 goals. JV Langstang scored hat tricks in the 3rd, 27th and 32nd minutes.
However, his average of 11.51 was the highest in the Top
However, because he is a doctor himself, he has violated the rules of the State Government, whether it is isolation or staying alone. quarantine or self-care and even social distancing or staying away from others and if so, the doctor does not understand the onset of the disease in his body, (we pray to God, that not happen); but it was a big risk, because the doctor met many, many dozens of people a day.
If any school does not wish to accept these documents issued by the Government, please inform the Deputy Inspector of School.
At the same time, the government should not only look at West Khasi Hills, but also East Jaintia Hills and South West Khasi Hills where the coal mines are operating.
He said that at present, according to the reports received, the dam is still complete and complying with the safety regulations.
She said that the bridge has not worked properly and even for small vehicles to pass, it has become too slow for heavy vehicles especially those carrying overloaded vehicles.
Leaders and members of the KSU, FKJGP and JSM who came to Lapangap to protest against the construction of Assam road from Tahpat, Langkeroi and Lapangap were present at the meeting.
Therefore, the Central Government cannot decide on this.
The beneficiaries have quarried stones from the Lukha River especially in the area between Kuliang and Borsara villages on the India-Bangladesh border.
Shillong: The Congress Legislative Party (NC) has decided to take the matter to the House to seek clarification on the failure of the state government. to use the funds allocated by the World Bank to build roads in the state.
Life has become increasingly difficult, increasingly difficult, increasingly sad and miserable.
The price of cows for Muslims who belong to the union and who slaughter in the state is T.240 per kilo.
He said the technology age should not destroy the characteristics of traditional heritage and the government when implementing technology, should also preserve traditional practices.
Meanwhile, the Accoland authorities have announced on television that the park will be closed for nine days while it is being repaired.
Replying to a question, the Congress leader said, “We will take a decision in due course.
To issue public notice regarding this Phang to various Dorbar Shnongs through the DIPR department so that the people can take the necessary action.
The Chief Secretary of the State also handed over to Justice Katakey a report stating that all the orders of the courts have been implemented and this is according to the report dated 19th November the courthouse.
Oriland Shylla, General Secretary Dorbar Chnong Chilliangraij in his speech urged the children to reflect and implement whatever training they have received from time to time through teachers and experts.
To avoid the power outage, the Dorbar Shnong has advised MeECL to stop spending or wasting the money collected from the electricity bills of the people which amounts to tens of crores of rupees per month.
When Dr Sailo was alive and treating people in the hospital, everyone praised, loved and respected him.
He said that he is ready to help any students who are in difficulty to continue their studies.
According to CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing, the land has already been distributed by Rilong Village to the father of Lyndra Mawlong and Phlora Nongrum. , but suddenly on the day of the funeral, a man named Swanding Nongspung, who was appointed by the Hima Mylliem as a member of the village, came and stopped the village. you're yours.
“Besides, he said that he always tries to cook Khasi dishes whenever he gets the chance especially at big festivals.
Father Cilia was also awarded the Meghalaya State Award for Social Service in
Speaking to media after the meeting with Subir Sangma, Bah VG Lapang said that the meeting with the Chief Superintendent of Police was unsuccessful. contact one officer to another and from one police station to another.
The AJMRW&LU has given time to the state government to increase the wages of their workers and demanded the immediate implementation of the Meghalaya Regular Casual Workers Scheme 1996 (MRCW) by 30th April. The union has vowed to take to the streets again to protest against the appeal.
The meeting was attended by the President of Karbi Anglong District Congress Committee and former Minister Sum Ronghang, leading Congress leaders Birensingh Engti, former MLA Joyram Engleng, Ashok. Teron and Ratan Engti, former EMs of KAAC. On the other hand, the President of the Congress party in Assam, Bhupen Kumar Borah, admitted that the people are waiting for the victory of the Indian team in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. About 600 BJP workers have joined the Congress party under the leadership of Jagatsing Engti, Pradip Diphusa and Kathar Bey.
“Although the (Government) implements the rule of law in Meghalaya, but the whole of Meghalaya falls under the rule of the state and that is why we call it the Khasi Hills, the Garo Hills and the Jaintia Hills and All Administrative Districts created within the State have their own Hills as a reminder that the State is responsible for the administration of Khadar under the provisions of the Hill Provision enshrined in the Constitution. "ri," said Marak.
Why don't you ask the wise or the wise?
“We do not agree with the rules laid down in the Ordinance where the government has tried to force and arrest the Rangbah Shnong,” he said.
Income and economic growth come because of the thinking of the wise and intelligent rulers.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government has approved to ban the travel of Ministers and officers abroad by allowing them to travel only twice a year with proper reasons if they wish to travel abroad once. second.
Vehicles heading from Upper Shillong to Jingkieng Umshyrpi, have been stopped, and it was seen that the traffic jam has reached near the army camp, which leads to the Nongstoin highway.
Similarly, as the leaders of any party or supporters, they should not criticize those who do not want to support or follow them.
At the end of the match, medals and trophies were awarded to both the teams by the chief guest and the President of the Governing Body, RghBS Rumnong.
Meirad Nam Tariang, resident of Raliang, West Jaintia Hills, passed away on 5/9/2
These people from overseas entered the country with the help of Bangladeshis and Indians living on the border, the report said.
The Acting Syiem said that there are 218 private individuals who have applied for pata in the Metor area but the Mylliem Hima has not given them. there on a 1 acre lot.
However, at this time I would like to ask about the suffering and death of Jesus Christ.
Many times when we think of Heaven, we imagine and see happiness and peace.
The tournament was inaugurated by the EAC of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Gautam Warjri. The meeting was conducted by the Secretary Shnong and Secretary of the club, Bah Ampli Rupsi. The club, Bah Deihok Sumer, said that the special purpose of the tournament is to promote sports which is supported by the CMYDS through the office of the Deputy Commissioner East. Jaintia Hills District Khliehriat.
Ka Kiad :- I love to buy thiad and khaw from the market.
Now the farmers call you “Sir/Madam” but at that time you will call the farmers “Sir/Madam” so that you can get food.
Regarding the arrest of these foreigners, Samla Hercules Suting, President of the HYC, Ri Bhoi, said that these foreigners who have entered the state in the form of smugglers , where they entered the state without being detained at the Byrnihat COVID-19 Screening check point or a designated place, for the purpose of checking the health of these people who entered the state. .
“The NPP leader gave an example recently, on 20th June, Balsan Marak turned against the people of NPP,” said the NPP leader. the law.
Shillong, Nailur 07: UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh on Tuesday said that 2018 will be the year of change in the government and this year will belong to the UDP. 2018 will be our turn,” said Dr Mawthoh.
When it comes to employment, it is not only about government jobs but it is also about starting your own business and becoming your own master.
They have never touched the ground and they don't know what kind of soil is fertile and what kind of soil is barren.
“The Khasi Pnars are not foreigners and illegal residents as written by the CEM of KAAC,” said Robertjune and warned the CEM of KAAC to stop before speaking.
One woman, born in Skopje, North Macedonia, on August 26, 1910, whom the world knows as Mother Teresa of Calcutta, cannot be forgotten.
I have lost a close friend, a leader of the State, a man of trust and who can be trusted”.
this was really strange, which surprised the people.
“Lydia, I suspect something about what you and your father have done, why do you love Bah Bor so much now?
This explains the violent destruction of trees, forests and wildlife by mankind for the sake of temporary wealth.
Regarding the Free Coaching Class, Samla Shemphang Masharing, said that they have seen the problems faced by the students, especially in the past few months. Many rural children are not able to hold online classes due to the lack of network, so in order to help such youths , has urged the Seng Samla Shnong Mawlasnai, to take this step, so that it will help those students who are preparing for Matric examination this year.
Besides the soldiers, one civilian was also shot dead in the clash between the soldiers and the insurgents.
Nongstoiñ, March 22: The residents of Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, Bah Gigur Myrthong, have reminded and demanded that the MLA/MDC of Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division should be implemented as a full Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division. You are welcome and expected by all the residents of the village.
Shillong, Nailur 3: The MPCC has dissolved the old Pynursla Block Congress Committee and started creating a new Block with the appointment of Bah Han Khongtani as its President. not new to this Block.
Preparations are underway, according to officials of the department, about 5,000 EVMs have been sent to a manufacturing company in Hyderabad.
Many of the Shnong/Hima authorities also did not want to provide the necessary information about these two groups.
He said that as the CEM, he has decided to release 50 percent of their arrears and has already directed the officers to carry out the work.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Thursday questioned the NPP-led government over the delay in filling the 3367 thousand polling stations. Sanction Posts in various departments of the Government.
Chare Mulieh scored a hat-trick to give Sabahmuswang the lead.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday said that the state government has started preparing the requirements for the implementation of the works at Captain Williamson Sangma State University.
During the inspection, the union had the opportunity to talk to the Vice Principal of the Institute in Khliehtyrchi.
At the same time, he said the Meghalaya government will follow up and continue to hold talks with the Assam government to find ways and means to resolve the border dispute.
The office has also sent a list of schools identified for linking with NIOS as training centres.
He said they are still waiting for the news from the state government.
At the time of writing, the Fire and Emergency Service and members of the Search and Rescue Team have not found the body of the man who is suspected to have died in the water. Police will continue to search for his body tomorrow.
Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew General Secretary said that the union has also decided to demand from the government to create the mechanisms to increase the price of agricultural products produced in the state The Minimum Support Price (MSP) has dropped significantly due to the price of rice, biscuits, kubi and all kinds of agricultural products. Commander Shangpliang President of the HFU has decided to open the farmers' market in Upper Shillong and agreed to The HFU has decided not to cut kilos or charge taxes at the market.
The Central Executive Committee of the Phawa-Suangshai Kur will be held on the 8th July at the Jowai Dorbar Hall.
He said that perhaps there is a lot of discrimination against these transgender people, perhaps that is why there are only 2 people who have registered their names on the electoral rolls.
They said that during some of the hearings, the investigation of the CBI team was said to be slow and lacking in implementation.
In another development, the FKJGP Nongthymmai Circle strongly condemns the incident which happened in Khyndailad where a clothing shop owner called “New Fashion” has treated Khasi women rudely.
There are 9 deaths.
The United States on Tuesday announced $1.2 billion in aid to Ukraine's military to strengthen Ukraine's air force in its war against Russia. .
The Ri Bhoi Water Sports and Tourism Co-operative Society (RIBCC) is pleased to announce that Pynshngain Kurbah, who played well, won the silver medal in the King's Championship. The Khelo India Youth Games were held at the Sahastradhara River in Maheshwar, Madhya Pradesh on the 5th and 6th of this month.
In East Khasi Hills, there are only 8 new cases.
For it is easier to remember the matters that are arranged than those that are clean.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Office of the Prime Minister of Meghalaya has donated T.2 lakh to the families of those who died in an accident in Nongspung, West Khasi Hills and T.50,0 sha who is injured.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 13: The Umyiap Youth Assembly, Umyiap District, has celebrated its Silver Jubilee on Saturday, 12th November at the Umyiap Presbyterian Church, Umyiap. The district is located in the Laitkseh Presbytery.
They recognized him as the only one, looking at the clothes he was wearing the day he went missing from home.
Not only that, he said, that the 2.5 particle smoke, has also polluted and burned the milk, which is cleaned and which is in the office, which is on either side of the landfill. in Mawiong.
From the vehicle, authorities after a raid recovered a bag containing 12 gold biscuits.
The tyrut was completed by lying on the ground, but the surprising thing was that in a few seconds, in front of the prison gate; Suddenly, a storm broke out at about 3.25 minutes, which is believed to be the cleansing of the tyrut ka smer.
Political parties, NGOs and the public should not allow the passage of this bill so that India will go from the mouth of a snake to the mouth of a snake or from the mouth of a coin in the fire in the years to come. how come.
And Samuel told all these things unto God.
He said that the Government has decided to allow even private individuals, who have not been named in the Search Committee, to submit applications, so that no one will feel that they have been deprived of the opportunity to apply for the job.
Besides maintaining peace and order, the Governor said that the Meghalaya Police Department has given due thought to improving the investigation of all incidents.
Speaking to reporters on Saturday, PK Dubey, IG, BSF, Meghalaya Frontier, said that the insurgents no longer have a permanent base in Bangladesh but only have secret hideouts. Most of them are said to be in the Chittagong area.
He said that Covid is not over and directed officials to strengthen screening measures, especially at airports flying international flights.
Karnataka BJP leader Anant Kumar Hegde has accused DK Shivakumar of doing this only to become Congress President in Karnataka and to defeat Sonia Gandhi and Hegde. “Look at a man who has just been released from Tihar jail, he wants to please an Italian (referring to Sonia Gandhi) to erect a statue of Jesus, to show his bravery”.
The Cabinet also discussed the directive received from the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs and thus decided to repeal the Act passed by the State Government.
Ardent said that if there are many candidates who have the same character to serve the people, the ticket should be vacant so that there will be no discrimination against anyone.
The fighting between the police of the two states has been going on for two years.
Regarding this, the Mawhati MDC said that he will send a letter to the CM in this regard.
Dr. Pakha Tesia, President, Indian Psychiatric Society was the chief guest.
“The wholesale price of piat per 100 kilos has reached T.8000 thousand tyngka and this shows the price increase and this can be told in advance to the public that piat will continue to increase until Christmas, and “This price increase has affected even us who sell in the market because there are too few buyers and this has affected the market,” said one of the Piat vendors in the market.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 86532 and out of these 83835 have recovered and 1490 have died.
The studio was inaugurated by the Moderator of the KJP Synod, Rev. GPL Gadew at 1 pm at the office of the KJP Synod Sepngi. KJP School in the presence of pastors and office bearers of the KJP Western Synod.
It is better for pastors to die than to kill their own children.
The death toll in New York City has risen to 2,400 with 67,500 infections and 4,159 deaths.
Jowai, Naiwieng 04: The All Jaintia Midday Meal Workers Union (AJMDMWU) today held its 4th Annual General Meeting. Members of the party from the Block and Districts of Mowtyrshiah Village have gathered on Lum Tiniang, the hill named after the story of Syiem Latympang.
“Now the NPP is rising thanks to the support of the people because it is willing to stand up and fight against the long-standing issues of the state.
He said that as the TMC candidate from Umroi Constituency, he still has the spirit to serve the people of Umroi Constituency and with his humility he requested the people to support him with faith. “If he comes back to power, he will be able to fulfill many of the aspirations of the people of Umroi Constituency,” he added.
All the injured were taken to Silchar Medical College Hospital (SMCH) for treatment.
These robbers have been involved in many incidents of violence such as robbery and attacks on schools, educational institutions and so on. , Zamfara and Katsina of Nigeria.
The SP's remarks came after the Legal Rights Observatory (LRO) spread a false rumor on Twitter alleging that they were members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU). He was involved in the incident at Mahadev Khola.
She studied abroad for 14 years in Maharashtra, Nashik and Pune before returning to volunteer in the state.
To promote tourism, the government will soon set up a Heritage Village in Sohra and build a footbridge connecting from Mawkdok view point to Swer village.
Politics is politics… don’t trust anyone.
Saw Lyngdoh Higher Secondary School will be the first school to qualify for the semifinals of the Under-17 Boys' District Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup organized by the District Sports Officer. Jowai at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Police have recovered 11 mobile phones, T.17,500 cash and commando uniforms from him.
The last days are near, the time of great distress.
On the other hand, Bah T. Lyngdoh Vice President of the HSPDP Nongstoin Area Unit, said that they will hold protests to protest against the decision of the State Election Committee. The decision was taken earlier to give the ticket to Bah Sanjied Shangrit, whom the Area Unit has already proposed.
The small authorities are called village governments, because they determine the manner of supervision and management of village affairs, directly by officials from among the villagers.
The tournament will continue on Thursday when Ladthalaboh will play against Salaroh at 1.30 pm and Khimusniang will play against Catholic Youth at 3 pm.
The Israeli government has sent troops to the West to retake territory from Hamas militants, and has also attacked Hamas positions in Gaza.
“In the name of upholding justice, it has produced another violation of the fundamental rights of the people,” he said.
Then the hole is covered with dried maize stalks or a stick.
The mother is the collector, the shepherd, the shepherd, the cleaner, the caretaker, the caretaker of the household and the children.
In the past few months, the government has been able to complete the construction of the Sub Health Center.
There was also heavy fighting in areas near Kyiv, including Bucha, Irpin and Hostomel.
Referring to the Department of Agriculture & Farmers' Welfare, he said that the state government has struggled to strengthen this department. services for farmers with 2,488 metric tonnes of agriculture and horticulture products worth Rs 7.8 crore.
Although the party has not yet announced its candidate, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy said earlier that the UDP will contest against Bah Pius Marwein who lost by a few votes. just finished.
On Sunday, the price of petrol in Delhi was T.75.78 per liter, after being hiked by 62 paise, and diesel was T.74.03 per liter, after being hiked by 64 paise.
“Dr. Ampareen had left the Congress in 2009 and shortly afterwards she turned to the UDP within 10 years and returned to the Congress.
The cross is the last time that Jesus exposes the weakness of the authorities who oppress the people and on the cross he also expresses the spirit of struggle and a life that does not surrender to the powers of the thieves. and those who have power.
I have transgressed the laws of man and the laws of God and that is why the drought, the bloodshed has come upon our household.
On the other hand, the reporter found that most of the coal miners in the area are foreigners and when asked whether they have the land they rent from the owners. When asked by the Khasi day laborers in the same area, they said, 'Just to get the bill, we have to open the coal mine from the owners. They also charge up to 35,000 tyngka per year. The Khasi contractors said that besides the land owners, they also charge 100 tyngka for the trucks. throw coal in their place.
The PDF is the new synrop group formed by the opposition together with other MDCs at their meeting, which was held on the evening of 21st June, at 6 pm at Knight Inn. The meeting was attended by 12 MDCs from KHUDA and ARPA MDCs Pyniaid S Syiem, Process T Sawkmie. and Grace Mary Kharpuri.
The first match tomorrow (24-03-2021) will be between Rising Star and Lion Sports and Youth Affairs at 9:00 pm, while the second match will be between Khimusniang and Khliehtyrshi Sports Club.
Yung Langdoh Dei was also present at the ceremony.
Nisbon, Sd.
The Government of Meghalaya has decided to allow these contractors to rebuild the roundabout without any payment from the Government.
Speaking to reporters, Mondal said, “The company does not want to continue the project”.
If there is another threat to his life, as he is a former Home Minister of the Government of India and is involved in the fight against terrorists, after the attack in Mumbai, on 26/0 11, he could be taken to Jail No. 1, which is a place where many Tamil Nadu policemen are guarding.
In the world, power is the center of life, whether it is government, justice, trade, religion, society and others.
Other members of the Trust are Dr SB Singh, IPS, Shri Davis.
This was announced by Ardent Miller, President of the VPP in the presence of Bah B. Marbaniang, MLA Mawlai and Bah HS Kharpran, MLA Mawryngkneng after the Speaker adjourned the session. 12 am.
Jowai has announced that the price of Share Membership has been increased from T.100/- per share to T.300/- per share according to the new bank.
The body was taken to NEIGRIHMS for postmortem.
The creation of this new Block will open the door for the people to receive many benefits from the Government”.
However, when they arrived at the hospital, doctors said that Biolinda Warjri had died before reaching the hospital.
The match will be broadcast on Star Sports 3, Hotstar and JioTV. It has not been a good season for Lajong as they have lost two of their last two away matches.
Members of KSU Malki Circle in the presence of President Malki Circle, General Secretary, Publicity Secretary, and other members of the congregation.
Mother Nature has blessed our Khasi Hills greatly, a blessing that has been misused and turned into a cause of destruction until the future is in great danger.
Lawmali's Will Marbaniang scored the first goal in the 50th minute and Damehun Syih scored the winning goal.
During the walk, the NCC youths were delighted to receive many benefits from the training of Bah Pilastar Nongsiej.
Donbok said that the border demarcation between Assam and Meghalaya will be only for the benefit of Assam because the Chief Minister of our state has no voice to speak because he is only a Tynghung. Shillong, Nailur 13 : The MLA of Mahendraganj, Dikkanchi D Shira, today said in the Legislative Assembly that hundreds of trucks carrying cross-border mawsalin have been smuggled into the country. eat Mahendraganj.
At present we do not agree to endanger many churches just because of the needs of a few ministers.
It seems that the employees working at the sub stations are waiting for the rain and wind because as soon as the rain falls they will cut off the electricity,” said Kynjaimon Amse, Assistant Waheh Shnong Umkiang to the Executive Engineer MeECL. , Moowakhu and added that the electricity supplied to these villages is afraid of rain and snow or that the electricity supplied by MeECL is not the same as that supplied to Jowai, Shillong or Khliehriat.
He said the BJP has a vote bank of about 90,000 rupees and could increase to 10,000 rupees for the Shillong parliamentary seat.
According to the letter, the KSU expresses its regret that the State Government has tried to negotiate with the Central Government to take back the railway line through the NFR. In the past 10 years, the government has been trying to shake up the jaidbynriew in the form of development.
He started his career with ACD Potiguar in 2014 and has made only two appearances for the club.
They were identified as Micky Lyngdoh, Waheh Shnong of Tuber Village and Denis Lyngdoh, Secretary IVCS. Chairman of the Village Council.
That hunting at such a time in the rivers is very dangerous to human life.
The video was released by Kiren Rijiju, Minister of State for Sports.
Jowai, Naitung 29: Fish farming is one of the activities that can increase the income of farmers, said scientists of the Indian Council for Agriculture Research (ICAR), Umiam.
The UHM has demanded that the State Government should take immediate action to release the three Khasi youths within 24 hours of the publication of this news otherwise the Seng will take stronger measures. to force the Government to bring in these youths without any restrictions from the Government of Assam.
The meeting was led by President Reuben Najiar, General Secretary Jason Laloo and members.
In fact, as an employer, when a servant or an employee does not work well, he is replaced by others.
Shillong: Ka Kong Agnes Kharshiing, today, has gained strength and understanding, in which the work of her children, has improved much, tor has started working well and other parts. She is still on ventilator or in the Intensive Care Unit, according to a report from NEIGHRIMS Hospital. Her friend, Amita Sangma, said: She has a head injury, an injury to her hands, mostly to her right hand and is currently undergoing treatment at the trauma center and is now conscious. she ate, talked and understood people very well.
The meeting of the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs also expressed their disappointment that the Chief Minister and his Cabinet have not taken action to discuss how to protect, preserve or promote the customs and traditions. the custom as it has been done since time immemorial.
Dr. S. Shangpung, EM, I/C Education, Jowai, was the chief guest.
and the earth was covered with the ground.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 9: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District today welcomed Irene Dkhar, 20, from Rymbai village, East Jaintia Hills District, who won the title of She won the title of Miss North East at the pageant held on the 4th of this month in Kohima, Nagaland.
The KSU has launched a flag raising ceremony to express its sorrow over the rape and murder of a student of the school who is still in class X. Nongpoh, 07 July: The Executive Office of the Nongpoh Elaka Sirdarship, today for the first time visited Sohlaitrim Village to confirm the newly elected Rangbah Shnong of Sohlaitrim.
Walsrang Ch Sangma scored in the 35th and 80th minutes and Silash G Momin in the 48th minute.
However, due to the blockade, the residents of Khanduli have not been able to plant seeds.
He said that the state is a state with many Christians and many of the employees of BSNL are also Christians but this announcement will prevent them from worshiping.
“In the elections, you are looking for excuses, you are looking for excuses for a person to destroy so that people who go to the market to carry the story that he is like that, you have to deal with that. it's politics, we've been involved in that,” said Ollan.
From this summary, it can be understood that corruption is the stealing of money or the stealing of money.
TUR also opposes the construction of a road in the area, but suggests the construction of a market for the public, vendors and a parking lot as the Iewmawlong area is very crowded.
Finally, the Garo made peace.
Not only rice but also vegetables, fish, chicken and others.
“This is a need that has been desired by the villagers and it is the cooperation of the village authorities, the villagers and the health department that this dream has been achieved,” he said. The PHC is not only the foundation stone but it has been decided to build it.
I got this news from facebook.
After the arrest of the KSU member, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni and about 25-30 members of the KSU, they went to the police station and turned to the police station. “He said that he had spoken harshly against the OC and the Head Constable for the arrest of the KSU member,” said Bah C.Syrti.
“You come here.
Magistrate Mark Andrew Challam and Lyngkor Kynjing visited Iawmusiang Market, Jowai after receiving a complaint from the village authorities to inspect the condition of the market and found that the residents are violating the COVID-19 curfew. .
Speaking on her experience, Ayoshee Beriwal said, “I am very fortunate to have the opportunity to travel to Bangkok with the PRIME Meghalaya team to export to other parts of the world.
Wanllam Kupar Kharpran of Ryntih FC, said that the club has signed a social agreement with Max Sports Academy. Max Sports Academy has close ties with several clubs in Spain and Portugal.
On the other hand, the government authorities said that they cannot provide details as the clean-up is ongoing.
“On the other hand, the NPP candidate, Bah Ransom Sutnga, said that he has a strong hope of winning this election.
Then to fear, obey and keep His commandments (Ecclesiastes 12:13).
Shillong: The incident which happened on the night of 15th July 2021 on the occasion of the Independence Day of India, has caused a huge death toll in the Bri u Hynniewtrep. Former General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, after the funeral, the mourners left for their homes in mourning. Lad Umthlong and Mawlai Nongkwar Block 9, Lad Umthlong and Mawlai Nongkwar Block 9, Lad Umthlong and Mawlai Nongkwar Block A bus carrying CRPF troops stopped at the scene and saw that there were youths of the village standing on the roads of the village. , they got out of the car without speaking to them but they bombed and tied pathar even those who were passing by from their jobs.
Lumtyngum Secondary School, Jakrem beat Little Star Higher Secondary School 4-1 with the goals scored by Pynskhemlang Kharwanniang (5 minutes), Khrawkupar Lyngkhoi (6 minutes), Ribhalang Kharwanniang (6 minutes). Little Star Higher Secondary School scored the first goal in the 53rd minute from Banjoplang Thongnirit.
The legislators sat for only five days as there were three days off between the sessions.
He said that if the Khasi Pnar people remember the suffering of their ancestors in prison for the sake of a full state, they should think carefully what they should do as a sign of respect for the Khasi Pnar people. The party and the Hill State fighters, because all the leaders of the party have the goal to bring about change and that the nation will shine once again in this country.
Shillong, Nailar 01 : The Rotary Club of Orchid City (RCoOCS) on Saturday visited Nongkhlaw village to plant trees under the Project Hariyali Trees for the Future. You have invested in Mahindra Finance.
What happened then? The king's command was sent to the couriers throughout the kingdom to destroy, kill and exterminate the Jews, young men, children and women.
The protest ended with the Government's decision to appoint a High Level Committee (HLC) headed by the Deputy Chief Minister who is still holding that post.
On the part of the Commandant, he blessed the residents to be healthy and to have enough income.
The EM said that this nation is a special nation because since the rule of the Dohlieh all the Syiems and Rajas in India have disappeared, but only the Khasi Hills has been in power. The Himas have their own Syiems, and this has happened through the Sixth Schedule.
The Bajrang Dal is a Hindu nationalist militant organization founded by the youth wing of the Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP).
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has rejected the government's proposal to relocate 342 households to the premises of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB). .
Guwahati: Several youths who may be members of the Hindu religious group have gone to destroy a Christmas decoration at a petrol pump in lower Assam's Nalbari district.
Explaining that one of the challenges faced by the FSS is in terms of funds, the Chairman said, “If we get financial support, we can do many things because we have conducted competitions. they have been good for the past 40 years.
“The Congress did not come to join in the protest of all the political parties in the North East which was held in Guwahati and where did Bah HDR go when the people of Hynniewtrep came out to protest? The CAB will be held at Student Square,” said Pangniang.
The same is true of Prannoy; The winner of the Malaysia Masters Super 300 last month, who played well in the last tournament, reached the semifinals but lost 15-2 -21 to Viktor Axelsen in Denmark.
The call and urge to the believers and especially to the Judges, Elders, Rangbah Balang, Preachers, Pastors, to refrain from “KA POP KLIM” lest they fall into the condemnation and judgment of God. powerful.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) has elected its full office bearers for the 2019-21 term on Tuesday at its office at Mookyrdup, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
The HNLC leaders have been in the state for some time to conduct peace talks with the central government as well as the state government.
It was also approved to appoint 51 supervisors.
On the same day, the Auditorium of the Umlyngka Resource Mobilization Development Society (UMRDF) at Lumpongdeng, Umlyngka was inaugurated at a cost of 3.90 lakh tyngka.
Every year in the last month of October, the office of the Comptroller & Auditor General (C&AG) under the supervision of the Central Government issues a report on all expenditure and income. of the State Government, including the loans received by the Meghalaya Government from various banks.
The purpose of the State Reservation Policy is to provide employment to the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo ethnic groups along with other minority ethnic groups from the state.
Iohbor's mother, Khwiak Nongrum, has lodged a complaint against Iohbor, alleging that Iohbor was involved in the rape of his wife and son.
Police officials in Jammu & Kashmir on Friday said about 217 drug traffickers have been arrested and drugs worth more than Rs 7 crore have been seized so far.
Fantin Lakadong, MDC, who is also the husband of Ampareen, said that while he was sitting at home, they suddenly heard a stone throwing in their house.
(3) Satan was imprisoned in an abyss.
“What we demand is that according to the law, those involved should be arrested immediately and handed over to the Meghalaya Police and imprisoned and after that a commission of inquiry should be appointed,” he said. .
There is a plan to hold this tournament in other parts of the country,” said Air Marshal RK Anand, Vice-Chairman of the Subroto Mukerjee Sports Education Society.
Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh conducted a special mass at the cemetery.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Former MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Friday lodged a complaint against him on allegations of misuse of funds allocated by the Central Government for the purpose of fight against COVID-19 in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 4: The meeting between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and political parties, Mukul Sangma, will be held tomorrow at 3.30 pm. The HSPDP and KHNAM also attended the meeting.
There are 687 confirmed cases.
NEHU has approved to admit students for Under Graduate Courses through affiliated colleges in the state on the basis of marks in the CUET which will be conducted by the National Testing Agency (NTA). before the start of the new Academic Session for the year 2022-2
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Daloi of Lum Jaintia Hills District have lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma against the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) which has ordered them not to collect taxes.
Minister Kharbuki said that what is needed now is to remove the water pipes that leave the roads and footpaths and this will be done soon.
SS Majaw writes, “Thomas Jones arrived in Sohra at a time when the Saitsohpen Court had become a center of corruption” (2011:114).
Appealing to the public to cooperate with them during these two days, he said that they will proceed only with emergency services.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya government's counsel has submitted documents showing that the coal department has decided not to include coal mining in the MMRD Act and the CNM Act. , but the court did not listen at all and said that it will discuss the case at another hearing, which will be held on 19th June
After hours of discussions, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has agreed to appoint Ashok Gehlot as the chief minister of Rajasthan and Sachin Pilot as the second chief minister of the Congress government. this state.
Those present at the stadium included MCA President Nababrata Bhattacharya and Honorary Treasurer Dhjruba Jyoti Thakuria, who congratulated the players and the team for their excellent performance. and inspire the team to be like champions.
They come early in the morning to sell at Iewduh before other farmers from other districts in the State come.
The NPP candidate was accompanied by Nongstoiñ MLA Macmiullan Byrsat and in his speech, the Nongstoiñ MLA clarified the allegations. He said it was the Congress which brought in the NGT in 2010 to ban coal mining in the state.
Speaking at the swearing-in ceremony, he said that as Governor he will not talk about politics during his term and that West Bengal does not talk about politics either.
The VO has included many women in the group in order to improve the income of women in the village.
It is believed that the shooting of his mother was not an accident, but an accident.
Shillong, Naitung 4 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP is trying to provide fair services to the people because its goal is to bring about development. time to answer or explain from time to time unfounded allegations.
Nongstoin, Naitung 7: The SSB, West Khasi Hills District, which includes the WKSU, WPM, WKNYF, WYF, WPYDO and WYWC, is one of the groups that takes action on the most important issues to be addressed. The Kynshi Hydro Electricity Project (KHEP) is the Kynshi Hydro Electricity Project (KHEP) which the government has planned to build. through the Kynshi River in two phases (Stage I and Stage II) and this is still pending.
The final was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Thursday.
The award was presented to the Rangbah Shnong of Moolamylliang by the Consul General of the Kingdom of the Netherlands Bart De Jong and the President of ISWMAW Sadhan Ghosh along with other dignitaries.
Many people have laughed at Amitabh's writing and some have criticized it because it is wrong.
“We have sent the Enforcement Police and I have directed the Superintendent to submit the report until they (foreign traders) come here and we will see what we should do.
But he could not understand the feelings of the people gathered there," Bernard alleged.
It is learned that in the past few days, when the General Secretary of the BJP, Ram Madhav, visited the state, several MLAs from the state have met him. He said that there are five MLAs who have confirmed to contest from the party in
The Vice Principal also urged the students to use digital technology to get more accurate sources of information.
The excessive deterioration of this highway has caused various problems, which affects not only the passengers but all the beneficiaries of this highway.
By the rivers of Babylon, the world famous singers Boney-M have sung this song.
Thongni said Jirang Constituency is different because it has many ethnic groups like Garo, Rabha, Hajong, Mikir and others.
Meanwhile, the interest payment on the loans taken for the year 2022-23 is expected to reach at least T.1,110 crore, while the payment of pension is T. 1,469 crore.
Shillong: The Ka Sur u Paidbah ka Bri u Hynniewtrep today demanded that the government should not allow companies to import foreign workers for employment in various departments of the state. .
That is the right time to point out the mistakes and also to demand that the State Reservation Policy should be reviewed once again as it is before proposing the implementation of the Roster System which is against all the state Reservation Policy. method of operation.
According to sources, the incident happened at Lad Pata in Mawlai Mawdatbaki when the woman was trying to cross the road, but suddenly a motorcycle with registration number ML05-AA-6505 until the woman fell to the ground with a stream of blood.
Speaking to media, Myllienda Syiemlieh, the mother of these children, said that the flood happened at 11 am. and it was yet dark, and they went out of the house.
When the Apostle Peter preached to the Israelites he said to them – “Save yourselves from this wicked generation”.
Believers (17).
In 2018, the PDF won four MLAs. However, two of these four MLAs joined the NPP before the MLA elections this year.
The Minister said that there will be no peace talks or understanding on the part of the government regarding the issue of providing special protection for the health workers.
It will be the time of the powerful work of Satan Lucifer before his end comes.
The verses of the song encourage and remind us of home, when we are away from home and from our loved ones.
Dapkupar sent his resignation letter and resignation letter to Saleng Sangma, President of the NCP in the state.
The Rajasthan pilot, who almost lost his way in the past few days, has now decided to return to his Congress party.
The Delhi Open MMA Championship 2023 is organized by the All India MMA. Dobester Syiemlieh from South West Khasi Hills District has trained at the Ground and Pound MMA Gym. Cores Marwein, one of the most prominent professional MMA fighters in the state, is located in Nongpoh.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamletson Dohling congratulated the HYC for organizing this marathon which is a benefit for the health of the youth and also the youth. old.
They also called for the maintenance of peace and order and an end to bloodshed or damage to property.
Pakistan have also moved up to fourth place with 112 runs and have recently moved up to the top flight after winning the fourth ODI against New Zealand this month. current.
Regarding the delay in the release of the money, Bah Syiem said, “This shows the childishness of the government. “The development should reach the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
“Before the meeting with the ASHAs tomorrow, I have talked to the Prime Minister and other officers of various departments to take the best decisions for the ASHAs who are very important to us,” he said. said Mrs. Ampareen.
The Rangbah Shnong said that Mawdatbaki has been divided into three constituencies, Mawlai, Jaiaw and Mawkhar.
Nongpoh, Naitung 04: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today took a firm decision on the issue of MUDA, Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi District, which has dismissed two Longkmie. , including Hundalin Warjri and Subita Lapang and an FIR against Banbuhai Makdoh which MUDA has not yet rejected.
He said that this step is to improve the quality of education and improve the quality of education and the goal of the Government is to be able to use the writing system.
Shillong, November 29: U Motphran is a monument erected during the British rule to commemorate the sacrifice and selflessness of the Khasi soldiers during the First World War.
Therefore, the yield is low because the field does not have enough food.
They were named Mohd Shariq and Nizam Khan.
Donboklang Nongrum – Gold
Although the natural forces have shaken the people of God, the elders who attended the tournament did not move.
The school was established in 1906 in the Primary Section, in 1987 in the Upper Primary Section and in 1995 in the Secondary Section.
They have their Meikha and Pakha, they have their Mei-ieid, Paieid and their children who are free from the blood of the mother and from all sin.
In the final match of the day, Bamkhosngi United SC beat Moolasngi SC 1-0
I take this opportunity to join the HNLC to bring good news to you the youth of the country and I believe this will change and reshape the way of thinking,” concluded the brief. you are a teacher.
She said that the 72 hour deadline for the state government to appoint GVK Company as the operator of the EMRI has expired but until now the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare or the Minister has not done anything. There is no invitation to talk to the Seng.
In another incident, Sujata Shylla, lodged a complaint that on 29th March, at 8 pm, robbers stole a motorcycle number ML-05R-7 The vehicle belonged to her brother, which was stolen from the ground floor of her house at Golf Links, Shillong.
He said that his main goal for Mawlai is to build poor houses so that those with low income can get adequate shelter.
He said that the need for this gate in Umling Ri Bhoi District is urgent and it has been converted into a preferred structure so that the construction of this gate can be done quickly. and in the cost of less.
On the other hand, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh said that after the letter of the church that they need this type of music, he took the initiative to accept the request of the church with encouragement although it is a small donation of the church. but to receive it with a pure heart as it is used for the service of God.
The event will run from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.
At present, the civil society and the people are still waiting for a reply from the central government on the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state after the House decided last month. depth.
The UDP will also advocate for talks with the government not to ignore the recommendation of the High Level Committee on Influx (HLCoI) headed by former Symbud Myntri Rangbah Bindo M Lanong.
HM Shangpliang said that the MBDA, bypassing the Deputy Commissioner, has gone straight to the BDOs to use them to inform the people to explain the intention to create a Heritage Site. The bridges were built by the appointment of a scholar who did not know anything about the bridges built by the ancestors in this Khasi country.
The Women's Wing Jowai Block Unit has submitted a letter to the MLA of Jowai on the 16th of this month. Phidalia Toi, Political Advisor to NPP State President Dr.W.Kharlukhi.
Speaking to reporters, since the date of his departure from Madhya Pradesh, he has already visited 18 states of India on a journey of 42,000 kilometers. He has already visited Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Goa, Gujarat, Daman Deep, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Tripura, Mizoram. Meghalaya and now from Meghalaya he intends to travel back to parts of North India.
The CEO of Meghalaya has already explained that posters in government offices should be removed within 24 hours, in public places within 48 hours and from private places they should be removed within 24 hours. within 72 hours.
"For us it's enough we didn't win at the World Cup in Qatar, but today they did," said Real Madrid defender Carvajal.
Khliehriat, March 26: The 1st Open Veteran Football Tournament for the 40 years and above was organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) today at Deinchynrum Stadium, Khliehriat.
He said that some of the leaders of the District Council have been misled.
The Bishop said that these women should have consulted with the church before giving their opinion to the government.
In addition, 73 lakh tyngka was donated to the missionary work of the Churches outside the Kingdom.
Shillong: A group of primary school teachers from across India held a meeting at Polo.
He also admitted that 11 large places of worship, including four in Tengnoupaul, three in Tipaimukh and four in Imphal East, were destroyed in the clashes.
It is learned that they escaped from the check post, but when the employees saw the truck, they drove away and when they reached the Toll Plaza in Pahamawlein, they were arrested. They also arrested the seven persons, who tried to escape from the check post.
The Raij Namdong, Elias Susngi, said that Thadmynri village falls under the jurisdiction of Namdong village.
The JSM will visit other villages affected by the lockdown, and is still waiting for permission from the district administration of East Jaintia Hills. the COVID-19 pandemic.
He said the party has already urged the police to take action on the disappearance of Boston Marak and the police are conducting further investigation.
Shillong: The Deputy Secretary to the District Council Affairs Department, Shillong, has invited the people to attend the rally to be held on the 31st at Students Square convened by the CoHSO. The Model Code of Conduct will come into force from 2nd June, 2019 and all political parties and candidates are informed to follow these rules. condition.
If you don't send a qualified person as an MP in Parliament who can stand on his own feet to advocate in Parliament,” said Prof.Kma.
FOCUSS will inform the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government on its intention to amend the Sixth Schedule.
Furthermore, the Government has decided to suspend the suspension of mobile data and internet from 6 pm tomorrow.
The new Indian Penal Code (IPC) has been repealed under the new Indian Penal Code (IPC) and imposes penalties on drivers who collide with vehicles. those who flee the scene of the incident shall be liable to imprisonment for up to shiphew years or a fine of T.7lak.
Speaking to media, Dr Battacharya said that the case of a nurse at NEIGRIHMS hospital cannot be said to be from this hospital, as she does not work or is near the bedroom. He said that the nurse may have contracted the virus from her residence in Demseiniong and the NEIGRIHMS hospital is still looking for news that the nurse has been infected with the virus. pain.
However, it is very difficult to find because the people who are clever enough to burn the hills and forests, do not hesitate to leave while hearing that there are people near the places where they burn the enemy.
Other sources said that the cooperation between the indigenous parties and the Congress in the House today was the decision of some MDCs and not the decision of the party. or with the approval of the President of the UDP.
There will also be a distribution of buskit (prize) and awarding ceremony for those students who have passed well in the Examination Secondary School Leaving Certificate 2019, concluded the statement. Dominic Sumer, Publicity Secretary, Union of Catholic Elders of Jowai Diocese.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 10: About half of the rural children in West Khasi Hills are still alive and spend their time in the green hills and grazing with their cows and goats without worrying.
forget these things but keep focusing on your work so that you can improve.
Before the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held by Samla Badonboklang Malngiang Sports Secretary KSU Mawlai Circle. KSU Mawlai Circle, Speaking on the occasion, KSU Mawlai Circle said that the purpose of the KSU Mawlai Circle is to encourage the youth of the Jaidbynriew to develop their talents. They are there because in these days sports have become a source of employment.
The mountains, the hills, the valleys, and the rivers, They wondered where man had gone.
Amit Shah addressed the people by telephone and appealed to them to support the BJP. He also apologized for not being able to attend and promised to come back soon.
“The incident happened at Ganesh Das at about 10:45 pm.
It may be recalled that Ma Lber Laloo has demanded that the Supreme Court should suspend the ban on coal mining in the state, which has been imposed by the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
These Puriskam stories (Li-Dohka and Muchurdee) have a connection with the establishment of the Sutnga Hima in the hills and in the north (Jaintiapur). Shri Hatta (Shyllet), in his old age, was sad and depressed because he had no son to succeed him.
“Many others also followed.
In the system of government of India, we have an important role to play in seeking the support of the people to uphold democracy, to respect all religions, to uphold independence. the country and to protect the fundamental rights of the people.
There was also a suggestion on the need to increase the number of meeting places, public awareness campaigns and to curb the drug trafficking.
Bah Pynshngain has refused to contest from two constituencies as he is still preparing to contest from Mawsynram although many people have invited him to contest from North Shillong and Nongpoh.
In both categories Matt excelled and received merit scholarships and Career Development Grants.
He said that the government has not done anything to help these people who have surrendered their sword. that they may seek another way to earn money.
Lep-lep has killed Sahep Judge, and she has also impressed Sahep Jot with a song by the tallest member of SBUK, Bahrit. he showed himself to be from Law-U Sib, and sang the song 'I-Sim barit'
The Court recommended that in the interest of the country, the AAI should ensure that flights to Bhopal from other major states like Chennai, Kerala, Kolkata, Guwahati and Shillong in these days.
He said that tomorrow or tomorrow he will send his resignation letter from the PDF and he will also send a letter of resignation from the ruling PDA in the District Council.
Treiborlang Suchen added that the Sub-Division which has an area of ​​405 sqkm and 95 villages has very bad roads and therefore it will be very difficult for any ambulance outside the sub-division. Sub Division to be able to assist patients in a short period of time.
The police have arrested four officials of CMJ University including Registrar Mrinal Kanti Deb, Deputy Registrar Premlal Rai and two officials but have not yet arrested Jha.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that Benedict has also tried to overthrow the MDA government by trying to persuade MLAs from Garo Hills to join other parties.
In Football (for men only) under the SAI, Residential & Non Residential Scheme; The election will be held at SAI Ground, NEHU Campus Shillong, from 20th to 23rd November, from 8 pm for those above 10 years and under 14 years, and also for those under 14 years. above 15 years and 18 years below.
Police have arrested the suspects and seized a bike, two phones and awarded a reward to the home guard who helped the police to arrest the suspects. .
And in the last half, we lost 10 goals to Bengal, but we came back strong.
And it came to pass in that day, that there was a great gathering of people to Jerusalem;
The Erasmus Mundus Scholarship for MSC from the European Union is very competitive.
The team has started training in Shillong on the 5th of this month and will now prepare for the first match of the tournament against Hyderabad on the 16th of this month. in Jaipur.
The drama performed by the students of Kiang Nangbah Government College and the traditional song sung by the students of Khimusniang village impressed all those who attended the celebration.
The state has also informed that before the issuance of this order, preparations have been made to set up these thew places and the work will be done within 10 days from the date of issuance of the report.
So; thus; in the Khasei-Khasoi society it is true.
Opposition to the forced adoption of Hindi is not only in the North East, but also from the eastern states of India like Kerala, Tamil Nadu and others.
However, with the introduction of the watershed scheme of the Soil & Conservation Department and the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority, we have been able to irrigate water, build laundry facilities and drinking water wells.
He said that these trucks, which have received permission before entering the state, have to follow the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare where only 2 persons are allowed to enter the state. books that they can go only where they need to go.
Last year, the government has created four districts in the state including two in Ri-Lum Garo, one in Jaintia Hills and one in West Khasi Hills.
The Rangbah Shnong said that on the morning of the 12th of this month at about 2.00 pm, while the song was not over at the house, the residents of the village did not hesitate to leave. in urging the family to stop the music, as time does not allow.
Khimti Dkhar took three wickets while Felixdon Bang took two wickets.
Then he sent a taxi to the village.
Ban said that the wearing of these new uniforms of the Daju will not only help the people to avoid being cheated of their goods, but will also encourage them to do their jobs. all these things are to stir up the wicked in the streets, to speak evil of the wicked, and to sleep lyngktar in the marketplace, because they are under the clothes and easy to punish if found. for stones.
“I have seen in the newspaper but I have not discussed anything with the State President,” he said, adding that the ticket applicants will have to register with the BJP first. He urged the BJP to announce its candidates for Shillong and Tura as there are only four months left for the Lok Sabha elections.
Pastor Jones said, “Oh, if only our hearts would accept that Jesus would truly create a new world like this.
According to a statement from the Mizoram Home Department, in the past 48 hours, 123 Manipuris have entered the Mizoram border.
Sanbor also strongly supported the demand of the Synod and said that if he wins this election, the wish of the KJP Synod will be fulfilled within one year of his tenure as MP. I don't have a Presbyterian Church in New Delhi.
Shillong, Lber 17: Answering a question by the Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy in the House today, Bah Tynsong said that the Central Government's failure to provide funds is a problem because the State Government has not. don Pisa.
Bah Dympep also felt that beliefs that violate human rights should be strongly condemned and should not be encouraged in society.
She said that even if the police did not receive a complaint, they should have issued a Domestic Information Report and they did not do so.
When asked about the Dam Rehabilitation and Improvement Project (DRIP) funded by the Asian Development Bank to strengthen the dams, clean the dams and others, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “The Electricity Department has now sent The proposal to Delhi and the preparation of tender documents are in progress.
We will find out after a thorough investigation,” he said.
The reason for the heavy rainfall is due to the rainfall from the Bay of Bengal since the past few days.
The Speaker of the House, Bah Lamphrang Blah, brought the NC to the vote and announced that the EC led by Bah Titosstarwell Chyne has failed today after 17 members supported the NC against him.
God blessed them every day.
When asked by the residents of these villages about the lack of ration, they replied that they do not receive any assistance from the government, whether it is ration. , u shini, atta, for many years now, we have only received one umphniang sharak, since the dealer of Medhi Ronghang.
He said that there are many rivers in Jaintia Hills which are affected by coal mining but they don't turn blue like the Lukha River.
On the other hand, the KSU Jowai Unit on the same day had a meeting with the District Council authorities, where the KSU Jowai Unit urged them that the JHADC should hold a The JHADC has been conducting illegal activities within the jurisdiction of the JHADC, and the higher authorities of the Council have promised to continue to do so. The KSU has demanded that the Council should start the illegal immigration process immediately. JHADC has been conducting search of documents across the areas under the jurisdiction of JHADC so that those who do not have proper documents will face severe punishment.
The house is strong, the foundation is strong.
Nongpoh, Nailur 18: More than 10 pigs from small to large have died at a pig farm of Nangku Chaphrang Multi-Purpose Cooperative Society Ltd. at Saiden village in Ri-Bhoi district.
This practice of buying the people to support any candidate has become widespread in our State.
His struggle for the independence of the country was without equal.
There are 44 recoveries from the disease.
The Union believes that the Prime Minister will be able to assist these refugees from the Chief Ministers Relief Fund, to these refugees, their families, who have suffered the tragic incident in the Sunday of God is not over.
He said that with the trust of the people, the Government will be able to achieve the aspirations of the people of the State.
The Mawlai MLA also asked whether the existing nuit theh place is still able to store nuit as the expenditure of the people has increased while the place is very old.
Higher Secondary School Nongstoiñ in relation to the subject Biology and Mil/SL and also on the lack of a full time Principal of the school.
: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) today shocked the ruling Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) after the Congress opposition refused to sit in the House during the speech of the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy. The first session of the budget session this year.
The program was attended by the Principal of Shillong College Dr (Mrs) E Kharkongor, Vice Principal Prof KD Roy, teachers and students of various departments of the College.
Have mercy on those who are still dressed in white or who are dressed in white but also in their own darkness.
The order comes into force from today, 1st March 2020, according to a government statement.
Jade Spring Hill and Zhongnanhai are the main residences of China's top leaders.
D, available from Ri Khasi Book Agency and the price is 650 tyngka each.
He suggested that there should be physical activity, regular check-up visits for diabetics and urged that Yoga should be used as it helps to relieve stress, pain in the body. mental disorders, anxieties and other types of disorders.
The meeting was held at Tiwari Bhavan, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Marg, ITO, New Delhi.
These stories of miracles cannot be taken at face value, but we must read them and truly understand the time and era in which these stories were created.
Regarding the shops of foreigners in the village, Bah Warjri said that there are shops which have appeared without the knowledge of the village and when the village goes to inform the KHADC, On the other hand, the KHADC has visited but has not done anything and these shops are still standing.
The alcohol includes 180ml bottles and several bottles of beer.
“We urge the district authorities to take action on this issue of the illegal entry of mynder into the area and not to force the KSU to do its duty,” said Forwardman Nongrem President KSU South West Khasi Hills. District.
In the heat of the day, in the cold and thirst, I disobeyed my brother's command and understanding, I went down to the river and with my hand, I drank three or four cups of water from the Umpu River.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: Thousands of residents of Laitkor area today attended a meeting convened by the Dorbar Laitkor Pyllun at Laitkor village to protest against the MUDA border crossing. Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit, MDC HS Shylla, CEM KHADC PN Syiem, Hima Governors, Village Governors and others attended the ceremony.
Police said that all the three are residents of West Khasi Hills villages and they fled the group after killing their brother. Nengja G. Momin, who is also the Area Commander, in the past few months.
The Weightlifting Federation of Kazakhstan (WFRK) said that the athlete, who won the bronze medal in the 61kg category at the Tokyo Olympics, is among the seven athletes from the country to now face the punishment.
The iguana can grow up to 6-7 feet tall and can live up to 10 years while the scorpion can live up to 3 years.
Because it is said that climbers like to climb the Himalayas during these seasons and especially when March comes, because the rainy season is over.
In the 1996 semi final at Eden Gardens, India played Sri Lanka.
The courage even if you have to die for the sake of the future will be enough.
Sunita, who also received the virus a few months ago, is now the wife of Govinda, 57, who is currently in quarantine at his residence in Juhu. , Mumbai.
Tip rea ka nga tea ...when the record of the Rangbah Shnong didn't speak like that,, at the same time the people heard,, who is the speaker,,,I don't know what to say,, , there is no need to forgive the elderly because the last judgment is on the day of death , God will judge , be patient we will live only for a while in this world judgment is God's Sderot is a small town in northern Israel that has been captured by Hamas militants, where they have brutally killed They were in that city of Israel.
Jowai, Jymmang 25: The All Garo Cooks Association (ACA) led by Jakme Sangma as President and Maltin Momin as General Secretary has come forward to join hands and support the Union of Cooks and Helpers (PM Poshan) Shillong. and to support its demands or requests to the Central Government on the issues of school teachers in Meghalaya and the North East.
“Therefore, he said that the people have been empowered to elect their leaders because it is up to them to elect the life and death of the country and the nation.
Abu Taher Mondal said the visit to the project was very informative and this will help Meghalaya which is facing a shortage of electricity.
United scored the third goal through Rashford in the 86th minute.
Speaking to media, Ms Phiralin said, “The selection to represent India in this competition is aimed at raising awareness that the use of plastic is a problem. bad and will carry this message.
I don't know about winning or losing, but I want to see the team move forward.
It is reported that her health condition is not stable.
“The reason why we are against issuing Environmental Clearance to these coke factories is because of the complaints of many residents nearby and also because of the excessive air pollution and health hazards. and pollute the environment,” said Chrispin N Dkhar.
Shillong: The BJP today nominated 17 candidates for the Garo District Council MDC elections.
Some of the teachings of John Wesley can be mentioned here as they appear in his sermons, “How many are there in this Christian country who work, who cut stone and wood, who cut wood, the poor who have nothing, but who struggle and suffer hunger and thirst? Isn't it painful that after returning from the fields, people have to live, sleep in dirty, dirty houses and find that there is no food at home to relieve the pain of the body...how and if five or six little children cry, and have no bread to give them? Who can explain what this painful and suffering life means?
God put all these things in the garden to suit the man whom He had set apart in the garden of Eden.
The purpose of establishing a district in any area of ​​the state is to bring about development in all aspects.
Thus to the Jews he said, “Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out” (Acts 3:19).
181 years have passed since the beginning of Khasi literature, 123 years of acceptance and recognition of the Khasi language to the Entrance level and 104 years to the degree level at Calcutta University and 5 years less since the Resolution was passed. , the question is how long will we have to wait for the Khasi language to be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution or what prevents the Khasi language from being recognized under the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India? .
The aim of this campaign is to identify and recognize villages in Meghalaya which have implemented these measures or who are exemplary in their efforts to improve water supply in their villages.
He said that the CPD has now started the construction of the bridge at Shymplong which was flooded during the heavy rains in the past few months. The bridge has caused problems to the people of the border area especially in the transportation of goods, coming and going and when they get sick, so the people have been waiting for the completion of the bridge, but KSU Narpuh has demanded from the CPWD department to implement the project as soon as possible. The bridge has been constructed because the people have been facing difficulties in coming and going since the construction of the bridge.
He said that this area has ample opportunities for organic farming.
“On the other hand, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titos W Chyne, recalled that during his tenure as CEM, he had convened all three Autonomous District Councils including KHADC, JHADC and GHADC. to strongly oppose the implementation of the UCC in the State and within the Council's jurisdiction.
This ID card was issued by the Union of Waheh Ri Jaintia and according to the signs, it shows that the Waheh Shnongs elected by the people and approved by the council do not have confidence in the laws of the council.
That day passed and all the fellow workers were waiting for what Peter thought for them, especially what they had told him.
If the elections are held in October-June next year, perhaps no MDCs will come to the District Council but they will be busy in their constituencies,” he said.
“ACHIK strongly condemns the VPP's decision to hold a rally against the Roster System and hopes for a good feeling,” said Bernita.
On 22nd November, 2022, seven persons (five from Mukroh and one Assam Forest Guard) were shot dead by Assam Police in Mukroh, West. Jaintia Hills District.
Finally, the household should immediately find a way to remove the kharmetor from Them Iew Mawlong because this issue has been going on for many years and if it goes on like this it means that these people have become more angry as it happened. In the past few months, these Kharmetor robbers have shot and injured two Khasi taxi drivers in Khyndai Lad.
The President of the country will also be the chief guest at the program which will start from 10.30 pm to 11.30 pm.
Speaking to media today, 23rd July 2021, the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the remaining subjects of the class 12 Computer Science, Statistics, Vocational Studies and Western Music where the marks for the students who took these subjects have been submitted to the MBOSE as required.
The Committee also sought a report on the children of those mothers who were killed recently.
Besides Ampareen Lyngdoh, who is now the head of the Labour Department, the CBI has also found many public leaders, including current and former, who have sent the names of their people. to be involved in this teaching profession in the wrong way.
The NGT also spoke on the environmental protection in coal mining and at the same time to assist the people who have suffered from the destruction of the environment, according to the availability of funds. .
Referring to the problems that have arisen within the ARPA in the past few days, Dr. Don said that these things happened because the party leaders did not participate in the formation of the EC, but now this time. The arrangement will also be between the MDCs and their party leaders.
On July 18, the body of Bah Shilingbest Langrin was found from one of the places about 2 kilometers less than the place where they went missing.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: Three policemen were killed in an attack by suspected Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) militants.
“If you ask this question, you can also ask the NPP because they have been rejected by the people of Khasi-Jaintia,” said the Mylliem MLA.
The answer to this question would have remained dark and would have ended up in the answers, or without an answer at all, without the help of scientists or astronomers with the help of the stars. The scientist-star who has worked hard in these areas is Sir Harold Spencer Jones, who has spent his life in searching carefully to reveal now the wonderful things which he has found in the earth of the heavenly bodies.
Nongpoh: Heavy rainfall in Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, has caused severe flooding in the 9mer Baridua area. , Nongpoh Jeroboam and other places.
Even in Shillong, only one shop is allowed to open in one market.
These cows were seized by the 4th & 193rd Battalion BSF after a thorough search by the troops.
In the meeting with Bah M.Khonglah, CEO, Western Circle of MePDCL, the residents had the opportunity to express their concerns regarding the lack of electricity in the area.
There are others who think that soon the Khasi will become merely carpenters and water carriers in their own country.
The ULFA-I member who came to surrender on that day was identified as Bikramjit Chetia, also known as Bikram Gogoi and Ranjit Asom.
He also expressed his satisfaction that the MLA has fulfilled what he had promised since the time of Bah Silvester Kurbah and he fulfilled them on that day.
These Dkhars were arrested by the Sordar of Nong Myndo, West Khasi Hills.
You can also add a drop of chlorophyll to water to further improve the hydration of the body.
Shillong Cricket Association (Toppers of Zone 1's Group B) and Tura DCA (Runners-up of Zone 2) on Thursday.
This is a thoughtless act of the District Council (KHADC) which is in charge of the customs and traditions of the Jaitbynriew.
He said that he is happy that during his tenure as Minister in charge of Sports in the past years he has been able to build a stadium, not only that, but also. Construction of many indoor sports halls in Mawlai.
The BJP state president called Marak a crusader, and urged him to continue his fight against the blatant corruption in the system.
The taxi drivers also said that if they cannot earn from their children, they will die.
The Assam Legislative Assembly is currently meeting for its Budget Session.
The incident happened on the first day of last month after a fight between the brother and the brother who took a heavy stone to hit him on the head. He was rushed to NEIGRIMS Hospital, Shillong but died yesterday.
Shillong: Out of the 106 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 64 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 26 cases are from Armed Forces, 6 cases are contacts of one case from Anjalee, 14 cases are high risk contacts, 1 case is from abroad, 15 cases are contacts of two cases of covid, 1 case is a food distributor at Corona Care Centre, 1 case is a patient at NEIGRIHMS. In West Garo Hills, 9 cases, 7 cases from Armed Forces, 1 case from Phulbari, 9 cases from West Garo Hills, 1 case from Phulbari, 1 case in Jhalupara, West Khasi Hills, 16 cases from Shallang, 1 case from North Garo Hills, 1 case from outside the country. South Garo Hills has 10 cases of Armed Forces.
Fear breeds headaches and mental and neurological disorders.
The meeting was conducted by C.Lyngdoh, Sub Inspector, West Jaintia Hills District and welcome speech was delivered by A.Syiem, DSEO, West. Jaintia Hills, in the presence of the Chief Guest, MLA, DD Syngai MCS, ADC West Jaintia Hills, Principals of various schools, teachers and students of Jowai.
The disease was first contracted by a man from Allahabad, but spread to an employee who was supposed to test for these diseases.
The office was inaugurated by Minister K Langstieh, Minister of Mylliem Hima in the presence of Minister M Kharlukhi, Presidents and Vice Presidents of the party from various Districts, Circles and Units.
Here Niakha became more and more suspicious of what had happened according to the actions of her mother.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Melamshwa Rynjah said that he wants to bring about change in the Khasi community by conducting public awareness campaign on the richness of customs and traditions and to prevent foreign customs and traditions. Melamshwa said that many tourists who visit Meghalaya have seen the beauty of the Khasi Hills and they should be made aware of the richness of culture.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has also expressed its strong opposition to the Assam government's plan to erect a statue of the forest guard who died in the shooting at Mukroh.
The requirement for political parties to form a single government in the Lok Sabha is 272 and the full count will be seen on Thursday, the polling day.
At the same time, it has been arranged that all tourist vehicles carrying passengers from Nongstoiñ in the morning will be allowed only until
On the use of money during the elections, Dolly Khonglah said that money works in all aspects, but the people themselves have understood now and hope that in the next elections too. that money will never work, but the voice of the people is the most important.
Another reason he mentioned is because the places where the elections were held are the places where KHNAM has just started.
Why doesn't anyone report this statement because such people should be disqualified as MLAs and for three years he is not allowed to make an election report to the Speaker.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (NLLF) has announced that it has decided to suspend the peace talks with the central and state governments.
Bah Samlin also acknowledged that as a leader in the last five years he has brought many development projects especially in the field of roads and water supply.
They were stunned.
This incident has witnessed that many parts of Ukraine have been forced to stay in darkness especially amidst the cold and snowfall during the rainy season.
On the part of the President of the RBDCA, Bah Frankie Nongrum, he expressed his gratitude to the MCA for allowing the RBDCA to hold this tournament in Ri Bhoi District.
This containment law will apply until you have notified it.
Sanbor owns a .32 pistol worth T.70,000 and owns 16,000 square feet and 4,300 square feet of land in Lawsohtun and Kenchs' Trace, while his wife owns 3,000 square feet. square feet at Kench's Trace.
The ANTF seized a Bolero number ML-05J-3839 driven by Moktadir Rhman of Syamding, Philbari WGHD. I'm from Urkali on the Nongstoin-Tura road.
The book of Psalms says: “Jehovah himself will build Jerusalem; he gathereth together the outcasts of Israel" Psalm 147:2
This is a very big task because every step there are about 30 to 40 trucks passing by,” said AYWO Vice-President Sonji Sangma.
The Chief Minister of South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai has laid the foundation stone for many projects to be implemented under the General State Scheme 2022-2
The DC of East Khasi Hills District, Kong I.Laloo, said that they have received information that there are other organizations and groups who intend to hold a rally in Shillong in these days. day to come.
It is only after the decision of the High Court that teachers can resume their public service.
Now let us turn to the Aadhaar number that people are afraid of.
They must also produce all the necessary documents.
Subsequently, on 15th July 2014, the average rainfall in the last 24 hours was recorded at 99.9mm, while on 16th July, the average rainfall in the last 24 hours was recorded as , was 76.5 millimetres, while in the last 24 hours, the rainfall was very low, at only 5.9 millimetres.
When asked about the district application of Sohra, the Chief Minister said that Sohra is also an area which has been demanding a district for a long time, but this issue has to be considered thoroughly, because of the situation. geographical landscape in the hills and rivers, especially in the Pynursla area and within these areas. to speak well and to walk forward.
However, the project has not been implemented as planned and is still pending.
From the word rapkhmat, the words bai, lai, kai, I, hai, ia, jai, mai, mai, pai, rai, sai, tai, wai, empty, owner, pai, and so on.
Interestingly, Bah Titos Chyne CEM has informed the Government of Meghalaya that the District Council does not own land and cannot order the Hima, Villages and Townships on this matter, because the land is owned by them. and it is the Heads of Nongsynshar and Dorbar Shnongs who arrange the administrative affairs in their respective areas.
It is learned that the number of cases of the disease may increase, as many of those who attended the ceremony have shown signs of infection.
The statement recalled that on 16th October 2009, doctors at the Baba Farid Center in Punjab, who treat children with disabilities, found that due to the war in Afghanistan, in which the use of bombs was used. The uranium poison has spread more than 1,000 miles from the site of the explosion, and now it has been found after testing the hair of 149 children under the age of -13 years old found that all children had 82 and 87 percent uranium in their hair.
Jowai, July 20: The Dorbar Shnong Chilliangraij Jowai has announced the rules and regulations regarding election campaign programs within the village boundary for the smooth running of the upcoming MLA Election long ago.
Speaking to media in Nongpoh, Bah Pateng Marsing, President of HANM Ri Bhoi, said that the HANM is saddened to know that the border between the two states will be through the land plots of the people who He said that if the boundary is not resolved, it will be judged through the land titles, or the documents of the people, which include Epic, Adhaar and others, which means that Almost all the Khasi villages, which fall under the Raid Nongtung or Block-2, will be annexed to Assam.
He said that the leaders of JAC Wapung C&RD Block, have tried to find out the reason for the relocation of the office which has been in Wapungskur for a year and a half by trying to phone the Block Development Officer. He did not answer the phone and asked for information by sending a message via whatsapp but he did not answer.
Members of the organization have also donated a small amount of money as much as possible and will continue to donate and at the same time, they pray that God will grant him good health.
Shillong: The Upper Shillong area, today, has experienced another heavy traffic jam which started at 8 pm.
Shillong Lajong FC managed to turn the tide in the 67th minute through Hardy Cliff Nongbri.
The MSPCB said that those who wish to participate in the Public Hearing can read the Environmental Impact Assessment of the Project written in Khasi and English which has been posted on the DC's website. , East Jaintia Hills, Khliehriat, the Chief Conservator of Forests, Ministry of Environment & Forests, Govt.
He also urged them to respect the Kñi-u Pa according to the teachings of religion and custom.
He said that revenue has increased to $7.5 billion in 2022 which is also the year when the world is still affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
“Within this month, if there is nothing else, the cleaning will continue,” said Bah E Kharmalki.
According to sources, the house belongs to Bah Brostar Tyrsa son of Bah Nosing Puweiñ.
We all need to do what God has put in order.
Nongstoiñ, July 07: In the past decades, West Khasi Hills has been a district famous for its forests, wildlife, birds and meat, 40 species of medicinal plants.
“This issue needs to be resolved,” said the UDP spokesperson. said, “it is up to the legislature to look into this, if it proves otherwise, the legislature has the power to repeal any law affecting the state".
In the letter, the union has requested the CEM and DC to provide assistance with a sword, a wait and a stieh to protect the border especially in Khanduli and Sabuda, Ri. -Bhoi District and to protect the border within Block I and Block II. In the letter, the union also mentioned the problems that the people of Assam have stolen, looted and robbed. They have also taken taxes from the residents of Meghalaya and there has also been the intimidation of women and children who are no longer willing to go to their workplaces or to their homes. the fields cultivate wheat, cultivate synñiam cultivate jhur.
The Magistrate has issued under Section 144 CrPC as part of the efforts to curb the spread of COVID-19 and is also in accordance with the directives of the Health & Family Welfare Department in accordance with Regulation 3 of the Meghalaya Epidemic. Diseases Regulation 2020 and Regulation No. 5 (1) of the Order of the Government of India.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said he will not be able to continue ruling the country because the party he leads has seen a shortage of members in parliament. of this country.
Chelsea scored four goals through Oliver Giroud in the 49th minute, Pedro in the 60th minute and Eden Hazard in the 60th minute. two goals in the 65th minute and a penalty in the 72nd minute.
Fulgida Dkhar from Mawroh PHC for the year 2014-15 and Bandakerlin Japanp from Sohbar PHC for the year 2014-1 Shella Bholaganj C&RD Block for the year 2015-1
He took over as India's ODI captain from Rahul Dravid in 2007 and led India to their first ODI series win in Sri Lanka and New Zealand.
For the second disease, they believe that kynphad should not be planted for a long time in any field where the disease has appeared.
During the meeting, Bah Banteidor also informed the farmers of the State that they need fertilizer for their crops according to the Office Order of the Department of Agriculture issued in on January 09, 2022.
The Bolero Pick-up was stolen from Umpleng, near Jaintia Cement East Jaintia Hills on 15th November 2013, under the pretext of sending jhur from Silchar.
Dr Sangma said the NGT ban has affected the state's revenue and as a result, the government has worked harder to generate less revenue.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya today said that the BJP Meghalaya wants the Meghalaya government to call for peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLA). (HNLC).
Bluebell was accompanied by a group of government ministers at the swearing-in ceremony.
He said the arrested were identified as Joshua Khiangte Tripura, 36, and Joel Tripura, 29, from Damchhara, North Tripura.
Other sources said that on Friday night, there was a huge commotion inside the Civil Hospital under Emergency where the staff inside the hospital did not want to leave or ask the reason, but they worked. do their own thing, but later they learn that there is a confusion between the doctors and the patient.
Jowai, Jymmang 29: The Chairman of the JHADC, Lait Singh Shylla, has decided to convene a special session of the JHADC on the 3rd of July to discuss the Village Administration Bill,
After the arrest of these persons, Deepika Roy, 32, of Laitumkhrah Main Road, was arrested and led to the house of Archana Roy. 25 years old and during the raid, police seized 57.54gms of heroin, 1 mobile phone and Rs 1,94,9
He said that in the past three years, the people have been living in fear and have been forced to take the law into their own hands. The robbers were shot dead by the residents of Shangpung, West Jaintia Hills District.
Through this petition, the MLA of Nongpoh, sent to the Prime Minister, expressed that on his part as the Leader of the People, he feels that at present it is not yet possible to open all the schools in the country. The state, as it is now, is not yet safe for the students and parents, if the schools are opened, he said that the schools will be opened until the middle of July. You also have to consider the situation of COVID-1
Bah Bianglad Nengnong, sent this photograph and writings, in which he found a blue cake.
When asked why the Lokayukta rejected the complaint of AITC spokesperson Saket Gokhale, Dhar said it was in accordance with the CrPC as the complainant did not appear on 15th November.
Good Friday is not mentioned in the Bible.
The company received the letter on the 17th, two days after India celebrated Independence Day.
They should build a progressive mindset and build humanity, not run backwards.
“We express our opposition to the plan of these groups to hold a procession as this will disrupt the celebration of the holy day of Christians and we demand that you should not allow this plan to hold a procession. In a letter submitted to the DC, KHNAM has urged the authorities of East Khasi Hills District not to allow the Shree Hanuman Jayanti Utsav Samiti to hold a procession at on the 7th of this month and another announcement to hold a procession by the RSS on Easter Sunday on the 9th of this month and to direct them to hold on other dates.
Therefore, Kong D.Phawa, urged the residents of Nongsder to continue this cleanliness, because if it is possible to clean up the villages and avoid going outside, she will also release them. to residents from many different species.
When asked, he said, “the demand is for almost fifty years or before that.
Tripura police from Agartala's Ashwini Market area on Tuesday morning arrested two persons on suspicion of providing aid to members of a Pakistani militant group.
Later, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh led the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to visit St Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang which came first in the SSLC examination this year. .
Mulakkal is currently serving in the Diocese of Jalandhar.
Thus God gave two laws to the Israelites when they came to the land of Canaan, the blessing and the curse.
Outsiders are prohibited from fishing in the Myntang River from Myntang Mulain (Hap Sakha) to Syndem Leshka, especially picnicking and unnecessary play on the Suspension Bridge. the spread of the disease and which can destroy this bridge.
According to sources, the injured students were children studying at a children's school in Makha village.
However, since there were no other ways to get around, they decided to leave just to reach their village.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Royes Madur Rangbah Shnong of Umlakhar, said that the MeECL department has not taken care of the grievances of the residents of Umlakhar. for about 4 months due to the loss of transformer in the village.
Nongpoh, November 24: Although the Meghalaya Electricity Corporation Limited (MECL) has struggled to issue checks for the payment of compensation to the farmers affected by the construction of the Umtru Hydroelectric Project, However, the farmers who have been affected by the MECL cheque have not been able to accept the money through the check of MECL. The three demands, which include compensation for crop damage, to fully employ 20 farmers in the area and to increase the compensation in relation to and the fee for the land, because as it is, the MECL has set the price of T.30 per square meter, which the farmers do not agree with.
However, he said the NESO's position is that the CAA should not be implemented in the entire North East including the state.
Looking at the city during the rainy season, our ancestors saw Tura as a city and we want this to happen,” said Bernita.
If we look at the leaders who have made many promises during the elections, they don't have anything during the elections. After the election, the work will remain until the next three years. If we look at the relevant issues such as the inner line permit, the Jing To include the Khasi language in Article 8 of the Constitution of India, to revise the reservation seat between us and our Garo friends. But when we live together in the same state, why should there be discrimination between us? We should share together to live and benefit. They too have the right to get their own rights. Even the Constitution of India gives us the right to be equal before the Constitution of India. equality before law art 14) from the border of the country if you turn around the border of our country from one time to another if you talk about the international border or if you talk about the international border that interstate border! On 18/7/1985 in the newspaper "Ka Lyngwiar Dpei" one of the leaders of the opposition in the Assembly criticized the 1st Congress government of Captain WA Sangma who is the Chief. Minister and Head of Government at that time, Bah Gerson Lyngdoh, said that the border issue is one of the problems faced by our people living in the border areas. He said that for 15 years one government after another has not taken responsibility for this issue from 1983 to 1985 and has handed it over to the experts. to paint.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah H. Staline Diengdoh, MCS, Retired Sub Divisional Officer, Ranikor Civil Sub Division, said that it is a pleasure to see the children going to school. show and recall his schooling for the past 40 years.
However, the large sum of money offered to him by Arsenal in the transfer market has led him to join the club in 2011 and has also helped the team from London to end their failure to win the FA Cup next year.
One of the most important things is that the selection process for sportsmen should not be biased and special allocation in educational institutions and employment should be for all without discrimination of race or rank.
Even in the midst of such an encounter we have to thank God that He did not overlook us, but opened the way for the fulfillment of the rest of the body.
Shillong, June 16: East Khasi Hills District, which has been worst affected by the Covid-19 pandemic in the past three years, has now been free of Covid-19 cases with the recovery of all cases.
He said that the party does not agree with the attitude of Bah HM Shangpliang which has led them to leave and support the NPP candidate. Shillong, Jymmang 15 : The former MLA The UDP candidate from Mawlai Constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie, on Tuesday said that the UDP should no longer work with the NPP after the 2nd of this month. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, has welcomed the UDP candidate for Sohiong Constituency at a meeting held recently at Rangshken.
The death toll from the coronavirus in the United States has risen by 1,883 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to 65,000, according to the Johns Hopkins University.
The union said it will continue to ban sports stadiums in Russia and Belarus as well as in the countries of the two countries, including flags and patriotic songs for use in tournaments. Table tennis, pentathlon, fencing, judo, taekwondo, archery and canoeing are among the other Olympic sports in which athletes from these two countries have been allowed to participate once again. various sporting events around the world.
The plants belonging to this family are motor, rymbaija, ri, dai rahor, dai muk, dai saw, shana-budam, sohphlang and many others which we cannot name. everything here.
Kit said that Palden said that his victory will be a victory for the state as a whole.
“We see now that the Garo are struggling to turn parts of Bri U Hynniewtrep into Garo Hills.
The incident happened at about 1 pm after the incident of burning two stairs at a farm known as Khanduli Square.
“This government is run by government officials and not by government ministers,” said Clifford, adding that former MLAs and the people would face serious problems if they needed to go to the Secretariat.
However, he announced to introduce a scheme worth Rs 63 crore.
The union has decided that if the government does not pay the salary within the 10th, they will close down the office of the DMC, Nongstoiñ.
Mumbai police, investigating the filmmaking of Raj Kundra, husband of Shilpa Shetty, said Raj had made hundreds of films in the past year and a half.
Nongstoiñ: As soon as the month of November comes, the farmers have a happy spirit and a smile on their faces because it is time to harvest the soh which they have sown and worked hard all year round.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister, AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Gavin Mylliem and Balajied Synrem, MLA, have been appointed. Covid injection today at Civil Hospital.
He will also discuss the issue of raising funds for the fight against COVID-19 in the state.
So Phar ́aoh could not refuse to call Moses and Aaron at night.
God gave the Israelites a deep sleep, says the Apostle Paul, “Eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear, unto this day” (Romans 11:8).
On this occasion, the students of Tbeh Jingshai LP and Upper Primary School, Wahlyngkhat handed over the syrnod as ODF Village to the BDO. The Rangbah Shnong of the village is Bah Wankloi Khonglam.
In total, four people were arrested.
The National Institute of Nutrition (ICMR) recently released a report, and the guidelines of the Expert Committee Members, on the diet called “My Plate for the Day for 2000 Kcals”. ".
The technology used by the department is the e-Challan Digital Traffic Solution, which facilitates the issuance of fines to violators and the installation of “Eyes in the Sky” through drones. Prestone said that the drone control rooms will be installed in East Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills to monitor the traffic especially during peak hours.
All vehicles traveling within the Khyndai Lad will have to travel only one way and no vehicles will be allowed to enter from GS Road, Lad Umsohsun to Umsohsun Road and no vehicles will be allowed to park in the entire Khyndai Lad area.
“That is the arrangement but we will look at the time if it is still allowed we will complete as allocated,” said the father.
Some of the residents, while talking to the villagers, expressed their surprise that this water supply has affected them because they have not been able to distribute the water in advance because there has been no announcement in the media. on this sudden dehydration.
The HITO has strongly condemned the Minister of Urban Affairs who has promised to the youth of Mawlai Pyllun and the residents of Mawlai Pyllun and the residents of Mawlai Pyllun. Youths and residents of the village have blocked the road to protest against the silence of the Minister and the State Government.
God speaks of the condition of this Church and warns people from generation to generation.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the UDP Sohra held at the Khliehshnong Dorbar Hall, where party leaders and members from different villages gathered together to discuss the issue.
The Deputy Secretary to the Finance Department, ND Areng, in reply to an RTI request by the National Khasi Union (NKU), said that the government has not appointed any politicians in any department.
Therefore, she urged the students not to tell anything about bank related activities because they are cheating and they don't ask for their PIN numbers even from the bank.
Dunno the plastic waste.
Government authorities have made every effort to implement temporary shelters for the refugees in the three districts, where about 1,331 people have been provided with shelters and so far the implementation for The distribution of relief goods to 17 shelters in four districts is ongoing.
Shillong, July 18,
Women who arrived at the Secretariat this afternoon: Wlytan.
As the top leader of the state, he urged the government officials and Block Development Officers to have the spirit of serving the people properly. , will bring happiness to themselves and also to bring a smile to the people,” he said. He congratulated the BDO, all the employees and all the people of the area. “From today, all those problems you have gone through will disappear and will no longer exist and the Lumshnong area and the area as a whole will now have a “It is our responsibility to take the next step in the development of the country and also on our part as the government we will continue to be with the people,” he said. “Some people have asked me why this government has created so many C&RD Block but I have said that this is not true. I believe that the people of the area also understand and believe now that this is development and prosperity. He said that this has brought closer to the district authorities as well as the government.
The JSU also demanded the repair of the broken electricity lines and posts which endanger the traffic of the residents and nearby houses which supplies electricity from Syndai to Muktapur.
The arrival of the British Government and its ability to challenge the Khadar rule within the Khasi Hima has destroyed all the good things that the ancestors had established.
Shillong, Lber 21 : The MLAs of the Opposition have expressed their regret over the absence of the Governor in his keynote address today on many issues that are important to the state.
Since he started his career as a teacher, he has been a young man whom all the students have known and as a professor at the Presidency College, Madras he has been a truly compassionate and compassionate teacher. help.
Lumniwar SC, which won the title from Mawhati Zone, received a cash prize of T.6,000 and Sonidan SC received T.4,000 and a trophy.
He was speaking after the National Vice President for Meghalaya, Dr. Chuba Ao, said that the BJP will withdraw from the MDA government within six months.
On the complaint of some people to the Governor of Meghalaya alleging that there is religious difference in the State, he said that it is something that has to be looked into and as the Government we have to call discuss.
We cannot believe that this was done without the knowledge of us as the owners of the land who have the necessary documents to prove our ownership of the land in APL Muktapur.
Last month, it was reported that the residents had gone to the meECL office to discuss the issue and after discussing the matter, the office had admitted its mistake and corrected the issue. and was sent to pay for only six months.
In 2012 and 2013, they had met their MLA at that time to inform him about the problems faced by the residents when they went to Shillong for treatment.
“We have joined hands from the MDCs, Village Authorities and Hima to send a message that the government cannot act or rule by force,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, March 31: The Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhaar (MPCA) will assist people who already have Aadhaar to leave the Aadhaar list. to visit the KSU office; Several residents of West Khasi Hills District, have rushed to the KSU office in Nongstoiñ, in order to remove themselves from the Aadhaar list.
Meanwhile, his brother-in-law, Sanjay Kharsati, said that the robbers had sent a recharge card to Ricky's mobile after the phone call. “It's a BSNL number,” he said, adding that the phone is still in the possession of the robbers.
By destroying the mountains, the rivers, the flowers, and the wild animals.
Bah Nongtdu, 78, passed away at 7.15 pm.
During the visit, the Dame inaugurated the residence of the Chairman of the Khun Kur Longtrai, located at Phlangshlan, Pynursla.
This happened at that time and was the beginning of the work of the Holy Spirit.
He said that in order to promote sports, the Parish has already built a Basket Ball Court for the school children.
They insult me ​​and threaten to kill me,” Kangana said in a video, which she posted on her Instagram page.
His family members request that if anyone has seen or found him please inform us on
Tajum Dere of Arunachal Pradesh won the silver medal in 2.29:19 seconds while Kevinjohn Khyllait of Meghalaya won the bronze medal by finishing in the seconds. 2:30:45 seconds.
If that happens, there will be a lot of trouble not only in society but also in the implementation of the Khasi customs and traditions, because all these things will change completely.
Bonney told Rupang that the tree is from Australia and is called Eucalyptus, which the Khasi call the tyrnit tree.
The act of Emvyris Dkhar, who has committed this crime, has caused a lot of trouble in the society, especially the children, and shows that he is no longer a human being but a wild animal. and the devil has taken on him the form of a man, that society should no longer give him a place, but that his end, if the law should be against him, should be in the cross. “said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
Shillong, Naitung 10 : The Border Security Force (BSF) together with the Ri War Development Organization (RWDO) today arrested three Bangladeshis and seized three knives. They used to steal siej and kwai trees in Tishang and Nongjri areas, East Khasi Hills.
General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Network of Positive People, Bah Barry.
“We will prepare complaints to prosecute the corrupt Congress government.
Speaking to Rupang, the IG Prison and Correctional Services, Bah M Kharkrang, said that the department has taken this step so that the prisoners will not die of starvation after their sentences. Many of the prisoners have been released twice or three times even after their release because of their inability to commit crimes after they have been released only to survive.
(1) The resurrection at the beginning of the 1000 years which is the day of the second coming of the Lord Jesus to this earth in which only the saints who will go to heaven will be resurrected on that day.
Furthermore, we must learn from the current election in which the MDA government has been formed by the NPP and regional parties which has shown the inability to govern and take decisions which has led to unemployment. For the development of the state where the regional parties are not willing to withdraw from the government for fear of the coming of president's rule because they understand that the Congress and NPP cannot only three synrops.
In this regard, the union expresses its anger, because the behavior of these officers of these two departments, has destroyed the hopes of the youth looking for jobs in West Khasi Hills.
With this goal, Umlyngka SC managed to win the match and Lapalang SC couldn't score a single goal.
Throughout the day, the logo and slogan, 'Together, Let's Stand Forward' were launched by Bah RR Kynsai Makdoh.
The SP said that about 6-7 members of HITO have been arrested.
“Children and youth should not forget Bah Swell and with the existence of this museum will bring back the story of the great deeds that Bah Swell has contributed with his body and soul for the country and nation.
Mupyot beat Lamin XI 4-0 in the semi final.
The incident occurred last month, when friends of her husband, Arun and Anil, caught her in the act and raped her at their home.
God has given countries and nations their share of rule and greed for what has been given brings destruction and sorrow.
However, if this farming method increases, the government will have to ban the use of pesticides and we will be able to eat the food of the farmers. us", he said.
HK Singh beat Amwi Thangbuli HSS 2-1 in the Under-17 category and 3-2 in the Under-14 category at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Kiang Nangbah Govt HSS has reached the quarter final of the Under-17 Boys category after beating Amlarem SS 4-3
The fact is that the CBI report on the appointment of school teachers, the incident at CMJ University and Nurul Islam are still pending and show the attitude of the government,” said the UDP Shillong City youth.
She said that there may have been a change in the vehicles carrying the goods because they have been covered well, but it is suspected that this covering is only to hide the coal carried and not I don't know if you're happy.
In the XEO Women's category, Phyrnai Kyndiah came second and Destini Dhar came second. In the XEO Junior category, Fiarborn Synnah came second, John Rodrick Banteilang Shadap came third and Hopefulson Thubru came third.
Additional Chief Secretary PBO Warjri said that so far 94 Biodiversity Management Committees have been set up in the state for the purpose of conservation and protection of biodiversity.
He said that the Japanese officials have also informed that they have come to meet with the authorities of NEHU for the introduction of the Japanese language from this semester.
From this tournament, the federation will select the top four players to represent the state in the 60th National Chess Championship The event will be held in Pune, Maharashtra from 16th to 26th July
At the same time, the RBYF leaders urged the Meghalaya government to talk to Assam not to come and cross the border, while it is not clear where the border was divided. The border between Meghalaya and Assam in the villages in the area.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Sawkmie expressed his gratitude to the Sacred Heart Girls School for inviting him to this programme.
The prevention of this disease is only through good hygiene, as during Covid-19, we should wash our hands thoroughly to avoid infection,” said Dr. Robert Marak.
According to a statement from the Commissioner & Secretary, the Commissioner & Secretary, the State Mission Director, SSA-SEMAM as Chairman; the State Project Director of SSA-SEMAM and Director of School Education & Literacy as Member Secretary and Secretary of Education, Educational Research & Training, Secretary of Higher Education, Deputy Secretary of Education and Deputy State Project Director of SSA-SEMAM.
The incident happened at around 12:30 pm when the bus number AS 09C 7349 was on its way to Tetelia but when it reached the scene, the driver of the vehicle could not stop. The driver of the vehicle, Jayant Rabha, died after being taken to Guwahati Hospital. The injured students were also taken to Guwahati Hospital.
This blue turning of the river has been going on for about 10 years since
The election was held after the death of MLA Clifford R Marak.
In West Garo Hills, there are five cases, four of which are from the Armed Forces and one is a high risk contact.
The relatives of the student have shifted him to GNRC Guwahati where he is now in custody.
For example, the repair of a school building costs 5,00,000/-, wages and salaries cost 200,000/- while materials and equipment cost 3,00,000/-.
Nongpoh: To mark the 151st birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, which is celebrated every year on the 2nd of March, the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi District, today celebrated this special day by cleanliness drive in many parts of Ri Bhoi.
He said that as it is now, there are brothers and sisters who look after and provide for his daily needs. “Mother is like a goddess in the world” and urged that those who have parents should honor and respect them so that they will be able to long but you don't have a shirt.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah B.Songthiang, Finance Secretary of Jongksha Village.
Therefore, the struggle is even more difficult because the struggle is not for foreigners but for the politicians from within the state.
The development works to be carried out will include the construction of buildings, roads, canals, dams, water tanks, wells, water treatment plants and other social development works.
The event was also attended by the elderly, women and youth.
You Sur U Public.
USA's Fred Kerley, who won in Rabat last month, now won by 9.94 seconds, Ferdinand Omanyala. Trayvon Bromell came second in 10.05 with Trayvon Bromell third in 10.09 and Jamaican Yohan Blake came in ninth.
Also present on the occasion were the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern Khasi Hills District, Bah G.Kharmawphlang, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, District School Education Officer, Kong L. .Syiemlieh, Sub-Divisional School Education Officer, Bah J. Thyrniang, Headmaster of the school, Bah W. Warjri, Village Leaders, Teachers, School Students and the people of the area .
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the ban on the internet should prevent the spread of violence in the state.
As the country's top body, the Central Vigilance Commission has led many of these initiatives.
“If anyone has any problems with MUDA, they should come to me, I will do whatever is necessary as a government minister,” he said. it shall be completed within six months.
This will be the first time that the team will take part in the NORDIC tournament. After the victory or defeat of the men's team which has produced talented players like Akash Mishra, Vikram Pratap Singh, The All India Football Federation (AIFF) has launched the Indian Arrows Women's Championship.
“This proves the violence of the police against the rules of human rights,” said Bah Dino DG Dympep, Chairman, MPHRC. The MPHRC said that the time has come for the government to speak out on their inability to take a decision to punish those policemen involved in such illegal activities. Therefore, we must urgently find ways to stop these acts of violence in order to regain the trust of all.
A penalty was awarded after one of the players of Assam Rifles Public School was shot in the goalkeeper's corner.
Daiapherbha Lamare said that the 6 Shnong Wah Lukha Association has requested the private sector not to buy the river for fishing and if they lose their property or act against the association, the association is not responsible. to stand firm against those who buy the river to fish.
This is the statement, which was published on the website of the Meghalaya Police.
The court had postponed the hearing of the case today but the government lawyer requested time from the court and the case was postponed to 24th November.
The forum also urged the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to talk to the Chief Minister of Manipur to protect the lives, lands and places of worship of the tribals and Christians in the state. .
When i read all year.
The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development said that the exported soh niamtra is produced from all over the country such as Garo Hills, South West Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills and other parts of the country. other places in this state.
“The Government of Meghalaya has forgotten the country and the people has forgotten to guard the border of the state in many places like Langpih, Mukroh where there have been deaths and injuries. bloody.
Because all fears come from the spirit of fears.
“Bah Samlin Mangiang doesn't need anything because he doesn't have anything,” he said.
However, the number of MLAs from other parties joining the NPP is still low.
They said that the increased demand for sugar from India and the increase in prices in Bangladesh are the reasons for the increase in sugar smuggling.
However, in response to a question, Bah Sanbor said that the decision is from Delhi and if the order comes from there, they will accept it.
According to the Minister, the government is still examining these areas and will take a decision.
However, in the past few days he has been in critical condition and was taken to Robert's Hospital.
He said that at a cost of T.1,600 crore, the foundation stone has been laid for the implementation of many schemes.
At 10.30 pm, a song of encouragement was delivered by the Khimusniang Youth Church and the message from the Word of God was delivered by Rev.S.D.Lanong.
“In today's society, the people of the state should understand that there is no small job and they should not be ashamed to raise cows or pigs for income,” he added.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday tested positive for Covid-1
Zechariah 2:10–11.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 558 new cases have been confirmed and 4539 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Indeed, this area is not only rich in natural resources but also as a home of talented people in sports, music, song and dance. also get exhibited around the world.
MD of National Health Mission, Meghalaya.
The KSU has alleged that a Prophet Tisso from Jrikyndeng area has threatened Comingson Dkhar, Chairman of the Labang Nongphyllut Area Committee.
Other speakers included Alwinson Laloo and Teibormi Dhar who are blood donors.
They are residents of Bengdoba in New Bhaitbari.
The earthquake struck the Cianjur area of ​​West Java, according to the United States Geological Survey. The death toll was estimated at 162 and the injured to message.
Find your place as an influencer in the world of social media.
He said they were paid T.5000 per month and their duties were to clean the JN Stadium, Polo, Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium and others.
The name of the National Liberation Council of Rural Development (NLCN) is very telling.
Shouldn't the political parties and the government find out why the Public Sector Factories of the State which used to boost the income of the State in the past have collapsed? Is it the unhealthy competition of foreign companies as shown in Hindi films like Amitabh's Manzil in the 70's? Chief Secretary J Tayeng IAS said in 2002 at the NERAMA meeting in Shillong, “The government appoints people to run corporations who do not understand the difference between budget. and the Administration of the Government Corporation.
If you want to win, Keep on winning, The time will come one day, The world will recognize you.
We know again and again that urban areas are more suitable than rural areas.
“If this allegation is true, we as politicians should be ashamed.
Speaking to media after assuming office as CEM, Bah Pynïaid said the new EC has a responsibility and will work for the Council and carry its name.
In the last 24 hours, from 8.30 am to 8.30 am, Sohra received 559.6 millimetres of rainfall, while Shillong received 25.8 millimetres. mm and in Umiam, it is 8.3mm.
However, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, has made it clear that the Government will not be able to take over the Emergency Medical Services. The Minister promised to take up the demand of the Union before the Cabinet meeting of the State Government.
Tomorrow's matches will be between NEHU, Shillong vs. KL Bajoria College, St. Edmund's College vs. NEIGRIHMS and BBS College vs. Shillong College.
This work has been delayed only because of the insistence of the United Cachar & Mikirs Hills and the Assam government and the insistence of our state of Meghalaya.
Shanbor Lamare, Emlangki Lamare, Dr. Sanky Shangpung and Zosiama Thianglai.
The victory of Meghalaya today will be a milestone in the cricket of the state, where for the first time the state will qualify for the final of the plate group and also qualify for the to the elite group of the Ranji Trophy next season.
Kennedy was accompanied by Congress leader Dr Mukul Sangma and a group of party MLAs while he filed his nomination papers for the Secretary of the Assembly.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today met with the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs on the peace talks. the HNLC and the Central Government.
They also said that the BJP is a party that has been without jobs and it is under the rule of the BJP that it has caused conflict and misunderstanding among the ethnic groups and especially in relation to the introduction of you feel differently Niam.
This was sent by the Publicity Secretary of HITO West Jaintia Hills, Yomikee Passah.
Mawkyrwat, November 02: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday held a visit to the city of Mawkyrwat Circle. Inspected the office of the Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads) Mawkyrwat Division regarding the office of the Head Assistant or Bara Babu which has been vacant since
The union also spoke to the Head Teachers of the school who said that they have already sent a letter to the government and they are also on the list to repair the school. They said that there are only four teachers in the school because since the retirement of other teachers, no teacher has been appointed. vacant post.
Supporters on Thursday stopped the Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh, from attempting to step down.
Monimin said that these two issues will work well in the mid-term elections in Ampati because Dr. Mukul Sangma has made a mistake by nominating his own son.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 18: A motorcycle without registration number collided with a dumper truck (AS 25 BC 1925) at 3:30 PM today. Two people died shortly afterwards when the motorcycle crashed into the roof of the truck.
The main courses of APEX include soft skills such as respectful manners, goal setting, public speaking, interpersonal relationships, and all-around well-being.
The two-day market will be inaugurated on the 7th June, 2024 by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS. 2024, urged the Government of Meghalaya, not to sign any MOU with the Government of Assam, if the Government of Assam does not agree to return Block-I to Meghalaya.
It is well known that “in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.”2 Tim 3:1
Lajong played well at the beginning of the game with a slow change in the position of the players, but later this style of play of their players collapsed after Samuel Vanlal Peka who is still a player. He was sent off for a yellow card after a collision with Mawkhar goalkeeper Widenstar Kharsati.
The KSU, which is concerned about the influx of foreigners entering and leaving the Khasi Jaintia Hills and especially after the failure to register 19 lakh people in the NRC, has strengthened and prevented the illegal infiltration of foreigners. The state has come to this area because this state is easy for them to invade villages where the law is too weak.
The delegation included Jigur Myrthong MDC, LBlah MDC, LO KHADC, Carnes Sohshang MDC, Officer C. Marwein and this writer.
They arrived at the village at 11:30 pm.
In the past few days, the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang and the District authorities have been able to remove the vendors who are quick to sit on the footpaths. The robbers have started doing the same crime.
In 2014-15, the government has spent T.22,47,50,000 crore to purchase 25,000 mobile tablets and distribute them to 24,970 students of Class XII in all schools across the districts of the state. and more than 30 tablets and have been placed to supply if there is any shortage, said the information received from the department.
We also expect that all the MDCs will have the same understanding and responsibility as you and the group.
Mawkyrwat, Ïaïong 22: Following the heavy rain, snow and strong winds in the past few months, there has been some damage to houses, shops and also to The Mawkyrwat Indoor Hall located near the State Bank of India Mawkyrwat Branch has been damaged.
Early in the morning, my mother came quickly to get up.
He said that once the deadline for the auction of all the 14,10,710.41 MT of coal has expired, the government will take over all the remaining coal whether it is inside or outside the area. The government will auction it and the proceeds will be deposited directly into the government budget.
We will not send anyone to collect, deposit or transfer the donation only to the Account No. given above which belongs to our Treasurer Bah Rasting Lyngdoh Thabah.
We responsibly urge the state leaders to reconsider this decision.
Applications will be submitted from 15th January to 27th January
He said that this light outage has affected the activities of the people, and especially during the mid-year examination of the school children.
He said that the proper implementation of this Act will free women from being left behind.
It is to be recalled that recently the state government has recognized sohmarit and sla tyrpad as agricultural commodities and now it has recognized synsar which is a blessing to the farmers that they no longer have to pay taxes on these commodities. rep.
When asked, Bah Tongkhar said that he does not want to use the policy of “Ai bad shim” here, because many people do not like it, but the preparation of this report is on many areas on the part of the government. you have asked them.
For the BA Media Technology, St. Anthony's College has received T.1,90,1
The son: Thombor Shivat and Komol Shiwat.
Those who buy the right to elect the people with money are not good people whom we can trust.
These people are kept in their homes for many months, so that they can stay indoors and go outside and interact with others.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Minister of Sakwang Village, said that the total cost has reached tens of lakhs of rupees.
Shillong, November 8: KSU Shella Leader Synshar Natep, 19, has surrendered to the Shella Out Post Police Station today.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr WR Kharlukhi congratulated the Village Authority for their ability to implement the scheme allocated for the construction of the Dorbar Hall until it is completed in way beautiful.
He said that although the HSPDP is in the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) and the UDP, but this issue has not been discussed in the RDA. He said that if the UDP does not get a candidate, it should discuss the issue with the RDA before the MDA meeting. The Lamphang will not be elected by all the MLAs, nor will he be appointed by any party.
One of the training centers established through him which has benefited many students of Ri-bhoi area is the Sati Raja Memorial Secondary School at Umsning Patarim. those who understand whether it is in education or in sports.
This is more accurate and more detailed than the old one.
Shillong: The Khasi Sohiong Pyllun on Tuesday held a special meeting with Prof. Rakesh Sinha, MP to request for his assistance.
In the past few days, we have seen that the State Government has removed Bah Hector Marwein, IAS from the post of Chief Secretary even though he is entitled to this position. The Government of Meghalaya has removed Bah YS Shullai, IFS from the post of Chairman of the State Pollution Control Board.
On the Syiem's ​​permission for foreigners to enter the Khasi shops in the market, Shylla said that the land in the market cannot go to non-Khasis. “It shows that the Land Transfer Act has been violated,” he said.
According to Dr Nonglait, the government has now set up a committee and this committee has sent a report to the government but the government has not paid attention.
Shillong: Smit FC on Saturday beat Mawkhar FC 1-0 in the 1st Division of the SSA at Polo Ground.
At the same time, there are those who have already expressed their doubts about the lack of football fields in Shillong amidst the preparations to host the National Games.
Sharma recalled that Meghalaya got its own state because of the Congress and added that the Congress is a party with a vision that can achieve its dreams and the aspirations of the people of Meghalaya.
We want that at the next meeting, at least the Chairman or General Secretary should participate in the discussion”.
Being a leader requires first of all a strong foundation through the foundation of righteousness and truth. If you are strong on the foundation, it doesn't make sense. you are wrong.
Pangniang said their visit may also be because the party has already decided before the elections that if it wins MLAs from any constituency it will join the government.
These piglets were taken by the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong Mawkasiang for cleaning and burial to avoid the spread of any disease that may cause from these piglets.
Yes! The office and its employees have faced many difficulties in providing electricity especially during the heavy rains and strong winds. The office should request the higher authorities to take action on this issue because if there are many hours of blackout except for the fire, it is a big loss.
He also spoke about the many research activities related to the department that the students of the school are doing.
We want clarity from the top, because the people are worried about the loss of taxes for them”.
“Because NESO and its member groups have taken note of this issue, we have decided that more steps need to be taken by NESO and its member groups.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Thang Khiew said that the village authorities have been talking to the army from time to time to release the wells from the area used by the residents of Lum Mawbah. .
Buhari has been in Britain for three months undergoing treatment for an unknown illness.
Now let us go back a little bit to the past few years in which as a nation we have faced many trials, difficulties and challenges that have shaken us as members of the nation so that we can understand and know why this attack on our nation continues from time to time and has not ended even today.
Even the implementation of the 100 days scheme, which is the fund allocated by the central government, has not worked properly and has become a slow process without recognition, how it is implemented and how the government pays salaries to them. employee.
When I fell into the sea, I touched myself, and forty kinds of plagues came out.
Understanding between man is through the sight of the eyes, the hearing of the ears, the feeling of the soul, and the communication of the mouth.
Initially, there were many problems but through awareness campaigns and educating the villagers, it has grown and flourished today.
According to police, the manager of Hotel Megha Stay Inn lodged a complaint after the room 403 was locked from inside.
The following are some of the Matters, what a true Leader has :-.
He passed away at Civil Hospital Shillong on 10th November 2020 from Covid pneumonia.
At this juncture, let us look at only this idea of ​​democracy and its foundation.
The State Government has informed that those government employees who wish to attend the funeral of Fr Sngi on the 30th June, can leave their offices at 12 noon, said a statement from the General Department. Administration Department, Government of Meghalaya.
From the beginning we have demanded that the Meghalaya government should implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act. Because the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act is an Act from the Central Government and not from the State, to include Garo Hill, a bill has to be passed by Parliament and not by the State Legislative Assembly.
The tournament is organized by the Nagaland Adventure Club (NAC) in collaboration with NEXA Jimny.
“This is not our personal responsibility even though I am the president because we have to follow the rules of procedure of the party,” he said.
The Education Cell of KSU South West Khasi Hills District has visited these schools twice on 15/02/2022 and on 15/02/2 on 21/02/2022 where we as the union have heard the complaints of the teachers, students and residents of the area although many children study in these government schools.
Speaking to media, Bah Sumarlang Swer President of LJWDA said that the tournament is held every year with the support of ITC Bangalore. The talents of the youth should also be a source of inspiration especially for the youth in the field of football.
In a statement, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongal Sangma, said that the meeting with Amit Shah will be held on 29th October at 4.30 pm.
(3) Installation of toilets in the market to avoid overcrowding and to bring cleanliness in the market.
Jesus said, "It is fitting for us to fulfill all righteousness.
The Congress MLA from Rajaballa said that the illegal coal mining continues till today.
Shillong, March 26 : The Nongmensong Taxi Drivers' Association on Tuesday inaugurated its 30th Anniversary of Service to the people of the area.
Men, on the other hand, such as kings, priests, sohblei, sohsla, have a part outside of their rympei in the religious rituals.
The Minister of Electricity, James K Sangma, today said that there are only 17 villages in Meghalaya to get electricity and these will be completed before 31st October this year. by the federal government.
After the villagers gathered, the accused locked themselves inside the house and refused to obey the sordar to open the door.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The TMC MLA from Nongthymmai, Bah Charles Pyngrope on Friday issued a Zero Hour Notice regarding the insult and throwing out of a bus by a Sister. I left Dudhnoi for Goalpara, Assam.
“When I received the letter, I thought that Bah Pynshngaiñ is intelligent and doesn't care about the discussion in the House and doesn't do politics but it is a threat to me by the CEM who wants to use the Secretary. “Welljune Syiemlieh, former secretary,” said Bah Shylla in a written statement sent to the media. He added that he has received information that today the Rangbah Shnongs of Nongkrem constituency have appointed him. Please contact KHADC to receive a work order.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) in Sohiong is still very new and the people have not yet accepted it.
Shillong: There have been 81 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 172 recoveries and one death.
KHNAM said that the MDC's resignation is because he is afraid of being removed from the EM seat in KHADC by the Congress.
This news has upset the staff of MCCLEU as it was announced suddenly at the last minute.
It would be better if the owners of the houses installed CCTV cameras to make it easier for the police to track down the robbers.
Shillong, Naitung 22: From time to time, the BSF has seized cows smuggled to Bangladesh through the border and after seizing these cows, the BSF has handed them over to the Custom Department. In a statement issued today, the BSF said that after handing over the cows to the Customs, the same cows were returned to the Customs. smugglers who came to buy during the auction of the Custom Department.
It has nothing to do with no and no.
It should look at where this can be implemented so that it will help the communities and families.
Renikton contested the MLA election for the first time in 2013 from the NPP from Mawkyrwat constituency and was defeated by Congress candidate Rowell Lyngdoh. 4,459 votes.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Supreme Court judges have asked the government lawyers and also the Supreme Court. Hima Nongstoiñ, why they have to wait for many years to come for justice, but the answer that the lawyers have to give to the judges is that at that time the state government was led by others.
The Congress and Janata Dal (Secular) have joined hands for the 2019 Lok Sabha elections as synrop parties and have lost in winning only one constituency, while the BJP has won in 25 consistently.
Ri Bhoi Water Sports and Tourism Cooperative Society Ltd, Umtham on 2nd June 2013 has honored these youngsters who have competed in the National Rafting Competition to represent Meghalaya. 5 young kayakers at the meeting held at White Water Village.
Other participants included Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of World Development Forum Harsh Shrivastava, Samudra G Kashyap, Special Correspondent of Indian Express, Pradyot B Manikya, Editor-in-Chief of North-East. Today (TNT).
Addl Superintendent of Police (Traffic) East Khasi Hills District, Bah Ian O.Swer, in an interview with Mawphor, said that at about 2.40 pm, it was still school hours. A vehicle (ML-05 W-2777) coming from Laban area has stopped the vehicle between Red Cross Road, Laban on the way to Civil Hospital, Shillong. traffic jam and congestion which has affected other four-wheeler and two-wheeler drivers.
The Super Six will start on July 29, while the top teams from the two groups will qualify for the playoffs.
The area together with Mawshynrut MLA Gigur Myrthong, have lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma against the contractor. They have been treated excessively and have been dismissed from their jobs.
The Pradesh Election Committee (PEC) of the Congress on November 29 has approved the names of 40 candidates for the Congress in 2023 and about 20% of the candidates are women.
When asked about the second border settlement, Conrad said that the second border settlement has been postponed due to the incidents in recent days. He said that before the resumption of talks with Assam, reconciliation and understanding is needed.
The Lumpyngngad Sports Club has concluded the Inter Group Football Tournament 2020 on Saturday.
MCTA General Secretary Dr Airpeace W Rani said that during the meeting, the VC admitted that there was a mistake in the notification issued on 12th November However, the VC refused to withdraw the notification saying he had not received any complaint from the Principals of Colleges.
Shillong, March 17 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today said that more than 70,000 youths have reached the work force every year. It is important for the government to develop a policy that will open up the opportunity for them to enter the workforce in other areas as well.
Shillong, Nailur 7 : U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) will win from both the Parliamentary Constituencies in Shillong and Tura. Sabha will be in
The remains of Singh were taken to his hometown of Ialong, a village 8 km from Jowai, the district headquarters.
Friends say that.
Birla's name was proposed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is also the Speaker of the Lok Sabha, and was supported by the entire House.
“If the government provides land and houses to build for these people, we feel that all government employees will demand the same in the future and this will cause a lot of trouble. to the State Government and to the citizens of the State who contribute to the Government budget.
She said that the MCTA will not comply with any illegal laws.
The union urges the law enforcement authorities to conduct searches in the border areas as at such times it will be a serious threat to the people on the border if these people come from Bangladesh. They brought this virus to our Khasi country.
Four teams have qualified for the Meghalaya State League to be held by the Meghalaya Football Association this year.
Furthermore, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Dorbar on 5th November 2022, have issued an order that this shop will belong to Rani Marbaning from 27th July
Arbin and Chirak were born 4 weeks ago.
These blankets will be distributed to more than 14,000 households in Nartiang Constituency.
Mawiong has been transferred and appointed as Sub-Divisional Police Officer, Mawshynrut to fill the vacancy.
The ICYM said that the Youth Convention is scheduled to be held at Khandwa from 2nd to 5th March 2022 and youths from all over the parishes have attended the venue.
We will see in the coming days, but for now we see that the count of the Sangma, along with Prestone and Metbah, seems to have been wrong, but he is still able to lead by Bah PN King alone, who is strong on the right and on the left, to destroy those who show their strength.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-2) Government on Tuesday accepted the recommendation of the Committee on the Reservation Roster to allow discussion on the recruitment of jobs within the country. the state.
So far, 31 cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in the state, 13 have recovered, 17 are still infected, one has died. deaths from Covid-1
Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, has been appointed to the Ministry of Urban Affairs, Transport, Industries, Prisons and Correctional Services.
According to information received, the Central Government does not want to take immediate action on this matter, but an inquiry can be set up at any time to find out the truth of this allegation against him. Shanmuganathan.
This requires the approval of the Cabinet, therefore we have brought it for discussion and it has been agreed upon by all”.
Nongpoh: The Ri-Bhoi Tourism and Environment Development Forum (RIF) has decided to hold the Sohtrun Festival in Ri-Bhoi for the second time. good morning.
Under the Meghalaya State Legislature Act 2005, Garo and Khasi have been declared as Associate Official Languages.
Beneslaus Khyriem, Sport Secretary of the Nonglum Unit and Mawlai Circle, said that the Nonglum Unit's action is just a destruction of the soh pyut.
He said that the transporters of goods from one state to another will take a decision on how to use these weighbridges at this meeting after the Minister of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH) said that There are many weighbridges on the NH 6 which have not been implemented properly.
When we are like this, we should not be surprised when we see all these things happening before us.
Police have arrested the truck on information received from police patrols who saw the truck moving on Saturday on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
That is why, they do not oppose the increase in food prices.
After the programme, Bah FR Kharkongong, who first started Discover Jaintia in Jaintia Hills during his tenure as DC, also visited Moopun Water Falls where he praised the beauty of the Jaintia Hills. of me.
The most publicized issue is the inability of the two PDF MLAs to join the NPP, although even the NPP leaders have admitted that there will be such a thing.
“Ka seng trusts the Hima Mylliem to do what it has promised, namely to abolish the appointment of Rangbah Shnong and to cancel all the NoCs issued for the sale and purchase of land.
I don't think HNAM has been involved in the work of others, it should shut up... and these organizations that appear every year like they appear during the rainy season... should reduce the appearance of these organizations without any reason... they should these are the organizations that make porcupines of us Khasi; that other nations are quick to work with us, because we are porcupines without shiah.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has accepted the Resolution I brought on the Roster System, but due to time constraints, the Resolution could not be adopted during Private Member Business; I don't have any other choice but to bring a Motion for Adjournment to discuss this issue which is not necessary for the people of the state.
Then, in 2013, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit introduced a resolution to implement the ILP in our state but this resolution was silenced in the numbers of the Congress government at that time.
The North Devon Council has released the video to set an example to the public to take care of their children and not to allow children to stand or play near water. because it is impossible to know when something bad might happen to them.
The opening match of the tournament was between Mawkma Youth Club and SSK. The Garo Students' Union (GSU)-CEC led by Zikku BN Marak and other members met with the Minister. The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma has requested to postpone the NEHU or CUET examination to be held this month, due to the conflict of dates.
Not only that, but many Khasi say that Lyngngam and Diko are the same.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: U Congress MDC Neil Antonio War, who recently joined the BJP, on Tuesday said that he has been touched by the BJP leaders in Delhi especially Arun Jaitley. .
However, Simsang will have to fight hard to secure the top spot.
He said he hoped that Rebecca would take forward the good works that the previous officers had started and make MeECL grow in income.
“I have met Ba AL Hek, Minister of Health in Meghalaya, Govt and BJP leader in Shillong to express my condolences on the passing away of my mother.
Noting that the party will take action in this regard, he said, “In the city, it is not seen to clean up the village tops and this poses a threat.
Nongstoiñ, July 19: The Rambrai River, which has been one of the most famous rivers in West Khasi Hills District for its cleanliness, has disappeared. The river has lost its reputation and dignity, just because of the misdeeds of the residents of the area who have turned the river into a garbage dump.
The demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Khyrnit Bahynriew may also be more relevant as the signs are clear.
However, instead of people (that is, the owners and landlords) understanding their own spiritual deeds, they justify themselves by saying that God has blessed them and that the owner has blessed them. to do whatever you want.
Speaking at the meeting, Lamphang said; “We have invited various departments including the PHE Department to look after the water supply inside the building, as well as the Social Forestry Department for the development and beautification of the surrounding area. Arts & Culture to oversee the decoration through traditional colours as well as the IT Department and NIC.” He said that they have taken all the steps through various departments to ensure that the forward operations.
There is no public vote.
Balamut Chyne - Secretary Village Council.
On the other hand, Dr. War said that even after sending tests to all those who have been in contact with the man, so far no one has tested positive. 19' guy is not real.
He said he didn't want to say anything.
The CEM also announced the election for Dolloi held by the JHADC on July 23 for two Elaka including Shangpung Elaka won by Chanki Langbang and Nartiang Elaka won by Salong Lamare.
“The question to the state government is how much you have done for these residents of Mukroh,” said Bah Nehimaia.
He said the main objective of the program is to educate the public about the earthquake and to prepare themselves in advance to avoid any incident.
When he said to her, “Mother, repent, don't be afraid, don't be afraid, remember your family, your children and keep your manners. .
On Monday, the day of the one-day dorbar of the JHADC, several members and leaders of the JSM led by N Ribok Biam Working President JSM Western Region turned to the JHADC to protest with slogans and slogans. The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has been installing the Entry Tax Gate since 15th June.
“Many roads in Ampati are like fish ponds, even people can go fishing on the road,” he said.
Mizoram tied first and scored 144 runs to which Meghalaya replied with 145 runs.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pynïaid expressed his satisfaction with the decision he has taken and said how this use of a tuk-thuk has saved him from the traffic jam and he has reached the right time. go back to the council.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: Sabina Parvez Warjri, Miss Shillong 1995, who represented Meghalaya at the Mrs South Asia India pageant held on 25th June in Delhi, will now have the opportunity to represent Meghalaya. for India at the Mrs. India Universal 2017 to be held in London from 3rd to 10th September
The new Assembly in Mawdiangdiang was established by him.
They break, throw them down, the unforgiving: people who do not have a spirit of forgiveness to others when they are wrong or less.
The blood, character and even the appearance of the children comes from the parents or father so why should we be angry if someone wants to take ancestry from the father? It is time to think how to strengthen the Khasi society and not only the culture.
Earlier, the mother of Bah Marbaniang had lodged a complaint with the High Court after the Special Investigating Team (SIT) appointed by the government to investigate the incident failed to submit its report. time has expired since July 18th.
All the tribal states of the North East from Nagaland, Manipur, Tripura and Meghalaya have now come under the control of the BJP government in Delhi.
This age is an age of struggle in all aspects of life.
“The government should appoint an Additional Chief Manager who will be able to look after the operation of the factory because the Manager has become too busy,” said the Sohra MLA.
In addition, the smoke and smoke has spread to Mawiong village and to Mawlai Umthlong and Umjajew.
Laishnong HS School beat Marian Hill HS School 2-0
The four polling stations out of 788 polling stations that remained empty were the Rongpakre Polling Station at LP School in Rongri Kimgre Constituency with 303 votes and the Pakregre LP School Polling Station with 761 votes. vote in Damas constituency in North Garo Hills district.
At present, Torak has been part of the group of Rang ia Kura of the country, who are in the midst of preparing to go to the competition. It will start on the 14th and end on the 23rd of this month.
If you still want to get five thousand or fifty thousand that can give you momentary happiness, count how much you get in a day.
Hamlet in the letter said that BSNL's action shows that it does not care about the religious beliefs of the people and does not respect their beliefs.
This isolation of poor households in Nongmensong has led to people committing crimes and pollution.
How parents live, how young children walk and stand, how the example of how young children should follow.
According to some of the infected persons, they have reported that there is a swelling in the eyelids which also causes them to smile and smile and cover their eyes in the morning.
Shillong: Nongkasen village in Eastern West Khasi Hills is one of the largest producers of biscuits.
At this time when the elections are approaching, Bantei said that the party needs people to go forward especially to strengthen the party so the BJP leaders have sent him to go forward.
of 8th Platoon group, I/c.
The Dorbar Shnongs should work together with various groups and departments of the Government to facilitate the arrest of drug traffickers who destroy the society.
Shillong, July 23 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong on Thursday said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government is still strong and will complete its rule throughout the term. five years.
Between November 1947 and October 1948, when the Khasi States signed the Instrument of Accession, the people of Ri Hynniewtrep were promised the right and freedom of self-government as stipulated in the Annexed Agreement. .
The incident has affected the livelihood of the man in which the cows and other livestock have died including the rice, clothes and other daily necessities. that has turned dpei lut.
Thanks also went to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, MP Shillong, Ma Vincent Pala, Secretary to the Chief Minister, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State, MLA, MDC, DC of West Jaintia Hills, Bah B.S. Sohliya, ADC of Ummulong Outpost, BDO of Thadlaskeiñ Block, PHE and PWD officials, doctors, nurses of Ummulong CHC, employees of St. .Aloysius Hospital and JDHS Healthcare.
Bah Gabriel Wahlang MDC, said that this visit will be a great blessing to the area, especially to the residents of Jaidoh, to avoid having to go to Nongstoiñ or Shillong to study. in which parents will have to face many difficulties, because the cost will be higher.
Registration for the examination can be done through the PW Website, and app, or at the nearest PW Centers from now till March 15,
From Garo Hills out of 24 constituencies, this is the first time in Garo Hills that teachers from colleges and students who have passed from IIM, IIT have left their jobs to contest the election. In the constituency, 14 seats are contested by the Congress.
Raghav Magotra of Nongmensong CC scored 7 overs for 17 runs and took 3 wickets while Anish Charak completed 9 overs for 27 runs and took 3 wickets. .
He said that the use of seatbelts by drivers is one of the causes of death in accidents.
If you don't agree, don't do it.
The union for the benefit of the area demands from the PWD department to clean up this road as allocated funds.
In her speech, Roshan Warjri urged the UALA members who came today not to look back but to look forward.
The ceremony was inaugurated by Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Transport and others, Govt.
Therefore, they supported the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Bill (Second Amendment)
Jowai, Nailur 06: The (L) Keslieoy Pala Invitation Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
"As a political party, the NPP respects the cultural and traditional uniqueness of the entire North East and therefore, “We want it not to affect this and it will remain as it used to be.
On the same day, 39 new cases have been confirmed including 13 cases from East Khasi Hills, 6 cases from Ri Bhoi, 2 cases from South West Garo Hills, 17 cases from West Garo Hills and 1 case from West Jaintia Hills. .
No one has the right to judge the ability or inability of the present Leaders inside the Legislative Assembly, but outside the Legislative Assembly we see their lack of intelligence, not only that, their morality. the glory is gone, and there is no foundation or thought.
Meanwhile, another protest has broken out against the Chinese occupation of land in the Galwan area, but these protesters have taken the wrong map of the United States.
Dr MR Ravi, Deputy Commissioner of Chamarajanagar, said he could not confirm whether all the 24 people died from lack of oxygen.
According to the General Secretary, Nantu Das was arrested by the police last night and is under investigation.
“Thus, by the death of Jesus on the cross, the New Testament became stronger than the Old Testament when people were allowed to sacrifice the blood of animals.
The incident happened at 8.30 pm on Friday morning on the NH-6 at Lad Moodymmai, West Jaintia Hills District.
Since the beginning of the social distancing and lockdown, in connection with the spread of COVID-19, the Meghshala App has been widely used and at present, the usage has exceeded 28,000 hours.
He said that any decision taken on the reopening of schools has not been approved by the State Government.
Where is the happiness? This means that to produce food, we need food producers or farmers – farmers who are smart and stingy, who have knowledge and skills according to the passage of time, who those who have a strong organization, those who have land to farm, those who know the ways and means according to the times to strengthen agriculture and those who know how to market their products.
After being taken to the District & Session Judge, Nongpoh, the Ri Bhoi Police have requested the Court to remand him in Police Custody for another day. to conduct a thorough investigation into the KSU leader, who has been arrested by the police.
Furthermore, in order to make this hospital a proper one and one of the most beautiful and accessible hospitals due to its location near the highway, the Minister requested that maintain this health center in order to free it from all kinds of evils.
Jharkhand police have launched a search operation for Ajay as part of the search operation for Maoist militants in the state.
“The state government has not yet lifted the restrictions, so I urge all the residents to follow the SOPs of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. three things".
The situation has improved in the area and police are on high alert to prevent any incident.
Speaking briefly as the chief guest, SB Tariang, President of the Riwar Mihngi Development Council (RMDC) said that the Department of Arts and Culture has a role to play in providing assistance to the youth who have talent in the field of music and dance. Likewise, the leader of the region should assist in the development of talented youth.
If they fail to deliver their bags within 4 days, Blue Ribbon Bags will pay 19,800 tyngka per bag, without any changes.
The seized trucks were No. ML04A-1987, ML04A-8029, ML04A-8057, AS01AC-7471, AS24C-2255 and ML04B-1 A case has been registered against them under sections 188/34 IPC and 194 MV Act.
He said that Bajop Pyngrope's statement is true that in the 2023 election the NPP will win 16 seats from Garo Hills and 20 from Khasi and Jaintia Hills. and all these candidates are in Grade-A which means they are in the middle of the race to win.
In the semifinal match among hundreds of spectators, the Meghalaya players scored in a beautiful manner.
Shillong: Hunmon Ryngad, a daughter of Betsy Passah alias Elizabeth, has alleged that her daughter-in-law, Collinson Roy Ryngad, has stolen all the property of her late father, Collinson Roy Ryngad. of Hunmon).
“On the other hand, AMKA feels that like the Karbi community in the Khasi Hills, the Karbi community needs to have one MDC in the KHADC and this is the same in the KAAC. “They need to have one MDC in Karbi Anglong, so that they can talk about the issues of the people,” said the AMKA leader. We have heard about the attacks on the Khasi people living in Block I and Block II, therefore, the union would like to inform the government that it should take a decision and discuss thoroughly on this issue. If there is a Khasi MDC to lead the KAAC and a Karbi MDC to lead the KHADC, it will be easier to discuss the issues of the people on the border and especially in the Block I and Block I areas. Block II, added the AMKA leader. Furthermore, the AMKA leader said that it is necessary for the KHADC and KAAC to have a cooperation from time to time, so that Block I and Block II, as the majority of the residents are Karbi and Khasi.
The closure of the markets has been witnessed since today, 4th July 2024, when the number of passengers has started to decrease and has decreased significantly on all the roads, roads and vehicles. they began to walk around because the Christmas market was over.
The incident occurred at Navtolia Middle School, Bisfi, about 22 kilometers from Patna.
He also informed that all those young men and women who want to earn money through JETS 24X7 can contact for more details through these phone numbers of the company's management or get information through the website to be launched. that public.
Immediately, a team of police from Sohra rushed to Mairang and with the help of Mairang Police Station, they recovered the motorcycle.
The Minister was accompanied by MLA Eugene Lyngdoh, government officials including Kong Matsiewdor War.
Earlier, Karnataka beat Jammu and Kashmir 5-0
In addition, Conrad visited the Sadhana Forest Information and Learning Centre, which provides training to the villagers to conserve their natural resources.
“Their words and actions have been too much, they have spread rumors that my son has gone to give birth to that rot, they have received a picture from Saudi Arabia that a woman has been stabbed in the mouth. I wanted to listen to the truth I don't want to but when I sat with my friends and police chiefs they said that this is the name of Jesus Christ. “I have to file an FIR and I have done so,” said HDR.
Guwahati: Assam has moved forward with the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code and the Cabinet today repealed the Assam Muslim Marriage and Divorce Registration Act, Muslim marriages will now be included in the Special Marriages Act.
Police on 22nd June, recovered a suspected human head from opposite a street at Oakland Bivar Road, Shillong.
He said that his question to the ministers of the MDA government is that as a responsible citizen of India he has the right to ask questions to any government leader and to know the that the multitude of men might have light; However, the leaders of the MDA government are afraid of their own failure, lest the people know about the corruption in the present government.
Shillong, June 20: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MPSCB) has not received any order from the Kashari High Court to set up a Joint Inspection Committee (JIC) to ensure the cleanliness of the Umshing River. The animal husbandry and veterinary slaughterhouse at Mawlai Mawiong.
Speaking as an encouragement to the students from Tripura, Samla Donald Thabah, General Secretary and including the MLAs from Tripura, said: expressed his gratitude to the students for having the unity to hold such a meeting so that they can talk or discuss for the benefit of the students who come to study at this school. the College.
Patricia Dohtdong from the Women's College said that dress is not the reason why women are raped.
The Governor also congratulated the youth who won the competition and urged them to move forward in their work so that they can take part at the National and International Level.
When I saw the newspaper published on 22.6.2019 written about the complaint of Pastor K.Pyrtuh against the Synod (See Not) on the suspension of his Pastoral post, I would like to give a full support to this pastor.
On the other hand, the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association once again urges the government to take action to issue the coal as soon as possible, so that they can complete the coal within the stipulated time and days. Shylla, Vice President of Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association.
With only three goals, the third-placed teams have now been separated and the most interesting in the race for the first place will be this year's World Cup.
The deadline for filing nominations will be on the 20th of this month, the hearing day will be on the 21st of this month, the polling day will be on the 10th of June and the polling day will be on the 10th of June. on the 13th, January.
The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) has opened another traditional food shop known as Meiramew Cafe or Mother Earth Cafe at Cham Cham village, East Jaintia Hills District.
What will happen to those farmers who used to earn a living from agriculture? Especially in the rural areas, many of the parents not only support to earn a living from agriculture, riang, but even to send their children to school, they have to work hard by farming without counting the trees and stones, because they don't have anything else.
He said that he has been working for about 20 years inside the oxygen factory. He said that last night at 10 pm, he was in the oxygen factory. At 11 pm, when the guard went to search all the parts of the factory, he found that the man was lying dead inside a chair. with signs of injury on the head.
The game is currently on the break and we will rewrite the rest of the action in the second half.
The WJNC said that it has distributed foodgrains to some families of Iooksi village, who live in Umdiling, Shiliang Masar and Kyanmynsar, but it is surprised to see the news from the Rangbah. The village said that they did not distribute food.
According to the discovery of these stones, the year from 4200 to the present day is known as the Meghalayan Age.
Shillong, Nailur 13: Ka Maitshaphrang has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma to expedite the implementation of the Compulsory Registration Marriage Act in the state.
I am sorry to hear that some people disagree or understand that the “Ktien Sohra” is the “Ktien Pdeng” of us Khasi-Pnar people. other Khasi languages ​​spoken by our people in their villages and areas.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 2,437, including 1,689 cases from East Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, the youth organization has also requested to install a solar light system for 52 households in Umsohlaper village, as the Meghalaya government has not yet been able to install electricity from the village. The Government of Meghalaya.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has requested the World Bank to build resource recovery centres. Center starting first from the villages in East Khasi Hills District.
The KSU has alleged that even the Assam Police have been guarding the staff of the school.
This can be very frightening and desperate for those who suffer from this disease.
Other dignitaries who attended the ceremony included S. Lalthangzo IES, Economic Advisor, NEC, PB War Nongbri, Assistant Director (DSYA), Treasurer MSOA Ksan Warjri and technical officials of the MSOA. NRAI, players and coaches from six states of the region who came to take part in this tournament.
It is for this reason that many people have expressed their doubts about the CM Elevate scheme, especially when it was announced or implemented a few months before the elections, whether it is the MDC or MP elections. Public Assembly.
On the other hand, the village officials and elders expressed their gratitude to Bah Sawkmie for even in his small position as MDC, he has been able to introduce the water supply scheme.
Years passed, and after Jesus was no longer on earth, perhaps about 37 years later, in 70 AD Jerusalem and the Temple were destroyed under the leadership of the Roman General Titus.
Before the burial of her body, a special prayer was held by the religious leaders of the Church of God in Pahamsyiem.
Furthermore, there was also a ceremony in memory of those who passed away by the Pa Dolloi of Jowai Elaka and the Khatsoo Kñi and Kñi of the Kurs who have passed away. Shillong.
The vendors who were arrested today include khar die shana, wai dong vendors, juti vendors, jain vendors, pan snieh vendors, mobile vendors and others.
This is one of the matches of the IV UUP Invitation Football Tournament 2023 organized by UUP SC Pynursla.
Explaining about the incident, Prestone said there was only a mutual exchange of words and the religious leaders were not involved at all.
Politics: the world, politics should not be spread; the earth is the place of the dead; The hima is the synrop of the raij of the kurs who rule within the boundaries of the territory marked in one land.
Many of them appear only by name but do not receive the benefits and there are also those who appear many times and many from the same family.
The second session was conducted by Dr. MM Khymdeit, Lecturer, Khasi Department, NEHU, Shillong. Elizabeth Shylla from Nongtalang College, Frugiferous Diengdoh from St. Anthony's College, Shillong, Lasubon Nongkynrih from JJM Nichols Roy College, Shillong and Jennifer Lyngkhoi from Balawan College, Umsning.
Abraham said to God, “Will you sweep away the righteous with the wicked? Abraham said, “If there are only fifty righteous people in Sodom, will you destroy it? Did Abraham tell God not to destroy the righteous with the wicked, but to make the righteous as the wicked? And he said, Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right? And he said, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then I will spare all the place for their sakes. .
Bijoy Tariang is the father of I Love You Talang from Moorap.
It does not speak specifically for any ethnic group, but for the backward classes as far as possible, regardless of religion, race, gender, where they come from, where they were born, They shall have the right to work, without discrimination or discrimination.
We are sorry for this and that is why we are holding this rally.
The Rice Social and Development Guild is a group of former students of St. Peter's Secondary School, Mawjrong who are trying to follow in the footsteps of the Christian Brothers in the area a few years ago.
One is the Kynshi Stage-I and the other is the Upper Khri Stage-I & II Hydro Electrical Project (HEP).
Speaking to media, Marchkupar Thabah, Secretary of the JAC, said that the JAC is filled with sadness after the District Council has not taken any action on the issue. The demand has been lodged since 2021 to remove the Lyngdoh, after the JAC discovered through RTI the errors and omissions he has committed.
In Wushu, Punjab came first and Jammu came second.
Shillong, Naitung 29: After receiving many complaints from the public, the MPUF and the Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) have decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. The District Transport Officer (DTO) of West Jaintia Hills District has met with the District Transport Officer (DTO) of West Jaintia Hills District on many of the issues of the people especially regarding the stickers of Local Taxis. public especially in the issuance of documents such as driving license and so on.
Bah Raphael Warjri also urged other students to follow the example of Bah Daniel Stone Lyngdoh who spent a lot of time in Delhi but is still able to contribute as a writer.
And they shot him with the sword.
The meeting was also to clarify the issues related to the arrangements for the full land allocation by the district committees.
After discussion with both the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram and the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, it was agreed that the DC should resolve the issue so that nothing will happen. understand the mind.
There have been major changes in England and the changes have come in two forms, one through the Industrial Revolution and the other through the enactment of the Enclosure Act.
He said that the Inner Line Permit is the strongest law to protect the country and the nation from the illegal entry of foreigners. Ardent said that in these days, we have seen many protests, in which while there are protests, the people who have been severely affected are the people who have been affected. bylla in the market that hat.
“We see that if there is no way to have a dialogue, there can be many problems in the society, disruption of peace and order and on this, KAS wanted to say something on this. and perhaps this may be due to the Reservation Policy announced since 1972,” said Dr. Nonglait.
Therefore, we must be clean especially in our thoughts and actions,” said the Governor.
Other speakers included Bah Ransom Sutnga, Bah Lumlang Mawnai and Bah Pateng Myrsing.
It will ensure that students with slower academic achievement have opportunities to take up academic careers.
In their traditional costumes, they went to ask God for the strength to win Droupadi Murmu for the presidential election.
S/d- B.M.Lalang.
Speaking to media, Sawkmie said the government should have announced the names of the members of the Expert Committee which will consider the views of the political parties. different.
They are so jealous that they cannot look forward to the good of others.
“On the part of the Prime Minister, he said that a Regional Committee will come and he together with the Chief Minister of Assam will go to the border along with the orderly gathering of the residents to showcase the “It's our paid job and our desire to be in Meghalaya,” said Bah Sungoh.
Furthermore, the residents of the village are disappointed that the Government has not turned its attention to this road because through this road many villages have been connected to reach the Hospital (PHC) in the village. Nartiang especially for poor women who go for treatment and also for those who go to get medicine from health centres.
Speaking on the occasion, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the Delhi government has no concern for the people of the North East in terms of education. “Take action to set up schools to improve the education of the indigenous people, unemployment to stand on their own feet,” he said.
“We don't know whether he will join the party because in our party you can become a member by giving a Miss Call, but in Sohra we don't recognize Dr. Khongjee in the party,” said Rothel Khongsit.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Laskein Block Circle has demanded that the job cards of the employees will be deposited into their bank accounts as soon as possible according to the procedure. “We demand that the BDO should take action on the implementation of MGNREGA to ensure that all the salaries of the job card workers will be deposited into their bank accounts as soon as possible,” said Bah Dapmain Suchiang, President of MGNREGA. JSU-Lowering Block.
Guwahati: Deepika Nath, 16, has died of coronavirus at Barooah Cancer Institute Colony, Guwahati today.
Shillong, July 12: The State Government Fire Factory has launched 10 Meghapower Vans or vehicles to drive in case of any complaint of fire.
MePCL Executive Engineer Rajib Datta said that the power outage for two days is due to the cleaning of 20 MVA Power Transformer on the 132 KV Grid. Nongyndeng Sub Station.
“The national parties are trying to mislead the people of the state with false words,” he said.
The curfew will also be in parts of Municipal and Cantonment areas, Mawlai and Mawpat Block, including Mylliem Block from Umshyrpi Bridge to 7mer and Madanrting, Mawblei, Stand Jeep from District Council Point to Motphran and YMCA, Mawlong Market and then to Police Bazar including Quinton Road to Umsohsun Bridge.
The NCB is understood to ask the court to continue in its custody for further investigation into the allegation that she was involved in the purchase and distribution of drugs to Sushant Singh Rajput.
Hasn't this difference in population spread to the A'chik people for 50 years? Do you think that this pyrla will continue to spread like this, to the A'chik people, until the end of this world? Doesn't it mean that even after 50 years of journey? Isn't it right to review or to reconsider or to revise any State Policy, especially if it is not really a Policy? What if the State Job Reservation Policy is revised, based on the number of paid? What if the 80% is still maintained but the pyrla is revised by allocating 46% for the higher paid Hynniewtrep and 34% for the lower paid Achik? There is no doubt that the A'chik people will strongly oppose it in the belief that the loss of benefit from this will be for them as a nation.
Replying to a question whether the Sengbhalang is not against the railway but against the lack of proper procedures to curb the illegal entry of mynder, the Minister said that they are looking into this. The government is in talks with everyone to understand and find appropriate ways and means to bring in the railway and at the same time to curb the illegal entry of mynder.
“I said that this is the only 2024 MP election that we support the NPP. This should be the last time.
In the Presidential election, parties are not allowed to order or whip MPs or MLAs to vote for the candidate supported by the party, but are allowed to vote according to the feeling bit of them.
The Nepalis who live in the area, do not listen to the requests of the Khasi, in which they use force almost from time to time against the Khasi who live in the village and these Khasi do not dare to share or speak against ei ei ruh em.
The MPUF-EJHD has strongly opposed the government's decision to allow coal factories to import up to 30 trucks per day from Assam to one company only. 270 tonnes of coal from Assam have been transported to nine cement factories in East Jaintia Hills.
