The revival of this party is because the leaders see many problems in the War Jaintia area.
The State Government has recently decided to build its own Central Jail in New Shillong Township.
During the meeting, they did not discuss anything on the political situation in the state but only on the issue of strengthening the party.
I pray that God will bless you again in the future,” said the father with a spirit of hope.
Lead us FKS leaders and others involved, if they are reasonable and lawful, why don't we support them? However, I repeat that the Annexed Agreement has already been accepted and has been implemented.
He said that the demolition of these houses was done on the orders of the CEO of the Noida Authority, Ritu Maheshwari and such operations will continue in the coming days.
Speaking at a public meeting at Ramlila Maidan in Delhi, the Prime Minister said that the implementation of the NRC in the state is the order of the Supreme Court.
In the past 70 years, we have never seen this incident, where there is no money supply and no one is willing to help each other,” said Kumar.
The new office bearers of the TULBA Central Body for the year 2023-2026 have been appointed as President, Odicios Shullai as Vice President, Working President as Kyrshanlang Nongbri and Secretary as Banbhalang Mawiong. , Organizing Secretary Bah Richbemous Rani, Finance Secretary Bah Meshak Sungoh, Sports Secretary Bah Franky Nongrum, Social Secretary Bah Jershai Marbaniang, Public Secretary Bah Samuel Kurbah, Education Secretary Bah Shestar Kharbani and the two Co-ordinators Pastor Lamborne Kharbudon and Bah The splendor of Sawkmie.
“I have been around the state and now the people are turning to the Congress party, although many leaders have left the Congress party, but the workers are still in the Congress party and it is Only the Congress party has hope and in Delhi only the Congress party can fight against the BJP's plan to fight the BJP's ethnic war”.
He urged the youth to use their talents properly because these days sports is no longer just for fun but it has become a source of employment.
Hek said that if he gets time to meet, all the issues that can benefit the people, including the Inner Line Permit and the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act, will be raised. The MDA government will hold a meeting before the arrival of Union Minister Amit Shah in the state to discuss the issue to be discussed with him. Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 42 cases, including six in High Risk Contact, three in Langstiehrim Cluster, three in Nongkhlaw Cluster and four in Upper New Nongstoin Cluster.
The cost of transportation by trucks is high and that is why food items in this state are cheaper than in other states.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 17: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) of the South East Khasi Border Circle (FKJGP) has inspected the collapse of a road in Mawsynram and the death of a driver.
Dr Mawrie said that in Meghalaya to have more than 200 deaths is not something we should take stingy especially as it is already a small state.
“While the Meghalaya government is talking to Assam, Assam is still brave enough to cross the border and insult us,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
Because it cannot be said that in these days the violation of the rights of the people to land, inheritance, income and others has begun.
Kharkrang said what is needed is to see whether the party has a suitable candidate, and it would be nice if it had a woman candidate.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Batskhem congratulated the people who have given him the opportunity to serve the Mairang Constituency as an MDC in the past three and a half years. that he tried to be involved with the people at all times even for a short time.
“We have tried our best to conserve water because it is important to ensure the sustainability and restoration of the water sources,” he said.
At the same time, they said that those who earn a lot go to Nongstoiñ, but those who earn a little use it only to eat at home.
The Syiem Rangbah took off his jainspong, and prayed to God the Creator.
Furthermore, to select books and courses in line with the new Policy to achieve the goal.
He said that the Syntung Village Authority will work with the police to arrest those involved in the robbery.
A day or two before Christmas, all these things happened, especially in the city.
If they have documents, they should take them out and show them.
Similarly, the new IOA has been able to carry out its duties since 10th November 2022, but has not yet been able to re-appoint a person for the post. The Joint Secretary of the IOA and the Chief Executive Officer of the All India Football Federation (AIFF) Kalyan Chaubey has been relieved of his post as CEO. The 140th IOC General Assembly will be held at the Jio World Center on the 15th of April. 17th.
He said that the party itself is preparing to nominate only three or four candidates for the 2023 elections.
He said that due to the excessive corruption and misuse of power and money during the elections, it will destroy the country and the nation.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 59 new cases and 1152 active cases in the State.
The new society has been registered under the Meghalaya Societies Registration Act, 1983 at the office of the Joint Registrar of Societies in Jowai.
At the same time, Mawkyrwat has also requested for a Civil Sub-Division. When the Government looked into it, it decided to have only one Civil Sub-Division for the whole area.
The NPP-led government has not taken a decision in the House to demand that the Central Government should implement the ILP in Meghalaya. to demand from the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule.
This truth teaches us to understand that the power and authority we have is precious and we must not misuse it.
Umshangiar bowler Dauru Lato scored 50 runs from 42 balls and Emdor Sutnga took three wickets in four overs.
When asked whether there is any misuse of the money in which they have already received the money, but they have not built the ponds or without raising the fish, he said, “It is the duty. I would like to visit the Aqua Mission scheme to see if there are 8,000 ponds under construction. I will visit these ponds to take action. “There are 500 to 1000 people in those districts who have not received assistance from this Aqua Scheme,” he said.
On this occasion, 10 new units of the party were inaugurated in Thadlaskeiñ block and awards were distributed to the farmers who have worked hard and are doing well despite the pandemic. -19.
The Mawshynrut Block Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) of Mawshynrut Block. West Khasi Hills.
Besides these celebrations, the SSLC examination was also attended by 140 students who have passed well in the SSLC examination from 2020 to The SSLC examination from 2020 to 2022 has been awarded to the students who have passed the SSLC examination from 2020 to
After leaving Wah Umkhen, they went to Umpling Village and met with the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong nearby from Lapalang, Nongrah and Umpling and asked about the garbage collection in the village. payment by households to the village for garbage collection.
Of these, 1,291 are in Chennai.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, MS Lhuid as the chief guest along with heads of various government departments witnessed the opening ceremony of the Moopun Eco Park at Mutong.
In fact, it is the excise officials who will come and not the police.
Other speakers at the meeting included the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Chief of the Hima, Pa'iem KM Syiemlieh and Fishery Officer of Eastern West Khasi Hills District. , and Cong J.L. Nonglight.
When we walk in urban areas, especially in garbage dumps, we cover our heads because of the terrible smell that comes from the garbage dumps.
Not only that, even Motphran, which used to be full of vehicles and passengers, has been crowded today.
The HNLC, which has been illegally recognized as a rebel group, has released the youth since the 15th of this month.
Adilbert Nongrum, Working President of KHNAM, who is also the MDC of Jaiaw, has strongly criticized Dr. Mukul Sangma's remarks while speaking at a meeting of political parties at the Secretariat to ask for clarification. Furthermore, while the UDP, NPP, KHNAM, GNC and HSPDP are still insisting that the ILP should be implemented, suddenly a difference of opinion has emerged between the UDP, NPP, KHNAM, GNC and HSPDP. HSPDP Fenela L Nonglait, one of the leaders of the party, said that instead of supporting the party's plan to force the government to implement the ILP, it is necessary to continue. Fenela's speech was in conflict with the HSPDP's intention to implement the decision of the HLC led by Bah Bindo M Lanong. ILP'.
These are the people who wait for people to enter and leave the bank and after seeing that people are withdrawing money from the bank they watch them and after that one of them will throw his hands to defile them. the man while another would pretend to help and his friend would steal the money bag and run away.
According to the NPP, it has 1.31 lakh tyngka as of October
Speaking on the constituency, he said, “Most of them are still low income families and for that reason we should not pay 5 or 10 thousand, even in the midst of 5 years of protests. CAB, CAA, ILP and COVID-1
New Delhi: The continued ban on the internet in Manipur, a state where ethnic conflict has broken out, has prompted some to take the matter to the Supreme Court against the government. Internet ban in Manipur.
The deceased were identified as Santosh Sharma (24), Lal Babu Sharma (35), Mahindar Sharma (40), Kamlesh Kumar Sharma (19), Nagnazar Sharma (19). 45 years old), Sobita Kuri (65 years old), Rajesh Kuri (32 years old) and Puja Kuri (22 years old).
He said that Meghalaya will get its share of the project after its implementation.
Hundreds of students were seen carrying placards with the slogan “Government has money to hold festivals why doesn't it have money for education”. “Many students have to rely on government scholarships, why has it been delayed until now?” “We demand the provision of modern facilities,” said the Students of this school in Mawlai.
“If the people in the city reject the Tenancy Bill, the villagers should follow this example,” he said. He added that most of the villagers say that there are no Dkhars in the villages. “It means that the villagers have disappeared,” he said.
Nongpoh, November 02: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District today held a special meeting with 10 demands before the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh. These issues that the Union has put before the Minister of Health and Family Welfare include the implementation of the Maternity and Child Health Hospital at Umran Parila, to implement the Minor Operation Theater at Bhoirymbong CHC, to set up a treatment and training center for youth addicted to alcohol, to upgrade the health centers in the district and other other.
He said that the union has already met with the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and MUDA but they have not been able to explain the new buildings in Mawlong Market.
The demand for the Bill came after the KHADC decided to abolish Laitkroh and create a new Umsning constituency.
The release ceremony for this tournament will be on the 12th.
Both the drug dealers were arrested and charged under the NDPS Act and a case was registered at Khliehriat Police Station.
The Police Commissioner has been directed to send a report on the incident, the source said.
Conrad said the government has been in constant talks with those companies to which Meghalaya has supplied electricity and this reduction in power outages is after successful talks and the creation of mechanisms. to receive about 40MW through Letter of Credit (LC).
They said that the 48th meeting of the Executive Council held on 15th June, had decided that HASA should hold a meeting of the Academic Council, but the Vice Chancellor had misled him by informing the HASA. The Ministry of Human Resources (MHRD) has rejected the decision of the Executive Council to accept the order of the Presidential Visitor to abolish the HASA. law.
“All those estimators of the victory of the parties in the elections have estimated that the VPP will win between 0 to 1 but it has won up to four MLAs which has shocked everyone and this is the answer of u God bless our prayers," he said.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Education, Ma Lakmen Rymbui, today said that for three months now, they have been in talks with the Ministry of Education of the Government of Meghalaya to release the salaries of SSA teachers. The Director of Education is still waiting for a reply from the state government on this issue as even the first installment has not been released by the central government.
Gajanan Kharat, a geologist, believes that this is due to the abundance of salt in the pond, where the water has decreased significantly and then the temperature has risen. this bag.
The delegation of power will bring peace and trust between those in government and the people.
The crowd slowly blew up in the middle of the night, shouting the holy words, shouting, and followed the lali.
In fact, they should have stopped the vehicles that came here.
Speaking to reporters, Saleng strongly criticized Dr. Mukul Sangma by saying that it was he (Dr. Mukul) who expelled him from the Congress.
Professor Chetan Singh Solanki, of IIT, Bombay, said that there will be a reduction of up to 1,25,000 kilograms of carbon on the first day through the cleaning of clothes. wife to her clothes.
Many of these incidents have happened due to the lack of attention of the officers appointed by the government to arrest, manage and communicate with the public (public dealings) such as with the traders, vendors. buyers and sellers of all kinds of goods.
The CEM of KHADC said that the debate on these two Bills will be held on Monday.
She hopes that the Meghalaya Games will be an inspiration to the youth to develop the spirit of competition and also to bring about the development of sports in all aspects.
He said that at present, the Principal is Dr.B Khashiing, who is in charge.
NPP President Conrad Sangma has strongly condemned the shooting of Tirong Aboh MLA and demanded that Home Minister Rajnath Singh and the Prime Minister's Office take strong action. to those who are involved in this crime.
On the 11th of June, a Karbi mob attacked the vehicle of the SP of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Chemphang Syrti after one Karbi was injured.
He said that during the inspection by Prestone Tynsong, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC Ranikor Constituency and PWD officials ( Roads) have acknowledged that the construction of this road does not fall under the two lane which has already been constructed in the earlier parts.
And all this we have to ask carefully.
According to the police, one of the NGOs for the children was with the children.
Nongpoh, Naitung 03: The District Sports Officer Ri-Bhoi District has resumed the Grassroot Football Training program for children aged 6-12 years. men and women in different parts of Ri-Bhoi District with the aim of showcasing and recognizing the talents of the youth in the field of football.
Jowai, July 23: A 5-year-old girl has escaped from the tyrsim of a robber who tried to rape her on the 18th of this month at Mulang, Nangbah, West Jaintia Hills. .
After that, the King of the Bakhraw went to Tyngkong to sacrifice the Suidnia Longsyiem Pig.
The winner will have the opportunity to represent the district in the State level Subroto Cup to be held soon in the city.
The Sein Raij Tuber and its Behdeinkhlam festival is the largest in Jaintia Hills compared to other Behdeinkhlam festivals organized by other Sein Raijs.
Similarly, the construction of national highways is the responsibility of the Central Government.
Asuk Ryngkhlem, has been missing from his home in Iawmusiang Jowai since 28th June at about 7 pm.
“On this basis, we stand to support Star Cement on its intention to mine coal from the land which it has bought from the residents,” said the Secretary of the union, W.Thubru.
The construction of markets is a source of income for the government if the government uses its own methods to generate income.
He said that the two parties have received a letter from the Deputy Commissioner of the state Sanjay Goyal who has invited them to meet again on Tuesday.
Stand firm on the basis of 80% share of Indigenous Scheduled Tribes of Meghalaya in all jobs and education – based on merit – teach all ethnic groups to work hard in education and not just Please follow the Reservation Policy.
The Returning Officer of West Jaintia Hills, Arun Kumar Kembhavi, has congratulated the people of the constituency and all the election officials from the Presiding Officer, Polling Officer and Police who have worked hard to conduct this election. which succeeds without any interference.
I believe that our country and nation needs a change in the way we elect leaders.
He said that according to the information of the students, the NEHU administration has sent another inquiry by rejecting the report of the Women's Cell, and this shows clearly that it intends to delay the release. to this thing.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jambor congratulated the Mawsor Kur which has found its thymmei from the first ancestor of the Mawsor Kur.
This action of the students was not in vain, but it was a task in the years that followed.
The HNLC's approach will encourage the youth to think hundreds and thousands of times before fleeing to the forest and carrying guns when they meet. They said that the path of dialogue will not lead anywhere if the youth carry guns.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong RV Suchiang expressed her appreciation for the performance of the players. “All those who took part in this tournament are champions,” said Kong RV Suchiang.
You have entered your screening test address.
Shillong: There have been 650 new cases of coronavirus in Shillong today.
I am now here for the people and the people themselves will trust and vote for me," he said.
Besides, the Governor said that the state government has worked hard to separate the Judiciary and Executive in the remaining four districts including South Garo Hills, South Garo Hills and South Garo Hills. West Garo Hills, North Garo Hills, South West Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills.
The President of the Meghalaya Lower Primary School Teachers Association (MGLPCTA) Babu Birbor Riangtem on Tuesday slammed the Symbud Myntri Rangbah by admitting that what he said is wrong.
“In the past few days, we have seen that AICC President Sonia Gandhi has admitted that the division within the party is the main reason for the decline of the Congress party,” he said.
Kyrshan said that the construction of the house for Kong Rit Dkhar is part of helping other people in need.
The winners of the 2nd Maitshaphrang Inter School Sports & Athletic Meet 2023 include Umthlong Nongthliew Govt Secondary School which won the title, Pyrda Secondary School which came second and Seng Khasi Secondary School which won the title. third place.
The issuance of 2,000 notes was issued by the Narendra Modi government after the withdrawal of 500, 1,000 notes on 8th November 2016 and these notes are available in the market for 86 percent. , at the time of disposal of these funds.
Anyone outside Panaliar Village is prohibited from attending the Public Meeting except 12 persons accompanying the Candidate.
He said he still has a strong hope of winning because he stands firm on his own ground.
Nongpoh, Nailur 30: The murder of a young woman from Iewmawlong village by a foreigner has affected the minds of the people of Nongpoh and even in Ri Bhoi. This incident has affected the society and the foreigner has lost her life due to the bloodshed of the foreigner. you are young.
This knowledge of medicine has been passed down from generation to generation by those who know this method of treatment.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Mizoram 1-0 in the North East Zone Championship on Saturday at Imphal.
“What happened in Mukroh is not because of any ethnic discrimination but because of the government,” he said.
The Dorbar Shnongs or Dorbar Raijs or Dorbar Himas shall ensure that there are village laws or raij lands in each Hima and Shnong.
Rowel said he has no doubt that he will get the ticket in 2018 as he is still the current MLA of the party.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, Shillong, has expressed its deep sorrow over the inadequate operation of the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Umkiang Branch.
Meanwhile, the Chief Guest, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, MLA and MDC of Nongstoin, expressed his satisfaction to see that another college will be located in Nongstoin, as Nongstoin has only two colleges. colleges.
Furthermore, the students of the school also took part in a song and dance to celebrate the 25th Anniversary of the school.
Therefore, can we still say that we are still the owners of our own country, while our jobs, income and especially our Kurs and Jaits have been taken over by the Mynder Ri?
According to the KSU, the Forest Department had allocated land to Hindus to build a temple at Mahadev Khola in 1923 and the land was allocated for religious purposes and not for invasion. .
Meanwhile, the group of Bah Sniawbhalang, Bah Prestone, Bah Rowel and Bah Ngaitlang has been able to contest from the NPP while Bah Bah Pyshngain has been able to contest from the new party PDF. Alphonse Kananthanam, Minister of State for Home Affairs, today, told reporters that there are Christians who have been shot and burnt, churches or mosques have been destroyed.
The people of Garo Hills should be wise and don't believe what they promise and say at this time of election. that ye may understand all things better.
Speaking on the occasion, Reverend L Simon said that the church has a special responsibility in relation to the measures taken to curb the illegal cultivation of poppy in in the northern part of the state of Manipur.
“We are responsible leaders, and it is not good to bring anything that could disrupt unity and peace,” he said.
However, the testing of cows by doctors from the Veterinary Department has been slow since the 1990s until today.
How can our Khasi or Hynniewtrep people escape from the decline and extinction? How can our people escape or be saved from God? the Holy One of God.
Nongpoh, March 31: The District Sports Officer of Ri Bhoi District together with the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District today organized the National Unity Day Run the National Unity Day.
Muchai: In this step, the Langdoh Ri Blai, the head of the world, took the Pyrnah and put it in the hands of the chief to prepare the Tyngkong.
He said that out of these six poor households, there are also households which are abandoned households and there are also households which live by earning in the morning and eating at night.
At that time, the Head Master of the school was Rev. JC Evans.
Shillong, June 10 : The management of Shillong Lajong, which is currently playing in the Second Division League, has invited the fans to support the team in their home match on the 14th of this month. .
I am not saying here that they are inciting Israel, although in America there are Christian extremist groups who encourage presidents to support Israel to attack the Palestinians.
He said that the Seng demands that the government should provide quarters only to these 195 households who are employees of the State Government, while to the 148 households who are not employees. The government should act strictly in accordance with the rules of law and enforce them.
Hek said the prime minister will have to be tested again after five days and will have to comply with the protocol of the health department.
For our part, we have been satisfied with the supplementary demand for their pension expenses,” he said.
Nongpoh: Several elders and women from several villages under the Raid Marwet, yesterday went to meet with Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, for the purpose of to inform him that he should take action on the appointment of Rangbah Shnong Pyllun in the 4 areas under the Raid Marwet.
Shillong, March 23 : Classes for the first MBBS doctoral students at PA Sangma International Medical College and Hospital will start from April 2025, said the Chancellor of the University of Science and Technology (USTM). ERD Foundation today.
The North East Students' Organization (NESO) which includes the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), All Assam Students' Union (AASU), Naga Students' Federation (NSF), Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP), Twipra Students' Federation ( TSF, All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU), Garo Students' Union (GSU) and All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) – eight political parties in seven states of the North East want to remind the residents of the region that on November 11, 2019, despite the strong opposition from the indigenous people of the region, the Government of India has not passed the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill and finally through the Rajya Sabha passed the Citizenship (Amendment) Act,
Besides her contribution to the songs, she has also been a participant in the weekly meetings held at the Seng Khasi since 1912 on many topics of Khasi culture and others. others.
He also expressed his concern as the Seng feels about the killing of fish in the river which will eventually lead to the extinction of the living things in this river.
Ale noh I've finished shet lut.
The Congress has nominated 29 candidates in all 29 constituencies while the NPP has nominated only 26 candidates, the UDP 14 candidates and the BJP 6 candidates and other parties. .
“This figure was provided by the Ministry of Education of the Government of Meghalaya and therefore the Government of Meghalaya especially the Ministry of Education has decided to take action on this. and to investigate the root causes of this and what has led to the low enrollment of children in Lower Primary and Upper Primary schools.
“I hope that once this money arrives, we will be able to pay the remaining four months salary to the SSA teachers,” said Bah Rymbui.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has sent its condolences on the passing away of DN Joshi, former MLA of the MPCC, who was a member of the House for seven terms since
The meeting of the Chief Executive Members held today at their office in Demthring informed all the Rangbah, youth men and women from the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Raid to Dorbar Hima to be ready. to appear on a special day to be called to speak on the Rights of the Nation before India.
The Forum asked, 'When they plant their own trees on their own land, why should they cut down and move again? If we cut down these trees, it shows that we are planting them in the place of others,” said the union.
“As time goes by, we have understood the BJP's position especially in relation to the CAB and we will completely break the relationship,” said the Vice President of the UDP. “Although Ardent M Basaiawmoit has said that he has not yet joined the Congress, when a person has joined the Congress, we can still campaign for the elections against the indigenous parties. say something else".
“Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh are some of the states.
Titostarwell Chyne said that a special session will be convened on this issue and next month they will convene a session, as they want to expedite this issue.
However, instead of understanding and changing his mind, he shouted and said that she was a foolish person to release the flesh that was kept at home and his speeches in church were only fulfillments and he spoke from her. for others not for themselves.
The Maram speak Maram, the Sohra speak Sohra, the Pnar speak the Pnar language.
Through this, I have joined the power of the country and the general power of the responsibility of the people of the country.
Shillong: There have been 17 new cases of corona virus in Meghalaya as of 10 am today.
However, these Jugali could not reach the MeECL gate as it was blocked by the police and they stayed farther away.
If we have studied and established well, this applies to Christians.
JOWAI: The Tep Kyndait Government School, Tuber Kmaichnong together with the Dorbar Shnong Tuber Kmaichnong on Friday celebrated the World Environment Day (WED).
In Mawroh, the Women's Wing has been dissolved with the resignation of its leaders including Banri Mawlong President, H.Pyrtuh Secretary, B Mawlong Organization Secretary, Baniah Pyrtuh Publicity Secretary, members T Nonglait, Sabita Swer and AB. Priest.
Another child who died was from Panitola Byrnihat Village, when a tree fell on an Auto Rickshaw which was passing on the road.
He said global climate change is causing more and more droughts and problems because water sources are being affected.
Prakash Javadekar, Minister of State for Home Affairs, today announced that he has tested positive for the corona virus.
These SWAT personnel, who numbered about 100, have arrived in Shillong and are now busy conducting raids around Shillong and East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong: The collapse of the Umiam Dam has been a tragedy for the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) and the government, which has to turn off the electricity for nearly 10 hours a day.
There is no one to address this issue especially from the government department in charge of this issue.
The Cluster Coordinator of these Clusters, Mr. Firmly Stand Khonglah, welcomed the participants.
Although there were attempts to write Khasi in Bengali characters by those who had been involved before him, Thomas Jones resumed this work by starting to write in Khasi. in Roman characters and only the following year, in 1842, he published the first Khasi book in Roman characters entitled “The First Book of Roman Characters”.
Father Sngi was well known for his teaching of religious education, and for his great contribution to the society of Khasi and Jaintia.
While he was walking on the road, he felt that there was no world and when he reached Thangkharang he covered his body and slept lyngkrang on the hillside. It became stronger and he ran east and west until he reached Mawthawtieng and died.
Meanwhile, HK Singh SS (West Jaintia Hills) and Monfort Hr SS (North Garo Hills) played without a goal.
The five-day Budget Session of the State Legislative Assembly will start on the 16th of this month and end on the 27th of this month.
Police said the perpetrators were suspected members of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) protests in the state.
He alleges that earlier, the same MSPCB had rejected the application of three out of the five coke factories on the grounds that the location was not suitable.
The Dorbar Shnong held on the 6th of this month has decided to oppose the demand of the Chief Minister of Assam, Sarbananda Sonowal to set up a police outpost in Khanduli.
New Delhi: The celebration of Durga Puja has ended and Diwali is approaching, but the production of vehicles has decreased slightly in these days and it is reported that in November 2019, many The car companies have increased the production of cars because they have seen that the demand for cars during these festivals is not high.
The song was sung by Ram Suchiang and composed by Donbok Marngar.
Government officials including Sywel Lyngdoh District Project Manager MBDA West Jaintia Hills, M Lamare Assistant District Agriculture Officer and Bah C Najiar explained the assistance to the farmers and how to improve their agriculture. agriculture and other farmer-related activities.
After they leave, I go out to seek help from neighboring villages," the truck driver said.
IGP (operations) GHP Raju said that although the family members did not lodge an FIR, the police received information from the public about the whereabouts of Manoranjan.
The Court should consider whether this Act to ban non-Government teachers (Govt.
The President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang, said that the recognition of the Khasi-Jaintia people is in the name of the state. according to the name of the state.
The earthquake was also one of the worst in the world, after the massive earthquakes in Turkey and Syria, which killed more than 50,000 people in June this year.
Shillong, July 14: The President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Basawïawmoit, on Tuesday said that the VPP's journey in the past 10 years since its inception has faced many challenges. He said that it is the guidance of God and his support that has enabled the party to continue until now.
Your leaders.
PC to prevent illegal activities along the Myntdu River and its tributaries.
Police have arrested Robinson Hmar, 19, of Bawngkawn Aizawl and Letminlen Doungel, 30, of Tuibong.
In the 10 kilometer category for women 40-44 years old, Bandana Baruah won first place, followed by Benita Nongrum in second place and Basanti Sonar won second place.
The Congress MLAs have already taken part in the election of the leader and the chairman from Delhi has taken the ballot box to Delhi for inspection.
The leaders and members of the union urged the people not to buy Lyer or Gas illegally from LPG vehicles as this poses a threat to human life.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Shillong Lajong will play their away match against Neroca FC in the I-League at the SSA Stadium, Shillong today at 2 pm.
“MeECL should appoint by sending appointment letters to all the 772 candidates who passed the Jugali within 13 days and if it does not, we will hold a strong protest against the Jugali,” he said. Speaking to reporters, KHNAM Youth Wing Chairman Thomas Passah said:
On Tuesday, health workers visited Umpha village on the border with Assam to explain to the villagers how to prevent malaria.
The court also strongly suspended the SP of East Jaintia Hills and summoned him to appear before him to explain why he cannot be punished for violating the order of the court. to curb the smuggling of coal in East Jaintia Hills including the smuggling of coal.
In a statement, Danny Rynjah Secretary of the All Meghalaya Dancers' Association (AMDA) appealed to the public to support these four candidates by calling them on these phone numbers and voting. will be closed until the 25th of this month.
The organizations want to convey that the discussions and meetings have been clear and fair and orderly and they hope that this project which includes the work from cleaning the plastic bag, to improving the viewpoints, The project will be run smoothly for the benefit of the players and the residents as a whole.
From what we have seen, the opening of the market in Motphran, Mawlong, Paltan Bazaar, which are located near the market, has shown that the State Government does not care, even if it is closed. The Iewduh has been completely closed and now they are moving forward to improve their village markets, as they have done in Upper Shillong, Lad Smit, Mawiong and other suburbs of the city.
On this basis, I also take the courage to write and explain the above-mentioned fact that the name India means Bharat according to the Constitution (India, that is Bharat).
He said that the people of Assam are Indians and the people of Meghalaya are also Indians so creating conflict among Indians is not good.
The NCP has split after Ajit Pawar strongly opposed his son.
According to sources, the incident happened when a Maruti Alto private vehicle (ML05 K 7762) was on its way to Nongstoiñ. She collided with a local taxi number ML067670 which was heading to Umsaw through this road.
He said that during the meeting, the CEO informed that although this part of the area falls under the SCB, the authorities in charge of this area are the army. I have an office in Guwahati.
“In response to the government's failure to provide assistance, the two Executive Committees of the Dorbar Shnongs, Syad Heh and Syad Rit, have held a small fete to raise funds to assist in the improvement of the area. This school building, with the contribution of others.
He urged the youth to enter politics with the hope that the youth will be able to bring about a clean and transparent governance. At the same time, Bah Soni Bareh asked for their support. The people of 6-Khliehriat Constituency to allow him to reach the goal of being able to pass a law to protect the jaitbynriew.
We must understand that in India and in this state, many are poor who have to struggle for income and food.
Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie, accompanied by Wanseng Jyrwa, Rangbah Shnong Shemphang Wahlang, Village Authority and the people who came out in order to witness the ceremony. to watch football matches.
It is learned that the government may also declare another district in Garo Hills along with Sohra.
The decisions were not changed but went according to the signature of the MLA in the report of the Observers of the Election Committee.
The court today dismissed the petition filed by the mother of Bah Pearlystone, Kong Dorothy Marbaniang, who passed away.
“We have allowed the UDP to lead now we should be allowed, and the reason for accepting us as leader is because we came with a spirit of responsibility and not misleading anywhere. as they have expressed and we will get the support of the people".
On the other hand, the association expresses its gratitude and congratulations to the athletes who have won medals despite the lack of physical fitness but they have been able to bring fame and glory to the state as a whole.
In this regard, it appears that the teachers want the government to have a sense of urgency to implement the Old Pension Scheme. .
It was also warned that those who attempt to steal will be prosecuted as criminals under the provisions of the law.
The Hindu group is led by the Kutumba Surakshy Parishad.
Vehicles from Pomlakrai to Mawryngkneng will pass through the Shillong Bye-Pass.
Similarly, Simranjeet Kaur, Avneet Kaur and Ankita Bhakat, who finished fourth in the team selection, did not perform well until they were eliminated. you have changed the first battle; Indonesia were defeated 1-5 (54-57, 57-57, 50-5) by the weakest and lowest ranked opponent in the tournament, Indonesia. 52) success.
At the same time, he also spoke on the cleanliness of the rivers and appealed to the people from different villages to take responsibility for themselves. clean morning don't rely on one or two people to collect garbage or plastic, bottles from Phot-sohkrot to Wah-sala, because if everyone has responsibility there will be no shortage but With the cooperation of the people, a clean environment can be brought about.
The teacher was identified as Wikiru Shylla of Wahiajer village.
Dr. Sangma said the decision of the people and political parties to hold protests when they demand any of their demands is not a good way and can satisfy them. It is not a good path for them to take,” he said.
It happened that in the same class there was another child who had the same name and the name of this child who wanted to kill these two.
In these days, there has been a lot of controversy especially on social media regarding the Meghalaya government's decision to go to the Supreme Court to fight once again against the ban on teachers from participating in politics.
We feel that our body has become cold and unpleasant.
“Although the world sees that they have disabilities, the mother doesn't care because she has her own special love,” said Renik.
However, earnings from SCA-B started to decline after these two were dropped; Trinayan was run out while Manthan was bowled by Benedict J Makdoh (3/36).
Meanwhile, it was said that Canada has provided protection to these insurgents although they are its citizens but has not considered the threat that these insurgents pose to neighboring countries and even those countries that provide protection. protecting them as well.
Demi Dkhar took three wickets in seven overs and Heimon Dkhar took two wickets in 1.2 balls.
The electronics have low voltage, they don't use electricity, they don't use electricity.
This village has produced 2 religious Sisters.
I have been waiting for 51 years, how long will I have to wait for the same thing? We hope that those suggestions will not end up in the government's offices at the Secretariat.
SP Balasubrahmanyam is one of the most famous singers in Indian films and has sung 40,000 songs and won the Guinness World Record.
Shillong, July 27: The CSWO under the leadership of Agnes Kharshiing, President on Tuesday inspected the roads in Jaintia Hills. snow without too much.
The close connectivity between Dibrugarh, the capital of India, the capital of Meghalaya, will greatly facilitate traffic in the region.
Shitlang urged all his supporters from 5 Sutnga-Saipung not to listen to such rumors, which want to tarnish the image of his leadership, but if anyone those who want to know the truth can ask him directly.
“This decision of us as employees within the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, was based on the fact that as fellow human beings to provide adequate services to the people especially those who are sick and send for treatment. “Even though they have not received their salaries, they will continue to serve and sacrifice themselves for their welfare and needs,” said the leaders of the workers. .
In 1966, there was a shooting by the Assam police near Anjalee in Ïewduh (Jadoh and Soh) and I was near the Khasi elders who were shot and shed blood.
As part of the investigation into the incident, ADGP Mukesh Singh told reporters that the shooting continues.
The district authorities are ready to demolish tomorrow, as since yesterday they have provided the necessary dynamite bombs, as the factories in East Jaintia Hills are more There are no factories in Shallang.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Lokayukta bill tabled by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA VPP from North Shillong, was rejected for the second time in the State Legislative Assembly on Friday.
Who are these and where do they lead? Now there are leaders from our Khasi country of the RSS, which even many Indians know what the RSS is and its activities and purposes.
The MDA government has said that these three officers of the Lokayukta have been removed as they are retired from government service.
“Therefore, we urge the state government that if it can send to Switzerland for fisheries, why not send from Meghalaya to Andhra Pradesh for research on fish farming,” he added. .
All these families are people who have not earned a good living.
Heavy commodities, such as food and forest products, will be charged at 70 paise per quintal and others such as wood products will be charged at 1.75 per quintal per kilometre.
Because the duty of the government is to bring about development in the whole state.
The hearing could not be completed in relation to the other decisions appealed against, but it will be postponed to another hearing, which will be held soon on the 1st of July, 2014 and If no decision can be taken at the hearing, the case will continue until the new year.
Nongstoiñ: Nongkhlaw village, which is only 17 km from Mairang, is one of the most famous villages in the country because it is also the village that produced the hero of the country, Tirot Singh. King of the Forest; However, in terms of development, the village is still lagging behind in many areas.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today issued rules for drivers and followers who bring goods into the state from Assam or other states of India. .
He had the clear recognition that his race living in America would be free from the bondage of the White American People.
Nongpoh: Police of Byrnihat Police Outpost, at 6 pm this morning, seized 90 byrni of kwai supari from two Night Super buses, which were heading to Guwahati.
In Jaintia Hills and Lumshnong factories, from 6 am to 9 pm, in Lumshnong and Khasi Hills, from 11 am to 2 pm, in Lumshnong and Garo Hills, from 1 pm. to 3 pm and then at Byrnihat & Lumshnong Factories and Shillong, from 3 pm to 5 pm and then at Byrnihat Factories, from 5 pm to 12 noon.
“This 40% remaining amount is about T.197.83 crore for 2022-2023 and the total purchase price for 2022-23 has reached T.486 crore,” he said. you are the source of news.
Shillong, June 30: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) on Saturday questioned the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on the lack of respect for the people of the state.
Great attention should be paid to turning to research from the laboratory and implementing the same in the fields.
Plant pests are often helped to reduce their growth by various species of birds that eat them, but these too have migrated due to their lack of forests that are their habitat.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Auguster Jyrwa on Tuesday said that schools charge tuition fees at their discretion due to the government's lack of willingness to address this.
Shillong: The State Government on Tuesday approved an amendment to the Office Memorandum (OM) for the year 2022, to allow the recruitment process to start in various government agencies.
It is better to leave the outer branches of the tree, so that the tree will grow well and cover the branches inside it, and the outer branches will grow along with those in the middle.
This abuse of the environment has prompted scientists to consider doing something for its protection.
From time to time Matt and Jimmy have shown that they do not like each other and for this reason it is difficult for them to end the conflict between them.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi congratulated Harivansh on his victory and said that Harivansh is a well educated man who has written many valuable works.
According to the announcement, the government has said that it will introduce the Meghalaya Regulation of Landlords and Verification of Tenants Bill, 2013 in the Legislative Assembly for approval of the rules and regulations.
The Kur Dkhar Circle, East Jaintia Hills District, has set up a Narpuh Border Area Circle at Pyrtakuna on 20th July.
“However, for more than five months now, no sign has been seen of the NHAI starting the construction of this road,” said the president of the Seng. on the refusal to fulfill one's duty.
"The mother agreed. "We'll investigate carefully... We'll take Bakha and if she works, we'll bring her here..." said the eldest son.
On this occasion, the Congress supporters also received speeches from the party leaders and also from Bah Carnes as the candidate to explain to the people the basis of many issues. They are committed to discuss and shape the rule of law within the district of the state and in India as a whole.
Who uses this power ? They are the electricity suppliers of Meghalaya.
Before the first half, Bengal scored from the penalty spot to make it 2-1
They also visited Patliputra Sports Complex, Kankerbagh, Patna, Bihar from 10th to 12th November, 2022 under the leadership of Plesanly Synnah, Athletic Coach.
We are not surprised because his closeness to the BJP and its top leaders has been revealed many times.
Further delay will cause more problems to the overage of these applicants in the future,” said the Seng.
However, on the other hand, the state government has decided to request an additional T.46 crore to extend the GSWSS Phase III scheme to New Shillong Township (NST).
Speaking to media after the celebration of the International Day of Indigenous Peoples at NEHU, Chetia said the uniqueness of the North East needs to be protected from the authorities. or outside.
“Now the law that the United Kingdom intends to pass is what the Meghalaya government has already passed,” he said.
The drugs were hidden inside the chassis of a Mahindra Bolero coming from Manipur and Ladrymbai Police on receiving a tip have seized the drugs from the village. Theft.
“Do you need to block the internet?
Fairlyson Thyrniang, 23, of Nongnah, South West Khasi Hills District, was also taken to Mawkyrwat CHC for treatment while the driver was taken to Mawkyrwat CHC for treatment. to Shillong for better treatment.
Besides demanding full salary, the group of ASHAs also demanded that the government should give them leave during their pregnancy, provide them with free treatment through the ESI scheme, the pension will not be able to work anymore and others.
In the men's category, Tlanding Wahlang came first while Ranbokstar Wanniang came fourth.
Zion Secondary School and Persara Secondary School.
Pastor Skhemlon also spoke about the relationship between his area and Bangladesh at that time, when he was a child. and they came to Shiloh, and we were like brethren.
He urged the state government to implement the MRSSA of 2016 after it has been passed as a means of preventing the illegal entry of foreigners until the Government of India passes the ILP. The drivers of commercial vehicles from Laitumkhrah to Polo have expressed their concern about the one way road from Polo to Saw Furlong.
Due to the heavy rainfall, the roof of PHC Barato has collapsed and there has been a slight damage to the roads.
Ezekiel 37:3-7.
Erwin K Syiem Sutnga said that this hard work of Bah Shylla will unite the Khasi Pnar people.
The final was also attended by Bah Cliff Nongrum, Vice President of MFA, former office bearers of PDSA, Syiem Khynnah of Nongkhlaw Hima and others.
The meeting was convened by the KSU, FKJGP, CSWO, AJYWO, HNYF, RBYF and others to explain to the public on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
Like the Nala and the large Kharai on the outskirts of the village – which still exist today – because of the presence of these Kharai.
The event was enriched by the dancing of Wahiajer, Ummulong, songs from Mynsngat and the residents of Namdong-Khanduli market.
Earlier, the match between Chiehruphi SYWSC and Rymbai Synrang Shahkhain ended 1-1
The number of cases of coronavirus in Dharavi, Mumbai, Asia's largest homeless shelter, has risen to There are 15 cases and the death toll has risen to
According to Ampareen, the newly hired company will have a new management system in which there will be a test for the skills of the employees and they will have to update their knowledge by going for further training.
This policy paves the way for the use of such lands for development and establishment of coal and electricity related assets.
“While the construction of the first phase is in progress, I also want the second phase of the construction including the construction of staff quarters, government ministers' quarters, Lamphang's residence, MLA hostels. , hospital, and school should have started and not waited until the first phase is completed,” he said.
In another development, Israeli troops reportedly captured a Hamas camp in the Gaza Strip and this was confirmed by photographing the militants' largest camp. How much.
The number of recoveries has risen to 7 lakh, while 3,90,459 people are still undergoing treatment and 27,497 people have died.
It may be recalled that Officer CP Marak has retired on 31st November 2019 as Head of PCCF & HoF and also as Chairman of MSPCB. to replace CP Marak as Chairman of MSPCB.
Shillong: Within two months, police have seized fines of more than T.11 lakh from vehicles which violate the Motor Vehicles Act.
"Furthermore, the MLA strongly condemns the incident which happened last month in Laitumkhrah which led to the robbery of a vehicle as well as the incident which happened at the residence of the Minister of State, Dr.M.Ampareen Lyngdoh in night Tuesday.
However, in the midst of all this, those crimes seem to be increasing over time with the increase in drug users and traffickers.
On the other hand, they strongly criticized the NPP-led MDA government with Conrad K. Sangma as Prime Minister and James Sangma, Minister in charge of Electricity. , to resign peacefully if they feel that they can no longer run the affairs of the state.
Robert died at Nazareth Hospital after a short illness.
Pastor Sohkhlet said that Pastor Basaiawmoit is still informing the Synod before the filing of nominations for the MP election.
He also said to the choir singers of Balang Lumshnong that if he passes away that the Lord will call him shalade, they would be pleased to sing this song on the day of his death and to wear spirit with white hats.
He decided that one day he would ask his brother again.
The unfounded people who like to listen even to such stories are the stories of their own families.
Earlier, Shibun had alleged that other political parties, especially those in power, are buying money from the people and other tricks to make the BJP anti-Christian as a propaganda. The party has not yet explained the Good Governance Day and another is the party's claim that the BJP is in NEDA and it is useless to elect it. only.
The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament has reached the quarter final and the matches are scheduled to be played on the 9th and 10th of July.
We don't know the days to come, but Faleiro's group seems to be getting worse and worse and seems to be extinct in the north of India. They began to forcefully strengthen their own positions on the basis of anti-religion, anti-beef, anti-CAB, anti-NRC and anti-minority communities in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
The letter was signed by the President of the party, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
There was also a clash between the Khasi and foreigners and it was here that the police of Sohra Police Station came to fight to end the clash.
One of the issues that the Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-War Mihngi have praised the OC of Pynursla for his ability to curb the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
Kong Sna markets Sohmarit and Stone Flower, a variety whose fragrance surpasses that of other Indian varieties.
He said some of the projects include the construction of the Shyllong Market in Laitumkhrah, the Polo Market, the road from the smart city project and others.
The Garo 40 p.
Speaking at a public hearing on the party's principles at Lyngkyrdem village in Pynursla Constituency, Bah Ardent said that if other state governments in the Lam Mih area are willing to show their strength, There are those who shake hands and stir up their flesh and blood, the reason is because they have appointed leaders who are strong and not stupid.
Meanwhile, Banialam scored 15 not out and hit a six and a four in the last ball which gave Ri Bhoi the victory.
For more information, please call Ph-7
He said that they are sad that the government has not issued this resolution even after many months of contesting the examination.
So that there will be no discrimination in the rule of law.
At the same time, she said that she is not satisfied with the government's appointment of the Independent Inquiry alone, saying that it is a waste of time and money.
In 2023, Samla Phyrnai Kyndait won the gold medal in the XCO Open Women Category of the 6th National Level MTB Tawang Cycling Competition organized by the Arunachal Cycling Association. , which was attended by cyclists from all over India and abroad.
It will be a very interesting match as both the teams have prepared well and after the victory in the last match recently.
It will also be an opportunity for them to have the opportunity to perform, where pedestrians and tourists will also be able to enjoy themselves while walking.
At the same time, he said that before holding this meeting today, there was a misunderstanding within the party because there are three leading leaders like Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, u Don Massar and Martin M. Danggo.
Dr. Sangma said he has traveled around Meghalaya to explain to the people the need for a Government that understands the problems of the people.
Nongpoh: U Bah Plo Lyngdoh, 70, of Nongpoh, has committed suicide inside his house, after the house he lived in, collapsed. suddenly caught fire while he was sitting alone inside the house.
“The Reservation Policy is a bih that we as a nation have been carrying in our mouths for 50 years and it has turned into a disease that has destroyed us because if we look at the light, there is no light in these. “How many days we have been treated badly and without jobs other ethnic groups don't get much while we get less,” he said.
Jowai: Three political parties including the KSU, HNYF and FKJGP today held a sit-in in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah in Khliehriat to demand the implementation of the Inner Line. Bihar Education Minister Mewalal Choudhary has resigned today.
These religious stories clearly tell the origin of Hinduism and thus Hinduism is a religion foreign to the indigenous people, like Christianity and Islam.
Indeed, money has deceived many people these days. There is no longer the desire to get a little or just enough, but everyone wants to get more and more.
The soldiers, civilians and Ukrainian troops were arrested.
He said that when Bah PN Syiem was CEM and before the MLA elections, there was T.32 crore from the central government and Bah PN Syiem spent every night. He has issued Work Orders to contractors without a Tender Committee and this is very sad.
Regarding this incident, Stevenson Kharkrang, President of KSU Umiam Circle, said that the KSU is deeply saddened by such announcements, in which they have announced the death of a person who is still alive and who is still undergoing surgery.
“At the meeting of the political parties, we expressed our fear that the Expert Committee will become a ploy to delay and facilitate the review of the Reservation Policy. it appears now our fears were indeed justified.
Therefore, it is necessary to work together and not to quarrel and find reasons to force the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Constitution of India.
The death toll has risen to 146 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to 4,83,9
In their match, Ons Jabeur changed the whole game as they were trailing 5-3 in the first set. the rescue of the two goal sets to win the tiebreak.
The question to the Government of India will be now and call to ban this Act in our country, because if we sleep lyngngai we will not understand when suddenly we are suddenly knieh suddenly it is useless.
Besides, there are also some paradoh parasnam who are trying to stir up more and more trouble, without understanding that the byrsieh has spread in their own country.
Those who attended the church alleged that this was an incident that was caused by the enemy and not by chance.
In this regard, Mega Entertainment conducted interviews in Kokrajhar, Kohima, Guwahati and Agartala.
Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of KHNAM, did not come to cast his vote.
The fourth quarterfinal match will be between Mukhla FC and Ialong FC at 2.00 pm on Thursday.
There are many cases where the intention to provide services fails because the focus is only on achieving the goals and implementing the schemes, following the rules but we forget to provide the services that good to the public, he said.
The same rule applies to our country or state and even to the districts.
Other speakers on the occasion were Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, BS Sohliya, IAS, A. Suting, Deputy Project Director, M-LAMP, M. Lamare, Assistant District Agriculture; E. Buam, Deputy Manager, DPMU and S. Rani, District Horticulture Officer.
The ILP cannot prevent the entry of foreigners as seen in Mizoram, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh,” he said.
“We have also received 266 new centers which will be started in the State where 266 staff and 266 assistants will be appointed,” he said.
On the basis of the above readings, is the UCC a good thing or a bad thing? The UCC is good in its purpose and principle, to bring order in the protection of the rights of India, which we cannot protect if we put religious groups before human rights. .
We are seeing this now and it is a serious threat.
The navy and the air force have used women in combat operations and women are now leaders and we have also abolished triple talaq," he said.
Although only a few minutes left to the end of the match, the players of Ryntig did not lose heart but fought hard to score the first goal and to score the first goal. In the 87th minute, Ryntih goalkeeper Nangshanlang Dkhar scored the first goal of the match. Arvist Kharkongor, who managed to score the first goal of the match, scored the first goal of the match.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Ribhoi District, Samla Tony Shylla in the presence of Bah RC Thangkhie, Vice President, Bah Warnes Lamin and members. Therefore, I would like to urge the immoral people who used to do these things in this place not to do these things in the future because today they have been warned once again and they will be punished.
The BJP in Manipur in a letter to JP Nadda said, “Remove and repeal Article 355 if there is still anything to be implemented in the state and to establish the Unified Command. to the Chief Minister of the State where it will be able to implement with confidence and trust in the Government in relation to the circumstances.
Biolinda, who is the sister-in-law of former Pariong MLA Tuberlin L Nonglait, has decided to contest the HSPDP ticket but the final decision will depend on the will of the people if she does not get it. ticket.
Regarding roads and highways, the Central Government has implemented the PMGSY scheme to provide roads to all the villages that have not yet seen roads in the country.
He said that where will the nation go without the KSU working for the welfare of the people of the state.
I am surprised at the increase in the price of light bills.
In East Jaintia Hills, the building which has been in use for 8 years has been demolished.
“Always so busy with so much business….
Jaida Shadap, resident of Lad Mukhla Umsuse, passed away on 3/1/24 after a long illness.
He said that when we fill up any form and when we are asked about our religion we write Christian no matter if we belong to the Catholic Church, Presbyterian Church, Church of God or any other Christian Church.
On the occasion, besides strongly criticizing the UDP party which has been destroyed only because of the leaders, Bah Donkupar Sumer, has made it clear to the public that he is no longer in the UDP party. He was a member of the NPP party and the reason why he joined the party is also on the basis of bringing about change especially in Umsning Constituency and Ri Bhoi District.
Police immediately conducted an investigation and found out that Joit Singh Suna was killed with sharp weapons.
On the allegation that the UDP has been involved with the NPP in the MDA government in many matters and how it will clean up, he said that he has just joined the UDP, but the view of He said that the NPP does not respect the UDP and its allies in the MDA. He admitted that they are together, but what he saw was that the pilot who flew the plane was from the NPP and this pilot is a stupid person who has not yet matured, who does not take responsibility for his colleagues in the MDA government. Mukul Sangma has become a dictator and within the NPP led by Conrad K Sangma, they have become dictators as well.
Shillong, Jymmang 07 : Malki CC beat Jersey Kings by eight runs in the Shillong Cricket League 2nd Division 2023 match.
He said he could meet with any party leader to ensure that the VAB would be passed soon.
He convened the meeting of the State Security Commission.
In the incident, the driver of the truck sustained serious injuries while the driver of the truck sustained minor injuries. sleep lyngngai.
“We are deeply saddened that foreigners who have just come to work in this area have started to show their strength in this area where they don't listen to the demands and requests of the people. “These dhabas don't have any responsibility to look after the health of the people,” said Bah Aristone.
The fire broke out after the explosion of a tyndong shet jingshet and destroyed the two shops owned by Neymar Lyngdoh of Thadmuthlong.
On the other hand, the PAC has given time to the department to prepare how to manage these sites.
NESAC in Umiam has been declared a Containment Zone in the past few months and at this time, all businesses near NESAC will be temporarily closed, including SBI ATM, NESAC Office. , NESAC Residential Area, NESAC Outreach and NESAC Office Gate, due to the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 and which has prompted the District Administration of Ri Bhoi, to place it in the Containment Zone.
In Wuhan, 62% of those who smoked more than 14 cigarettes a day were men; and 3% were women.
The white stars represent the righteous life and knowledge of people.
He said that the District Councils are not only for the purpose of collecting revenue through taxes but also to create opportunities to employ the youth of the state through the District Council. Trading by non tribal Act 1954 not only to issue trading licenses or not only to renew trading licences but also to set rules on how many youths of the state can get jobs as non-tribals. They are citizens of the state and foreigners who have completed their work will have to leave.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 12: The residents of Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, Bah Gigur Myrthong, have reminded and demanded that the MLA/MDC of Mawshynrut constituency, Bah Gigur Myrthong, should implement the Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division. and the people of the city were waiting for him.
The Rangbah Shnong of Umdum said that there are about 50 households who have accepted to write the census.
Shillong, Lber, 24: The CMC Mawiong, which falls under the jurisdiction of St. Dominic Savio Church Mawlai Parish, on Tuesday was upgraded to a new parish. judge of the soul of the elder.
The meeting was held at the WJDSA office at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Hall, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
The tournament was inaugurated by Nina Jain, Secretary General of the USO. Sunil Kumar, Executive Council Member of the USO, Mahbubul Hoque, Chancellor of USTM, Prof. GD Sharma, Vice Chancellor USTM and other dignitaries from the education department as well as students of the university.
Shillong, October 27: T.72,47,000 has been paid to the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF) from 2013 to 2016, according to the Secretary. Welljune Syiemlieh, former Secretary of KHADC, has been promoted to the post of Principal Secretary of KHADC. to the House Committee that on 20th November, 2013 T.16 lakh was paid by check, then T.20 lakh on 27th November, 2013 by cheque. to the Secretary of KHCF, Mr. Allan West.
“The earth has existed for more than 4 billion years and mankind has existed for about 300,000 years, but mankind has been the destroyer of more than 3 million species to satisfy its own desires," he said.
“After many months of harassment in the Secretariat, Bah Banteidor has taken the file and submit to the Prime Minister for signature and approval to reuse the fertilizer”.
The Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri, today said in the Budget Session that up to ` 5.50 crore has been allocated for the Chief Minister Youth Development Fund (CMYDF) scheme for the year 2023- 24.
“We have reminded the KHADC that the VAB should not only issue certificates but should be able to protect the people,” said Peter. which is now.
According to the complaint of the coal traders, the price of coal in Byrnihat and Beltola, has dropped sharply due to the fact that these monsi come themselves to fill coal from this area, which has caused the local traders to lose money. nong in your earnings.
Dayo Lhuid took one wicket and Denis Lyngdoh took one wicket for Tuber.
“How far have you despised me...” Suddenly a voice came from Panah ka Rida.
At the beginning of 2020, due to the outbreak of Corona virus or Covid -19 and the implementation of the lockdown in many countries of the world, there has been a slight help in reducing environmental pollution.
Leading office bearers of the NPP, UDP and HSPDP from Sohiong constituency went to buy the membership forms and the forms to become leaders.
On the occasion, the two government departments celebrated the National Youth Day with the theme “Channelizing Youth Power for Nation Building”. They included Bah PM Marbaniang, DSO, Kong Rida Lyndem, Program Coordinator, MACS officials and others.
These students have faced difficulties because they have been ordered to take the matric examination, which they have already passed and are now studying in class XII. Principal of the school, Debasish Chakraborty, who expressed his anger over the decision to allow them to sit for the matric examination again after passing class XII. and now we want to fight for class XII but the management of Kalpataru Academy has said that we should fight for matric.
Speaking as the chief guest at the meeting, u Bah Lahkmen Rymbui tried to summarize the many works that the department has done in the last five years, the challenges it has faced from one day to the next. another, the inability to provide timely salaries, the inability to receive timely allocations from the central government and so on.
The Under-18 team led by Jeffrey Warlarpih won the title after beating Punjab 2-0 in the final held in Chennai on 31st June. .
kasparliniawphniaw2Of course it is wrong, but it is not easy for the government authorities to find out, as in Neigrihm it happened on the 4th and 9th.
When the king sent the young men to cut down the trees with the khon rympha, those young men had to flee because the khon rympha cut down the trees with only one sword and two swords.
Bah Rudi said that even if there are schools in the rural areas, if the training is sufficient and the salary of the teachers is sufficient and the qualifications of the teachers are sufficient, there will always be something. He said that most of them are the villagers who are playing chess now and this shows that even the villagers can reach their goal if they have enough schools and teachers who can provide training. There will always be good results and it is not that only the schools or educational institutions in Shillong are better.
Earlier, East Khasi Hills beat South West Garo Hills 13-0
Therefore, I don't think that just because you find a picture of them together, you can conclude that both of them have a relationship or that they work together.
“We have not proposed or ordered to ban beef here,” Madhav said.
Shillong: Sunny Dale, PFR Soccer Camp, St. Thomas, PFR Team B and Onside FC have qualified for the semi final of the Nissan Junior Cup sponsored by Pay For Right Shillong. Shillong Public School.
Dr. Sahai has been at NEHU for about 10 years and has conducted many workshops/seminars and published many journals on issues related to '3D printing' in the field of health care. 59 refugees including 11 children and one newborn baby have died after the boat they were on capsized and they were killed. I drowned in southern Calabria, Italy, on Sunday morning.
Those involved are being monitored from the civil hospital areas and those who commit these types of crimes are both men and women.
VIII/ 95 dated 27 th May, 2021, at the meeting to audit the death toll from COVID-19 and after a thorough discussion with the State Medical Experts Committee, the main reasons were found. .
Through this programme, the people have benefited greatly from learning about the benefits provided by the government and also the speakers explained that the people should take advantage of the opportunities. assistance that they should receive from the government.
France have qualified for the World Cup final after beating Belgium 1-0 in the semi-final in Russia on Saturday night.
She also directed this person to come and explain before the committee whether it is really Mylliemngap so that we can have a good discussion.
They also denied the allegation by Bada but alleged that she wants to do her own thing.
In this regard, police have registered a case against these people at Khliehriat Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
The plants have been destroyed and destroyed, we don't want to lose our rights like that.
At the same time, the former EM of KHADC urged the Daju who attended the ceremony to be knowledgeable when they are on duty with the uniform. They should know that their number is written on their uniform and if they do anything wrong in the market, they will be punished and if they receive a complaint from the public that the person wearing that number is doing such things. “The name of the person wearing that number has been registered, and he will be dismissed from his post,” said Bah Ban.
In many cases, it is necessary to kill the Khasi people just for the sake of the foreigners because when they try to expel them, it is the Khasi brothers who protect them.
On the joining of MLAs to the party, Alphonse said it will take time because once the elections are announced, it will be clear.
He said that talks have been held with the government to improve the road and the land owners are ready to provide land but the government has delayed in paying the fees.
Other sources said the plane crashed near Donetsk, a hotbed of fighting between Russian rebels against the Ukrainian government.
In the opening match, Umran Niangbyrnai SC won the first title by beating Lumdiengblei SC 2-0
Tpeppale SC beat Lumpyrdi SC 1-0
The government does not want to include me in the High Level Committee (HLC) because they are afraid that I will know their secret intentions.
The Dorbar Shnong has requested the MeECL office to find ways and means to resolve the problem of the residents and to create a way to supply electricity without any interruption in the village especially in Shella. It is located on the border with Bangladesh which can also put the residents at risk from criminals at night due to the darkness.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) on Tuesday established a new branch in Laskein Block Circle.
The statue of Tirot Singh was unveiled by renowned writer Bah Sumar Sing Sawian and on the same day the KSU Girls Wing was inaugurated at About 70 young women have joined the KSU through the Women's Department.
According to the Minister, there are about 15 lakh farmers in the state which is about half of the population of the state.
This was announced by KSU Publicity Secretary Macdonald Marbaniang.
When the seed is threshed, the stalk of the wheat is whiter than the stalk of the wheat.
I'm trying to get her into Bollywood to sing as a playback singer, because I know she has a beautiful voice and in fact this song I made for Batei and she too. I'm shooting in Chandigarh because I'm shooting in Chandigarh. I'm one of the best singers in the country. which I have taught him.
In Group B, Jharkhand, Kerala, Manipur and Punjab are the states.
Mynthong opened the scoring in the 24th minute through Romaric B Nguefang.
Three Indian nationals were also arrested in the incident and the two trucks were seized.
Therefore, the organization from time to time continues to follow up to find out the reasons for the decline in the council's income.
However, if the Lamphang hands over the chairmanship of the dorbar to a member from the opposition, defeat may occur but to prevent this, he will have to hand over the chairmanship of the dorbar to the members from the ruling party. .
Djokovic has not received permission for his place in the Masters 1000 event in the California Desert.
The Supreme Court of India has taken this decision after considering a petition filed by the Hima Nongstoin Land Owners Association (HNLO CT&PA) to release the order. NGT's coal mining in Meghalaya has been going on for more than two years.
“However, the problem for the party in Garo Hills is that it does not have MLAs. We can get detailed information on the situation in Garo Hills if we have leaders,” he said.
Earlier, the Opposition had promised to raise many issues affecting the State especially in relation to the need for political power. The MPF is a group of MLAs in the Opposition including The United Democratic Party (UDP) has eight MLAs, the National People's Party (NPP) has two MLAs, the Garo National Council (GNC) has one MLA and two independent MLAs.
Last greeting : A last greeting or a special visit to old friends or writing letters, and a special greeting even to those people who work together.
“The RDA has an opportunity this time because the Congress has also lost its power, the NPP has joined the NPP,” he said.
Shillong: The FKJGP (FKJGP) will hold a sit-in protest today as scheduled, said the President of Shillong City, Bah Elton Warjri.
Who is not afraid of his life? To avoid any injury, there should be a thorough investigation.
The Minister also expressed his satisfaction with the selection of Madhav Singh, Senior Science Teacher, Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh to receive the National Teacher Award
The peace talks between the Government of India and the armed groups in the North East, such as the NSCN (IM), ULFA and especially the Hynniewtrep Liberation Council (HNLC), require a comprehensive public consultation.
The Congress chief's remarks came after the police raided the farm house of a BJP MDC in Tura and also on the BJP's statement against the NPP. “It is afraid and reluctant to do anything because the BJP is also in power,” he said.
In fact, the post of Rangbah Shnong is good and it is still better for women to stand for MLA/Minister than for them to hold the post of Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong: The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie, on Tuesday said that the elections to be held in GHADC after the expiry of the term of the old Executive Committee will end in April. The BJP has been preparing for this election.
It is the most important goal of every household to have adequate outdoor facilities to avoid health hazards.
Because this road will pass through three Hima and will connect hundreds of villages.
In an interview with a child studying in class IV, he expressed his disagreement with the celebration of Diwali by burning firecrackers as it causes damage to the environment.
“This struggle should not be for my glory or yours but for God as recalled in Psalm 115,” he added.
Therefore, regarding the damage caused by the natural disasters, the Rangbah Shnong urged the government authorities to take action to expedite the relief measures to those who have been severely damaged.
Among them, three are from East Khasi Hills District.
This year, 24 female and 12 male Scouts-Guides are preparing for the Rajya Pursakar Award.
Similarly, the state of Assam was merged with the indigenous people and became known as the Assamese.
“I as the Minister of the department have confidence and hope in Rebecca that through her skills, she will bring about many changes to improve MeECL,” he said.
Shillong: U Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, today founded the Iada La ka Ri party, at a public meeting held at Madan Student, Jaiaw.
West Garo Hills SP Mukesh Singh said the seven suspected GNLA members were arrested while they were sleeping near the Manchi Valley in Oragitok.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that this is the goal of the government to help the poor families to get piglets for the purpose of raising and developing them. 4 piglets per household so that they can raise and sell the piglets for profit and especially to improve the income of poor households in the rural areas.
Recently, the Minister of State for Railways, Rajen Gohain, said that Meghalaya has a Sixth Schedule which protects against the influx of foreigners. and the construction of the railroad would not affect immigration.
“We should not be biased only towards our area because there are 8-9 Land Custom Stations (LCS) in the state and if they mention only Majai is wrong and if they feel sorry for the Government for losing revenue, they should lodge a PIL to find out the loss of revenue by the Government from all the LCS”.
In the Pynursla GS Circle, the villages are Jading, Pynursla, Pynursla Market, Umkor, Pynursla Nenggate, Madanshadsngi and Wah Umrem.
The Government should consider reshaping the city of Shillong and its surroundings and that is to create a District which can be Shillong District or any other name by including the city and Agglomeration to separate from the present East Khasi Hills, in order to facilitate and accelerate the work with East Khasi Hills.
It is also the second time in the past two years that an aircraft of the agency has been seized in the South Asian country.
He said the party has nothing to send an inquiry and it is the duty of the police who are the law enforcement agencies and the party will not interfere in the work of the police.
Exodus 7:8-24.
He said that MeECL employees are still in the process of repairs and have been directed to work in two phases.
After a while, the team under the leadership of Bah Sumarlang Swer (coach) scored the second goal through Imaïa in the 22nd minute.
After God had created the heavens and the earth, and all that was in them, He created man in His own image.
please sir help mehope that i can be a watchdog for you if you led me.
There are also languages ​​that differ from the former to the latter such as Huri Hura, Lap Lah, Lulu Lele, Laki Laka, Luri Lura, Malu Mala, Patung Pateng, Buk Bak, Tari Tara, Luk Liak, Khim. khait, jali jaum, khling khlang, a little bit, lymwir lymtham, arti slowly, slowly slowly, quickly slowly, slowly slowly, quickly slowly, slowly slowly, slowly slowly and so on.
The sudden protest started at 10 pm and after a few hours the DC called for talks with the leaders of these groups.
Police of Ladrymbai Out-post on July 29 received a tip from the Rangbah Shnong of Ladrymbai Datsimpien, Khliehriat, Ma Ti Suchiang that the residents of Ladrymbai Out-post, Khliehriat, have found a body inside a house. The shop has been destroyed opposite the petrol pump in Ladrymbai, Datsympien.
Sometimes I eat clean-Tungtap is good.
KSU Iooksi Unit President: Sainia Sutnga Vice President: Tympang Tangyang General Secretary: Juhhi Tangyang Assistant General Secretary: Hamehi Mannar Publicity Secretary: Landerson Sutnga Assistant Publicity Secretary: Kamnibait Phyllei Organizing Secretary Tympar Da: Fernando Secretimon Sutnga : Womemki Sayoo Sport Secretary: Niponghi Sumer Adviser: Nangai Sutnga Education Secretary: Emitre Patlong With about 25 members.
Some of the top office bearers are President Livingson Dkhar Sana, Vice President Winchester Salahe, Secretary Advisory Council Lyngdoh and others.
In his speech, he also gave his blessings to the group to continue to do many good deeds and provide assistance to those people in need. .
On the other hand, Pastor Kyrsoiborlang Pyrtuh in a statement strongly condemned the MSOA's actions in the preparations for the Meghalaya Games
Below you will find some tips that you can take to take care of your skin this winter.
Ri-Bhoi Police are conducting a search operation in the forest near Ranibari village to arrest the members of this gang.
This will open a new era in which faith and confidence in its fulfillment will purify and lift you up.
“Any work requires the cooperation of all to bring about improvement in many areas especially in the cleanliness of this area,” he said.
Leaders of the party, except Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the party who will leave for the election campaign in Jaintia Hills on that day.
For example, the words of the song describe that in heaven “the path is cleansed with pure gold”.
Up to 32 teams from Jaintia Hills District have participated in the tournament. At the start of the tournament, Mukhla Umlangshor Sports Club will play against Mookyniang Khliehtyrsi Sports Club. Mukhla Umlangshor Sports Club beat Mookyniang Khliehtyrsi Sports Club 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Furthermore, the decision of the dorbar today expressed that it does not trust the Syiem of the Hima Nobosohphoh Syiemship, and does not recognize the Phaiborlin Lyngdoh. The Dorbar has also decided to inform the district authorities at the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Council (KHADC), the office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) and also the office of the Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District. of this Kur Lyngdoh, they decided that whatever happens, whatever happens, the people of the Kur will stand against it.
Jowai, March 11: The Durga Puja festival of the Pnars in Nartiang village, which is celebrated every year by the people of Niamtre in Nartiang, has ended today amidst the crowds of thousands of people. Many people from all over the country have come to witness the Lehniam at the village and today is the last day to end the procession to pour water on the Durga River in the Myntang River. After staying at Jayantee Mandir or Iung Blai for four days and four nights, she returned home.
Isaitmet and i-thamula,To look at the present age;Righteousness and truth,They have no place.
Speaking on the election of the four Congress MLAs, Vincent said that the people still have confidence in the Congress, because they know that if the Congress is weak, the society is also weak.
It is surprising to hear the allegations of the foreigners who have to undergo quarantine, saying that the government has not made enough preparations regarding their Quarantine Centre.
This is one of the ways to curb the spread of crime in the State because it is usual when you know that severe punishment is ahead, who doesn't think twice before taking action.
The ECC said that the government has recently issued permission to operate four factories, while 31 factories are still in the process of getting CTE from the MSPCB. factories are also already built.
She said that this issue will be discussed at a meeting to be held at Tura Congress Bhavan on 3rd March in the presence of all the leaders of District Congress Committees (DCCs), BCCs, BCCs, The Women's and Youth Congress will participate.
The Rangbah Shnong, together with the VO leader, urged the residents of Shillong to refrain from throwing garbage in these rivers. bread, which means that the problem will be faced by the people living near the lake.
To the rich and the poor, to the honorable, to the prosperous in all respects and to the lagging behind.
The incident has shocked Nitish Kumar, Chief Minister of Bihar, who was present at the scene, showing the excessive negligence of the Bihar police.
The top two teams in the round robin will qualify for the group stage.
At the same time, he said that one of the main goals of (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh in this present generation is to demand a Khasi Jaintia State.
The 26-year-old was taken to hospital for further treatment.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC has directed all the Hima under the jurisdiction of KHADC in the border areas with Assam to allow the indigenous people to use their land. They are not used to avoid the border crossing with Assam.
He said the residents of Aradonga and Athiabari in West Khasi Hills are afraid that the establishment of this camp will encourage youths to join insurgent groups.
The expectations of the government, which used to be said “by the people and for the people”, seem to be not working anymore these days, because the government, even itself, has collapsed, but she tries to collect from the sick, the afflicted and the empty hands and feet, by exempting from various taxes and by allowing the merchants, the rich, to carry money, from the poor and the needy, in such a difficult time of life.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 268 new cases have been confirmed and 142 people have recovered.
He said that earlier, the bank had provided assistance through their Corporate Social Responsibility scheme and therefore, they wrote to the bank to continue to provide assistance to the prostitutes. that they may save themselves from this trouble which they are in.
Recently, HANM leaders left for Delhi to hand over a petition to the President of India Droupadi Murmu, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Defense Minister Amit Shah and others. BJP Rajya Sabha MP Rakesh Sinha for North East.
This was announced by the Meghalaya High Court on Thursday.
The parents of the children also followed the orders of the school authorities.
He was the first Director General of the Defense Space Agency.
Police in East Jaintia Hills, in the past nine months, have seized a large quantity of drugs since April and have seized billions of rupees from various sources.
India has spent Rs 615 crore on Chandrayaan-3, and the hard work of ISRO scientists has brought about the success that the world has seen today.
Nongpoh: The resident leaders of Mawtari village, Umsning Constituency, which is also in the midst of preparations to host the Synod Rangbah of Ri Bhoi District, have said that they have been preparing for the Synod Rangbah Synod. They want the government through the PWD department to improve or repair the 1 km road which has been suspended for a long time.
“The amount of T.2 lakh is not clear in what way the agriculture department has allocated it,” said the secretary.
Tura (Chandmari Ground), Mawkyrwat (MDSA Ground), Shillong (Third Ground, Polo) and Jowai (Kiang Nangbah Stadium).
On the other hand, Bah Daniel Khyriem spoke strongly on the incidents that have affected the society especially the death of KSU leader S Hynniewta at the hands of the authorities in Ichamati last year.
Speech was delivered by the President of Garo Hills, Kong Banalis Syiem, to urge all the Cooks in Garo Hills to unite as citizens of Meghalaya to come forward to request the government to implement the Cook dreams all the time.
The BJP leaders said that since the incident, they have tried their best to help the people in need and also to make the people aware of the It is necessary to comply with the rules and regulations announced by the Government from time to time.
In a statement, the CPC, led by JL Da, said that such an incident does not happen as Meghalaya is known as a state of mutual interest and friendship.
In the men's final, Diphu Mavericks beat Mount Carmel, Aizawl 21-20 to win the title.
They also said that in other departments, when they say to open tenders or open quotations, they announce the prices and any supplier who bids the lowest price, they immediately inform the same department. days in front of the suppliers or representatives of the suppliers, but in this office Fisheries itself is corrupt and this behavior of the suppliers is really something behind it.
He also expressed his gratitude to God that no one was injured or tragically injured in the fire.
All puja pandals should be directed to ensure that they are well prepared to avoid delays in leaving the pandals to the place of worship.
Nongstoiñ, June 16: The villages of Kyndongei, Mawkapiah and Nongrim Hills, have demanded from the government through the PWD department to repair or improve the road, as it has caused too much inconvenience to the people in coming and going, especially this winter season.
Isn't it time for us to look at things that are hopeful, encouraging and that we can share with each other?
I can't say anything about this now.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the political parties can say whatever they want but the government will follow the rules and that is what the government is doing. follow the rules at all times.
Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh have nearly 10,000 cases, while West Bengal has 8,187 cases.
He said that until now, the people have been governed by the Uniform Civil Code because there is not a single provision in the Constitution of India to protect the people by Article 10:1 Nagaland, Mizoram are not scheduled.
“One of the conditions is to hold municipal elections.
The ambulance was carrying Kyiad from Byrnihat area with the intention of taking it to Umsning area, but when they tried to take it to Byrnihat Police outpost, the police stopped them. .
Shillong, Naitung 25 : The National People's Youth Front (NPYF) on Tuesday said that the robbery of the Chief Minister's Office (CMO) in Tura Conrad K Sangma with the leaders of ACHIK, GHSMC and others on 24th November.
The issue of the Reservation Policy has been raised after the appearance of Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit on indefinite strike from the 23rd of this month.
He said the cooperation between the BJP and the NPP and the presence of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs at the swearing-in ceremony of the Chief Minister and his Cabinet speaks clearly. Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Giri Prasad, on 21st October, 2013, said that the cause of the murder of Bah Elius Ryndong, 70, , on the 9th of October at Paham Mawlein 20 mer.
Replying, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that after receiving information about the incident, he took the initiative to talk to the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma.
As a student of St. Edmund's College he led the college and played football under the leadership of Prof. Aga Ahmed and they played in different parts of Assam and elsewhere.
The lack of employment opportunities has forced young people to come to the city in search of jobs.
Whether in the city or in the countryside, the celebration is colorful and there are cases when judges or observers have to be appointed.
All these appointees will serve in different districts of Garo Hills.
Hek also honored two policemen, including Havildar Amplias Synnah ABC/264 Arki Nikhla in recognition of their work in the fight against drugs. In Amlarem, MLA Lahkmen Rymbui took the salute and turned over the food items to the Children's Home. flag.
He said that the state government has taken all the necessary measures to urge the central government to accept their request.
Sub Inspector Lucas D. Sangma, who is also in charge of Mawryngkneng Police Station, said that the incident is true and the court has taken the initiative. this is a strong decision.
In 2015, one of the journalists, Bah Kenny Warjri, a photographer of PCN, passed away after an accident on 11th March.
He urged Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the State, that if he and the government will not allow the mining of uranium, he should speak clearly inside the Assembly and not on the ground. financial.
Waladmiki Shylla, Legislator of Jowai, was the chief guest in the presence of Babu Richard B Uriah, Principal of North Liberty Higher Secondary School.
The ISIS leader spoke last at a Muslim mosque in Mosul, Iraq in November
The woman said that the village authorities have gone to destroy her 2 acre farm and also the sying planted in July. The farmland has been valued at T.2 lakh.
The conference was held with the collaboration of Seinraiij Chyrmang.
The program was held in the form of a competition including Block Level, District Level and State Level where the participants will upload their photographs on the link sent to all the schools.
Meanwhile, the search and rescue team is continuing to remove heavy stones to recover the bodies of the two men.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The victims of MUDA have asked why the government has arrested Kong Agnes Kharshiing, when she is only an assistant to the victims. the owners of the houses should be arrested if they are illegally occupying the property.
At this meeting, a memorial service was held for Bah Pyrkhat Sohkhlet, the first President of the Seng Kur Sohkhlet, who passed away on the 16th of June
Thus, this group tried to rebuild the “glory of the Hindu nation”.
The problem is that as the world becomes more intelligent, the demands for employment increase.
The court has earlier denied the application for detention inside the residence of the TDP leader. Andhra Pradesh.
Eugene also won the AIFF Player of the Year award in
Sanbor Shulai said that when he has more time, he will take the management of the tourist attraction to Delhi to meet face to face with the Union Minister in charge of tourism. tourism activities, it is there that the area will always have a good road for access to the newly opened and soon to be popular tourist destination.
So that there will be no discrimination and that the decision will be binding on all.
In this digital age, there is an urgent need for information dissemination – not only to improve digital services but also to meet the needs of the people and to establish organizations.
The distribution method is as follows: AAY will be distributed at 1 kg per card only to those who do not have AAY Ration Card and PHH will be distributed at 1 kg per card only to those who do not have PHH Ration Card. They should immediately lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District to punish them. as a law passed by the government.
Why are you like this? When will you wake up?  You don't have that Buit to find the right path.
Shillong, Nailur 04 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday confirmed that the State Government will cancel the doctoral scholarship if the documents of those students are found to be invalid. read are really incomplete or fraudulent.
According to a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of the party signed by the Assistant General Secretary Pynshaikupar Dkhar and Organizing Secretary Deiniwan Lyngdoh, the party has also sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner. The vacancies in the Home Guard Department have not been advertised in the newspapers and this shows the lack of working methods of the Civil Defense & Home Guard Department and this has discouraged the youth. Therefore, they have to find ways and means to complain to the authorities.
The meetings were attended by the Speaker Timothy D. Shira, Commissioner & Secretary of the Meghalaya Assembly Dr Andrew Simons, officers from various departments and the Assembly Secretariat.
The District Magistrate has prohibited the gathering of more than 5 persons, the carrying of any weapons by groups or individuals, the cutting of trees, or the carrying of forest products from the area. .
The prize money for the tournament is T.5 lakh and the tournament was held to raise funds to meet the needs of the school.
Mukroh village also has a ration shop from Meghalaya, where 235 ration cards have been distributed to the residents of Mukroh-A and 1285 beneficiaries have reached.
The success or failure to work or serve in any organization or group, club or association etc. depends on the hands and skills or ability or courage of the leaders.
The HLC was established on 4th July 2018 and after its establishment, it was found that there are many things that need to be done and resolved.
He said that in 2010, the Minister in charge of the Municipal Department was the same until now and she used to promise to look after the problems of the workers but unfortunately this has not happened yet.
On the second day, Bah PT Sawkmie met with a woman resident of Mawlai Mawkynroh Unshing (name withheld), whose clothes were stolen. , clothes, TV, money and other items, in which he donated a gift of money to her after she suffered the theft.
At the same time, he said that KAS intends to hold a National Seminar in Delhi and to hold a rally at Jantar Mantar as a sign of the struggle for the recognition of the Khasi language.
They were accompanied by Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars and leaders of NGOs from Wahkaji-Mawthabah.
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the incident happened on the 19th of this month.
During the meeting, the EE promised that the road will be repaired and they will repair only the potholes first. .
“Conrad also criticized these political parties for bringing in politics of division which is an unpleasant attempt for the people and the state.
A 55-year-old man from Vijayawada has died today, becoming the first death from the disease in the state. The number of confirmed cases has risen to 161 and he was infected while attending a service at Tablighi Jamaat on 17th October
Therefore, this time too, Zelensky reminded and warned that Russia will fire at the enemy and damage Ukraine's power plants in order to defeat Ukraine.
The total number of cases has risen to 412 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
Pala, who is MP from Shillong, said that the people of Sohiong constituency understand better because they have seen other parties from NPP, UDP and BJP working together, but they just don't understand. speak unto the people only to encourage them.
Drill Paw.18.
He said that although it will be difficult to do so now, there is hope for the future.
At the same time the Gentiles will be gathered to Mount Zion.
Therefore, if you have any complaints regarding the beverages, you can lodge a complaint with these offices.
In addition, radiation therapy has burned the inside of the throat and this makes it difficult for food to enter.
The money was seized from cupboards during the search, from the MP's residence, office and liquor outlet in Sundargarh.
Chyne said the Bodo language, which has fewer inhabitants than the Khasi, has been included in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution.
If it applies only to those who elect the government, it means that it is no longer a government that has not been sworn in according to the Constitution of the country.
Nair said that Rule 7 of the Printing and Stationery (Technical) Service Rules which stipulates the manner of appointment and in which posts at various levels have to be filled does not allow or allow the appointment of OSDs. (Technical) at the Senior Grade level.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Manager of the factory said that they did not fight but gave their right hand and they also cooperated with the village authorities and the police to search for the suspect. the woman and the servant.
Regarding the recent appointment of only 3 Khasi and 7 Garo in the High Court, it is because the Khasi working here are more than the Garo.
“I know Shillong well from Garikhana to Happy Valley,” he said.
Many times when our leaders shout these words of peace, the peace and stability of our native land increases.
He urged the scientists to think carefully about the farmers to improve their income.
The RSS chief came to Shillong to meet with the people of the state and to answer their questions about the RSS. The meeting was held at the Aurobindo Institute Shillong. and the central theme of the program was 'Tip on RSS'
Shillong, July 08 : The Minister of Women and Child Development, Smriti Irani, on Tuesday said that it is very important for those in power to put forward the issues related to women and children. also infants children in their practice.
Shillong, March 13: Four coal workers in Borsora, West Khasi Hills have lost their lives due to the delay in the implementation of the Mining Policy in the state. The incident happened on the 9th of this month.
“The MMSA has also decided that it will take the necessary measures if the Government does not do anything to resolve this issue,” said the MMSA.Jowai, July 02: The 15th Inter School Badminton Tournament 2022, organized by the West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA) Jowai, started today and ended on the 4th of this month. Chutwakhu Indoor Sports Hall, Jowai.
Shillong, Naitung 26: After arresting drug dealers from the parking lot of Bethany Hospital on Tuesday, police today arrested another drug dealer and seized drugs from Nongkseh. Laimer, Shillong.
Isn't all this the slavery and enslavement of our people as if they still value the property of others more than their own?
Langsning XI CC won the title by beating Lawsohtun SCC by 1 wicket in the final match on Tuesday at the Polo Cricket Ground.
Shillong, Jymmang 10 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday expressed the need for the Ministry of Home Affairs (DoNER) to improve the rules and regulations for the development of the inability of the States of the North East to make good use of the funds provided by the Central Government.
The people who attended the meeting were surprised and couldn't even clap their hands after seeing the Prime Minister crying bitterly and some of them were surprised at his ability to sing. They clapped their hands as a sign of praise to him.
When I asked the bank staff, they didn't give me any clear information,” said the MLA. The robbers stole T.14 lakh from the account of the MLA through internet banking.
In addition, Bah SK Sun said that he comes from a family that is responsible for the work of the Seng Khasi, and he is ready to help to contribute to everyone. The Seng Khasi branches when necessary during the Shad Suk Mynsiem in their respective villages.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnongs and the residents urged the PWD department to complete the road as soon as possible for the benefit of the residents.
The answer comes when you have made a decision to do something.
On Tuesday, it took more than 2 hours to travel from 7 mer to Umshyrpi due to an overturning of a truck at Lad Lummawbah. the line in this Block stop.
Prestone said the incident was unclear on the part of the accused, he gave an inconsistent explanation because the explanation was different from another explanation.
Streamly N Suchen President KSU EJH Unit urged all the drivers to cooperate in this regard by refusing to pass through this road from this evening. 7 pm until 5 pm on Tuesday.
Expressing his regret that these things are happening within the UDP, Titos said he will stand against anyone who tries to destroy the party.
In the last match of the day, Pammanik beat Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu 2-1
He said to get rid of the problem, the government needs to take money from the corpus fund first.
However, Conrad said he does not blame the previous governments for these mistakes, because in practice such mistakes cannot be avoided.
Many of the people from the constituencies of those MLAs in these constituencies were surprised and shocked to hear that their MLAs have promised to donate stones to Mawphlang and Mawryngkneng constituencies. Even if they ask for bloodshed, they don't get anything from their MLAs even if it is necessary.
In these days when the COVID-19 pandemic has spread around the world, this statement is very appropriate.
Electricity consumers are also requested to use electricity responsibly and not to turn on the lights day and night unnecessarily.
“It's just the beginning of the examination, which is English, but by mistake they didn't open the song that was supposed to be fought tomorrow, and they started distributing it after they found it. we have taken it immediately by the workers, and distributed it on the right subject today.
When asked why she left Shella to contest from Pynursla constituency, Grace said that she is currently the MDC of Nongshken constituency which falls under Pynursla in the MLA election. When asked whether Donkupar Massar will contest the 2018 election, he replied that he will contest from Ranikor. “I hope that both of us will win this time,” she said. “I hope that both of us will win this time,” she said.
Manipur won two gold medals on the first day of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 held at Malki Forest, Shillong.
The KSU demanded that the Minister of C&RD Block should listen to the demands of the people and urged the Local MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency Ma Shitlang Pale to help talk to the government regarding this block demand in Narpuh.
HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that although the party itself supports, the state government should ensure that it should not affect 40% of Khasi-Jaintia, 40% of Garo. , 5% for SC/OBC and 15% for others.
The Ephphatha Society (Society for Persons with Special Needs) on Tuesday (27/07/21) donated food aid to 35 persons with special needs. Members of the body are located in Umsatai, Ladwahwapung, Deiñsatlang and Pynurkba villages.
The incident has shocked the people who live near the place where the truck fell.
Youth: 46-48, 49-52, 52-53.5, 54-57, Elight: 49-52, 52-56, 56-60, 60-64 and Women 50-5 The Open Boxing Championship 2023 was inaugurated by the Superintendent of Police (SP) BD Marak (MPS) on Thursday.
However, we still need to be free from discrimination and discrimination against Riewlum, Tribal, Dalit and other minority religions.
I remember at that time my father had a buffalo to cut wood or lur lyngkha and at the same time my father had two bulls.
The school authorities should also take action against such cases.
Another part of the part of speech is the gender of creatures known in English as 'Gender' which can be called in Khasi, 'Kongbah' because it includes the word Kong which refers to women and Bah which refers to women, Kongbah or Bahkong is used to describe women who have sex with men or men who have sex with women in general in society.
She added that the kingpins, who have been appointed and protected by the government to run these factories, the government has not taken any action against them.
Peter as a young man understood that it was at this time that the girls and boys liked to travel around the Khasi Hills to witness with their own eyes the beauty of nature.
Valarie B Lyngdoh, resident of Riatmoolain, Jowai, passed away on May 17, 2022 at Dr. Norman Tunnel Mission Hospital, Jowai.
Furthermore, the union has decided that all the farmers affected by the kilo cut and other discrimination in the market should attend this meeting.
Khliehriat, March 30 : The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that those who apply for the Permanent Residential Certificate (PRC) should be only for those who are studying Higher Education and those who need training. those who have resided in the district for more than two years and those who have decided to reside in the district.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah F Basan inaugurated the office to implement the activities of the VOs to bring about change in economic development and income generation.
Marshall Biam, expressed his concern over the lack of action by the authorities to track down these Muslim refugees.
Today, Bangladesh is the fifth most populous country in the world with 15 crore Muslims.
The President of the Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) Starwin Kharjana said, “The Government has now ordered us who are disabled to choose only one of these two. type of scheme.
The Rangbah Shnong said that on the 19th July, the villagers saw Marak riding a bike to the village and also on the 20th and 21st July.
The rice, which has been well cooked in the sun for about 8 hours, is placed in large earthen pots, and then poured with boiling water into those pots.
The District Council Government led by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem CEM of the NPP has discussed the UCC issue in the House last month, especially as the tragic incidents in Manipur have spread across the country, including Shillong. and to other parts of the state.
Shakil P.Ahammed on Tuesday.
He said that such propaganda in the media is just like Pakistan, which unfoundedly accused India in the UN General Assembly by showing the image of a person who is not in India. that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has respected all ethnic groups and religions in the country.
Speaking on education in the state, he said that there are schools in the rural areas which have teachers but no students, there are schools where students have but no teachers.
He said that the central government has asked the state government to provide the land for the construction of the museum.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes has ordered all street vendors including those vendors on public footpaths to leave their premises from 15th September due to the illness of the area. traffic and motor vehicles.
“We have decided to send a letter to the Supreme Court regarding the state government's attempt to implement Aadhaar, so that it can take the necessary action on this issue,” said Pastor Basaiawmoit.
Another match will be played on 27th July against Rangdajied United in Shillong.
After these, the people expressed their anger and started throwing stones and used jri to threaten and beat the police.
Jowai, Naitung 03: The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Cash awards were also presented to the sportsmen who have brought fame to the state and the country, who have led in the Olympic and Non Olympic Sports Discipline.
Earlier, u Bah Titos Chyne, u Bah Titos Chyne, expressed his surprise that the SDO of Sohra has taken all the old forms from the office of the BDO and done the registration of voters in the Sub-Division. He said that in the past, the registration of voters used to be done at the BDO's office, but this time he was surprised because the SDO has taken all the documents from the BDO's office. is with the registration of Vote.
Speaking to Rupang, Nongpluh said she has resigned from the BJP because she has no hope of getting a ticket from the party in the 2018 MLA elections.
This is beneficial while breathing.
He said that the condition of the land is not suitable for human habitation and it is also a destruction of Shillong and the State as a whole.
He said the lotus flower has blossomed every day amidst the criticism of other political parties, but the people want the Modi government and the BJP government in Meghalaya.
It has been observed that these days the thinking among the people is not good and they don't think too much about others but only to improve themselves.
Nine of them are from Dimapur and three from Kohima.
In a post on his Facebook page, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the two persons are BSF personnel and the other person is BSF personnel. who has been in contact with one person who has not been infected in Ri Bhoi District.
The state of Meghalaya is blessed by God and has a rich heritage.
Drew also encouraged other film stars to support the protest of the Writers Guild members and said that perhaps with the cooperation of all, they will be heard and achieved. their prayer.
The villages of Maram, Nongtrai, Lyngngam, Muliang, Garo and a few Nepalis of Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division have now improved slightly in terms of intelligence, understanding and income due to the the growth of Christian church groups.
They celebrate Tirot Singh's day every year and remember and praise his words, “It is better to die as a free king than to rule as a slave king”. .
“The Auxillium Higher Secondary School is run by the Sisters of the FMA Congregation of the Catholic Church.
He said the Cooperation Department has set a target of setting up 2 lakh new PACS in the next five years and that there should be at least one PACS in every Panchayat of every village in the country.
In the final of the girls' category, Hillland Youth Sports & Cultural Club beat Rangthong Sports Club by 40-28 points.
“The enactment of Section 144 Cr.
Susalan Nongpluh Mr. Deilang Wan is the son of Nongpluh.
The teams that came to take part in the competition included 2 students from different government schools in these blocks.
The clash between the Karbi and Pnar has been going on for three months and both sides have banned travel between the two communities and stopped the trade in rice.
There will be no outside forces that can do anything.
He said the implementation of the project has started since 2014 and the meat processing plant has been funded by the National Agricultural Bank for Rural Development (NABARD) at a cost of Rs 7.83 crore.
At the same time, he said the NPP will contest in the entire Northeast in the upcoming MP elections.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The State Government has constructed 48 sports grounds in the year 2014-15 under the Mission Football scheme across the state.
To the South the best known rivers are Lubha, Bogapani and Kyrchiang or Jadukata which they flow through the plateau.
Nongstoiñ, March 3: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Langpih Area Unit, one of the branches of the organization, has been responsible for the issues of the community especially the issues of the people living in the area. border, congratulations to the MDA Government under the leadership of CM Conrad K. Sangma, to be able to immediately resolve the issue of the people living in the border areas who have been neglected. all the years.
The Governor also planted five soh trees in the grounds of the Raj Bhavan as part of the ceremony.
Shillong, Nailar 18: A member of the Garo National Liberation Council (GNLA) on Saturday escaped from Tura jail.
Regarding the construction of the 4-lane road in Nongpoh, CP Gotmare, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Dr. C Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning, HNAI officials including Lt. Colonel Rajeev Malhotra, Chairman of Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC), together with officers from PWD and DC office, conducted an inspection from Pahamrioh to Saiden. They also acknowledged that the construction of this four-lane road has not been completed according to the needs of the people.
“The land does not belong to the Assam government or the Meghalaya government but to the people of the area, they should not be afraid of such incidents,” he added.
Biti Jyrwa from the HNYF Women's Wing Central Body urged the parents to be thoughtful for their children to avoid being overly selfish. They should respect each other in dress, language, and marriage.
TTL District Project Management Unit, Samla Pynshngain, Team Leader DPMU together with office bearers of State Project Management Unit and other dignitaries.
Dongmihsngi beat West Madan Mustem 5-1 in the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
farmers will be able to use chemical fertilizers.
Therefore, we must ask, seek clarification from the Central Government and oppose if it does not listen to our demands regarding the Draft EIA 2020, otherwise we will have to prepare to face the challenges that will come. I don't know what to do tomorrow.
Yes, we should love our mother, all over the world loves her, but there is a limit.
According to the CAG, the DHS (MI) has placed an order for the month of July to June to M/s Arengh Medical Supplier, Tura to deliver 2 lakh bottles of dry syrup at the price of 70.40 per bottle and to M/s Wholesale Pharmaceutical, Shillong for 80,370 bottles at 90 tyngka per bottle.
Ticket price is T.500 each for those who wish to take part in the concert by the American band.
It may be recalled that the salaries of Deficit Teachers for the month of June 2014 have been released to all districts except East Khasi Hills District.
The reason for the doubts is because the same group had promised during the election campaign that if it wins, it will complete the 68 km from Nongstoiñ to Wah Blei within six months.
“With the joy that you have promised to be behind me until the end, I accept and take the decision to be your candidate,” said Bah SK Sun at the meeting. from all the villages in the Mawphlang Constituency.
“After the understanding of the union and if private individuals or contractors use force to bring in more migrant workers without proper documents, the union also they will take another route".
“I am grateful to all those involved in helping to support us from the private sector, various groups because the cost is high,” she said.
He said that he did not do this in a hurry, but he sent him away after hearing an unpleasant story from the people about the shop which he owns. home.
The six athletes who will take part in the tournament include Haphibansuk Lyngdoh Mawphlang in the 24kg category, Adriano Lyngdoh Mawphlang (25 kg), Cazillia Fenia Lyngdoh Mawphlang (28 kg), Cazillia Fenia Lyngdoh Mawphlang (28 kg). Susngi (36 kg), Ibalarisha Lyngdoh Nonglait (36 kg), Esha Mary Nongbri (40 kg), Justin N Marak (55 kg), Arun (40 kg) and Ishu (45 kg).
Besides encouraging the CoRP leaders not to retire or stop serving the people, Bah George B.Lyngdoh said that as party leaders when serving for the people, they should be vigilant. First of all, the issues that affect the people, because the goal of the party is to work for the people and when they work they should work or serve any issues that affect the people and the the whole nation.
He said the government has also suggested to the central government that schools run by church groups should be allowed to run their own schools, especially in this state where many schools are run by churches and have contributed. power to improve education.
He said that after examining the conditions in the state, the education opportunities for the higher classes up to college level will be extended once the conditions in the state have been examined. state.
The introduction of the Equitable Distribution of Ancestral Property Act will encourage the youth of Hynniewtrep and Garo to use their inheritance to borrow money from banks to set up their own businesses.
The Minister also directed the DCs and SDOs to visit and inspect from time to time the schools, hospitals, PHCs, CHCs and others, and to inform the Government through various agencies. computer science technology.
Rakkam Sangma, Minister of Education, said that the Reservation Policy is like burning a fire that can burn the entire state.
If you mean to go to a Place where you are “not sure", where you are still “doubtful", what is the Feeling inside a person's heart? Happiness or Fear? It is impossible to say in many churches – fear!! Have the Khasi, when they created this word “Artatien” to convey the meaning of “Bymthikna”, they have derived this meaning from the original words? Greek, Latin, Sanskrit? I am pleased to admit, even if the relationship is only here and there, that the ancient Khasi Adkhia had knowledge or contact with these ancient languages ​​which have become the sources of various languages ​​of today – To say “Jingtieng” in Greek, one of the words used is “deos” () which comes from the word “duo” (uo), or “Ar” in Khasi.
“This silence of the state government shows that the Meghalaya government is turning its back on the Assam government,” said the JSU leader. The Meghalaya State League will start on Thursday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium at 3pm.
Replying to this, the Minister said that it is very important to include it in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution as one of the languages ​​that have appeared in the state.
Looking at the whole of Meghalaya, many of the trade activities have been taken over by the authorities and foreigners and even the market, the police bazar which are the two leading markets in the state which used to be the property of the owners. However, they have now become the subjects of foreigners and mynder ri.
Shillong, November 17: “How are you, how are you”, these are the words of the Prime Minister as he stood up to address the people at a public meeting held on Saturday at the Square. Polo, Shillong.
Before distributing the gifts, the Waheh Shnong of Sarot I Man, Cherterfield Lyngdoh welcomed the members of Sarot I Man and handed over to Kyllimot Lhuid, Member of Sarot I Man to conduct the meeting. .
“I've been sleeping too long without hearing the light of the sun.
Now I don't have any money in my account,” said Das.
This means that many Christians feel that they are rich in their own feelings, rich in wealth, honor, knowledge, while they don't have anything spiritual inside their souls. name only within that Church which is led by man or people and not by the work of the Spirit of God, who fight against the Word of God, who change the Word of God without walking according to the Word of God, and they suffer greatly because of their spiritual blindness.
The girl did not tell her parents on the day of the incident, but on March
She also thanked her family members and parents who have supported her physically and spiritually who have always supported her whenever she goes out to participate around the country and abroad as well. .
?" Another asked, “They only give us only a shipliang of ja and jhur.
Prayer is not only a prayer, a request or a communion with God, but it is also a struggle, a plea, a struggle and a struggle in life.
This youth, who has been addicted to drugs for five years now, has decided to quit this evil habit by meeting with the leaders of the HYC who have taken him to Alive Again Hospital. Foundation in Guwahati, Assam.
Thus, what is measured by calculations can be called Kelvin to match the light.
This has led to conflict and exchange of words between the opposition and the ruling party.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) at the Secretariat today, Prestone, who is also the Chairman of the High Level Committee, said that they will meet again. pat on the 25th of this month for the purpose of speeding up the work.
This was seen at the exhibition exhibited by the students of the Rama Krishna Mission held on Tuesday.
Shillong, Naitung 9: The Western Ri Bhoi Joint Action Committee (WRBJAC) has been formed by the WRBDC, FKJGP, HANM, CORP, RBYF and WRBJAC. in order to eradicate the backwardness of the western Ri Bhoi region.
Group-G, Bokaro: Sail Football Academy, Bokaro (Jharkhand), KR Football Leaders (Uttarakhand), Rajasthan United FC (Rajasthan), Madan Maharaj FC (Madhya Pradesh), Adani Sarguja Football Academy (Chhattisgarh).
Shillong: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast no rainfall in Shillong, Sohra and Umiam today.
In the regulated market, only three major agricultural products have been sold, namely Phan, Synsar and Sla Tyrpad.
“Furthermore, the Minister also expressed his concern for the testing of up to 14,500 children.
JOWAI: The Model Code of Conduct for the two district council elections, the JHADC and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has come into force on the 2nd.
“It’s a mother.
They said that the BDO has said that the witnesses to prove that they are full citizens are through ration cards, electricity bills, gas cards and a certificate from the Rangbah Shnong.
He is free from hard work because his household income is less than T20,500 per month.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, as a leader who is well versed and knows all the facts on the development of the state.
The Marams in those years discovered a cure for khieshohrieh, which was hur kthang by eating.
Thus, to this day, there is a kur conflict between the Nongkhlaw and Sutnga chiefs.
Other questions that arise are, how can the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare send these vaccines to prevent the spread of the disease without completing a proper test that can prove that the vaccine is true? who is ready to drink.
It will operate throughout the state through Enterprise Facilitation Centers (EFCs) in 39 blocks with about 47,400 sectors.
The meeting was conducted by the Organizing Secretary of the KSU, Samla Ostanic Marbaniang.
The offices are IIM Shillong, NIFT, Meghalaya Assembly, Information Technology Park, Urban Park, Shillong International Center for Performing Arts and Culture, Guest Houses of Nagaland and Mizoram, Reid Chest Hospital, Hindi Institute, English and Foreign. Language University and many others are still working.
The HNYF leaders did not look into those buildings according to the reply to the RTI during the inspection.
The duration of treatment we had set for them was 4 months, but we extended it because there were still new recruits.
The raids were conducted at the homes of people suspected of involvement in the theft and smuggling of explosives and ammunition from Mizoram to Myanmar.
When I fight, I fight for the people.
Police suspected the man had been murdered.
This is the second time that the village and the school have celebrated the World Literacy Day. The desire to improve the quality of education in the village so that the educated youth will emerge in order to bring about change in the village.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that he will continue the strike from Saturday if the government does not respond as demanded.
Speaking on the issue of air pollution in Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi, Conrad said that the issuance of licenses may not be the way forward as the State is still focusing on job creation but the government has cannot be enforced with a penalty against those who violate the law.
Besides, Bah PT Sawkmie also informed that he will build an office for the SHGs, as they have requested him and he will also provide assistance of 5000 tyngka to these 10 SHGs. The MLA also visited Rosario Secondary School, Mawsiatkhnam for the construction of classrooms and also the Mawsiatkhnam Presbyterian LP School for the maintenance.
Former Sordar of the village, Bah Slikshon Hoojon, asked for clarification from the people whether they want to stay in Meghalaya or go to Assam. They raised only one voice and said that they want to stay in Meghalaya.
In this mock exercise, an earthquake measuring 8.7 on the Richter Scale was based on the example of an earthquake, collapse of houses and fires.
He said the government will have to wait for the investigation to submit its report and thus no decision will be taken to punish those involved.
Shillong: About 300 Garo people marched in Shillong today to express their demand for Garo Land.
“They may say that we are the ones who break the law but look at who is the one who breaks the law, the female teachers are also beaten by the male policemen and they are beaten up by the police and the children are not counted. “They shoot us with bombs in front of us. We are breaking the law and we are the law enforcement agencies,” he said.
The meeting was held at Jowai in the presence of Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills BS Sohliya, SP of WJH Chemphang Syrti, Dy SP CW Lyngdoh and other senior officials. meeting.
It is to be recalled that the demand of the employees of Ambulance 108 is to increase their salaries when they have worked overtime, to increase the number of employees so as not to force the existing employees to work. the remaining money and other needs.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paia B Synrem, Vice Chairman of the Lumsohpet Bneng Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie, said that the preparations for the annual Lumsohpet Bneng Committee will be held on the 5th of this month. this month.
Speaking to media, Assistant General Manager of Mission Smile Dipul Malakar said that the team has already treated four children in the past few days and told the 21 The remaining 10 will be completed in the month of April.
For how to store and store food or if you are interested in expanding your business assistance for how to store and store food throughout the state of Meghalaya .
India Today said the BJP election candidate has not promised to deposit Rs 15 lakh in the accounts of the residents.
But the faces of the beasts fell to the ground.
Junely Siangshai scored the first goal for Pamrakmai in the 31st minute.
However, despite many problems and neglect of the PHC by the government, the Doctor in charge of the PHC, Dr.M.Mazundar has been able to run smoothly despite many shortcomings until it has been able to has been awarded as one of the best PHCs in the state by the National Health Mission.
Thangrai VNRMC and Ïonglajong Musical and Cultural Organization, Mawlangwir also performed a song.
“In this regard, the union strongly opposes because these people are illegal residents and have no right to apply to the Forest Department to convert Mahadev Khola as their residence. “We demand that the Forest & Environment Department should not accept the request of these people to change their residence in this area,” he said.
The color blue is for freedom, truth and peace.
These objectives are to encourage and attract more people to join the group and to intensify the activities as planned by the leaders.
Nongpoh, Nailar 09: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District together with the Office of the District Sports Officer will hold the Independence Day Run 2022 for men and women as part of the celebration of Independence Day Run. Independence Day of India.
The bodies were shifted to the Civil Hospital, Nongpoh for post mortem.
If I accuse him of being involved in illegal activities in Ampati or Mahendraganj, how will he feel about that accusation?
It is also true that Johnny Nongrum, after winning the title in Lucknow, has got the opportunity to represent the country in the upcoming Muaythai tournament. long ha in Cambodia.
The chief guest on the occasion was Ma Silbinus Sukhalin, Lad-Sutnga, one of the contractors in East Jaintia Hills.
The new Chairman of the Laitkor Dorbar Pyllun, Bah Arun, said that the actions of Bah Ardent have upset the members of the Dorbar and he has been condemned inside the Dorbar. count snap to others.
Of these 14 cases, one is from Nagaon, two from Hojai, Biswanath and Nalbari districts.
Mustafizur Rahman, who is studying 6th Semester BSc in the Department of Chemistry at USTM, is among the 36 students in the world who have been selected for this programme. The scholarship covers universities in Poland, France, Spain, Slovenia and USA. Email from Prof Alejandro A.Franco, i-MESC EMJM Coordinator, France said that after a thorough review of Mustafizur's application, he has been placed on the main list among the selected candidates and that he is eligible for admission from for the Erasmus Mundus Joint Master Scholarship to continue their studies under the i-MESC, which will start from November
I want to ask you what is your favorite and no?.
However, the District Council's decision to install waste traps or garbage cans from the households to prevent the dumping of garbage into the streams which carry garbage back to the rivers, has not been successful. your purpose has failed.
This is the way the Congress party and other parties have done the same.
Tlum bad tlam, now this time as this MDA II will complete 2 months, our state will also complete 2 months of load shedding.
Shillong: Sushmita Dey, MP President of the All India Congress Committee (Mahilla), has strongly criticized the Narendra Modi government for increasing the price of petrol, diesel, kerosene and other beverages. She said that the Modi government is a government of the rich and does not care about the poor and the people of Assam. They have elected the BJP and thus in this MP election, they will elect the Congress again to come to power.
They will continue to work hard to protect the Wah at any time for the sake of the livelihood of the households in this area.
The opposition party has also alleged that the dismissal of these retired officers came at a time when the Lokayukta found that there was suspicion of corruption in an MLA who is a relative. of the Chief Minister of the State.
The people have been lined up since 7:00 pm to cast their votes at all the Polling Stations. In Nongstoin, 29629 voters from all Polling Stations including 10751 males and 14878 females turned up to cast their votes. The total number of voters was 22679 which is 76.543%.
During the tenure of Dr. Mukul Sangma, a High Level Committee headed by Bah Bindo Lanong was set up, in which the HLC recommended to the state government at that time to implement the On the other hand, Bah Nicky Nongkhlaw, Working President of the National Youth NPP, said that the state government has not accepted the decision of the HLC. The leadership of Conrad K. Sangma is still struggling to improve what the previous government had destroyed, because the laws that the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma introduced earlier, still have many shortcomings.
However, unfortunately, none of the Minister of Urban Affairs or Government officials such as the Chief Secretary and others have believed, but have listened and ignored the demands and suggestions of the land dealers who are also residents. village," said Angela.
It is clear that India is a SECULAR Country.
The presence of a Blood Bank at the Civil Hospital and the implementation of the Civil Hospital in Ialong will help the people to avoid deaths especially in the event of sudden illnesses and traffic accidents on the NH- 44.
He thought in his heart that there were those who judged him whether they were his fellow workers or perhaps other people but he didn't know because he hadn't met them face to face.
The Director of District Military Welfare Board, Retired Colonel GK Rai gave a speech of encouragement to those who attended the programme.
The decision was taken by the SSA teachers, who number more than 12,400, because since June until now they have not received their salaries, which they are waiting for to meet all the needs of the household.
We will sit down to meet with various groups and we hope to receive the reports soon,” he said.
The doctors at the hospital include Medicine, Paediatrician, Surgery and ENT. The Out Patient Department (OPD) includes ECG, Endoscopy, X-ray, Ultra Sound (Scanning) and Laboratory, said Dr Kharshiing. .
Due to the darkness of the night, the police saw the torch light and opened fire to frighten those who went to turn towards Assam.
Students have resumed their studies after a long holiday on 1st November 2019, although students have continued their studies for a long time, 1st semester students especially it was received with great joy and revelation.
Shillong: "As the CEM of KHADC, I express my deep sorrow over the incident which happened today at Umlaper, Block II, Ri-Bhoi District. Rupsing Teron, EM KAAC and Pardeep Rongpi came to inaugurate the stadium.
There are currently 195 Americans who have just returned from Wuhai, Hubei Province, who are suspected of having the disease and are currently undergoing medical examination at the Southern Military Hospital. California.
The Minister was responding to a question by the MLA of AITC Ampati, Miani D Shira.
The party leader (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh was the leader from the beginning until his death.
The District Councils, which oversee the work of the Syiems/Doloi, Raij/Elaka Dorbars and Dorbar Shnongs, also do not have the funds to allocate to them to carry out various development works. They rely on the State Government to provide them with funds.
Shortly after, at about 4 pm, Biren Singh wrote on Twitter, “At this crucial moment, I would like to clarify that I will never step down from the post of Prime Minister.
As we know, to reduce the cost of using these types of meters, the Government will have to increase the bill lights of the people, which means that the bill will increase at least to many times the usual price. /use.
Venkaiah Naidu will be the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs in the new BJP government, while Nitin Gadkari will hold the Ministry of Transport.
Saket Gokhale, who is in Shillong to attend the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress rally and accompany TMC leader Mamata Banerjee, told reporters that If Prestone Tynsong hasn't done anything wrong, he shouldn't be afraid, but he should come forward, but he is a thief and he has destroyed the hopes of the people of Meghalaya with his actions. steal and plunder his people from the people.
Hek said that Syiem Tirot Singh is a farsighted Syiem who listens to the opinion of the people before taking any decision.
“I announce the steps taken by the government to evict the Harijan residents from Mawlong Market, but the question is why you need to allocate more land for them.
The state government has allocated 3 percent jobs for PWDs in government departments.
Shillong, Nailar 21: Two youths have died yesterday after they went swimming in the Synrang Hati River, which falls within the border of Laitmynrieng village.
According to the agreement between the leaders of the two parties, the post of Chief Executive Member will be headed by an NPP MDC and this has gone to Ma Thombor Shiwat from Nartiang Umladang while the post of Chairman will go to an MDC from Nartiang Umladang. The UDP and this went to the MDC who won for the first time, Ma Lakhon Biam from Nangbah.
Previous investigations have revealed that there were several groups of aides following and supporting ISIS militants in India.
When he joined the Congress, the Congress did not give him a ticket, because they had already reached an agreement with the scientist from Nongstoiñ.
“We at Star Public School Lumshnong, because we encourage the children to plant trees, shrubs, plants, flowers which are part of the education they receive from school, this is the I urge other schools to take this as one of the parts of the school until it has achieved the title of the best school in India. train the children in school in the fields.
On the other hand, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh General Secretary of FKJGP, RI-Bhoi District, urged the government not to play politics on this road to mislead the people as the elections are approaching, but to clean it up immediately. The government has recently announced that it has allocated Rs 114 crore through the World Bank, but till now there is no sign of starting to clean the road.
Shillong was once known as the capital of education especially in the North East.
Hamekordor Mylliem scored the second goal in the 60th minute for Mawpdang SC to win the match.
This comes two days after the Shillong Bar Association (SBA) office caught fire which is suspected to have been caused by a faulty electrical wire.
The Manipur government this month said that the state security forces have so far recovered more than 1,000 firearms stolen by gangs. since the clashes and bloodshed in Manipur on 3rd June.
The incident comes a month after Taliban militants killed nine civilians of the same ethnic group and then looted and destroyed their homes in Ghazni province. last month, according to a report by Amnesty International.
Therefore, the Maram, the Lyngngam, the Bhoi, the Khyriam and the War are not Khasi.
(1) Primer – Using a primer is the best way to beautify yourself.
In the second half, the match became more intense as the finalists fought hard to score and become the winners of the tournament.
The Church itself has listened to all these but it is at this time that the members of the Church can no longer listen and therefore it has been decided to hand over to the Dorbar Shnong to take the necessary action and hand over to the law enforcement authorities. you can file a complaint about this incident.
The MPUF has started construction of the house since June 2021 and handed over the house to Kong Ar on 18th October
Undoubtedly, the joining of MDCs, especially at this time when the Congress is in power, will strengthen the BJP in this state with a large Christian population.
Carnes Sohshang, candidate of the Indian National Congress (INC), said that if the Congress comes to power, the main objective is to help the families of women to provide T. 1,000 tyngka per month, households in the State will no longer experience power outages, to create employment opportunities for one person per household across the State and to provide cleanliness management to except for the food.
Expressing their condolences, the leaders of the Union, including Bah Belty Syiemlieh, President, Bah Felix Syngkli, Secretary and members of the Union, today visited the temple. The cow, which was in the area, and they strongly defeated the robbers, who came to break into the river.
If they look at the list within 5 years, they have not completed only the leaders but the people.
“I comfort them because I have to buy time until the soldiers come to rescue,” said Rachel.
Roy, Executive Members Prof.Don Kupar War, Dr.Malay Dey, Prof.(Smt.
They live by farming but they don't plant trees except in those places where they cultivate lyngkha.
However, 5.9 lakh cases have been reported worldwide in the past six months.
The ITC Sunfeast is trying to recruit talented and enthusiastic football players from various schools and clubs during these six months.
“Compared to the revenue collection in the previous month of April, it was T.1.36 crore,” said the Minister in reply to a question by the VPP North Shillong Leader, Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
At the meeting held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong, which was also part of the opening of the election campaign, Kong Ampareen sought the full support of the leaders and office bearers of Jaintia Hills. She also informed that she will soon visit all the villages of the district to seek their support.
Since 1921, the rule of India...by the Foreign Government has begun to change...Perhaps in 40 years from now, many Indians will take the place of the French...and it is up to us. to surprise people to think about their country in relation to that new government...We don't have to sleep anymore.
The biggest change in the political system is the resignation of the current Sitting MLAs.
He said that for example you know all the Congress MLAs have fled and even the four who have been suspended the Congress has already nominated candidates so to say that the Congress is working with the BJP is not there. But it is only because the four are working with the government that the Congress will be blamed.
Mawpat will be the 45th block in the state to be announced this month after a land dispute with Mawlai.
“If these mynder really come and attack and the village guards bomb and tie them, how will the Government do,” he said.
This species is commonly used in the United States and India as well for cooking.
“In the last two years, we’ve faced a lot of challenges.
Replying to a question on the unity of the Opposition in the House, Bah Ardent said it is not true that they are not united but when anyone talks about the unity of the Opposition, means that unity is only possible when under the same flag.
Bah Shangpliang is currently the Director of Social Welfare and other government departments.
Rupang: Bah Lber, we understand that you have been fighting in the Supreme Court since 2015 for the release of coal mining in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Besides, the KSU leader said that these BSF troops have been stationed in Amlarem for about six months.
Speaking to reporters in Guwahati, Gadkari said projects worth 2,89,425 projects have been implemented in the North East in the last 10 years and these projects include those that have already been completed. are being implemented and will be implemented.
The contribution of ASHAs to the health of the country and the State is enormous.
In Tura constituency, there were only two candidates, Purno A Sangma of the NPP and Daryl Ch Momin of the Congress.
On the same day, a music video entitled “I"U MYNSIEM" by Shema Shillong was also released by Rev.RM Kharbuki.
Until now, 50 lakh workers in the Brahmaputra area of ​​Assam have received T.167 per day, while those in the Barak area have received T.145 per day.
Ms D Challam explained how MCSWA works and also the drugs to avoid drug addiction.
The leader of the taxi drivers said that such things are unacceptable and destructive to the nation.
Addressing the party workers and supporters, Dr Mukul Sangma said, “We will work hard and we will not rest until we can bring peace to the people of Meghalaya, especially those who have lost their lives. “We will work together to stop such attacks from time to time,” said Dr Mukul Sangma.
In Singapore, they have done the same, by telling the public those who have contracted these diseases, so that others who have contact with them, should know how to protect themselves.
Pala also explained that the app is not available offline and does not need to be available online.
It is learned that Salman's killing of blackbucks has affected the people of Rajasthan and the tyngshop has been in jail for this reason.
Immediately, Lydia got up to clean up the dishes and put water on the fire to drink with Hep.
The prizes for the winners of the dancing competition are 1st 50,000, 2nd 30,000, 3rd 25,000 and 10 Consolation prizes.
“I saw the Indian flag on his parachute and I knew he was from India,” Chaudhry said.
“Naik's statement that the MUDA Act applies to the entire Shillong Master Plan and MUDA is not a foreigner, has shown in my mind that Naik has not read the Meghalaya Town & Country Act properly. The Planning Act, 1973”, he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: U Congress candidate from Mawlai, Bah Teibor Pathaw, on Tuesday said that the people of this election for the MDC elections to the KHADC should turn around and sleep well to elect a person to serve. right to them.
The village leader said that the rangbah is a good person and that he has no bad signs in the village, because he is a person who is ready to cooperate with the village authorities. but it is not known why the robbers had to kill the enemy or cut off the body.
It’s a feeling I can’t explain anymore.
This is the second victory of Ryntih SC in the tournament from the last three games, where they lost 1-0 to Ryntih SC. Speaking to T7, Wallamkupar Kharpran, coach of Ryntih SC, said that from the beginning of the match, he decided to focus on the goal of scoring three points. Reson Malngiang has replaced Andy Mawthoh in the second half and Robert Khongjoh has been introduced. Allan Lyngdoh Nongbri, as part of the strengthening of the team.
However, the presence of such colleges (Khrawsing Christian College) gives hope to many youth,” he added.
He said that there are many complaints about the implementation of this scheme but the Society is trying to resolve them.
In human nature, he should be wise to associate with friends and should try not to enter their homes or take anyone to his own home because he does not know their trick.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that all the youths returning to Meghalaya should be tested through Thermal Testing, Rapid Test Kits and PCR Test to confirm the results. You have the corona virus in your body.
This year, he will also be seen in Tiger 3 directed by Maneesh Sharma and Tiger vs Pathaan directed by Siddharth Anand.
Forty field officers have also been appointed to assist the PACSs in the smooth running of their activities.
So the Israelites have walked blindly to this day.
For this reason, a complaint has been lodged against the Tech Park.
The main purpose of this is that the free entry of high paid people into small areas for various purposes, causes many problems.
This violates the rights of the candidate parties and the Model Codes of Conduct,” they said.
And God saw the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth.
“She said that she came from Rambrai nine months ago and the road was very bad and now they have a perfect road.
Dr Manas said other issues include the conflict with the leaders, the decline in income, the implementation of Hindi in the North Eastern States which has not been accepted by the people of the region.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, Bah Tyllilang Myrthong, said that the Joint Registrar on 11th July has issued this order under Articles 25 and 26 of the Constitution. the Constitution of the country whereby any organization or individual may register a Society on behalf of a religious group in the country.
Mawkyrwat Police Traffic has rushed to the scene and the body of the deceased has been taken to CHC Mawkyrwat for post mortem.
We need to work together, understand and unite".
Zikzak is a constituency in the constituency of Dr Mukul Sangma's wife Dikanchi Shira, MLA from Mahendra Ganj Constituency.
Satan Lucifer, in his wisdom and selfishness, boasted, saying, “I am a god, I sit in the throne of God in the midst of the seas. O God, thou hast put it in my heart, as the heart of God" Ezekiel 28:2-1
The discussion began with the opening remarks by Bah Toki Blah in which he gave five minutes to the speakers to express their views on the theme. The audience was allowed to ask questions on this central topic from the Shemphangs who were present.
That was just before the rebuilding of the Third Temple in Jerusalem began.
“On the 11th of this month, a clash broke out between the Pnars and Karbis living on the border of Meghalaya and Assam at Khanduli village, West Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong on 4th June, Prestone said, “We have just started to use the nomination papers for the Mini Secretariat and the The work has just started and we will wait for a year or more for it to be completed and everything will be transferred to Pynursla Civil Sub Division”.
Ladthadboh and Demthring have qualified for the quarter final of the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament, while Kseh Sylle and Madankynsaw have won the third division football tournament. The WJDSA held a meeting at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Thursday.
For the latest information, follow @thejcbprize on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Speaking to media, Bah Martle said that many of the issues that he wants to address are many and that they cannot be addressed anymore because the price of culture and governance has declined especially in the state. hi all.
From Mei Mawbuh, they climbed back to the top of Lum Sohpetbneng, where they performed the thanksgiving ceremony before the 'Mawkhan u Mawblei' who was the disciple of the visitor. The covenant that the signs were clear, as if through the lengbah of the lengsan, that the Tymmen u San, immediately rose again on the altar of the dupat of Sohpetbneng, to perform the ainguh aidem, after the work had been completed. the beginning was fulfilled from the beginning.
Shillong: The Commissioner & Secretary, Transport Department, today announced that the implementation of odd and even numbers for vehicles in all districts of the State has been suspended. However, it will continue to operate only for vehicles in Shillong and will operate from 16th November
The Additional Chief Conservator of Forests, Bah BK Lyngwa spoke on the theme of the celebration of World Environment Day.
“I accept the decision of the people but we didn't think we would suffer so much,” she said.
When we look at the news that today our CM has talked to the Union Minister DONER, about the improvement of roads to Garo, while Ri-Bhoi has forgotten even if there are 2 NPP MLAs, The PDF is the only opposition party.
It is because Jesus (God) has not been allowed to enter and run politics and the rule of law that the political system will be in turmoil and in the rule of law only wickedness will spread. corruption, corruption and other evils that cannot be stopped.
Marak and General Secretary Bah FC Shullai.
The election of office bearers of Mukhaialong Village was held on 30th June in the presence of the Dolloi of Jowai District, Ma Puramon Kynjing.
Many people passed by the area and saw these women but no one asked except the Assistant Rangbah Shnong, Bah Hubert Marbaniang who came to ask them to leave. Except for him, none of the village officials came to meet and talk with these women.
Umrit SC and Mulait United have won two matches in the Meghalaya State League 2023 today.
Who is the wiser then? Are you the people of Sohiong constituency or are you the MLA of the NPP? The answer of the people of Sohiong has shocked the leaders and supporters of the NPP. They did not expect that the people would give that answer by defeating the UDP candidate who is also the owner of the NPP. The late MLA, Bah H Donkupar Roy Lyngdoh.
In addition, in terms of law and order, the two districts have decided to work together to maintain peace and order in the border villages of Assam and Meghalaya.
(4) A woman who marries a foreigner shall lose her Khasi rights and shall follow her husband.
It is estimated that the man was between 30-40 years old and about 5.5 ft tall.
This is their first season in the tournament but although they have played but they have to go home without scoring any points.
The meeting was conducted by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Jowai Municipal Board, Kong DV Lyngdoh in the presence of MDCs Evening Teron, Ailad Bhoi, Nominated MDC Octomewot Lamin and Waheh Shnongs from different villages of Jowai. The Khasi College, which is in the midst of celebrating its Golden Jubilee, has succeeded in holding another Inter School Invitational Futsal Competition for boys.
As soon as she called, she said that he took the flower and ran away but later he threw away the flower.
Speaking to reporters, Rymbui said the state government intends to distribute scholarships in four categories according to the recommendation of the state government to the central government. The scholarship for students studying MBBS and Engineering will be increased to T.35000/- per annum.
He appealed to the opposition that while they have already sent their issues to the Assembly, it would be better for them to sit down together to discuss various issues which will not stay if they bring such meaningful issues.
Lohe said that to expel the foreign minister from Nagaland is easy because the state has enough documents, but under the CAB, those authorities who have been appointed Those who have lived in Assam and other states of the region for seven years will become Indian citizens and those who have been residents in Assam and other states of the region will be able to live peacefully in Kohima and Dimapur as well. .
“This shows the weakness of the government which is accompanied by the desire for power,” Kohli said.
“As of now, we intend to contest from all constituencies and we hope that we will not be just syiem but will lead the government,” said Bah Metbah.
The party has also convened an emergency meeting with the Waheh Shnongs of the area and the VDPs to explain to them to be ready to prevent the entry of Dkhars from Assam through their villages.
“Most of the candidates though will be our allies (because they belong to the coalition), hence where the question on differences of opinion regarding the progress of the state comes from.
Furthermore, the union expressed to the Assistant Manager that the complaints of the union through email, WhatsApp and phone calls to the Jio employees in charge of the area are frequent. however, the staff did not take action on the complaint.
Money can buy sleep but it cannot give you a good night's sleep.
Neither shall men make a bread for them in mourning, to console them for the dead: neither shall they give them the cup of consolation for their father, or for their mother.
The main purpose of this article is to encourage the readers of the State not to waste even one vote by going in order to cast their votes voluntarily, with joy, without being forced or induced, without being bought with money or without being charged with gifts or property to their Candidates or Agents.
The Court also ordered the payment of Rs 3 lakh to Judge Katakey in addition to other costs.
Fear of Corona is not a Corona virus that doesn't kill anyone, but it is not a breath of fresh air, because it can be cured through proper treatment.
The KSU leader also alleged that the silence of the Indian government is a disregard by the central government for the decision of the State Legislative Assembly.
“Since the MDA government came to power in the state, I and the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma have visited Delhi seven times to discuss the lifting of the ban on coal mining from the Home Ministry and the Ministry of Home Affairs. Coal Ministry, but because the MUA Government under the leadership of Dr.
As it is written: No eye has seen, no ear has heard, no mind has conceived – what God has prepared FOR THOSE WHO LOVE HIM" 1 Corinthians 2:9.
Besides, the cleanliness of the parks in the ponds in Mawphanlur attracts a lot of tourists.
“I have spoken to the officials from Delhi, why can't they, they should be able to.
On this occasion, there was an interesting program which included speeches, reports, songs and traditional dances from the members of the kur.
At that time, a lyngkien blood was seen on the ground.
The answer is that they will undoubtedly form a government together because as it turns out, no party will win alone to form a government.
BR Kharlukhi and PR Kyndiah have been appointed as MPs but the state government has not approved them.
Meanwhile, Biplab, who speaks Hindi, said that the beating of people by the mob just by hearing the bad news is unacceptable.
The love of God is still evident in every human being to this day.
At present, tourism is one of the sources of employment and will develop the community as well as the state.
In the celebration of the Silver Jubilee of the Presbyterian Church Plasha Nongbah, the foundation stone was laid to commemorate the 25th Anniversary of the Church.
He said that after the Urban Development Department, together with the High Level Committee (HLC) appointed by the government, they have proceeded to evacuate the people living in the metor area in the Iew-Mawlong area. , through the proposals to relocate those residents to another place which the government has already proposed and prepared as well.
The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has said that the party will not be a reason to overthrow any government.
He said that it is a matter of pride for the village and especially for the country and the nation as a whole.
You can also send your online audition to 8259967432 / 7005677716 or call the same numbers.
He added that the cleaning of this river will be a great blessing to the residents of Damsite and Mawdun area.
according to the teachings of the Presbyterian Church.
There is also a similarity in the naming and purpose of building the ziggurats and Babel.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, said that the RBYF has held this public meeting not to support Bah Angelus Sun, but as a welfare organization, it cannot. without being concerned to see the chaos in the villages just because of the post of Rangbah Shnong, which has also affected the peace and order and development in the villages.
Also from Tpep-Pale to Iawmusiang, from Mission Compound to Iawmusiang/DC Office.
The scheme was launched with an investment of Rs 20,000 crore for five years from 2020-21 to 2024-25 in all States/Union Territories.
The injured were taken to Khliehriat CHC for treatment.
According to the elders of the Seiñ Raij Tuber, on the day of the ritual, the villages in the riverbank went up to the riverbank and completed the ritual. The next day, the river branches will descend to the top of the river and these too will have to complete the ritual at the Lyngdoh's house in Tuber.
“We have a lot of chronic illnesses in the state and so to prevent that, all measures have been taken to prevent anyone from affecting the health of the residents, but this has not been done to stop the trade from outside.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 29: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday demanded that the State Government should immediately cancel the letter issued by the officer of the Social Welfare Department which misrepresented the KHAD (Khasi Social Custom of Lineage) Act, 1997.
All the political parties including the Mizo National Front (MNF) and the BJP have written to the ECI to postpone the polling date as November 3 falls on Sunday. There are no Christians in Mizoram.
The residents of Jaintia Hills, Block-I and Block-II in Ri-Bhoi District want to come to Meghalaya after being involved for decades in the conflict zone with Assam and Block-II. There have been many incidents in the area because the people do not want to go to Assam as Assam has been invading from time to time.
The Israeli army on Tuesday shocked the Palestinian authorities by informing them that Israeli troops are on the ground in Gaza. Hamas militants have destroyed several crematoria, and dozens of people are believed to have been killed in the attack in Israel.
Speaking on Sitharaman's remarks at a press conference, Shivakumar said the CM had sent a letter to the Election Commission on October 28 seeking permission to hold the election. High-Power Committee meeting to clarify all requirements regarding assistance to refugees affected by natural disasters, including assistance on disasters Karnataka.
“I don't have an estimate of how many of these pipes have reached the state but some of them are from the divisions that the department has found and the Chief Engineer has already sent them back.
The power and the will is yours.
“I believe that it (the MDA government) has failed.
Speaking to reporters, Edappadi, who was in Chennai, after laying the foundation stone for the development works, said that before the release of water from the Mettur dam, For the distribution of drinking water to the Delta region on July 12, 2013, the government should have first looked into the water requirement and supplied it to the farmland.
Meanwhile, Bah Louis Mukhim, Sordar Shnong of Diengpasoh Pyllun, said that the HANM Shilliang Umkhen Circle under the leadership of Bah Lamphrang Kharbani has come forward to clarify the allegations. Sordar Village.
The cleanliness drive was attended by the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong, Members of the Village Council, Kong GM Kharpuri MDC of the area and who was also the chief guest. She is also the Executive Member of KHADC, in charge of the Forest Department.
Because I’m sure no one knows as much as you do.
He said that these two voters are low from time to time. He said that in Shillong constituencies, the number of voters is low and the reason may be that in Shillong there are many voters. Young people who work and study abroad, just to come to vote may find it difficult, in Shillong in every household there are always those who study or work abroad.
If we don't have the Mass Movement, we can't achieve our goal with KAS alone,” said Bah Kynpham.
However, the talks on Thursday did not reach anywhere and therefore they could not decide on a strong protest.
Shillong, July 28: The rumor that the Aadhaar number is linked to the wild beast or number 666 is not true.
It is learned that the union has demanded up to T.50 lakh from the two abductees, whose salary is only T.4,000 per month.
You shall not choose like a fish.
MeECL officials said that out of the debt of T.7.07 crore till April 2012, the company has requested permission to forgive T.4.66 crore, which is the amount of T.4.66 crore. MeECL, which has borrowed T.102.76 crore for its operations, has increased the price of T.102.76 crore to the company. Shillong, March 8: The protest groups demanding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) have decided to suspend the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP). The protest will be held from 10th to 16th March due to the request of religious groups in the state.
In another question, Bah PT Sawkmie (Congress) asked whether the order was to arrest or kill him and how many policemen went to the search. “The police have no right to kill anyone, the police should protect against bad incidents and arrest those involved in crimes. The government has launched a judicial inquiry into the death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
The Soil & Water Conservation Department has started taking steps to protect watersheds and improve habitats to combat climate change by conducting tree planting programmes. planted 2.5 million trees, including soh trees, in 466 villages in all districts of the state.
Nongpoh, Lber 07: Looking back on the recently held elections in the state, the people of Ri Bhoi District have already cast their votes in all the constituencies in the state. Jirang Constituency is a different election where the development projects brought by the MLA have not worked properly. The Congress Party has been elected as the candidate.
Police arrested the three last night.
At the meeting, held on 28th March 2017, at Mawryngkneng, the union decided to give a “shitaiew” to the government to take action on the demand of the Union to ban the vehicles from outside the state to illegally carry dewbilat from Lumshnongng and to distribute it around the Hynniewtrep Hills.
Shillong, July 21: A group of 10-12 unidentified robbers have shot and beaten a foreigner named Md.Nabibor Ali this morning. ,22 years old until he died, and after they found him dead, they dumped his body near the Polo Petrol Pump, Demseiniong, Shillong.
“We have received 50 doses, but so far no one has received the vaccine.
On Friday, a mob of more than 5,000 people from different villages raided these prisoners and arrested them in a forest area near Shangpung village.
The employees of the vehicle shot dead Bah Bigstar Lyngdoh, husband of Hundalin Nongkhlaw, on Friday night after a clash between the two.
The Executive Member incharge of the Elaka, Bah Jambor War, in an interview with the media on Tuesday, said, “The main reason why the Executive Committee through the Elaka Department has decided to hold the The election was held after Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem, who was temporarily suspended due to complaints and investigations into allegations, resigned as the full Syiem of the Hima. Millions.
May the Skul Seng Khasi continue to educate the children on the basis of the nation.
Confirming this, the Chief Minister and NPP President Conrad K Sangma recalled that the NPP General Assembly recently in Shillong, has decided to contest MP elections in all 25 constituencies. don't be afraid of India.
The big question before the Chairman and the Committee is, “How can a Minister of the Government who holds the post of Interior Secretary suddenly become rich? The investigation was successful and Albert Fall, the Interior Secretary, was found guilty of corruption and was sentenced and imprisoned.
At the meeting, which was attended by thousands of people, it was decided to give time to the government by 10th July to commission the new factory of MCCL, while the workers will continue to work. unemployed and unpaid residence.
Shillong: Members of the Confederation of Meghalaya (Confederation of Meghalaya) led by Bah Roykupar Synrem, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Matsiewdor War Nongbri to discuss the implementation of the District Task. Force Committee to investigate.
At your request I have brought an article on the arrest of Kiang Nangbah who is the chief prosecutor and ringleader of the anti-government struggle in these rural areas.
There are 3419 Polling Stations in 59 Constituencies.
The current clashes between Assam and Mizoram are in parts of Cachar, Hailakandi and Karimganj districts of the Barak Valley.
Shillong, Naitung 13: Congress MDC from Damascus Constituency Ditarson D Shira has been suspended from the party, according to a statement from the District Congress. The North Garo Hills Committee has admitted that it has taken the decision to suspend Shira after he violated the rules of the Congress Party.
The decision was taken this morning in Delhi, according to sources.
Sanchisa Sangma took 2/28 and Awesa G Momin took 1/22 for the loss of three wickets.
The KSU said that these are the signs that show that the Khasi of old were a far-sighted people who thought far and wide about the society, the environment and especially the future of the future generations. come.
He said the government has already released Rs 120 crore for the improvement of 46 blocks at a cost of Rs 3 crore each.
Women are not worried about the conflict between India and Pakistan.
Nongpoh: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi-Umiam Area, Ri Bhoi District, today sent a petition to the Chief Executive Member (CEM), Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to remove the three Dorbar Shnongs, which the State Government has planned to include in the Census Town List.
When asked about the freight railway, the CEM said that at present they have not been able to talk about the passenger railway or the freight railway, because the government has just asked for the land to build it. the railway line where the council does not want to approve this.
Guwahati: Mrinal Hazarika, leader of the ULFA, has strongly criticized Hojai MLA Shiladitya Dev, who leads 26 Bengali organizations, for wanting to support the government. Hazarika said Dev should face punishment for his wrongdoing.
This has led to the lack of peace in the area.
Nongstoiñ, March 12: Mawthadraishan Mountain is the highest mountain in West Khasi Hills and from the slopes to the top of the mountain, it is filled with ponds and wells that do not run dry all year round. whether it be in the time of rain or in the snow.
"Two places, Sohra and Mawsynram, are the wettest places in the world in Meghalaya," he said.
In a statement, KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said, “We urge the Government of Meghalaya to strengthen the security forces for the people especially the farmers during this harvest season”.
In this area the people have become more intelligent and have improved in literacy even though they are still low in education.
He said that the opposition MLAs will not allow the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to violate their rights.
The raid came after an investigation into the incident, in which several people have been arrested and it is understood that Bah Cherish, was one of those involved in the bomb blast. in these places above.
On this occasion, the BJP has organized a special program to commemorate and pay tribute to this brave man. the relatives of the family of King Tirot Singh.
He said that the TMC leader Dr. Mukul Sangma has betrayed the people of Ampati Constituency who elected him for five terms but finally he left Songsak. Mukul Sangma himself is in trouble because the people of Tikrikila Constituency have told him that if Dr Mukul Sangma does not sign a promise not to leave them, they will not vote for him because Dr Mukul Sangma stands. There are two constituencies, Songsak and Tikrikila.
It is now up to the Dorbar Shnongs to find ways and means to overcome this selfishness which has affected many families.
Shillong, March 7: Two days after the resignation of HDR Lyngdoh MLA/MDC of Sohiong Constituency, Minister K Langstieh of Mylliem Hima has resigned from the post of MDC. He said that he will contest the mid-term MDC elections from this constituency and there is also talk that he will be supported by Bah HDR Lyngdoh who is the current MLA of Sohiong.
Before receiving this decision, Panora had sent two complaints to the Syiem of Sohra Hima on 12th July, 2016 and 20th July, 2016 to inform that Dilip Biswas has been arrested. but the reply sent by the Syiem to them was that the order was condemned and the condemnation was taken without any summons or explanation.
“We from the UDP came second in the last election where Danggo won only 2,000 votes,” said Bah Pius.
Shillong: A 14-year-old girl has been raped by three men in Gurugram, Haryana in the past few days.
The West Jaintia Hills District Court has sentenced two persons involved in the assault on women and children in two cases in the district.
Shillong, March 07: UDP Mawlai Circle MLA and MDC Embhah Syiemlieh on Tuesday said, “It is my path for the betterment of the constituency”. .
Twelve schools from all over the villages of the Ranikor Block will participate in the Ranikor Block Level Inter-School Athletics Meet
