This heated discussion lasted about 2 minutes.
Today, we have been able to celebrate the victory of our youth, who have demonstrated their skills, creativity and dedication in various fields.
He said a report has already been submitted to the minister on the results of these tests as it could be a threat to the health of the people.
He also prayed for the youth who are the shrot or paia of the longsnem family and the heritage of the family, society and that they will be free from any evil deeds.
Meinah and Panah are a blessing to the children and the Khasi family, if we have ignored the precious members of the family. remember that the calamity is at the door.
“We have also decided to have 11 more members who will be elected by the two parties,” he said.
Earlier, the President of the HFU said that the farmers should not express their grief when they face the kilo cut. .
It is reported that there is a good activity of social media, which has increasingly encouraged many, to join the militant group and ISIS, has produced videos and messages, in the language to encourage others to join the party.
This is one of the 30 buses purchased by the government to transport school children to Laitumkhrah and other places.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Ampareen urged these children to continue to work hard to improve their education.
The Secretary of the Seng Samla Malki, Bah Junestar Kharbuli said that some children from Lumparing, went near the scene and found the burnt body of I Khun Lung.
They struggle with how to accomplish their goal in life.
The owners of the ponds or the people who open the ponds to hold the khwai competition do not think how to ensure that the vehicles do not disrupt the traffic.
He urged the leaders and members to have the determination to serve the people and stand on the foundation of the party and not be misled.
The incident happened while the pickup truck (ML10B-8098) driven by Kitborlang L Nonglait, 25, of Dommawlieh village was turning backwards when the driver of the truck collided with a truck. He fell into the ground and was hit by the truck.
And it came to pass at that time, that Solomon built the house of God in Jerusalem.
In Bangladesh, there are 101 deaths and 2,948 cases.
“I just avoided myself, I don't want to associate with them but I just waited for them to leave my group to join other groups" he said.
Anthony Toi scored the first goal of the match in the 20th minute. The match between the two teams was very friendly from start to finish.
In Tura, the Zone 2 match will be between South Garo Hills and North Garo Hills.
The incident happened at 2 pm, when four masked men with heavy weapons broke into the bank and threatened the employees by shooting. sha wind.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 15: After the invitation of the elders of Mawhati constituency, Bah CB Syiem, one of the prominent politicians who was also the MDC of Nongpoh Constituency and also the CEM of KHADC in the past years, Mawhati Constituency Social & Economic Forum (Mawhati Constituency Social & Economic Forum) will be formed under the leadership of Bah CB Syiem. King as President.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 28: The Nongkdait Integrated Village Co-operative Society Limited (N-NIVCSLtd) has celebrated its 5th Anniversary. The program was held at the ground floor of Evergreen Lower Primary School, Nongkdait-Nongtwah.
Earlier, the Minister said the state government has already proposed Rs 12-13 crore under the NABARD Infrastructure Development Assistance (NIDA). .
However, other sources close to the party said that there were some leaders who wanted the UDP to leave the PDF but there was another clash between the leaders where some leaders wanted to remove and some do not want to remove.
Relatives of these children were present on the occasion. The Office Secretary of the Orphan Children's Foundation East Jaintia Hill District, Samla E.Dkhar and the Volunteer of the OCF from East Jaintia Hills, R.Sungoh.
He said that the District Sports Promotion Society (DSPS) is one of the associations that can provide scholarships for the talented youth. sports so that they don't spend too much on themselves but the government also takes care of the expenses.
The US ambassador to Israel strongly condemned the incident and said the militants were willing to take advantage of Israel even at a time when it was still in conflict with Hamas.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pynïaid congratulated the SAM for holding this tournament successfully despite the natural disasters.
However, the legislators themselves have introduced jyrmi to spread in it, to cut down the leaves and branches, and many more factories to kill the inhabitants.
When we did as they ordered, they beat us again, threw us with knives and there was also one who understood Khasi and we didn't want to speak Khasi”.
The total number of cases has now reached 1,3
On the other hand, the HYC leaders said that the DC has said that the factory has been suspended due to the lack of compliance with the rules of the Pollution Control Board.
Those who have recovered from East Khasi Hills include one soldier, one health worker, four high risk contacts, six from Laitumkhrah, one from Madanryting, three from Nongrim Hills and two from Rynjah.
At present, the rehabilitation of the dam is underway under the Dam Rehabilitation and Improvement Project (DRIP) scheme.
This is your request.
Furthermore, the meter will be exactly the same in the billing process and there will be no undercounting or overcounting and the consumers will pay exactly as they use it and the bills will be paid online.
The temperature will be 76 degrees in the morning and 81 degrees in the evening.
After investigation, the union found that the smugglers intended to smuggle into the Jaintia Hills.
There are many organizations that organize blood donation, including Sanchalak, Sandhoni and Bandhan.
The Psalmist understood and experienced in his life that trust should not be in weapons of war but to trust completely in God.
According to the AITC, Dr Mukul Sangma has arrived in Shillong from Garo Hills to meet with the media in Shillong, which is scheduled to be held this evening.
Khliehriat, November 5: Along with the rest of the world, East Jaintia Hills District has celebrated the International Day of Persons with Disabilities. The program was organized by the office of the District Social Welfare Officer and the office of the District Medical and Health Officer, East Jaintia Hills District.
Regarding the time, Bah Marwein said that a law should be passed on the time.
However, this decision has not been a disappointment for the state, after Meghalaya has reached the final of the Ranji Trophy Plate Group and will play against Hyderabad from Saturday.
Shillong, Nailar 11 : The High Court on Friday directed retired Judge Justice BP Katakey to count the amount of coal that has not been mined and auctioned in Meghalaya. .
Vincent Pala of the Congress, who won three consecutive terms, has now received 419,689 votes, which has shocked many, especially the MDA, as he has surpassed Dr. Jemino of the five groups with 152,433 votes. UDP, NPP, HSPDP, PDF and the Independent Party.
Our journey here and there has only one end.
Shortly after the bell rang, several members of the opposition including Bah Titos W Chyne, Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh and Bah Witting Mawsor came in to fill the gap.
The Union through this statement informs all the SSA teachers under the banner of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) that from today all these members who have been suspended have nothing to do with the activities of the Union.
Shillong: On the 12th of this month at 8.30 pm, Rongchak M Sangma sent a complaint that his Maruti Zen car (ML-13-8285) was stolen. The Crinoline Swimming Pool, Shillong has collapsed.
Teibor Mynsong was elected as District Co-ordinator Ri-Bhoi, Akbar Rympeit as District Secretary, Aitihun Lapang as District Treasurer, Ambolin Lapang as District Chairperson of Women's Wing Ri-Bhoi and members of the Executive Committee.
We are here to talk about the problems of the people and the instability of governance.
Kuldip Saini said the BSF has to hold another meeting with the BGB as there are about 19 areas on the border with Bangladesh for the purpose of clearing the border. village of India.
“When we talk about the MLA Scheme in the urban areas, we have witnessed that there is little success in the implementation of these schemes. it was also a waste of public money.
These donations worth T.50,000/- were handed over by the Treasurer of APSTA. Speeches were delivered by Sir SP Adhikari, Sister and General Secretary.
Bethcey Toi, Labor Inspector, in her speech, explained about the Child & Adolescent Labor (Prohibition and Regulation) Act 1986 which prohibits the employment of children under the age of 14 years in all types of jobs. 14 to 18 years of age for hazardous occupation.
“The first Shillong Peak Ropeway worth T.140 crore will be financed through the New Development Bank (NDB) and we expect the tender to be called soon within 15-30 days. nothing," the Prime Minister said.
The 18-year-old girl, Wanboklang Kurbah (20) has been missing from her village in Marbisu since the 20th of last month. They were last seen at about 5 pm on the same day.
This time, the tournament will be held in six districts in the state.
The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has passed the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act 2021 with the aim of regulating all gambling activities in the state including online gaming so that it can bring income. The state will receive revenue and will also help in employment opportunities for the youth.
In East Garo Hills, there are 6 cases, in East Jaintia Hills 22 cases, in Dkhiah West Cluster 5 cases, Lumshyrmit cluster 6 cases, Returnee cluster 3 cases and Rymbai cluster 2 cases.
Earlier, the HYC had announced that it will accompany Bah Adelbert Nongrum, CEM of KHADC to the High Court on the 27th of this month. However, three days before the appearance of Bah Adelbert, the district administration has enacted Section 144CrPC, which prohibits the appearance of Bah Adelbert. The HYC and the Rangbah Shnongs have decided to impose section 144 CrPc by the district authorities.
“We hope that we will be able to start Thermal Power Plants in the state, which will be able to solve the problems in the future from the power shortage in the state,” he said.
He said that now there is no way to speak in India and for this reason the Bharat Jodo Yatra was held to hear with their own ears the voice of the people.
After a 10-hour meeting at the Secretariat with the civil society groups today, the Prime Minister said that the Resident Safety and Security Act has been prepared in detail and what remains is for the government to will be declared effective.
Bah Bright gave his words of encouragement and encouragement to the members of the party and also blessed the Circle to remain strong and able to move forward in the work of the party. and to develop the region and the country and the nation as a whole.
He said that the farmers who have received training include those who grow tit, slasha, shynrai, sying, fish farming, seed production, fertilizer production and others.
Riwar Jaintia CG beat Seiñraij HS School 4-3 in the tie-breaker.
The passing away of Bahdeng is a great loss to the entire Hynniewtrep people,” said Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, President, HYC.
New Delhi: The number of cases of covid-19 in India in the past 24 hours has risen to 2,58,089, the health ministry said in a statement.
Mithilda Kharumuid, a member of a self-help group known as Mynjurlang, said that they have benefited from the National Rural Livelihood Mission.
Jowai, June 23: The Meghalaya People's United Forum (MPUF) has registered a case under sections U/S 447/341/326/506/34 IPC. They have been protesting against the dismissal of the DC of West Jaintia Hills, Arun Kembhavi in ​​the past few days.
Jowai: U Dolloi of Nartiang Elaka, Hepsing Dhar, has escaped from the police after a mother lodged a complaint against him. of her, that he was guilty of raping her on the 30th of last month.
Shillong, November 01: The Minister of State for Education, Deborah Marak, on Tuesday appealed to the Central Government regarding the lack of salary of SSA teachers in the state and at the same time expressed her concern. the lack of salary.
“There are private individuals, I don't say it is the Autonomous District Council, I say private individuals who announce publicly that they want to follow the path of law.
To protect the environment, it is time for every citizen of the state to take responsibility.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has urged the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, to take action against PSG in the quarter final of the Champions League. He will take immediate action against the problems caused by the conduct of the CUET examination at NEHU, which has caused confusion among the students.
Jowai, March 29 :The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Central Body (JSU) has alleged that many schools in Lum Jaintia Hills especially in Jowai city have forced students to leave their schools. In this regard, the union has witnessed with its own eyes the school children in school uniforms, who go to the market to sell tickets to the market, shops and government offices.
In Ribhoi, there are 266 cases and of these 216 are civilians.
“The reason why they didn't pass is because the questions are too difficult and don't fit the syllabus,” said the NBNAM nurses. bonded and non-bonded nurses", they said.
One of the problems faced by the community in terms of the language is due to the contact with other communities where they have to speak English.
It is from Jerusalem that Satan Lucifer will rule the world for three and a half years or 1260 days.
In this regard, Ma Lahkmen acknowledged that there is a big shortcoming in the working methods if there are no officers in government offices and he will strive to appoint full time officers to take over this post so that There is no need to worry about the paid work of War Jaintia.
He has also been treated abroad for a case of Interstitial Lung Disease.
The bodies of the two children were taken to Jowai Police Station.
The tournament, which started on the 5th of this month, was attended by 64 men and women.
Shillong, June 28: On the 27th of this month at 9 pm, a man named Bakhraw Kharryngi from Tyrsad village, was arrested by the residents of Mawliehpoh village. He was arrested at Mawliehpoh LP School, Tyrsad on charges of being a suspect.
He said that the construction of this bridge started in the rainy months of this year and during the rainy season vehicles used to pass through the water, but now that the rain has come, vehicles cannot pass through. The river and when it rains heavily, people find it difficult to walk from one side to the other.
After the thanksgiving, the khan and the shat, the ksing, the dhah and the tangmuri were played.
He was accompanied by his mother, relatives, party leaders and supporters.
Samehi Laloo, who has worked hard to run the RCJ, promised that if the club needs any assistance, he is ready to provide assistance. It is necessary to move forward with the recruitment of Members because from the Members it will strengthen Rotary in the country and the world as a whole.
According to the law, those who drive arshaka or vehicles must be 18 years of age or older and have a license to prove that they are trained to drive arshaka or vehicles.
Nongpoh: U Nicholas Marak, of Maikhuli village in Ri Bhoi district, who was accused by Mainu S. Sangma, of threatening to rape her and send her to others if he does not get her, today. It was clarified that the allegation by the Longkmie is false and unfounded, but it is only her own work and which has embarrassed the man.
Meghalaya is a state with many religions but people respect each other's religion and today is Sunday where all Christians spend time to go to the Mane's house and other residents of the village have not agreed with Modi's announcement.
Meanwhile, out of 145, the department recovered 33 two-wheelers and 7 cars out of 25 stolen vehicles.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The East Khasi Hills District T20 Cricket Tournament 2022 is underway and four teams have qualified for the tournament on Tuesday. Laitjem CC, Marbisu CC, Hurdles CC and Cricket Lovers.
Deputy Commissioner of Police (Central) Srinivas Gowda said they have registered 11 cases on the incident and seized 113 mobile phones. The amount of T.40.80 lakh.
The Government of India has acknowledged the importance of preserving the inheritance and deitity of the country.
Also present on the occasion were Jubinia Lymba, House Mother, Camilia L Ryntathiang, Probationary Officer, AW Thomas Girls' Home, P. Nongpluh, State Working President NPP Women's Wing, M. Basaiawmoit, State Secretary, NPP Women's Wing and R Kurbah, State Secretary, NPP Women's Wing, were also present.
Life Members of the Union including Ma Bishar Shylla Treasurer, Selsing Langi and Nidamon Shullet were also elected as Internal Advisers of the Union.
Ennocent Mylliem scored the first goal for Lumshnong Block in the 17th minute.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that if the state exceeds 5000 cases, it will be difficult for the government to curb the spread of the disease.
Then they saw the garbage inside and the niut ki nier standing inside the stone pit which was shown to see.
“We don’t want to just close up shop.
Higher Secondary School, Nongstoin has not been named, although the students of this school have passed well in the examination.
He said that it is necessary and important to set goals on how to improve the community which can be of great benefit to many.
The letter from the Governor states that the Ph.D.
The three doctors were fined T.5000 tyngka.
Shillong, June 14: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will send a reminder letter to the District Council Affairs Department regarding the post of Executive Member. The Ministry has approved the name of Bah Donkupar Sumer as the new EM to replace Bah Donevan Kharwanlang who has left for the post of Deputy Chairman.
We want to discuss how we can move forward in including the traditional rights and rituals of the citizens of the State in the education,” said the Minister.
Chennai: The Income Tax department has seized Rs 160 crore and 100 kilograms of gold from a road construction company in Tamil Nadu, the Income Tax Department said. message.
On the other hand, A Sangma (MCS), ADC (Elections), in her speech, stressed the need for no discrimination against the voters and praised the initiative of the group which has organized the you are teaching.
The contest is more intense between the BJP and other states in Goa and Uttarakhand.
She said that the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences was not affected by the power outage while the Civil Hospital, Shillong was affected by the lack of high tension feeder line throughout the hospital.
Shillong: At 7.30 pm, the BSF, today, received a tip that some robbers, who were planning to smuggle weapons to robbers in Bangladesh, through the eat meat.
“In fact, Shillong-Guwahati is a very important road which increases the revenue of the department as it is a public road, but since the reduction of bosses in Guwahati, it has affected the department. you're going to have money.
These are just the buildings or parts he built.
The EGH will play against Tura DCA, which won the first semifinal against West Jaintia Hills DCA yesterday. on Friday.
Education Secretary-Landarson Sutnga, Organizing Secretary-Bashanlang Lapasam, Office Secretary – Honest Sajem, Assist.
Earlier, Pastor Phawa said that the Assembly had summoned the doctors of Robert Hospital to discuss the matter on the 28th of June, after 10 months of seeking clarification from the MC. “At 1 pm we called the doctors and at 3 pm we called the MS to listen to their answers. but we are still in the process of reconciling with them,” said Pastor Phawa.
However, due to the negligence of the KHADC leader Bah Pynshngain, MUDA has crossed the border until today.
On the same day, a group of unidentified persons set fire to the BSF check gate at Lyngkhat.
“The Dy.SP has promised before the union that he will not allow such incidents to harass the residents and has also directed the Officer-Incharge of the Outpost Bah Phawa to take action on this matter. ," said Mr. Queen.
Muhammad Ajsal (12') and Mohammed Aimen (64') scored each for Kerala, while Lairenjam Sushil Singh (35') scored one for Jharkhand.
The UDP will soon meet with the HSPDP to discuss the candidate for the party.
The MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP has decided to implement the MMDR Act in the mining of coal and through an Office Memorandum issued on Standard Operating Procedures – SOPs for grant of Prospective License and/or Mining Lease for coal in the State of Meghalaya.
We have thought for a long time in this regard, we have the party's agenda and there should also be agenda for the constituency and the needs of the people.
The two Sengbhalang have given 15 days to the Government led by Dr Mukul Sangma to respond to the delay in opening the Mawlai Block in Mawtawar.
RBPWU President Napoleon Mawphniang said that the issues raised by the PWD (R) contract workers from Ri Bhoi District to the Government authorities are to implement the The Provident Found, because as it is now, they are sad that the EPF scheme has not been implemented at all.
(If the government wants to get information and facts on this then I am ready to take it to the families of these refugees).
Shillong, June 02: The MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that although he had made it clear before the election that he would not go to Iewmawlong to seek support from the Harijans living in the area. He didn't want to thank them for their support but even so, there are still those who supported him in the last election.
The Central Government has said that if such a ceremony is held, it could completely change the laws relating to religion and individuals and the morality of the citizens. of India as a whole.
not far away.
Shillong, November: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District, today informed the ration consumers of the district that the ration of 5 kilos per head is free of charge through the scheme. PMGKAY, for those who have AAY and PHH cards for the month of November 2022 has already been released through their ration shops.
Mr. Framcis also expressed my opinion.
Bah Phrangsngi Bakash, who is a driver of NHAI and escaped from the scene, said that the incident happened while the NHAI vehicles were parked at the road. They were standing there, but while they were standing there, suddenly, a truck came and tore these vehicles. and she fled from thence.
Nongpoh: A car manufacturer's shop owned by a foreigner at 13mer Tamulkuchi, Byrnihat, has caught fire this morning, after allegedly some robbers went to set fire to it. this is the shop of Taiar.
Muslims will be the fastest growing ethnic group and Hindus and Christians will be the smallest in population, the survey said.
It is the pride of Meghalaya as it is the third state in the country and the first in the North East to have a Comprehensive Policy on Mental Health and Social Care,” said the Governor.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, BJP General Secretary David Kharsati said that the BJP has not had any discussion or information that the CEM of KHADC will contest from Pynthorumkhrah.
Speaking to reporters, the Superintendent of Police (Crimes) East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, said that the Meghalaya Police are still in the dark as this case falls into the hands of the police. Assam but nevertheless they have tried to cooperate with the Assam police to track down those involved in this case.
The Vice President of the South West Khasi Hills District Swimming Association, Bah KL Lyngdoh, said that this is the best time to take measures to educate many people to take care of their hygiene. The wells, because if it had been like the rivers in the Umshyrpi and Umkhrah rivers, it would have been difficult to clean them.
“I would like to tell you that the last time the Government of India included the words in the Eight Schedule was in 2003-04,” he said.
He said that the employees have been listening for 10 years and now they cannot tolerate this.
pateng-la-pateng : which cannot be spoken of for many years.
Nongstoin, July 4: U Renshal Marwein, 36, of Nongstoin, Nongstoin, has gone missing since the morning of the 2nd of this month at 2.30 pm. now he has not come home at all.
The goat is owned by a school teacher and will be trained to take part in more important programs in the village while he is Mayor for one year.
Rida opened the door and said suddenly, “Have you come, Niakha?” “Hooid khun...” said Niakha. They both went inside and Rida sent them to sit in the living room.
According to an earlier announcement, MPCC President DD Lapang has informed the party MLAs that Faleiro will come to meet with the MLAs and party office bearers to discuss the issues.
Why do they take action because they understand that when the language lives, the nation lives.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma has confirmed that no youth in the state get government jobs by paying money, according to a report released on 22nd July.
God said, “Know therefore that thy seed (Abraham) shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them, and shall afflict them for 400 years. in the year 3BC. “But in the fourth generation they shall return hither (to Israel)” Genesis 15:12-1
Babu FC Shullai, Secretary AMPSTA, recalled the past activities of Bah Banteidor during his tenure. He is a member of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), an armed group that has been recognized by the Government.
This was announced by Bah Kesmanful Nongpluh Chairman of the Tournament.
“We have built many ponds to release the wastewater from the slaughterhouse and a treatment plant where the wastewater will be treated for human consumption and will be converted to wastewater. fish pond", said the newspaper.
The incident took place at a farm known as Tahpat where hundreds of Karbi suspected to have been attacking the Khasi-Pnars who have been farming in Tahpat for the past few months. rail.
For SK Oil, a Notification has been issued on 17th October 2020 for a period of at least 5 years.
As we have opposed the arrival of the Railway, the union strongly warns other companies, who come to survey the land in Lailad, Umsohlang, Kyndemkulai and other places, to stop immediately. This visit was to survey for the construction of railway lines within the District.
Less than 5% of people can free themselves from the chain of tobacco.
Conrad acknowledged that there are many colleges and academicians who have supported the NEP and said that it will help to improve education in the state. time to prepare young people for tomorrow.
Speaking at the meeting, Chairman of the RDA, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the President of the UDP, said that the cooperation between the two political parties is because the people want these two political parties to become national leaders. He said that now it is the turn of the people to give their full support to Bah Robert who as a group they are ready to win.
He alleged that the award to Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) to manufacture the equipment of these Rafale fighter jets is a ploy to enrich the rich and the company is not authorized to do so. this work.
It is because of this that the system has been implemented throughout the state.
“Bah Paul said that the time has come for even the authorities not to be treated like khiew ai pliang during the feast.
However, the Meghalaya players did not hesitate and continued to fight with the intention of scoring the goal.
On this occasion, Bah Sawkmie also informed the Umshing Umjapung Dorbar Shnong that he has allocated 5 lakh tyngka as promised for the construction of the village house and also for the provision of dustbins for the village.
We are also led by our own feelings without proper judgment.
“The children called me and said that they have not eaten at all all day, but they still have until 5 pm, only Singara, chips and nuts,” said the father of a child. Young woman who took part in the tournament which started today in Tura.
We will submit our opinion soon together with the chiefs after taking a final decision on this,” said the KSU leader. When asked about the delays in the Bill, he said he does not want to tell us in detail now since they are discussing this.
Superintendent of Police, North Garo Hills Shailendra Bamaniya said, “We conducted a road search today to seize illegal items through Rari and Bajengdoba roads. At this time, a Bolero vehicle without a number plate was parked.
Giving an example of other ethnic groups who have improved in literacy from the opportunity to read and write in their own language, Dr. Nonglait said, “Like other children who read in their own language, , Assamese and Bengali are happy.
“The power outage in New Shillong Township is extreme and sometimes the area does not get electricity for 24-48 hours and this has affected the people from students and especially those who run their businesses. Hamar said that until now, there is only one Line-man in New Shillong Township who works from NEIGRIHMS and looks after many villages including NEIGRIHMS. Lumkhyriem, Mawpat, Itshyrwat, Saisiej, Mawlong, Mawkynring, Mawkasiang, Mawpdang, Diengpasoh, Mynriang and others.
The seized sugar was seized by the Police for further investigation.
Jowai, Naitung, 04: The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, has issued an order on the driving of vehicles for the sake of orderly traffic during the Behdieñkhlam festival from 6 to on the 9th of this month.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, former Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, who is also the Minister of State for Agriculture, said that the construction of the building at Umsawli has been completed. , New Shillong has been completed.
Ferenstar Kharkongor scored the first goal for Seng Samla Laitryngew in the 68th minute.
“The Government intends to bring about the rule of law and services to the people,” Mondal said in the Legislative Assembly.
“At present, many of the coal traders from the state are being harassed by other traders when they unload coal at Beltola, because the coal has been unloaded to other states and if the government implements the “This Dipu will be of great benefit not only to the traders, the employment of the youth and especially to the state government to collect revenue,” said Bah Mawnai.
We have decided to establish the VPP with the responsibility to protect the people from violence, tyranny and corruption and irresponsible government for the people.
Shillong: U CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla today informed the Governor of Meghalaya, T Roy, that he personally has no strong opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB). brought in by the central government but he is too concerned about his own people.
If someone asks you where you are from and if you answer that you are Khasi but when they look at your non-Khasi dress – what do you think they put you in? They don't have to worry about one language or another.
The buyers are the people who are busy on Facebook and social media but who struggle hard to pass the competitive exams like IAS, IFS, IPS and others.
In the incident, Smriti Irani, BJP candidate from Amethi, visited the houses burnt down in Purab Dwara village. She ran together to fetch water, in order to extinguish the fire, which was still burning in one of the houses in the village.
The Commission will also look into the issues affecting education in the state and then turn to the management and operation of those government-aided schools and colleges.
The election was held on 20.02.23 at the Conference Hall KHADC. Out of 41 voters, 31 voters came to vote and the result was announced. hi on the same Day.
Rule).
Lapang said that Pynshngaiñ has been given the opportunity to resolve the issues within the household. “We have agreed, we have given many opportunities, even the AICC has done what it wants. “We have lost and he has taken the right decision for himself,” said Bah Lapang.
The Narpuh Elaka has called for a curfew from 5 pm on the 12th to 5 pm on the 15th of this month.
He said that as it is necessary to take commercial flights, it is also necessary for the students to pay themselves through their bank account.
“After the 2023 MLA elections, the UDP will be in government and soon out of the eight MLAs we will get six more in the next few days,” he said.
Shillong, March 10 : The National People's Party (NPP) and Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, on Tuesday slammed the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) for not having the right to He said that it is the voice of the people because it has gained power in Meghalaya only by kidnapping or stealing some of the MLAs of the state.
When it comes to the Umngot River, the Khasi counting of it as a sacred or a god is perhaps difficult to understand.
In fact, the villages have their part to play in helping the Government, not to allow foreigners to enter the country as we have seen these days.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the government will make the Polo Market one of the most famous places in New York.
The 15 development issues are; to eradicate poverty and hunger, to provide citizens with a happy life, health, good education, clean drinking water and adequate sanitation; , employment, adequate income, access to education that develops everyone and to eradicate discrimination.
Regarding the operation of cole and ferro alloy factories, the State Mining & Geology Department has informed the Single Member Committee that the coke factories which have not received the Single Window Approval from the Government of Meghalaya or the Consent To Establish (CTE) ) and Consent To Operate (CTO) from the MSPCB, have no longer operated in the State.
In 1382, John Wycliffe, a revolutionary leader in the Church and society in England, translated the Bible into English for the public and the common people.
He said that this incident happened about seven years ago, when the Hmar people living in Manipur came to these Khasi-Pnar settlements and robbed them. all the forests were destroyed, and their fields were destroyed.
The ceremony was led by the KSU, NKHD through the Education Cell led by Samla Banjop Maring Chairman, Samla Toning Lapang Secretary. KSU Lum Umpih Unit General Secretary Samla Jester Nongbet and leaders of the KSU Lum Umpih Unit, attended the ceremony at her residence in Lum Umpih.
Furthermore, 75% of the indigenous people of the State have lived without land and do not have any land to work and live on.
In the second half, Mawsiang FC took the lead by 3 goals in the first half.
Shillong, March 27: Youths affected by the fraud in the teaching profession in the state have sent a letter to the office of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi urging him to take action against the teachers. because they have been treated unfairly by this state government.
Five bowlers were used by SCA, all of whom took at least one wicket.
In West Garo Hills, there are 20 cases including 12 high risk cases, 4 cases from abroad, one case from Bhaitbari cluster, one case from Bhraminpara cluster and 2 cases from random sampling.
In 24 Mawphlang, the voters included 12,430 males and 14,903 females, of which 27,333 or 82.34 percent.
As soon as the command to build the Temple is issued, the First Sealing will begin, and a white horse will come forth and the one seated on the white horse will hold the breastplate and wear a crown.
From the conversation with the Congress leader, it is understood that if there is no change of leadership within the Congress party, there will be about 5 MLAs who will leave the party, then there will be about 4 MDCs. also those who won the elections in
“The accident hospital will be very important because in this state, there are highways,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
He said there is hope that Muaythai will be included in the 2024 Olympics.
He said that in his 12 years as the leader of the KSU, he has fought hard for many issues of the Jaidbynriew.
Health experts also said that the use of glyphosate also puts the consumers of these plants containing glyphosate at risk and they can also get tuberculosis.
He said that the march was conducted by bicycles to spread awareness among the people about the need for healthy food.
Also to oppose the UCC and many others who have not done anything on the part of the leaders.
The bridge has been allocated at a cost of T.23.12 crore and was scheduled to be completed in three years but it has not been completed till date.
Shillong: A house belonging to Bah Methos Syiem and Kong Wastars Rani in Jareibasai Jirang village has been destroyed by a fire this evening.
Nongpoh, July 18: The Leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Umsning Circle at a meeting held at Sumer Umbang today in the presence of the leaders of various units of Umsning Circle, have decided to approve Bah Donkupar Sumer. He is the candidate of the UDP party for the 2023 elections to elect the Leaders of the Legislative Assembly.
He said that on July 9, the NGT will be able to send the owners of the coal mines to inform the government department about the availability of the goods that have been extracted from the coal mine. This will delay and destroy the coal, which is in the storage areas near the coal mines and will not be increased in price.
They expressed their dissatisfaction and questioned how the council, which is in dire need of funds, cannot even pay the salaries of its employees every month but is still appointing jobs. Council Service Rule 1981 Chapter IV. On the other hand, these two parties will follow up on this to reveal the truth.
The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has decided to hold a protest in all the capitals of the North East on the 9th of this month to protest against the failure of the North East Students' Organization (NESO). The Central Government has decided to end the six-month-old conflict in Manipur.
Regarding Bah Rana, Bah Kharsohnoh said that they have been friends since 1984-85 and said that Bah Rana, often expresses his sorrow and that is that our nation is small. .
In his short speech at the ceremony, Bah Tynsong expressed his pleasure to look back on the past and for something meaningful.
My brother-in-law Nitish, who has turned away, has continued to work with us for a while, I have had to fulfill my promises,” he added.
TULBA Sohryngkham Unit would like to support the statement sent by the youth of the area and published through Rupang on the 24th of this month 2019, regarding the Your electricity is increasing and unsteady.
Ukraine has sought urgent assistance from neighboring countries with weapons and ammunition after Russia announced that it will continue its invasion of Ukraine using heavy weapons. and more far-reaching.
This is according to a statement sent by the PRO of the Governor.
Speaking on the UDP's decision to join the NPP, he said, “There is a misconception that the UDP has joined the NPP because in 2018 they were together, and now they continue to join. "It's not new and it's old and maybe they're putting it there.
Pontius Pilate was a man who had the power and authority to release anyone or to torture and execute those who had a reason, but he could not release Jesus even after he asked he said that he found no reason why Jesus should be tortured and crucified until he died on the Cross on Mount Calvary.
“Breakfast is very constructive.
During the investigation, the police had to break the door to find Ghosh and found that the man had hanged himself.
The injection is no longer used in the UK and some have found that the injection does not help to eradicate covid
He said that the traffic police should not allow drivers who violate the traffic rules even if it is a minor mistake and should not be released because if they do so it will lead to a bigger incident. more.
As we know, tribal states like Mizoram have managed their cities like this.
South Tura is the constituency of the Chief Minister.
It is sad to know that the people of the area are very busy attending church services.
Earlier, the employees of the Board under the banner of the Meghalaya State Housing Board Employees Union (MSHBEU) had expressed their lack of knowledge after being deprived of their salaries for nearly two years.
This allowed him to keep thinking about the task ahead.
On the election of leaders, Dr. WR Kharlukhi said that in Meghalaya, the people do not vote against any government but vote on the basis of an MLA regardless of whether he contests. of any party spirit.
Shillong: The Khasi Kmie Shillong will celebrate its 119th Anniversary on the 23rd of November
Violet Rose Talang from Khimusniang, Jowai has won a cash prize of T.2 lakh to start her own business after winning over four other candidates.
Investigation revealed that Bhushan Anil Patil was the brother of Lalit Patil and Abhishek Bilas was the leader of Lalit Patil's drug trafficking ring.
The raid was conducted by police of the same Garo group, A-chik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM Eastern Zone), who conducted the raid at the house of Pentom Momin in Nengsila, Williamnagar.
According to Bah Syiem, the EC, which includes only the ethnic parties, should be stronger and more courageous to work than the Congress-led EC but as it turns out, the Congress-led EC is still stronger to work. him.
The FCI Regional Office in Shillong said that Mizoram will need 1.75 lakh bags of rice at a cost of T.25 lakh while Tripura will spend T.85.51 lakh to purchase 5.98 lakh bags of rice. song to the khaw.
Two rivers in Shillong, Wahumkhrah and Umshyrpi, have been included in the list of the 45 most polluted rivers in India. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has been appointed.
Besides working without time, he should not be stingy.
The MLA has worked hard and we are still considering all the requirements and we will see whether Psiar should get this or not,” she said.
Dr Phardishon Nongtdu, founder and principal of Jaintia Eastern College, received the Tirot Sing Award for literature. The Kiang Nangbah Award has been awarded to Eugene K Marak who won a gold medal in the Taekwondo Championships in Nepal in , in addition to being a trainer in this game.
The AJTCVA has demanded that the authorities in charge of the Ialong Toll Gate should not charge the toll gate fee of 30/- per day.
According to a report by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), there were 5,743 cases of theft and fraud in Public Sector Banks (PSBs) from 1st June 2019 to 30th November The loss of revenue has reached Rs 95,760.49 crore, said Nirmala Sitharaman, Finance Minister in the Rajya Sabha.
In East Khasi Hills, 37 cases, 4 Army, 23 BSF, 9 others, 3 cases in West Khasi Hills, 9 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 5 cases from Army. and 4 others, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in East Jaintia Hills.
For the front officers, 1,000 people will be allowed to sit, while for other public meetings, only 500 people will be allowed.
Under the scheme, there is a 7% interest subsidy for repayment of loans and digital payments receive a refund of up to T.1,200 per annum.
In the men's category, Rangjanai beat Veteran Combine by 52 to 51 points.
“To achieve income growth of 10 billion US dollars in the next four years, it requires a huge private investment of T.8000 crore or 1 billion US dollars.
The incident occurred at 6 pm in the Siju area.
Where are the PWD, Agriculture, C&RD and other government departments? In fact, these RK areas are rich in natural resources, such as coal, oil and uranium.
World number one Iga Swiatek continued to perform well at the Italian Open, where she reached the final after beating Coco Gauff beat American Coco Gauff 6-4, 6-3
“We have to buy electricity even at the price of 8 tyngka while in fact the price is about 4.5 tyngka per unit which means we have to pay more than the department's budget of about 3 tyngka,” he said.
Shillong: Police and BSF have seized 70,000 kilograms of sugar, which was supposed to be smuggled to Bangladesh, through a market in South Garo Hills, Meghalaya.
He said that Schedule 6 of the Constitution of India is a stieh which protects the customs and traditions, land, trade, assemblies and special rights of us indigenous people.
The sitting there lasted until evening.
Assam also won three silver and two bronze medals, while Manipur won four silver and two bronze medals.
“I stand firm on the principle that I will not back down from the decision.
Besides, Bah Bindo urged the DG of BSF to pay compensation to the family of the deceased.
Regarding the construction of the footpath, some Sengbhalang leaders have gone to meet the owner of the pond but he has not listened,” said Bah Bony Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi. Visit the Mawphanlur Tourist Spot.
Williamnagar: Police in East Garo Hills on Tuesday arrested four persons including a child for possession of firearms.
We Khasi have only 15 lakh people and if only 20 lakh people come to live in Meghalaya what will happen to us? The Supreme Court has directed the Government of India to respond to more than 327 complaints from the North East and South against the CAA and set a date. also to hear the case on 9th June,
The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (ECC) has opened the 2nd District T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 today.
Police have charged Jefferson under Sections 364 and 302 IPC and other sections of the IPC.
The MPYC members burnt down these tyngshops in anger over the lack of ticketing system for the candidates to contest the upcoming elections.
These two houses are no longer inhabited and they have built a house in the area to stay temporarily.
The award is organized by the GISF Foundation to recognize and honor individuals who have done well, who have exceptional talents and researchers, teachers, pioneers, counselors, and role model leaders for others.
Speaking to reporters, he said that this scheme is working well in other states to help the youth especially in the rural areas to set up their own businesses to stand on their own feet. feet.
Shillong, July 7: U Takuli Jyrwa, resident of Mawmluh Village, Sohra, has gone missing from his home on the 23rd of June at about 5 pm.
Praising the Act East Policy which is the goal of the Central Government and the North Eastern States, Conrad said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has opened the door for the North East from to improve the income of the people by gradually building bridges to bring them closer to the countries of East Asia.
DD Lapang has also appointed WK Kyndiah as one of the General Secretaries of the Meghalaya PCC.
He said that he will not count sting on the candidates who are fighting against him because he wants to contest and win again as the leader of the people.
The NHIDCL was set up by the NDA government under the leadership of Narendra Modi to develop and accelerate road construction in the North East.
Ridahun Nongsiej took two wickets for three runs and Abiezer Kharsyiem took two wickets for seven runs.
It is prohibited to carry out any mining and quarrying near the waters without the permission of the higher authorities. It is also prohibited to use the waters for to fish in the trade or sale of fish, as well as to turn the waters into aquaculture, as this will affect the uniqueness of the natural ecosystem.
The notice said that the Principal should explain why she cannot be punished for allowing the students to play and dance with this song, as it is the song of the Seng Saiñ Pyrshah and it is against the working of the government.
According to the Directorate of Employment and Craftsmen Training, the total number of registered youth in the state is 27,9
Therefore, to preserve the identity of the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people, the name Meghalaya should be changed.
“We have also asked the teachers to write to the Board when they find any errors in any part of the book, so that we can correct them in the second edition," he said.
Shillong, June 3: The UDP Youth Wing, in a statement sent by its Vice President, Bah Hamlet Dohling, has sent a special greeting to the leaders and members of the KSU on this day. The Khasi National Awakening Day Movement is also a special day to commemorate the fighters who fought for the protection, preservation and development of the Khasi National Awakening Day.
Even now in Meghalaya, Paragraph 12A (a) is required to relieve the conflict between the Acts of the State Government and the Acts of the District Councils. you are lynter.
Services have 10 points from five matches out of the seven teams in the group, while Kerala have eight points to finish fourth.
He added that the UDP party, which is one of the coalition parties, within the government will hold a meeting on this issue and establish and write back to the government what they stand with the leaders. Those who are from the UDP should request and tell the government what the party has sent them before they take a decision.
Shillong, June 11: The Principal Secretary to the Government of East Khasi Hills, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that the 14th of this month will be a public holiday in various offices in East Khasi Hills. Shad happy Spirit.
It may be recalled that before the House passed the bill, Ardent had said that he was thinking of resigning from the post of MDC because of the burden. too much to carry two work.
They seized 790 saris and 1215 metric tonnes of clothes worth T.8 lakh.
When the election is over, all candidates and political parties have to account for the expenses incurred during the election with detailed information in this regard.
He said that as we can see now, the decision of the state government to pass a resolution in the Legislative Assembly on 19th November 2019 on the ILP is only a sign of the people's protest. “Ka seng will continue its programs in the coming days to demand that the state government should go to Delhi to get a clear answer on the demand for the implementation of ILP in Meghalaya,” he said. state.
“I can't say anything for him, but it would be better if you ask him what made him join the BJP at the last minute but there is something behind it. Your resignation from the NPP,” said Prestone.
Shillong: The Ultimate Bikers Association (UBI) under the leadership of its President Bah Seiborlang L. Nonglait and Secretary Bah Odycious Shullai has decided to help the poor and needy people in society. Although the party is not a wealthy party, they yesterday visited Laitmaw Syiem Mairang Constituency to provide assistance for the construction of the house of Kong Sima Khyllait.
The HNLC reminded that it was on the promise of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs who had promised to appoint ksiang but it appears now that they have been deceived by them and this has caused anger. The HNLC hopes that the Prime Minister and the Union Minister of State for Child Development Kiran Rijiju will resolve this issue. The problem is that they did not call a curfew on Independence Day to show that they want to talk peace no matter what the Chief Minister says.
The time has come to set an adequate and minimum wage of Rs.300/- per day.
Shillong: U Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP), today filed his nomination papers for the mid-term elections from Mawphlang Constituency to be held on the 30th of this month.
Vehicles coming from Mawlai Bypass-Lad Mawroh who intend to reach Polo, once they reach Lad Mawroh, have to pass through the FCI to reach Polo and so on.
This means that in India as a whole there is no longer an Indigenous Rule such as the Syiemships, Lyngdohships, Wahadadarships, Sirdarships, and Doloiships which still exist today.
This village and area is also the best suitable for cultivating kwai and tympew and according to the information received from the villagers they said that among other crops they grow only kwai and tympew is the most profitable. .
He said that the development of knowledge is essential for the full use of resources.
He said that while he was in the TMC Cabinet, Partha Chatterjee had looted more than Rs 50 crore of public money through the West Bengal School Service Commission (WBSSC) but the party had remained silent on this. .
Mairang, November 01: Seven United of Pyndengumïong District Sports District have won the title of Champion Club of the Eastern West Khasi Hills District Football Tournament by winning the final of the Super Division Football Tournament. The Association today beat Lumsohkhlur 3-1 in the tie breaker.
The group of officials has imposed a fine of about `.50,000 against the contractors appointed to monitor the cleaning of garbage around the area. region.
Under the Nongrah Water Supply Scheme Phase-I, the current population is 12,021 households and the water supply will be 70 LPCD, the water requirement is 753626 liters per day and the water supply in Phase-I It will be 527537 liters per day. He said that it is expected to complete the project within 10 years and after that phase II, III and so on.
“These Dkhar women are only lying, they are lying, they are only born to do evil, and evil will happen.
The independent candidate for Jowai South Constituency has accused the JHADC of being the worst corruption center in Jaintia Hills. The council shall accept it as its own right.
In fact, corruption should not have anything to do with politics, but it ends up in talks and shouting.
Kanakadurga, a mother of two children, has angered her family by going to the temple without telling them. Malappuram district, on 22nd November 2018, on the grounds that she did not want to attend a meeting in the city.
When asked whether the road is still open for those who have resigned, to get back the rights that the people have given them, Pynshngaiñ said, “They fled first. “I don't think the court will decide,” he said, adding that the issue of ar maloi is now over.
Phyrnai Kyndait's journey from being a prominent cyclist only in the village, with her hard work she has become a cyclist even in the world.
NESO has filed a petition against the Indian government since 2019, when the central government approved in Parliament to accept citizenship of Hindus, Parsis, Jains, Buddhists and Christians who arrive before the 31st. November 2024 from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Your name is “Mercy Lucky Sohlamar.
(NHIDCL) and which has awarded the work to ARSS Company.
These village leaders said that in 2020, Ramesh Dkhar was accused of killing a woman from the same village.
Speaking on his current job, he said that there is a need to improve the tourism industry in Sohra as the revenue collected is only 30 percent.
“The IO who is investigating the teacher recruitment scam has handed it over to the High Court,” she said, adding that this is a serious crime and those involved should be punished accordingly. the law.
Replying to this, the Minister of Labour, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the government has taken measures to address the problem of child labor.
“The government has proposed in the Blue Print to build a 7 floor house for us all and this proposal of the government is contrary to what we have proposed to the government, when the government has not accepted any. “We don't know how to accept what the government proposes,” said Gurjit Singh.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 23: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has issued a public notice from the Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya regarding the implementation of the Unstructured Supplementary Service Data (USSD) Mobile Banking where mobile phone users can do mobile banking without smart phones or internet connection by dialing <star>99<hash> code or *99# for transferring money, checking money, getting bank statements and other requirements in 13 languages ​​including English and no charge from part of a transaction.
The clashes between the Khasi Pnars and the Karbi people in Lapangap village on the Meghalaya-Assam border in West Jaintia Hills have continued to escalate. together with bird-shooting knives to fight against the Karbi.
Three months ago, during a storm, this reporter called the same number at 3.30 pm and the person who answered the phone asked, “Where is the storm? When the journalist replied, “Yes, yes,” he said, “Shall we turn it off?” and immediately the electricity broke out.
Speaking to reporters, UDP Umroi Circle Secretary Thomas Lyngdoh said that the UDP Umroi Circle has been very disappointed with the UDP Umroi Circle office bearers. Circle, because Bah FD Ramsiej is a person who opposed and disgraced the UDP in the MLA Election 2018 and this is the reason why these office bearers and followers of the UDP Umroi Circle are not happy with the UDP Umroi Circle. The UDP has decided not to give the ticket to Bah FD Ramsiej.
There were also preparations to strengthen security at all polling stations and more security will be strengthened at polling stations where there is more security.
However, after leaving the Secretariat when he announced to the public the outcome of the talks; Speaking to the police through loudspeakers, Bah Ardent and Bah Pyniaid said that the violence has become like a war, but what has happened should end, but what? “I told the police that you are like jams between two loaves of bread, the bread of the people and the bread of the government,” said Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
If it is found that they are only illegal residents, the union will take other measures.
The order was issued after a clash between the two groups led to the burning of three vehicles at Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Most of these foreigners have now returned to their villages.
When inquired, Marak said that as of now, the people appreciate this step taken by the traffic police for the safety of all passengers.
Besides these four candidates, Neha Rai got 43.50%, Subhash Subba, Ganga Rai, Demolin Thongni and Sunil Subba got 43.50%.
In fact, Dr Batskhem said the government should have curbed the overuse of private vehicles in Shillong and encouraged commercial vehicles.
After the departure of Bah HDR Lyngdoh to the UDP, the Congress has sought other candidates and in this search for a candidate, it has found the Custom officer who has agreed to contest.
The government's failure to release the funds especially during the Christmas season has upset the workers who have been waiting to use them during this festive season for their families.
At this meeting, speeches were also delivered by the elders who expressed their support for him.
Shillong, July 26: The Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament has come to an end on Thursday.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah HDR said that the turnout of these people once again encouraged him in preparation for the upcoming MLA elections.
These recommendations are based on the changes in the COVID-19 situation and on the evidence and experience of scientists around the world.
The first group entered the house by entering through the gate and tied the door and called for Bah Cherish to leave the house as he was surrounded by the police.
The discovery of lyngkhot trees in the vicinity of Mount Ararat, which are said to be about 4,000 years old, has raised the question of whether these trees may have been the fields of Noah's ark according to legend. in the High Court.
Don't wait until you are arrested and imprisoned for many years.
He urged the government to take action for the benefit of the people.
“As a public leader, I have received many complaints from the people of the constituency regarding this power outage,” he said.
If it can be done that much, believe me we will win the war on drugs.
“The purpose of this meeting is to encourage especially the youth who are still studying as well as those who have worked and have been affected not to feel lonely even though we are far from home,” he said. Samla Geoffrony Marbaniang, Publicity Secretary SSCPP, Shillong Unit.
In the second half, Rangdajied opened the scoring in the 65th minute through Chanmetre Thma through Samson Nongrum.
Shillong: U Jiten Sunar, 24, resident of Upper Mawprem, Shillong, has been admitted to Shillong Civil Hospital on 13th March
The road to Mawryngkhang was built by the residents of the Society who are members of the Society who are not educated as Engineers or Architects but who have skills and skills. don't have a different skill.
I personally believe that politics is a sacred profession for giving the right hand and the left hand in an effort to achieve the aspirations of the people.
So far, 600 people have been reported injured in the incident.
Lajong under the leadership of Bah Bobby L.Nongbet have 31 points after winning 8 times, drawing 7 times and losing 8 times out of 23 games.
Shillong, Jymmang :The Sengkhasi Sohiong Pyllun on Tuesday met with the Rajya Sabha MP Prof. Rakesh Sinha to request for assistance from the Government of India. .
He also demanded that the government should hand over the land of the Saitsohpen sirdarship which was taken over by the government in 1992, as the Saitsohpen sirdarship has been received since the time of the British.
“Eventually I can appoint her and she will hold the same portfolios she held before,” he said.
The decision of the meeting was taken on the basis of the lack of confidence and attention of the Syiem of Hima Khyrim to the grievances of the people of Mawiong.
He said they want to implement what they failed in West Bengal here in Meghalaya as well.
“He said the court has not looked at what it has ordered earlier, but has made it clear that the matter will be left to the government and the Legislative Assembly to see from what date they will implement it. the Roster System.
Shillong: The rainfall in Sohra today has reached 161.0mm while today it has received 99.2mm.
This was announced by the BDO of Jirang, Bah HK Thabah at a public hearing on government schemes at Center Village, New Jirang on Friday.
However, the sad thing is that it has been seen that there are other people who are not citizens or foreigners who have taken advantage of this activities in almost all these places.
Speaking on the occasion were Hubert Marbaniang, President, 19th Shillong Mandal, A. Marwein, Secretary, MCIC 19th South Shillong, V. Marbaniang, President, BJP Greater Lumparing Unit. Sanbor Shullai, MLA also cut the cake and distributed sweets and other food items to the people. , youth and children, organized by the Greater Lumparing BJP Unit and a prayer was conducted by Father, Bah T Mawlong.
Hyc War Jaintia, under the leadership of Publicity Secretary Samla Riki Mukhim, today arrested dozens of Bangladeshis who came to work as fishermen and trade in fish at Dawki market. .
We firmly believe that through this Behdieñkhlam, it will also encourage the nation to have a spirit of love and unity as a small nation in the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
However, there are some people who have come to the KHADC office, later claiming that their property has been seized from the Dkhars and this has upset the district council authorities especially the EM. Latiplang Kharkongor, because they are not Khasi, they have given land to the Dkhars.
However, at the same time, Tripathi said that the company has been repairing the bad parts of the road from time to time.
The meeting, chaired by Dr DRL Nonglait President of KAS, delivered a speech by Pastor P Hynniewta, Leader of the KJP Assembly. in Ri Khasi on 22nd July 1841 and the KJP Assembly celebrated the 175th Anniversary of the Coming of the Gospel in
This was discovered on Tuesday morning when a foreigner who appeared to have just arrived in Shillong to sell drugs, antibiotics and other drugs. medicine for shyieng in Judah.
Ardent said it is useless to be a leader if he cannot control his own people.
The program was held in line with the theme of WHO's 2023 celebrations, and the theme is 'Let Communities Lead' The Plan India has been implemented in seven states of the North East, Delhi, Gujarat. citizen and youth participation through various forums and platforms.
This section of the road at the scene of the incident was owned by the ARSS company which has been awarded the construction of the two lane road.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 2 cases, one is a health worker and one is a high risk contact.
The two most important amendments to the above Clauses, Clause B(6) and Clause D(2), have been deleted from the reference to “backlog reserved vacancies” and “ recruitment cycle.
Narwan SC won the match after beating Jarain SC 3-2. Living Phawa scored two goals in the 2′,41′ and Meki Suiam in the 14′.
It is our responsibility to fight against these ideas,” Sangma said.
A meeting was held at the party headquarters in Upper New Nongstoiñ, in the presence of Francis Pondit R. Sangma, former MLA Mawshynhrut. He also confirmed that he will apply for the ticket from Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency.
In the U-16 men's category, Umsning Proper-A beat Brothers 2-2 in the tie breaker. They beat Brothers United 4-2
The vote for Mamata Banerjee is not a good idea for the people of the state.
It will be seen what happens after 10 days as the government wants to warn all the policemen until the report of the Judicial Inquiry comes out.
Ms Evanjoplin congratulated HITO for its two years of service to the community and wished it to continue to provide good service to the state.
My father also has the same feeling,” said Sangma.
Therefore, the Seng demands that the Syiem should punish all those involved in this illegal act which is also against the Forest Act 1972 and Environment Protection Act
The Hima Sutnga Youth Federation (HSYF) Joint VDP Sutnga District, the villages which have to pass through the DSSMH Road, Moopala, Sutnga, Mookympad, Tluh, Latyrke, Lamyrsiang, Jaraiñ, together with the Office of the Acting Doloi of Sutnga District, Ma Damewanhi Rymbai has signed a social agreement with the Jowai Municipal Board to dump the garbage from Jowai Town to Moolymliang Village on his own land. in Sutnga District.
Mawkyrwat, June 11: The newly formed Body of the South West Khasi Hills Mines Owners and Exporters Association (SWKHMO&EA) will hold another general meeting at Nonghyllam, June at 11:00 am.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The BJYM Meghalaya has sent a letter to Sujata, General Manager of BSNL Meghalaya SSA, Shillong regarding the lack of services provided by the department through the telephone. The internet connectivity in the state has caused a lot of problems to the employees especially to the students of the state.
We as the public have the right to access information by applying and seeking our information through this Act.
“We want to get detailed information since the beginning of the coal ban in the state in
With this, the farmers have been exempted from paying taxes and will be able to benefit more.
Therefore, the union requests the authorities in charge of banks to install ATM machines in these areas, so that the people of these two areas can benefit, said the statement. Bah Moonstar Nongrem.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday demanded that the Government should immediately reject the letter.
The Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñlang N Syiem said that the Executive Committee will not only sit in the office to collect the documents regarding the border areas, but will also visit the border residents to meet with them. to know the facts regarding the role of the Council for the demarcation in the second phase.
At the same time, he urged the VPP leaders to stop the Reservation Policy in the state.
“We are considering to introduce a bill in the House to ban the employment of PSs in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution,” he said.
Arien Bonchang Sangma, wicketkeeper behind the stump of Meghalaya, said it was also a good day for him when he caught nine balls which were tied by the Arunachal bowlers. to your field.
When this last ruler or false christ shall enter into that glorious land, and shall destroy many nations of the earth.
There are older leaders who are generous and ready to help the younger ones whether they are from the ruling or the opposition.
" “As the Church as a whole, we strongly condemn such incidents and if they continue to happen, we as the Catholic Church will have to take a stronger stance against such perpetrators. .
For decades this will affect the Khasi and Jaintia youth if it is implemented from the beginning and not from now on.
The implementation of this project also revealed many shortcomings in the estimates and others not according to the plan, estimates and specifications.
I have become a well-known politician and have a good position.
A skit by Haide and Ïasnohktilang, a dance by Monsngewbha and other special programmes.
On Monday, there were 408 cases and Uttarakhand has 1,925 cases, including 13 deaths in the past 24 hours.
For example, Youdishthra Bhama from Assam has set up a coal factory (M/S Kalyani Fuel Limited) in Shallang, West Khasi Hills.
Umsning, Naitung 17: The Nongpoh Sumo Owners and Drivers Association (NSODA) has held a public meeting for all Sumo drivers from Umsning to Shillong. Its units include Umsning, Nongpoh and Mawhati.
"Is that right, Hep?" asked the brother.
It is very surprising how he intends to hold this program again; Earlier, he ordered to clean up the village with a program known as “Swachhata Pakhwada” from 15-30 September 2023 in which government offices will also have to participate in the campaign. “It is not known whether any fund has been received for this program or whether it has disappeared in the middle of the road,” said a government officer.
“We start selling here from 6 pm and even at 11 pm we stay here and there are no more problems,” said the jhur vendors from Mawlai.
He said that in the recruitment process in the state, only two ethnic groups, Garo and Khasi, were divided 40/40 while Jaintia was included in the Khasi ethnic group. The court has decided to provide jobs to the Garo people who have lost their jobs since these years.
Rajya Sabha MP Dr Wanweiroi Kharlukhi on Thursday inaugurated the 50th Anniversary (1970-2020) of the Moosalyngkat Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Union (WJC) in a statement sent by the Education Secretary of War Jaintia Circle, Samla S.Mahrhen of Muksor, has congratulated the students who have passed and failed in the SSLC examination. HSSLC of MBOSE will be held on 27th June
Support staff includes Rupashree Sharma (head coach), Bhakupar Mylliemngap (assistant coach), Sweetie Marboh (trainer), Jakrim Bal D Arengh (physio), manager to be decided. Meghalaya vs Assam, November 17; Me Ghlaya vs Jammu & Kashmir, November 19; May Ghalaya vs Nagaland, November 21; Meghalaya vs Delhi, November 23; Meghalaya vs Karnataka, November 25.
When contacted by the village authorities, they said that the road has been improved by the village through the contribution of the residents and the villagers. The total cost of improving the road is T.69,000 tyngka excluding the daily wages of the villagers, and the improved section is about 150 meters long.
The DC Jowai's appeal to the people came after there was a threat to raise the tricolor flag of the country in front of the garbage on Independence Day against the government's opposition to the demand for the removal of garbage from Jowai.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Conrad said, “We have spoken to him and informed him about the ongoing talks on the border settlement issue and the Prime Minister has expressed his concern over various incidents. and why this issue cannot be resolved in the country”.
India is now pressuring Switzerland to provide information to those who have money and banks in Switzerland, despite the country's opposition to the plan. Country.
“Besides sending the letter to the Prime Minister, the BJP Meghalaya has also sent it to the BJP National President JP Nadda and General Secretary Rituraj Sinha,” he said.
These youths are Khasi, Jaintia and Garo youths as well as Christian youths.
After taking the lead in the first innings, Sikkim suffered in the second innings with only three players scoring 10 runs, the highest run being scored by Siddharth 40 runs.
On the contrary, the meeting went smoothly and there was no confusion from start to finish.
On the other hand, the Seng requests through this newspaper to the District Administration especially the DC to take action for the construction of the monument to Woh Kiangnonbah as requested by The RJYF-Central Body (SBYWA-Central Body) has concluded this statement with the SBYWA-Central Body.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Albinus Lamurong, President of the MPLU, said that the Union has already sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District regarding the coal trade. illegal within the state.
In the letter, he said that many media outlets have broadcast the incident in which the police have thrown sticks and shot at the people which has also caused injuries to many people. They also used tear gas which caused confusion and riots among the people in the area.
After the march, they held a public meeting at Ladthadlaboh Square for a while.
Recently, the NIA has filed a criminal complaint in connection with the incident.
The Syiem of Sohra said that the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills through an order dated 10th June, 2024 has banned the collection of taxes on this road according to the rules and regulations of the Hima. An order was issued on June 13, 2022 to charge a tax of T.200 per vehicle.
Shillong: Malki SC in a statement, Secretary Rilang Mylliempdah, today announced that the selection of players will be held on the 25th of this month. 30th and 31st of this month at JN Complex, Polo.
Although the vehicle and the MLA were not arrested, due to the violation of the order of the authorities, the police escort and personal security officers (PSO) were suspended. They were sent back to Shillong.
“Whatever action the department takes will be in accordance with the law and we are not here to help anyone and the people involved in violating the law will not be released, but Before you take any step, you have to find out the truth.
Only God knows.
Not only that, the land fee for 200 acres of land which is 8 lakh tyngka of the Kur Kukalang together with the Kur Nongkhkaw has not been received yet. The Defense Ministry has also sent a written record to the Kur since 1986 in which the Defense Ministry has directed the Kur to take their rights from the DC office Shillong.
Sherita said she has sent letters to the government and other departments and corporations but has not received any reply.
In the days of Noah, God was very angry, so he brought a deluge of waters upon the earth, and all flesh died, both man and beast.
The announcement by the Director of Agriculture in the past few days that the consumption of pork is not harmful, has also raised the question of many whether the department has There are places like the border with Assam in Ri Bhoi or Byrni Hat to check whether these species of animals coming from Assam are healthy.
“At this meeting to be convened by the government, we will submit our demands,” said Samla Jyrwa.
Assam Rifles beat PFR Academy 5-3 in a tie breaker after a goalless draw in the first leg of the tournament. to 90 minutes.
This is the second incident of killing by an elephant in Garo Hills in just 10 days.
Hi its me john please if you have any questions please call me on
They will have to come to Delhi and we will sit down to discuss development projects for the future.
to market the synsar produced in the ribhoi area by the farmers in his area.
“I send my condolences on this incident,” Sangma said.
Nongstoiñ, July 7: Under the leadership of Franklin Sohbar President of the Kur Sohbar Youth Association, today held a meeting to discuss the issue of On July 7, they launched two ambulance vehicles in the area.
Matgrik K Sangma, District Mental Health Program Officer, expressed his concern over the increase in suicides by the residents of the district.
“These 50-60 people who are still there, when they leave, they should inform the village.
“In the past few days, I have seen that two of my friends, Bah Julius Dorphang MLA Mawhati and Bah Adelbert Nongrum MDC Jaiaw, have been arrested. they want to be saved.
This refers to the angels of heaven who followed Lucifer Satan when God cast him out of heaven.
Fenugreek seeds have therapeutic properties that reduce the symptoms of pneumonia and reduce inflammation.
About 3000 players from all over the districts will take part in the tournament in 23 games to be held at 16 venues in Tura.
Tiwari said that many varieties of soh can be produced from sohphan which is a commodity that the state can produce and it is difficult to produce this soh.
Replying, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said that the State Government strongly opposes the UCC's objectives and ideas as it goes against the foundation of India which is a multi-ethnic country.
However, this is not the case, as the flight of the EAC flights is due to the celebration of the 84th Anniversary of the EAC, which started on 30th November and ended today at Hynniewmer, Shillong.
He said that Assam's plan to build a university at Khanduli will also affect many areas of the villagers.
“I am an employee working for the party, whatever responsibility is given to me, I will take it,” he said. ".
Shillong: Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie has slammed the employees of Meghalaya House in Assam and Kolkata, alleging that they do not have the courtesy to welcome people from Meghalaya when they come to look for accommodation. part of your needs.
This shows that many of the youth in the state and the country have not been educated, worked or trained, so they cannot manage their power to work and do anything.
The High Court said that those who get 100 marks in the written examination get 293 marks in the personal interview, those who get 95 marks get 188 marks in the personal interview while those who get only 94 marks get 250 marks in the personal interview. whoever gets the highest in writing is rejected.
Even the pylleng has to be imported from abroad because the state itself produces only a little, not even a little.
First-century Palestinian society can be read in the form of a pyramid; at the bottom there were the common people, such as fishermen, slaves, day laborers, the lepers, and above there were the Caesars of the Roman Empire, the Governors and the Ministers.
In the 40+ Men's Singles, Marbiangki Bareh beat Damehi Kyndiah by 21/18, 22/20. In the Women's Singles, Balashembha Passah beat Alvinia Kma by 21/15 and 22/2
However, in this age, people are no longer able to do what God has purposed for them to be.
The doctors of NEIGRIHMS, said that they are very pleased that the number of cases of pulmonary hypertension has increased. valve stenosis, which prevents the flow of blood from the blood vessels to the blood vessels, has been successful.
He decided to become a merchant and a stockist.
He is a resident of Nongrim Hills Shillong and has been working at the bank since
Then there are Umtyra, Nongsning, Umrasong, Mynkre, Chiehruphi, Wahiajer, Thangskai, New Musiang, Old Lamare and Umrasiang.
These three struggles for change in the Khadar system have encouraged and inspired the countries of the world which are under the rule of one person or military rule and so on.
The examination (online) conducted by the NIOS has been conducted in all five constituencies in Ri-Bhoi District. Pala, has won the election against Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, the joint candidate of the MDA Government. In Mawhati, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh received 15,404 votes, while in Jirang, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh received 15,234 votes. In Umsning he received 15485 votes, in Nongpoh he received 15151 votes and in Umroi he received 5256 votes. He received 11896 votes and defeated the UDP candidate who received only 6420 votes.
The Dorbar Shnong Lapangap has expressed its gratitude to the JHDS and Father Manbha Pakem who was quick to bless the families of Lapangap.
Speakers including Treiborlang Suchen, HANM President L Kharbani, KSU West Jaintia Hills President Laitphar Syngkrem and others condemned the KAAC for setting up the gate at Khanduli and demanded that the KAAC should withdraw immediately. eighth.
Expressing their dissatisfaction with the behavior of the rioters, the MLAs said that these behaviors are unacceptable especially when the Prime Minister is talking to reach a solution.
Furthermore, the KSU will soon conduct public awareness campaigns on the rights of children through the Units and Circles under the jurisdiction of the KSU, said a statement from Forwardman Nongrem President KSU. South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, March 08: The meeting of the Rangbah Shnong Empowerment Committee headed by Bah DD Lapang will be held on the 16th at the Secretariat.
Speaking to media, Anglus Sun, President of MTAM, thanked the Meghalaya government for providing financial assistance to its athletes who recently came to Dubai to compete.
Furthermore, she encouraged the SHGs to work harder to improve and expand their activities.
Looking at the problems faced by the people, it is difficult to explain, the discrimination against those living in the border areas, unemployment, ILP, the attempt to build a railway line, the influx of foreigners, the uranium issue, the increase in drug trafficking and consumption and others.
The PM CARES for Children scheme is for those who have lost their parents to COVID-19, said Lulu Lyngdoh.
Of course, in elections it is necessary to speak on principles and promises.
Satan will enter into that Man of sin, and will rule as an enemy over this world during those 3 and a half years and during those times of sealing (4, 5, 6, 7 Seals) Revelation 6:12-17 / Revelation 8:7
Shillong, November 29: Mawlai MDC Process T Sawkmie has strongly condemned the throwing of stones at the statue of Jesus Christ in Mawlai Phudmuri on the night of 24th November. They are waiting for the day of celebration of the coming of Jesus into the world.
The President of Mawlai Circle, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh in his speech expressed his gratitude to the Nongkohlew Unit for organizing such a programme. Raise".
On the other hand, the CEM promised to ensure that the issuance of building permits will be smooth and faster as the new department not only makes it easier for the people to get permits to build houses but also helps to increase the revenue collection of the Council.
And the perfect marriage to build a strong, happy, hopeful family in the future and enduring despite many challenges in life is the second of these three types of marriage and that is marriage or marriage at the wrong time.
This vehicle is registered ML02-0
“Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away".
The MSPB has 10 to 15 invitees who are not government officials but members or leaders of political parties allied with the government.
What don’t we have here? We have all the basic necessities – water, adequate land, intelligent citizens.
The English name is often insufficient because even in the English language they are called by many names in their places.
Kyrshan was the leader of the KSU during the tenure of Pyndap Saiborn as the general secretary of the KSU.
Shillong, Naitung 10 : The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, on Tuesday said that he does not agree with the allegation that Meghalaya is at the bottom of the list of states in the country in terms of education. you read.
U Bah AL Hek, Minister of State and MLA of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from Pynthorumkhrah constituency, said that the Roster System should be implemented from now on and not from the past years. go away.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by senior officers from the PWD department, including Bah PR Marwein, Secretary PWD, EEs from the PWD department, Rangbah Shnongs and others. There were many elders in Byrnihat.
The song was performed by Nula Genius, Marba Shadap and makeup artists Banrie Lyngdoh and Nazia Sahani.
Other small parties and independents will also get only a small amount but they may become the color of the government if the BJP or Congress fail to form a government on their own.
The project was launched in November
Vincent H Pala, MP from Shillong and President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee, has strongly criticized the BJP-ruled government in Manipur for burning down many churches in the past few days. in the state of Manipur.
Sangma said the current reserves of coal is 10 lakh tonnes, while the government estimates that it has 32 lakh tonnes and the coal will now be sold by Coal India Limited (CIL). How will the state respond to the estimate of 22 lakh tonnes of coal, which is not available in the mines?
The meeting was led by the Chairman of the Dorbar and was attended by the Sordar of the Village, the Village Officers and the Village Elders, the women and youth who proclaimed the importance of Thank you very much for your contribution to the social work in this village and the area as a whole.
Shillong: Before the start of the Legislative Assembly on 10th November 2021, the opposition has convened a meeting of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) to discuss the issues of the residents of the state. They are mad, so that they can ask for clarification from the government before the Legislative Assembly.
However, she continued her service in the Department of Agriculture of the Government of Meghalaya in the form of deputation until
“At present, these illegal activities have decreased significantly because no one wants to commit illegal activities when the challans have been issued for the transportation of coal from the state,” said Pala.
Shillong, Nailur 11: After the launch of the Meghalaya Rural Public Tran Sport Service Scheme in East Khasi Hills recently, HDr Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Transport, has launched the scheme. 4 more vehicles for Ri-Bhoi District.
He said the lack of adequate schools in the area is a problem faced by the families in order to educate their children. “There is only one secondary school run by the government and there is no discussion on colleges,” he said.
According to police, Victoria committed suicide on the night of 5th November inside the toilet at Dispur Police Station.
Cleanliness promotes good character by keeping the body, mind and soul clean and tidy.
The UDP has sent the name of Dr Jemino Mawthoh to the MDA as the joint candidate if possible, but it is up to the Coordination Committee to decide.
After drinking milk, Bah Shanbor sat down for a while and left with the joy that Maheh, one of the elders of the village, had offered to cooperate in all the activities of the village. you don't thaw.
In the Dkhar country, in the villages, the symboh is burned in the fire before being thrown into the stone.
These weapons were supposed to be delivered to the militants in Kashmir, police said.
There are seven candidates for the constituency, Samlin Malngiang of the NPP, Osborne Kharjana of the Congress, Stoding Thabah of the TMC, Serap Eric Kharbuki of the BJP; Congress MP from Wayanad, Rahul Gandhi, has been removed from the post of MP after a court in Surat convicted him. relating to a particular case.
Bah RF Lyngdoh, Basan Raid Mawlieh, met with the owners of the houses and requested the police and Pynursla Civil Sub Division to seek immediate assistance to the family.
How can the Roster System solve these problems? As it turns out, there are many errors in the State Reservation Policy and also in the following OMs. which is intended to be implemented from the beginning.
The organization was founded in 1997 with the aim of attracting the youth who live, work and study in Shillong.
It is to be recalled that the electricity supply in the village has been suspended due to the attack by the Assam police in Langpih on the residents of the village which happened on the 15th of June. This year also resulted in the injury of 28 people including women.
“At the meeting held on 14th March 2023, the residents of this area have decided to oppose the Notification issued by the Government of Assam on 13th June 1951, “These notifications have been implemented without the consent of the residents of Block-1,” he said.
That is why when Peter preached in Judea and Jerusalem, many listened.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that this will be a milestone in the Government's efforts to work with the villages to promote tourism.
Here in our state, it has been very good because the government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma has banned many commercial vehicles from traveling in the cities like Shillong, Tura, Jowai, Nongpoh. Car Passes were obtained for unavoidable purposes.
Repent of your thoughts and heart and turn to God and call upon His name for help.
Less than 100 supporters of the Congress party who attended the rally were Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, Bah PT Sawkmie, Dr Azad Saman, MDCs Bah Banjop Pyngrope, Mr. Carnes Sohshang and Mr. Charles Marngar.
If children and families are polite and respectful, what a pride and joy for parents.
"“......all the money comes from the Assembly and then goes to the implementing agencies.
HANM, Ri Bhoi District, has urged the state government and especially Bah Prestone Tynsong, to fulfill his promise to build the road from Umsning to Sonidan. , in which the party said that if Bah Prestone Tynsong, makes a promise and misleads the people, it means that the party will not hesitate to take other stronger measures, from The road is also a very important road for the people of the area.
From North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai, Reesa Ee Christine Suting came 11th, Mendelson M Langstang came 14th and Rilanaika Sari came 20th.
He also said that the BJP has abolished the Planning Commission and now the states of the North East are suffering from lack of funds.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday appealed to the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) to stop the search operation. you are at peace.
Ryndia is a special dress worn by the elders on any special occasion such as celebrations, gatherings and when there are more special occasions at home.
KW Nongrum urged the people of the area not to issue NOCs or sell Challans to foreigners and urged the government authorities especially the KHADC, Hima Syiems and Village Authorities. to cancel the NOCs and trading licenses issued to foreigners.
No public march shall be allowed after the counting of votes and only two supporters of the winning candidate shall be allowed to receive the certificate of victory from the Returning Officer after the counting of votes.
On the other hand, Dr. Bina said that the authorities should investigate and collect a thorough report to investigate and collect information whether the robbers involved in illegal activities are residents of the villages. state or from out of state; and also to check whether the robbers involved in these illegal activities are involved in drinking alcoholic beverages.
The 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 has brought out the best men and women who have competed in weightlifting and in this game, the athletes have come from all over the districts to compete for the title.
The Lamphang said that it is the government's intention to open the building in November this year.
Trinamool Congress MP Derek O'Brien has alleged that the BJP has no intention of empowering women.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26 : Congress Leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh on Tuesday alleged that the MDA government has surrendered to the Assam government and its authorities.
In a statement sent by NPP Nongpoh Block Secretary Lawrence Nongrum, NPP Nongpoh Block Secretary Rayonald Kharkamni, Stoin R.Syngkli and Minsing Makri, The Working President of the NPP Nongpoh Block, has strongly condemned the statement of Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, which said that the statement of Bah Plielad Tiewsoh is baseless and does not contain the truth. They have misled the people of Nongpoh constituency and that it is only for the purpose of elections.
Manipur has been in bloodshed since 3rd June, with 150 people injured and thousands of others displaced.
He said that the remaining part of Phase-III will remain until they get the permission from the Hima.
The law will do whatever it takes".
In another Zone 2 match, Tura DCA, which lost yesterday, is expected to return with a victory against North Garo Hills DCA at Salpara.
The meeting was chaired by Bah Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the Regional Committee on the issue of the border between Assam and Meghalaya. Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, Nongpoh MLA, Mawhati MLA Dasakhiatbha Lamare, Mawhati MLA, Ri-Bhoi MLA Arpit Upadhay, Member Secretary of the Committee. , Hima and Village Rulers from Syiems, Ministers of Himas and Raids and others.
In the men's singles, Gilbert Wahlang won the open category while Banteilang Lyngdoh came second.
Ribahun Kharjahrin, Class 9 of Rev. JJM Nichols Roy Memorial Secondary School, Nongstoin, took part in this program and said, “In these 5 days, I have benefited a lot from how to walk and stand. , to introduce themselves and show courtesy.
Members of the Parliamentary Standing Committee held a meeting with the heads of state governments of the North East at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
Although Shillong Lajong FC beat United at home and drew 1-1 with Delhi FC in Chandigarh, they did not play well in this match.
Speaking to media, u Bah Rymbui said, “On the incident yesterday, the department is still waiting for the report from the police department. Section 144 has been violated and they have not received permission to leave”.
“Even in the midst of the crisis, the Rangbah Shnongs of the border areas in the disputed areas between the Assam and Meghalaya governments have refused to accept the offer of food aid from the Assam government and the Assam leaders,” said the President of the Assam government. at JSU Lawyerson War.
Tickets for the festival will be on sale from this month.
This state is the home of Bah Hoover Hynniewta, Bah GG Swell, Bah BB Lyngdoh and so on.
Many times it makes him sleepless, but he is happy to see that many parents and youths are getting hope from the various educational opportunities available at this Institute.
If it is true that the IIPH has given advice to the Principal Secretary, this advice ends only in the four corners of the Secretariat and not anywhere else”.
Speaking to media, Marak said that on their demand to provide LPG gas for cooking food for the school children, it is difficult, but the department has taken action to discuss. and the Deputy Commissioners, on this issue.
The KSU leader said that during the recent inspection of the Mawsynram CHC, the KSU found many shortcomings such as water supply, maintenance of the hospital and also the hospital needs an ultrasound. and X-ray and another ambulance.
When we look at the writing style these days, the shortcut writing is very simple.
He said that Meghalaya is one of the few states in the country where 95% of women in rural areas are involved in SGHs. in SHGs in the state compared to 35,000 before
Speaking to u SP News Agency, NHAI Project Director SK Verma said that more than 300 people have been affected by the fast tag scanner.
Therefore, on behalf of the Seng through this media, we urge the Dorbar Shnongs and the public not to block the public roads with stones or trees so that it will not cause damage. any unpleasantness or sorrow in our society.
Once you think about it, why is there death? Why did God put death in man? Perhaps it is the question that man asks himself why there is death, because death itself is the end of man on this earth, that everyone who came to this world must die.
Later, the leaders of India, realizing that they would soon gain independence from the British, began to devise evil plans to conquer the surrounding areas, including the Indian Ocean. Your Khasi country.
He mentioned the historic event and thoughts shared by Wing Commander Rakesh Sharma, the first Indian to go into space. “There is no border with other countries and that the world is like one family in which all things are the same for all”.
Finally, the MPLU urged the government to provide assistance to the members of the Bar Council of Meghalaya.
Do what is beneficial, but if it is only a good deed, it is better to stop what is bad.
After a few days, it is easier to harvest the shying.
When contacted by the police, they said that they are still searching for the suspect and request anyone who has any information or suspicions about the suspect to inform the police. you need it.
Sailung Ialong came from behind to win the title after scoring two goals in the first minute.
Himalaya today left the BJP after 40 months of joining the party in November last year and contested the Mawsynram MLA election but was defeated by the BJP candidate. UDP by Holland Sing Suin.
In a recent meeting in Guwahati, Prestone Tynsong said that soon there will be another meeting between the Prime Ministers and after that, they will meet with him. Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs and it is there that they will sign the soskular, which they will announce to the people of the state.
If we neglect the environment, the disaster will not come back to us.
At the same time, he asked whether Meghalaya has been run by the owners of dewbilat factories from Jaintia Hills to the point that they don't feel anything to bomb and tie mothers and children.
The government may accept it or it may reject it.
Police of Rynjah Police station on Tuesday, on Tuesday, took the bodies of two children under the age of 4 years from a forest near the village. Noble Bringer.
“The new MLA of Sohiong, has started new development works, new ideas, new minds in the House,” said Bah Synshar.
The order came after the sudden storm across the state on Sunday.
The celebration was held at 10:00 pm in the presence of members of the Centre, students of the Centre, Rangbah Shnong, Presidents and Secretaries of Youth Clubs of Sohra. , the elderly and the youth.
He said that the JSU and the Synjuk Waheh Shnong Jowai will go to the Transport and Art & Culture Department of the State Government to demand for the land and to make it one of the places to beautify the city. Jowai.
Under the NEP 2020, it will also provide training to children who have their own skills to start their own businesses to get 50% training by 2025 for students lass 9 to 12 as well as children. who went to school.
Last year (131st edition) the country's football star Sunil Chhetri won the trophy for the first time in his career.
On 6.3.2007, TV CNNIBN, exposed the fraudulent activities of MK Subha, MP, who is a foreigner from Nepal and has forged his documents, birthday, school, and the place of birth and alleged fugitive & convict from Nepal.
This was done in consultation and cooperation with the village leaders.
For example, in the lyngngam areas, what is the value of the money earned through coal if those people don't know how to use the money.
“I am not saying that all the works have been done under the leadership of the MDA government, but when they look at the works that the government has already done in the last three and a half years especially in “The government has done well at this time when the state is facing the crisis,” he said.
A true reader, when he reads carefully the books written by others, also learns to illustrate, draw examples and improve himself.
Furthermore, the Seng has found that these two companies which are constructing this road do not even have a Work Permit for the construction of this work.
The DGP's inspection followed a meeting with the media held at his office.
, Mukhla Umlangshor beat Thadmuthlong Stadium 1-0
Speaking to media, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said, “I believe that the people also demand the same that there should be an independent investigation into this incident. , you should understand that there is an incident that has been reported as a “Fake Encounter”.
The Minister also urged the students to be disciplined and punctual in their studies while emphasizing the importance of personal and working life and added that discipline and punctuality is important. good in life, for time is the treasure of life.
God will punish you.
Witnesses of the incident had to stop their vehicle to escape from the crematorium in the middle of the road.
The vaccination program is divided into three phases, the first phase from 7-12 January 2023, the second phase from 11-16 January 2023 and the third phase starting April 9-14, 2023.
Ri-Bhoi Police have arrested a youth named Ricky Diengdoh from Byrnihat at around 6 pm this morning. Police immediately raided a house in Byrnihatgoan, Aamtola, Assam and seized one drugs from Byrnihatgoan, Aamtola, Assam. Police found a bag of marijuana weighing about 17.6 kilos on top of the building.
He said the party congratulates the Chief Secretary for his willingness to take the time to meet with the party leaders and also for his hope to achieve the party's demands.
The group has committed the same crime many times and has urged to lodge an FIR which has already been registered.
Some of the villages which have been affected by the rainfall are Mawphyrnai and Mawtharap which fall under the Sordar Mawnai. The Rangbah Shnong of Mawphyrnai, Sheban Lyngdoh and the Secretary, Phurklar Lyngdoh, have been affected by the cold weather. They expressed their disappointment over the sudden cold weather and heavy rain on Sunday at 1 pm, without thinking of anything. “We were planning to gather for another 10 or 10 days when the rain will be better but we found this disaster. We are also planning to host a big service in December in Mawphyrnai,” he said. .
He tries to understand the meaning of freedom and a fulfilling life.
It is only a unique number such as a Mobile Number for the identification of an individual.
The Football Players' Association of India (FPAI) has launched its 10th Annual Football Awards (IFAs) at the Paljor Stadium in Gangtok, Sikkim.
At the meeting held today, it was proposed to build LED bulbs in the state. The provision of solar electricity has brought about a change in the villages, said the Chief Minister. state.
The incident took place in Barpeta district, Assam.
In the first and second centuries, Christians were the smallest group in the Roman Empire, yet they showed genuine character as followers of Jesus Christ, speaking and giving of themselves in behalf of others.
During his one-day visit to Diphu, he laid the foundation stone of several projects worth Rs 500 crore including the Veterinary College at Diphu, the Degree College at West Karbi Anglong and the Agricultural College at Kolonga.
Many people with rheumatoid arthritis often refuse to exercise for fear of spreading or causing other illnesses that affect the body more severely. The body should be supplemented regularly with medication for those who suffer from severe and chronic respiratory diseases.
Those who violate the Act will be imprisoned for up to nine years and fined between T.50,000 and T.5 lakh.
These ambulances have also been funded through the SAG for the year 2019-2
Rupang has received information through the RTI from the office of the state education department that since 2013-2015 the government has not been able to release all the food fees for the children who fall under the border of the state and the reason given is that there is no money.
Listening to the speeches and testimonies of the 'thei nuti through digital media, one can understand how stupid they have become.
The vehicle was damaged on the road from Pynthor Sale to Moolamanoh to Rymbui road.
Sputnik CC, who tied first, managed to score 115 runs for the loss of all wickets in 31.4 overs in the first innings.
He said a letter has been sent to the government but they have not yet received any reply.
Speaking on the works done by the MDA government for the benefit of the people, he said that the Union Minister of Jal Shakti has said that Meghalaya is at the forefront in terms of Implementation of Jal Jeevan Mission in the State.
“Umsyiem area is a hotspot for smuggling of meat, clothes, cosmetics and other goods to Bangladesh and there are many brokers in this area who are trying to smuggle meat, clothes, cosmetics and other goods to Bangladesh. The BSF said that the 'West Jaintia Hills District Level Inter School Football Tournament' has been held in the country. The 2023 tournament was organized by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District today. The tournament was held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai, West. Jaintia Hills District.
In worship we often see people who want to be praised and honored.
He also stated that the plan is to rebuild the wall soon, as soon as possible with stronger and more durable ones, even in the rain.
“Why doesn't the TMC in the INDIA Block have to arrange for 42 constituencies to contest in West Bengal, while Meghalaya, which has only two Lok Sabha constituencies, is looking for reasons?” he asked. .
The way the BJP has forced the opposition through the IT and CBI has made many of the opposition leaders unable to work. Leaders of both the BJP and Congress have taken part in the handshake as the election campaign approaches.
Skhemlingki Pale (42') and Rlima Pale (62') scored the goals for Mulang Ialong.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has called off an indefinite strike on 9th March after the Union of Dewbilat Factories in East Jaintia Hills The district has agreed to allocate 40 trucks per day.
If we emphasize that we cannot, they will say that you have given one word or that word and thus it will be difficult for the Government to emphasize.
The Dorbar of the village has decided to demand the immediate release of these five Rangbah Shnong.
The parents and the youth welcomed the KHADC team in Pnar.
The presence of a lot of protein in the body can protect against many diseases through the help of antibodies.
Every woman should read these 30 rules for godly women.
“We would like to request you regarding the danger that will arise from the collision which happened on 06/08/2023 at Lad Mawkhap.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court has warned against punishing anyone who tries to delay the construction and operation of the Umroi Airport which the state government has allocated T.18.17 crore for. own property.
Shortly after this incident, when the Pnars were farming in these hills and rivers, they found these shyieng tyrpeng people and they named the river Umtyrpeiñ after finding these shyieng tyrpeng people in this river.
He said that the polling station which has to be used by boat to reach the polling station is Kamsing Polling Station in Amlarem Sub Division which has only 35 voters.
Jowai, Jymmang 23: The S.E.LD Committee (S.E.LD) of Mowkaiaw Presbytery, has held an awareness program on 'Violence Against Women' at Khatkasla village on 21/3/2 .
Application forms are available from the office of the Regional Transport Officer, Jowai.
The District authorities of East Jaintia Hills have been struggling to pump water from the crematorium for the past 10 days and until today the water has not been low at all.
It is during his tenure that the state has improved significantly in sports because in 2018 when the NEOG was first started in Manipur, the state won only three gold medals but this time it has won 36 gold medals. gold medal and came fourth.
He added that in fact the Director, Assistant Director and officers of the Tourist Department should have thought carefully as directed by the government.
She said that as a believer she believes that what happens is God's guidance for the good.
He was speaking at a public meeting held by the HBDRF and the LNPC in Mukroh in the presence of Mukroh MDC Aibor Shadap.
It is a shame for the state and the citizens to know that Meghalaya is at the bottom in terms of education instead of improving.
He said that he was removed as a member of the executive committee from this Dorbar because he demanded to vote by voting to elect the village office bearers.
They demanded that the NEHU authorities should provide buses to leave by taking wai from private companies until they get their own bus.
That's why we need to fix, we need the National Parties,” said Bah Star.
The Apostle Paul said, “Salvation is found in no one else (God): Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved. 4:10-12.
“You're still going that night...” She said again. “It won't be that night...” said Bah Deng.
They are from Laskein and sell kyiad in the shop.
Thank you for reading.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the purpose of the North East Olympic Games is not only to provide venues but especially for the athletes to compete.
In the afternoon after the celebration of the Sacrament and receiving the special blessing of the Blessed Sacrament of the Altar, the Diocesan Day celebration was held, with traditional dances, songs, short dramas from various parishes of Kyrmen Shylla MLA, Minister of State for Social Welfare, etc., was the chief guest.
These two are the words of these Prophets of God at that time and they are still speaking to us today.
On the other hand, the struggle of the market vendors and day laborers for the right to earn a living and other basic needs has been long and prolonged.
Shillong, November 03: The newly elected MLA from Nongstoin, Bah Diosstarness Jyndiang, today was sworn in by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal in the presence of government ministers. Symbud Myntri Rangbah Dr RC Laloo, opposition MLAs and HSPDP office bearers. Bah Jyndiang was elected as MLA in the mid-term elections from Nongstoin after the death of Bah HS Lyngdoh.
Speaking to reporters , Samla Jodish Regan Dkhar , President of FKJGP Mallangkona Border Area Unit , said that the FKJGP strongly condemns the Assamese who continue to do these activities. The time has urged the Meghalaya government to take immediate action to resolve the issue of harassment and intimidation of the people in the border areas.
The 10 charges include scam on the collapse of the Legislative Assembly, expenditure during the COVID-19 pandemic, corruption within the Meghalaya Urban Development Agency (MUDA), corruption on the Coal, Sobhagya scheme corruption, Ration corruption, Excise/Bond Cartelisation corruption, Casino corruption, government contract corruption and friends and relatives of officials and corruption in the purchase of police vehicles.
Not only that, but for many reasons, perhaps the removal of the Rapido, is an illegal act as mentioned above because the Rapido does not have the parking space that many motorcycles that carry passengers, they park. disrespectful to motorcycles in crowded places disrespectful of traffic jam even if there is heavy traffic in urban areas.
Furthermore, this Act will be a tool to prevent disputes between the seller and the buyer.
The arrival of Denzil Kharshandi will be more exciting for the Lajong fans who love and enjoy watching the talent of the youngsters of the state, especially this season the team has many players. player.
“I am happy with the technology, that I can talk to them many times a day, even though I am too busy.
Also present were the Commissioner & Secretary Education Dr BDR Tiwari (IAS), Secretary Education Ambrose Ch Marak (IAS) and others.
The Government has also empowered the people of the state, especially the youth, by promoting self-employment through the PRIME programme.
However, the most urgent need of the people is adequate health facilities.
The next match will be played tomorrow, October 31, between Pay for Right Football Academy and Mylliem Grassroot at 4:15 pm at the 2nd Ground Polo Ground.
Especially the poor people, once they get the money, they think that it is enough for them.
“We must also remember that Conrad Sangma, the NPP chief ministerial candidate, was the one who agreed to divide Meghalaya by creating Garoland,” he said. “Whether Conrad agrees or not, he will go ahead or not to implement the Garoland demand, and whether Modi and the BJP will feel on the issue,” Surjewala said.
The body of Bhojpuri actress Anupama Pathak was found at her residence in Mumbai today.
To just jler like this is not right and we should apologize to these officers.
Through this committee, the Committee has been able to plant up to 40 kilos of fish seeds in the Kyrwa River which falls within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong Umroi Pyllun in Ri Bhoi District. .
Earlier, DSEL had visited other states in India to study and seek detailed information on the government's takeover of teacher posts or provincialism.
Mukhla Nongrim has various committees such as the Chief Managing Committee, the Finance Committee, the Business Committee and the Procurement Committee in relation to the procurement of goods.
“There has been a suggestion to change the textbooks because some of them are too long, and there has also been a discussion that some schools do not use the syllabus of the Meghalaya Board of School Education ( MBoSE)”, said the Minister.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthesnes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, today expressed his concern over the increasing power outages in many villages in the Byrnihat area. U Bah Victor Rane, MDC, took the Rangbah Shnongs of Byrnihat area to the office of the Chairman and Managing Director of MeECL, Lumjingshai Shillong, to discuss many issues related to the electricity supply. Electricity in the villages of Byrnihat.
Other speakers on the occasion were Armi Mawlad, Secretary STMCS, B.Sungoh, BDO, Amlarem C&RD Block, C.Kamar, Branch Manager, MCAB, Amlarem. Program Manager Basin Development Unit, Jowai, EAC J.Kharpuri and R.Rymbui District Fishery Officer, Jowai.
Replying to a briefing in the House, the Minister also informed that some of the key sections of MHIS 6 – PMJAY, the Minister said that there is an increase of up to 5,30,000 tyngka per household in the per annum including Rs 30,000 in OPD, with no restriction on family size and that the scheme will continue to support even pre-existing conditions.
Luke 18:1-8.
Those who attended the meeting included Santa Mary Shylla, MDC of Sutnga Narwan, Seibor Shadap, Joinriwell Pyrtuh, MDC of Sutnga Narwan. Thomas Nongtdu, Nominated MDC, Bankupar Sutnga, Acting Doloi of Sutnga Elaka, NPP leaders and members from East Units and Circles were also present. Jaintia Hills District.
“I didn't contest the election when I lost my ticket, I didn't contest against the party candidate, I sat down and that is my honor to the party. “What else is the reason why they are accusing me, all these are unfounded allegations,” said the former MLA of Nongshken.
Obama's visit to India is the first time that a US President has visited the country twice.
He was very diligent in his studies.
They are truly intelligent, intelligent and of good rank.
“It is the duty of everyone, a person with intelligence, a person with two legs, two hands, to come out and shake these BSF camps in the Ri- “If we don't listen, we will be shot,” said the young leader.
BJP MLA Mohan Yadav, who won from Ujjain South, was recently sworn in as the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh.
Jowai, June 02: One of the 11 voluntary groups from Panaliar Village, Jowai known as 'Sarot I Man', today held a blood donation program at “ Blood Donation" at Jowai Blood Bank.
Therefore, he appealed to them to accept these donations even if they are small but they will be of benefit when used in the dry season like this rainy season.
Khliehtyrshi scored 184 runs in 35 overs for the loss of eight wickets.
This morning on the 15th at about 7 pm, an earthquake struck Riat Mawniuh, on the road to Balat and Ranikor.
Others who supported the motion included Habahun Dkhar, MDC Saphai who has many border villages, Brightstar Chyrmang and Richard Sing Lyngdoh.
According to the PGI Niti Aayog, Meghalaya is ranked fourth as the most developed state and second in the North East,” he said.
I have also told the Secretary of the department that we should receive the report within a day or two,” he said.
The High Court also said that it is regrettable that the government and the police department have not taken action against illegal mining in the state despite the orders issued by the National Government. The Green Tribunal has not been approved by the Supreme Court.
Shillong: The number of cases of coronavirus in Shillong has risen to
If you are a Dkhar client who comes from far away, why don't you come here when it is your own country?
The Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturing Association (JHCMA) has called for talks with the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) which has decided to protest against the renewal of cement transportation fees and demand for storage space. cement in Byrnihat, which has been transferred to Assam.
Following the shortage of people registering for Adhar number in Meghalaya, those who do not have Adhar may lose out on various schemes.
"Bahnah said, "I'll go, they'll like it..." Deisy said. "Yes, I'll go anytime..." said Bahnah. While she wasn't asleep, Bahnah remembered Linda.
Jowai, June 13: One of the houses owned by Dulimai Pohtam has been destroyed by a fire in Lai Lyngdoh Amlarem village at 11 pm on Tuesday. the fire is burning.
Inspector, Mines and Minerals, Bah C Marweiñ, along with officials of the District Council, visited the site.
At 2 pm, three Bhalang organizations held a public meeting at the site and at 5:30 pm, they held another mombati lighting ceremony at the monument. dep shen and this is the organization.
Traffic jam on the National Highway 6 from Phramer village has affected the number of trucks parked on the road.
The miaw said again, “Haw to turn into a snake”, and the rakot turned into a snake.
Speaking after the filing of nomination papers, Latiplang Kharkongor said, “As you can see in the House, the Executive Committee has failed”.
By.
The Youth said that the Management Board has been set up since 2011 and Syiem Nangtei has been elected as the full Syiem in
“Replying to this, the CEM said that the Council will look into streamlining the working of the department so that the issuance of building permits can be issued on time.
He said that if the central government does not grant the ILP in the state, it will be discussed later and said that under the leadership of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, the central government will monitor this issue.
At the same time, she asked for the full support of the people so that she can serve better as MP from 1-Shillong Constituency. to open an AYUSH health center worth Rs 10 crore.
Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow.
The badminton tournament is also part of the selection of children, youth and older men and women who will represent the district at the state level soon.
Referring to the confirmation of the office bearers, Donbok Khymdeit as President, Balajied Ranee, Sunshine Makri, Donkupar Sumer, Doris Sulein, RB Shadap as Working President and other prominent leaders of Ri Bhoi District. , including Rocky Kylla, Najim Kharmalki, CB Syiem, Elphin Kurbah, Sensi Lyngdoh, Baiahunlang Makdoh, Michael Kharhunai, General Secretary and many others.
Tura, July 11: The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Swapnil Tembe, has set a target to make Tura a city free from garbage dumping on the streets. The objective is to fully implement and make the District pollution free with the cooperation and support of the people of West Garo Hills District.
The HYC has announced that it is not allowed to drive fast on the village roads, it is not allowed to drink alcohol, smoke cigarettes or speak obscene language inside the vehicle. They should lift and carry school children especially in the morning and should lift and drop passengers in the right places.
"Since the arrival of the foreign religion (Christianity) it has completely changed the customs and traditions of us Khasi. whether in dress or religion, which we have all turned to, which we have almost forgotten our identity, of course we do not condemn this by the invasion of foreigners. We have received schools which provide all kinds of education, from jobs, and we have received many benefits to this day.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, said that the price increase is due to the lack of equipment in the building.
In another development, it was reported that many Rangbah Shnongs are strongly opposed to the government's decision to deploy Home Guard Police in the villages. wait at the border to check the illegal movement of people or those entering and leaving from one side of the border.
Besides, the TMC has split again.
She said the tribals had returned after realizing that they had been deceived by the preachers of Christianity.
He said that the Governor will take up these issues with the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Governor has requested the State Government to take action on this issue so that the work can be done. will move forward.
He also spoke about the NALSA scheme which is an assistance from the government to protect the poor if they are attacked to go to the law enforcement agencies so that they don't have to spend money. the right to a fair trial before the law.
There are 14 cases in East Khasi Hills, 5 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 3 cases in East Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills and 5 cases in South West Khasi Hills. there are 2 of them.
India is confident to continue this dialogue at the G-20 and ensure that all these issues are addressed.
The State Legislative Assembly is a dorbar in which all the MLAs attend and the District Council is a dorbar in which all the MDCs attend. The Hima Dorbar, the Raid Dorbar, the Elaka Dorbar, the Shnong Dorbar, the Dong Dorbar and so on.
By being able to follow these guidelines, traditional healers will be able to provide comprehensive sources of information related to TB, which will take measures for treatment as well as control or prevent the possibility of further spread of the disease.
The biggest problem is the unemployment of young men and women in Shillong and even in the rural areas.
In 1520, the Black Death struck the Middle East, killing up to 25 million people.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Two persons identified as Specialborn Nonglait and Ricky John Nonglait have shot dead Jeffry Dohling at Mawkisyiem, Sohra on the 16th of this month at 6:30 pm. He was seriously injured and was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital.
The varieties of Mandarin, also known as King Orange, found in India are: Nagpuri, Khasi, Darjeeling, Kamala and Coorg.
First of all, we would like to thank Bah Edar Lyngdoh Nongbri and his mother, who have donated 8 acres of land to the Government (Sport Department) for the construction of the Indoor Stadium and others according to the demand of the time.
The former DHS(MI) said that the expenditure of the DHS(MI) to fight Covid at that time was about T.248 crore.
This group is a small group among the traditional beliefs of the Khasi, Koch, Hajong, Rabha, Assamese, Nepali peoples and is estimated to be closely related to the Muslims in terms of counting.
Rangdajied Sayoo scored the second goal in the 79th minute and Dabiang Law in the 80+3rd minute.
However, in the last dorbar, the KHADC passed the Second Amendment Bill, 2012, which has been amended to allow to the ministers, the chiefs of the Hima to take part in politics.
“The Taj Mahal was not built by Muslims, the history shows that.
On this occasion, the two organizations strongly warned the heads of banks to respect the special day of the Hynniewtrep people especially on this day to commemorate the father of the Khasi alphabet.
At 2.20 pm, an earthquake measuring 4.3 on the Richter scale struck Doda district at a depth of 10 kilometres.
“MAL was set up by the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma in 2020 and has the responsibility to The state government has borrowed Rs 632 crore from the New Development Bank (NDB) to implement various projects under the Meghalaya Ecotourism Infrastructure Development Project. (MEIDP)'.
Until now it is believed and confirmed that the Cherry Blossom tree was first discovered in Japan, Korea and from these countries the seeds were brought to America.
Shillong, June 28 : The Tura Government College Students' Union (TGCSU) on Thursday requested the Minister of Electricity Abu Taher Mondal to reduce the hours of power outage due to the preparation of the students for the examination. semester.
Laitkroh MDC and Jaiaw MDC Adelbert Nongrum (KHNAM) left the House after the Council passed the Bill by force.
There were many shops in the Shyllong Market owned by foreigners and most of them were Muslims , and according to the foreigners , they said that they bought wai from the Khasi at the price of T. 3.50 lakh per annum, and during the discussion it was also found that the Khasi who open shops to these foreigners are not residents of Laitumkhrah.
During the invasion of Israel, Hamas militants have raped a German woman.
Speaking on the occasion, Moonlight Pariat, UDP candidate, said that the United Democratic Party (UDP) is well prepared to contest the MLA election 2023 with the hope of coming to power. He urged the people to give their full support to the Riewlum.
Kylian Mbappe scored the first goal for France in the 34th minute.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to cancel a public meeting scheduled to be held in Mukhaialong.
This is because the Indian National Congress candidate Vincent H Pala has defeated the MDA candidate Dr.
However, the CEM explained about the visit and the measures taken by the KHADC and how to address this problem which has caused the water and rivers to become polluted due to you have spread the word to the people.
However, at the same time, Bah Sohtun said it is surprising that Assam does not respect the status quo of the agreement with Meghalaya where its people come to do things like The National Register of Citizens (NRC) has not acknowledged that the area belongs to Assam but what is surprising is that the Meghalaya government respects the status quo which is considered by Assam.
“When asked whether the NPP is ready to cooperate with the BJP this time, Prestone said, “I will tell you and there has been no social agreement like the MDA but we will decide on that. after.
However, two of these youths, Kethosetuo M, from Nagaland and Shreyan Roy from Assam, died on arrival at the hospital. Kethosetuo Kratsutsu from Nagaland was seriously injured and is undergoing treatment.
IMMORTAL BEHAVIOR AND DRIVING OF DRIVERS (ESPECIALLY COMMERCIAL VEHICLES) :-This is an area that needs to be discussed and shared in society.
Parliamentary Secretary Sports and Youth Affairs Department Stephanson Mukhim was the chief guest in the presence of War West MDC Het Pohthmi as the chief guest. Acting Dolloi of Jowai District, Ma P. Kynjing, President of Sein Raij Jowai, Ma OR Challam and other experts were present on the occasion.
“That's why I joined the UDP and after I left I joined the HSPDP but after I left the HSPDP there is no more party. I don't know why we don't have a new party.
This means that a person who does not repent and does not walk in the path of the teachings of the Word of God will not receive anything from the Lord. u God.
While the work was in progress, another tree fell on the old plant.
“It is the efforts of my brother and the support of the people that the violence has taken place in this part of the state.
He said that the increase in the admission of students is due to the outbreak of COVID-19 as there are no more students who go to study outside the district and he said that next year the loss of admission will decrease.
After the retirement of Biloda Iawphniaw in 2012, Sentibor Lyngdoh has been appointed as a Contract Teacher until
LP School under this budget.
On the other hand, the APMU has demanded that the owner of Mylliem Service Station should re-appoint Jayprakhash or pay his three-year salary, otherwise they will not be allowed to deliver these services. Petrol pump.
Members of the Rajya Sabha have been in trouble after Dr Vinay Sahasrabuddhe, BJP MP from Maharashtra, tested positive for Covid-1
Thus from the day of the resurrection until the day of the descent of the Holy Spirit were 50 days.
The Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports (MYAS) Mission Olympic Cell (MOC) on the 16th of this month has approved the request of the star. Sum of the country for the training and transportation to the country for 61 days.
Speaking to reporters, UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the UDP does not want to criticize the UCC as it is not yet known whether the Constitution will be introduced by the Government of India. be what form and it will work in what form.
Shillong, July 28 : The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem on Tuesday said that the powers given by the Sixth Schedule to judge the District Councils should not be lost. .
The incident happened at 12 pm when the child and his friends were on their way to clean the school. However, at that time, he grabbed the pipe and the pipe collided with the electrical sign of MePDCL, so at that time, the child was lympat tyngeh, until that he might not be severely injured in his feet or in his hands.
“On the other hand, the FKJGP Sengkmie will take other measures even if it reaches the point of sending a complaint to the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) because all the audit reports of the Public Sector Undertakings (PSUs). ) has been reviewed through the CAG,” he said.
:The new Khasi song, 'A ko dur', is a song that has been released this year and has been released by Khasi singers, including Wallamjingsuk Dkhar, Bansynshar Khongstid, Monica Mawlong, Minister of Suting and Marbor Khongnoh.
He also admitted that there are some seats where the party is weak but the party will work hard to win such seats.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the evacuation of the residents of Mawlong Market should happen smoothly.
One person was arrested on the same day in the evening while two others were arrested the next day.
The Indian government has not informed us yet and the money in the bank is going as usual,” said Sunita Kumar, spokesperson for the Missionaries of Charity.
This will include the Semi-Permanent Bridges (SPT)/Weak Bridges under Ranikor Division, which has 25 bridges.
The term of the 17th Lok Sabha will end on July
Worldly wealth is not the most important thing.
Speaking at the meeting, he said, “Now that the elections have been announced, they have gone their own way, which means the BJP and the NPP. Take responsibility for what has happened in Meghalaya in the past three years.
In another announcement, the Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division has informed the public that some of the employees of Apex Bank, Mairang Branch have tested positive for COVID-1 urge the people who came to the Bank on 19th June, 2021 to stay at home for 10 days.
The KSU also warns that if the government goes ahead with this permit and if the NFR starts this work, the KSU will take strong action to stop this evil plan and the members of the NFR. They are also ready to stay in jail again, to be bombed, tied again by the police and even to surrender their lives.
Recently, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare had to dispose of various medicines at the Mawlai Mawïong Landfill.
Where the police will have to engage effectively with the public, the agency must be selective.
Most of the passengers survived thanks to the bravery of the bus driver, Nanak Chand, who fired dozens of bullets at the bus. However, the bus did not stop and turned the bus towards the direction of the insurgents and rushed to the hospital to rescue the injured.
It was also noted that the total cost of airfare for the invitees was T.7,94,716 tyngka.
Deigracia Dan (8 mins) and Beatify Shylla (29 mins) scored the second goal for North Liberty.
If there are many candidates, there should be a preliminary round to send only two candidates and the winner gets the majority.
It is said that some of the men who went to war have not returned, and some have died in battle.
Samuel Lyngdoh, 19, is a midfielder for Shillong Lajong in the Shillong Premier League and Meghalaya State League
Meanwhile, one of the three persons who was shot dead in the incident, one of them lost his life due to the serious injuries sustained by the bullets.
The arrested were identified as Donald James Nongsiej and Dinar L Lyngkhoi of Mawlai.
“The government should also sympathize with the ASHAs and increase their honorarium, as they have demanded,” said Bah Sawkmie.
The Yatra was launched by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 15th November, 2023 from Khunti, Jharkhand through Information, Education and Communication (IEC) vehicles from various places across the country.
“We formed the PDF because we need to come out as a group, because we cannot do anything alone,” he said.
The village has already planted more than 50,000 tree saplings, which they planted on July 5, 2023, which is also the Basin Environment Day of the state government.
“I congratulate the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Raj Kumar Singh, Minister of Power, Government of India, for taking action in such a short period of time,” James wrote.
The officers of the office of the Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima visited these factories after receiving a complaint from the HYC regarding the presence of these factories in the Hima without the NOC from the Syiem.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaiaw Circle will hold the 'Maitshaphrang Award' on the 15th June .
Therefore, it is necessary to protect children from these diseases.
Shillong: A total of 77 candidates have registered for the MDC elections in KHADC and JHADC today.
We have investigated all the employees and seized the digital video recorder,” said VS Rathore.
Those present on the occasion included NR Singh (NETC), A Singh, IAS (SDO Sadar), J Shylla (ADC Health) and Dr D Shylla (DMHO).
In Montasir Itri, a resident of a village near Asni said that many houses were damaged.
Speaking to reporters, they said that the promise of the distributor has been made many times but he has not yet appeared. that bor bahalor.
In the past two days, 11 blocks from East Khasi Hills District have participated in the tournament. -two villages, Mawsynram, Mawphlang and Sohiong.
Shillong, March 17: U MDC Umroi Constituency, Bah Albinus Lyngdoh, has met with Bah DD Lapang, President MPCC, at his residence to demand that he should accept the letter. Your resignation as a member of the Congress party.
However, as a nation, we must show wisdom by recognizing clearly who is the enemy of the nation.
If the government really takes this department seriously, it should make it one of the biggest departments within the government so that the ministers or officers in charge of this department can also take action. You don't have the responsibility to promote tourism in the state.
At the same time, he declined to comment on the question whether the HSPDP's withdrawal is just a political ploy.
Therefore, I feel it is necessary to share some of my own findings on how these groups emerged and what happened in our country regarding the emergence of these groups.
The higher paid Hynniewtrep people would like to review it not only on the basis of its bias, which has been going on since the beginning of the day, but on the grounds that it has been biased for more than 51 years.
For more information, please call the following numbers: (7085717725, 7005110084, 9366448528,
He also blessed them to multiply and fill the earth.
Jowai: The VDP of Rymbai Village has banned foreigners from campaigning for the election from the 24th to the 27th of this month.
She said that every issue in the State has different opinions and she gave an example of the many voices when it comes to building electricity projects. The residents of the State have been facing problems and have to turn off electricity for many hours.
Noting that there are only four District Resource Centers – Shillong, Jowai, Nongstoin and Tura – which have been set up to serve the needs, the MLA expressed his concern that there is still a lack of support in others. districts of the State – leading to a lack of resources and participation for those with disabilities.
If such persons are found, the Police will arrest and punish them according to the law.
For example, in Williamnagar constituency, out of 46 projects, 15 projects have not been implemented, while 13 projects have been completed.
He also appealed to the victim not to come forward to seek assistance, as the organization will provide as much assistance as it can.
Joydeep Bamon scored the first goal for Mukhla Raij in the 10th minute of the first half. Dulong SC will face Chutwakhu SC at 2.30 pm on Tuesday. 10 o'clock in the afternoon.
This will help lawmakers make decisions after having all the information.
On the other hand, Rambrai MLA Kimfa S Marbaniang said that the Congress leader has not yet informed the Congress MLAs about the decision to leave the Congress party.
Nursing, along with the Best Outgoing Graduate Award.
Other vehicles may park along the road from Barik Point to Pine Mount School and Seventh Set School, Lower Lachumiere from Horse Shoe Building to DIPR, Treasury Office, opposite Additional Secretariat to Barik Point, behind the house. u Lat, in front of Don Bosco Hall (Hopkinson Road), Jacob's Ladder and Boyce's Road.
The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) East Jaintia Hills District has donated tins of household items and trees to the LP School at Suchen Dhana on Tuesday.
If there are 100 people in the market; they can set up 5 or 10 trade groups.
“The party has many good initiatives to promote economic development but the lack of supporters and advisors has weakened us. “We have tried our best to contribute to the society,” said Bah Thongni.
Adelbert Nongrum has also been appointed as the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) after Ardent M Basaiawmoit resigned as CEM in 2014-1 Some of Bah Adelbert's supporters said that his resignation is inevitable and there is no other way. He said that the KHNAM has reached the point of contesting in court and also before the Election Commission of India and the lack of reconciliation between the group. and the group led by Bah Pyndap Saibon is still strong.
Remember friends that don't go and choose the Klew sarong of the young girls of the country.
Marchborn's plan to buy a car came true.
They have pumped the water all night and now all day with these two motors, but the water has not been enough.
However, it is clear that they cannot claim ownership of the land and cannot exceed the limits given to them.
Dozens of youths took part in the meeting to establish the Adhoc Body with the appointment of Daniel Diengdoh as President and Everlastman Shangdiar as General Secretary.
Regarding these changes in the color of the Lukha River, the KSU has expressed its surprise that even until this incident, the JHADC has been sleeping lyngngai and has never taken action on these incidents. It is surprising that only once a year is the auction of this river.
It is necessary that the government authorities should take action to ensure the true image of Tirot Sing Syiem, whether it is to restore the old image that has not existed for decades or to accept the image of Tirot Sing Syiem. newly developed and researched according to full and complete skills.
“It has accused the MDA of various corruption cases including the collapse of the Assembly floor, the COVID-19 corruption of Rs 816 crore, the MUDA corruption of T.500 MUDA scam, corruption from Saubhagya of Rs 149 crore and others.
The villagers and members of the HYC together with the police last night waited all night at the area after driving out the Assam police and blocking the construction of the police station.
After this, everyone should be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of sins” (Acts 2:38).
Shillong, June 10: The FKJGP has expressed its strong opposition to the proposal to register Tibetan refugees as voters in the state.
Ma Mon then asked the DC not to send a letter, but the reply he received was “No letter, but just phone the CM”.
“Now that the SSA teachers have been suspended for tens of months, you are wondering how they can save their children and their families.
To encourage and motivate the children of the district in their studies, the district will award prizes and this time the highest marks in the Exam 2020, 2021 & 2022 in the SSLC (Class X) & HSSLC (Class) will be awarded. XIl: Arts, Science & Commerce Streams), after being suspended in 2020 and 2021 after the outbreak of the pandemic.
“The Food Distribution Department of the State instead of looking for ways and means, has been sitting idle because it cannot supply food items to the Minister. the people".
A meeting convened by the SDO (C) Amlarem Sub Division between the Waheh Shnongs, Daloi and Sengbhalang leaders has decided to investigate the illegal immigrants and to delete the names of the foreigners who have entered the village. Your name has been registered on the Election Roll of 7-Amlarem Assembly Constituency.
He requested the cooperation of the public to inform the department of their concerns regarding the electricity lines.
The state government will build houses for these families in a new residential area prepared and proposed at Bishop Cotton Road, Shillong.
The actress has also appeared in films and others.
There was a Dken who had a wife and these had a very good servant.
Moredan Ryngki, Publicity Officer, said in a statement.
It is necessary to discuss this issue,” said Bah Pala.
He said that districts far from the city like South and West Garo Hills have faced difficulties in terms of education and this has been witnessed in the results of Class X examination where the pass rate was less than 25 per cent.
There are those who are able to speak only with words that are harsh to their children. There are also those who are parents because they love their children and they just do whatever their children want. They don't care about the tarajur because they say that what others do, I will do too.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ma Balius Swer, President of the Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association, said that today, there are three cases related to the case and these include the death of a person. The incident in the coal mines in Garo Hills, then the complaint of the Impulse Network, on the work of children in the coal mines in Jaintia Hills and then the complaint of the Dimasa.
Nangbah Iawmusiang didn't take the lead in this match and had to wait to receive this goalless victory.
On the other hand, Michel said that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has promised to discuss and consult with the relevant authorities on this issue.
Philippoussis has been playing since the time of his father Apostolos in the second half of last season and has helped him. he is playing for the final of the Australian Open.
The BJP has deceived the people with its 'Chanakya Neeti' trick and then its corruption.
Kejriwal confirmed that he was asked 56 questions.
On the decision of the Court, Home Minister Amit Shah expressed his satisfaction with the decision to allow the pilgrimage.
Rejoice Gassah scored 123 runs and Heisniawlangki Lamare scored 44 runs.
You have 15 bank accounts and 5 life insurance policies.
This book is written for Class V, Class VI, but it is up to the school authorities or teachers to introduce it according to the ability of the children up to Class VII. foods that are very beneficial for the health of the body.
In these days before the lockdown and since the night market in Khyndailad has started to heat up, many people have witnessed the increase in illegal activities and until the road from behind the old Assembly to the parking lot near SBI has been closed. It is a place of passage for prostitutes and many kinds of vehicles arrive at these places.
The state government had signed a memorandum of understanding with MS Associate in 2005 to run the khalai nusip but it has reached the court which is still pending.
The body of Bah Hoping will remain in Nongstoiñ for 2 hours and during these 2 hours the program will begin with a 2 minute silence to express his condolences. After that, a prayer will be offered, followed by a laying of flowers by his loved ones, friends and neighbors and speeches.
Shortly after, the committee held a meeting with the Commissioner & Secretary, IPR, Mrs MK Marak, Secretary, Home (Police), Bah F Kharlyngdoh, Addl DGP, Mr SK Jain and Director IPR, Bah HM Shangpliang at the Secretariat. to take action on these issues raised by the journalists.
“It is surprising to see in the news that the Director has said that there are no complaints from the students at MIMT but many times among us students who went for training, we have called but no opportunity has been given. If you don't know, please call again on other days.
“We are pleased and proud that we have been able to bring soh from Meghalaya here in Bengaluru where we have shown our availability of soh from the state,” said the vendors and farmers.
Introducing the resolution, Bah Ardent wanted to know “what measures have been taken against those people who have sold their land to people who are not covered by the Land Transfer Act, especially the Syiem of Raid. Marwet who has been accused of committing these crimes.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The turnout in the Jaintia District Council has risen to 90.68 percent and the turnout today reached 91,8 There were 97,895 male and 97,895 female voters, bringing the total number of voters to
Pynshngaiñ, who is the current MDC of Mawsynram, left the Congress party and joined the PDF. After that he left the PDF to join the NPP and will now contest from the NPP. of Mawkhar Pynthor constituency.
High blood pressure is a disease that affects a person's health but it is one of the many diseases that can be treated only with medication if other efforts such as diet , exercise, weight loss and sleep or lifestyle changes show that they are not completely sufficient to control blood pressure.
m and we saw what this road looks like now.
Kitborlang Marbaniang, who is studying in Class II at Umlur LP School, is the fourth child of Synshar Nongyndah and Diona Marbaniang, among nine siblings.
Ma Thubru said that the number of trucks parked today has reached 3,500 and if you count all the coal mines, it will reach 5,000 trucks. The number of drivers and followers, about 4 people per truck, so those who stayed today, about 20,000 people.
On the other hand, the union also requested the government to do something for such children who have the potential to develop them in many fields so that they can have a bright future. The President urged the talented youth to use their talents properly and to come forward and bring fame for the country and the state as a whole.
This means that it should be divided into two districts,” said Bah Thaïang.
The JHADC has urged the State Government to include the District Council when drafting laws or regulations to collect fees instead of taxes.
The body of the Muslim youth was found this morning. Police have taken necessary action and sent the body to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
The winners of the tournament will compete for the title of Rs 5 lakh on the 23rd November 2023 at the Kurkalang Stadium in Ri Bhoi. He received a cash prize of T.2 lakh.
Meanwhile, Kong Chiarmon Dkhar, today, visited the poor families of Dong Moopynieiñ.
Meghalaya has risen to 750 deaths from COVID-19 with seven deaths on Tuesday.
With courage he stood up, Against the French government;
Her husband is a stone mystery and they have three goats and three cows.
This can also affect the gastrointestinal tract.
The office will also be a forum for exchange of views between them, said a statement sent by the General Secretary of AMCSA, Bah Emanuel Syiem Malngiang.
He said that masks covered with masks cannot protect against the spread of the corona virus and therefore, those who go outside or talk to others, are advised to, They should not wear a surgical mask, a three-ply mask or an N-95 mask.
The scheme provides financial support of Rs 8000 per hectare per annum for three years.
He also urged all the members and students to work hard and punctually if we want to reach the goal as the motto of the College is 'Press towards the goal'
This year, the Government celebrated this day at Raj Bhavan, Shillong where government officials and employees of the Raj Bhavan gathered in front of the Raj Bhavan and took oath by reading the Preamble of the Constitution. The meeting was attended by Chief Secretary DP Wahlang.
During the meeting with the four organizations, the DC and EE promised to repair the road which has been badly damaged. date of change.
KSU Jaiaw Circle urges and informs all the residents of the village to apply for the necessary documents from foreigners such as work permit, police verification from the place where they come to verify. that they have permission to do any work according to the stipulated time and as the people they need to be vigilant and vigilant against the entry and exit of foreigners who enter the village, in order to avoid from any problems that will arise in the future.
Pasyih Youth Cultural scored the first goal in the 49th minute of the second half.
“It is unfortunate that a person in his position (Mukul) should come up with a picture and just decide everything.
This happened at Umdoh 18 Mer.
The Office Memorandum of the Government of Meghalaya dated 12th July 1972 states: “Taking into account the shortage of ethnic groups working in the positions and departments of the Government of Meghalaya and at the same time to improve the skills and growth in employment, special reservation for Schedule Tribes and Schedule Castes...(a) 40% reservation for Khasi and Jaintia (b) 40% employment for Garo (c) 5% employment for other Schedule Tribes of the Autonomous District of Assam and Schedule Castes of of Assam.
Training programs for poor mothers on how to take care of themselves and their babies, cancer prevention, anemia prevention, antibiotics, training to avoid childhood poverty, blood donation and others besides physical education were given to children and residents.
In a complaint lodged at Tura Police Station, MPYC leaders Richard M Marak, Pangsang RN Sangma and Gamrik K Sangma have admitted that Arnab Goswami in a program on Republic TV. tried to create religious differences in India as well as in Italy.
The summons came after the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) lodged a complaint against Shutosh Sangma for allegedly auctioning land. The meeting was conducted by the Basan and the Ministers of the Hima Mylliem, in the presence of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Paiem Ken Sing Syiem, the residents of the area and the leaders of the Hima. Speaking to media after the meeting, HNYM President Bah Louis Dohtdong said that this person has been accused of issuing NoC to Garo to sell their land to Garo. other non-indigenous communities of the state.
It included the Rambrai, Jyrngam and Mynsaw Hima.
The union said it wants to know whether the disappearance of Jowai is a mistake or a mistake and wants the MPSC to clarify this.
“Therefore, we demand a proper explanation and apology, otherwise it will force the SPC to take other measures,” the statement said.
The team tied exactly 100 runs for the loss of all 10 wickets in 18.5 overs.
On this basis, the Congress leaders from MK Gandhi, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, Sardar Patel and even the Congress Working Committee on 25.11.1947 decided by a resolution that India should protect, assist and provide. Hindus and Sikhs living in Pakistan are Indian citizens.
The closing date for submission of nominations is 17th June.
The incident comes just three months after five railway employees were robbed of a train while improving the situation in Milan-Turin on 31st July .
The Durand Cup, which is also the first tournament of the 2023-24 season, will open on 3rd July in Kolkata.
The floods have also affected houses, schools, ICDS Centers and especially the crops, especially the rice which has been the time for the people not to plant crops.
He said that the department, on its part, has not raised any questions on the non-handover of the shops.
The mother of Heh Martle N Mukhim, former MDC and MLA, Phlin Mukhim, who was 100 years old, passed away suddenly on the night of 4th June 2020 at her residence. You are located in Mawlai, Block-1
“It is worth mentioning that the president of the VPP on the 15th of this month lodged a complaint against Bah Donkupar Sumer on charges of corruption against him in the election campaign. KHADC has purchased land in Mawkyrwat.
Undoubtedly, the entry of these two leaders will encourage and strengthen the UDP in the coming days.
It is learned that the Assam police from Mokoilum have been taking advantage of the situation by demanding T.10,000 from a truck passing through the police station at Mokoilum and T.200 from a truck. A pick up truck, which wanted to enter Assam from Meghalaya, and those who went to the forest, had to pay T.5,000 if found by Issak Ali, policeman in charge of Mokoilum.
And it came to pass one day, that she called the chief priest, and told him what her son had said, and said, Ko! Ask if you know and know whether the wife of your husband (Risatein) is ei, yes kiaw I don't know whether the husband had a husband, yes he had according to what he said, but I don't know where, please ask and find out.
The JPWDMW&LU announced this at a public meeting of the union held at Enowell Hall, Amlarem on Monday.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that at the meeting held today, it was decided to increase the premium under the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme from T.4900 to T. T.60,000 for Covid-19 patients.
The aim of the tournament is to build a healthy body and mind and also to showcase new talents so that they can emerge even in the tournaments. bah played of the country.
True and surprising, there is often a division in the community, the church, the family and even the divorce just because of the elections.
Rudi Warjri said that the NITI Aayog has recently released a ranking of the states and Meghalaya is the last in terms of read the book where you asked the question by saying what does it mean? Bah Rudi Warjri has been invited to sit for the UPSC examination because he has the desire to move forward and the courage to put in the mind that he can be like others and not just stay in a small position. In the past, there was no internet as it is today and when you needed to get some information regarding a book you had to go to the State Central Library to get that information.
There will also be heavy and heavy rainfall in various parts of the State in the next 24 hours.
The girls team consisted of Sneha Chettri, Netania T Tariang, Geryma L Nongkhlaw, Rhema G Nongkhlaw and Pratiksha Joshi.
“The ship carrying 3,000 tonnes of rice left the port of Haldia in West Bengal via the port of Ashuganj in Bangladesh.
They had their own government, but the Israeli government could not order the construction of the Temple.
Not only the Secretariat but also many Government offices are located in this area from Barik Point to Khyndai Lad.
The DCs are returning officers and the government through the DCA has ordered them to implement the Model Code of Conduct to prevent the withdrawal of money by candidates to campaign.
Shillong, June 29: The Border Security Force on Friday seized a Skin Shine Cream worth T.31 lakh from the border of East Jaintia Hills. Hills after thwarting an attempt by robbers to smuggle to Bangladesh.
Shillong: The Congress MLA and MDC from Mylliem, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the welfare of the people comes above the party and this has prompted the Congress to join hands with the NPP in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. The District Council (KHADC) after the UDP was dissolved.
Shillong Lajong FC beat Mawkhar SC 2-1 on 11th November 2013. In the match between the two teams on Friday, the match was very friendly. both sides failed to score until the end of the first half.
Until now, no one has been able to identify these two bodies, or those who have just given birth.
The Department of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya has issued an Office Order to allow farmers to resume the use of fertilizers such as Urea, DAP, MOP and SSP after five years since the previous Government suspended the use of fertilizers. Subsidy for Fertilizers to Farmers on July 12, 2014 to reduce the impact of Fertilizers on the health of the residents.
Although the Khasi are called by many names according to the places where they live, we cannot say that these names are sub-tribes.
However, media reports said that a Karbi was shot dead by unknown persons for speaking loudly and insultingly to the people in Khanduli which led to the anger of the people who shot him. give him until he is hurt.
The MLA said that everyone knows that the election has to be held together with the leaders and without them the MLA is alone.
Although the party has not yet decided to announce the name of Bah Paul as it still wants to discuss and invite other parties to join hands, it has been confirmed that Bah Paul will be the MP candidate according to the announcement. Speaking at a meeting of the UDP East Khasi Hills on Thursday.
“The state government has received information that the manner of issuing government notices only in English or Mizo in relation to government notices has caused problems. “That the people should understand each other,” said the order.
Despite the outbreak of COVID-19, the Assam government has worked hard to show its work and on the 12th of this month it has opened its Border Police Outpost at Saba village.
He said that this cooperation with the DC is because she has said that she cannot do anything because she has received an order from the court.
After a search which lasted for about three hours, with the help of friends and neighbours, the body of the man was recovered from the sañium.
The engineers of the PWD department said that the contractors have to repair these damaged roads at their own expense.
At the same time, she clarified that she did not say that the 'Odd-Even' will work in other parts of the city, but only in some places due to the congestion.
“The Hima Mylliem should make the market as before so that it will be a plate of food for the poor, in this world of unemployment, the market should feed the people. our.
It is learned that in almost all the constituencies, the market for Congress tickets will be more intense than in the last MLA elections.
On the other hand, the JSU under the leadership of President Livingeon Sana, General Secretary Ajoymenson Lyngdoh in the presence of Vice President Winson Salahe and members on Tuesday went to meet with the DMHO. and the Medical Officer to investigate the condition of the hospital in Khliehriat which was upgraded last year to the Civil Hospital Khliehriat. The hospital is still lagging behind even after this upgrade.
“Only if there are complaints that these are illegal should not be followed, but should check with the Directorate of Mining and Geology how many shalans have been released so far so that you can clarify,” he said.
“There is no road, no mobile network, we find it very difficult to live in these border areas of Meghalaya, we too as human beings need to talk to our relatives, loved ones, but we can't because The residents of the area and the Border Security Force (BSF) have expressed their concern about the road and the implementation of mobile phones by installing towers. in the Khappud areas is very important.
in" under “E-Pass"
Titos said the National Games will soon be held in the state and demanded that the government should set up outdoor or indoor stadiums in Sohra to promote tourism.
Washington, Naitung 29: According to the search of the recruitment documents of ISIS militants in Pakistan, it has been found that the militant group has an intention to attack India and the war is to give It is like Armageddon, the end of the world.
The march was held after the Jowai Traffic Police under the leadership of Officer In Charge Inspector DH Pde and Second In Charge, Bah Jason Wahlang who visited the schools to give training and explain to the students. on their right to walk on the footpaths, on traffic rules and also on cleanliness.
Infrastructure such as transportation, electricity, and information infrastructure, boosts the economy through backward and forward linkages.
Sarlangki also criticized the Mowkaïaw MLA, Nujorki Sungoh, who has insulted the people of Mukroh, but who only visited after the shooting. when you call the public to have a meeting or work.
He said that during the time of Covid-19, the central government and the states, under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, have been able to fight the disease.
Bhagwat doesn't know the Preamble of the Constitution of India, which was mentioned at the beginning.
We have already directed the Women Commission and the Child Rights Commission to cooperate with the police on this incident,” she said.
In Ribhoi District, there are two cases who have been identified as high risk contacts or close contacts of those who have not been infected.
The Mizoram state government, various political parties and student groups have strongly opposed the central government's decision,as it could affect relations between ethnic minorities in the two countries. .
This has been a great achievement in the fight against Covid-19, especially considering the circumstances at the beginning of
Adelbert said that Latip had alleged that he did not listen to his opinions during his tenure as CEM regarding the Building Act issued by MUDA. “I alone cannot do it without going through the EMs or the departments in charge of this matter. I want to say that during my tenure as CEM and during the tenure of Bah Ardent, we didn't have time to He added that during his tenure as CEM, he had written to the government to repeal the Act. MUDA because the law clearly states that MUDA cannot interfere in the areas within the boundary of the District Council and not just sit idly by.
Babulal Kharadi, BJP minister in Rajasthan, has advised women to have many children and for these children, the prime minister will build houses.
As the first innings lasted only a few overs, the Eagles started to score the run and took wickets in all five overs before the break.
Deputy Commissioner, A Baranwal, former IASDC office at Rymbai PHC and returned to the former DC's office.
Where is that fear? Where is the knowledge? Is it no longer possible to speak with words until you have to take your life? We have no right to take the lives of others because in this world, there are laws and courts.
Therefore, many people are still in the dark about the announcement of the JHADC's urgent division of constituencies.
Scientists are still researching how to get rid of them.
In a letter sent to the Prime Minister, the Seng said that what is more surprising is that now this floor is the headquarters of three departments and corporations of the government, namely Tourism. Information Center of Directorate of Tourism, then Directorate of Horticulture and Meghalaya Handlooms and Handicrafts Development Corporation Ltd, State Government Emporium.
He said that the reason for the deterioration of the Dwar Ksuid Bridge is also because the NHAI has not built its own bridge for the highway and has used this bridge.
Police are investigating into the arrest of these people.
The meeting was held to reach an agreement to end the ban on petrol imports to Meghalaya.
He said that according to the notification 1951, Khanduli also falls under Assam.
It is learned that the Caracal Battalion, has fought fiercely against these militants, when they attacked their camp, on the morning of 7th March
Pynshngain Kharkongor scored the first goal for Pohkseh from the penalty spot in the 31st minute.
Shillong in the coming years, will not only suffer from traffic jams, but also from the overcrowding of households, especially high-rise buildings.
Jowai, November 11: U Minister of State Kyrmen Shylla will be the chief guest in the presence of Bah Hamlet Dohling President MFA as the chief guest. The 3rd Sniawbhalang Dhar Football Tournament 2023 was held today at the Wahiajer Stadium.
“The percentage shows that the scheme is successful in Meghalaya especially when the State has officers who are determined to ensure that all those who are entitled to receive the scheme do not lose their treatment. when they are sick, they are sick.
On the other hand, the speakers from the Assam ULFA demanded that the Land Transfer Act should be implemented immediately by the Assam government.
After that, they appointed the Rangbah Shnong.
DD Lapang is no longer sick as he was in the Congress, but now he is in good health.
The EM seats will be divided 5-4 with the NPP getting three EMs and the UDP four.
The purpose of this program is to teach the youth of today to live well, to have responsibility for life and death, the welfare of society and to be firmly established in whatever they do.
Meghalaya has been in trouble for this match but we can't say anything yet because the match is still going on.
That is why Jesus said, "The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the Son of Man has nowhere to lay His head.
“Start first, you mother,” said the father. “If you are young, the conversation will be different, but when you are old, how can you talk?” said the mother. and she turned to her father, and said, "Tell me, are you happy, mother, when the story of my son is clear?" Hiram's father said, “When he goes to get what he has, what can he say?
Radhakrishnan's father found it very difficult to support his son and all his brothers in school even though Radhakrishnan was a very intelligent child.
Emperor Constantine was the first emperor to convert to Christianity and it was during his reign that Pope Julius I in 336 AD declared December 25 as Christmas.
On the 30th, Amlarem Social Club will play against Man I Bha SC at 2.00 pm.
Applications should be submitted to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District on or before 9th March
Speaking to reporters, Bah Donbok Dkhar, President of the union, demanded that the government should issue a letter to the teachers and resolve their demand. The organization will take strict action.
One of the objectives of the Tourism Department of Rajasthan is to showcase to others the richness of culture of the state, the presence of traditional songs and the richness of the region of the state.
The Certificate of Excellence was handed over to the Officer-in-Charge, Lumdiengjri Police Station by Mr. MK Dkhar, IPS, Inspector General of Police (Eastern Range), in the presence of Mr. S Nongtnger, Superintendent of Police. East Khasi Hills.
He said that in 2019, the central government has recognized Shillong as one of the smart cities which has allowed the government to beautify some places and the government wants to These things will not last forever, and that is why it has taken so long.
This age has relied on physical wisdom, spiritual wisdom has declined.
After last season, he joined Bengaluru United on loan and played in the 2nd Division League.
The Leader must have responsibility, knowledge and understanding of the needs of the country and the nation.
This crop is harvested in November and planted in the fields in December-January and harvested in April-May.
Tell meA full and rich lifeWho can give?A life where everyone has the right,To work, to be healthy,To learn and be wise,It is the goal and desire.
To further accelerate the work, the Union Minister is visiting the states and is in talks with the states to accelerate the work.
Similarly, the ruling NPP expects the people to turn to the work it has done and to win many elections.
He came to earth to experience the same problems, sufferings, and sorrows that human beings experience.
They won the ninth game 11-3
The prosperity of many has created a strong temptation for others who are less able to reach the same level and many activities have emerged that affect society, from corruption to violence and others. .
Speaking as the chief guest, Conrad Sangma said the goal of the Swachh Bharat Mission (Grameen), which is the National Flagship Program of the Government of India, is to make all villages ODF Plus.
Shillong, Nailar 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma on Monday inaugurated the Center of Excellence in Indian Classical and Western Music in Shillong and Tura. at the meeting held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
Speaking to media, Bah Ardent said the struggle is not for any individual, or any ethnic group, the struggle is to resolve the issue of the Reservation Policy.
The Bolero Pick-up has the number plate ML 12-1202 and the truck has the number plate RJ-23-GB-8
On behalf of the present Executive Committee, we would like to inform all the people that the Refugee Rehabilitation Colony has fallen under the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah.
He said that so far, Pawar has received the support of more than 40 MLAs of the party.
This place will attract people to visit, if it can be improved and beautified as a tourist attraction, because not only this stone but there are also other natural features that have a story.
After completing the investigation, the police have taken the remains of TR Sangma, a teacher who died recently in the attack by the robbers. The post mortem.
Don't be the Sohpyut of the nation.
I myself was invited to become a Cabinet Minister, because I had won twice as an MDC in 1972 and 1979, but I chose to stay in my party without a seat and to continue to hold on to the foundation. I'm with Mr. Ganold.
The deterioration of this road has not only caused heavy traffic jam, but also poses a serious threat to the passengers as well as the residents who have to travel through this road every day.
On their way out, they were attacked and thus were entitled to be kicked out.
An hour later, another explosion occurred at a Muslim mosque in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa area of ​​Hangu, killing four people and injuring more than 12 others.
