He said there are 2163 adhoc secondary teachers in 380 schools, 434 higher secondary teachers in 70 schools, and 610 science schools including 611 teachers. This is the new salary increase of the government.
In the old way, if you don't clean the seeds properly and don't take care of them properly, you can lose your crop in the next year.
The motor bike was heading from Pynursla to Dawki.
The return of the city team to the I-League comes after four years of relegation in the 2018-19 season.
The Khasi Author Society (KAS) has passed the 8th Schedule.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya on Tuesday issued an order ban ban the gathering of more than three persons.
There are 15 cases in West Garo Hills and 4 cases in Ribhoi.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 3: The government's inability to provide the necessary services at the Parïong Primary Health Centre, has caused the public to face difficulties when they go for treatment when they are sick.
Shillong, July 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongkohlew Unit on the 12th of this month under the leadership of Lurshai Kharhujon and Kitboklang Jyrwa organized the Tur Shaphrang Educational Award and shatri distribution to 30 students. Don Bosco Secondary School Nongkohlew.
The incident occurred when the place where the idol was carried made of silver collided with a wire along the road and then caused an electric shock. Six people died on the way to hospital and another died on the way to hospital.
More than 150 people have been killed and many others injured since clashes broke out between the Meitei and Kuki communities in Manipur on 3rd June.
Shillong, Jymmang : The Courtyard by Marriott Shillong, one of the 30 exclusive brands of Marriott Bonvoy, has announced the opening of the Courtyard by Marriott Shillong.
The Pnars have also faced harassment even by the Assam Police and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) authorities who have crossed the border into Meghalaya and harassed the residents. in the border towns.
The tournament will be held at Jerisalein Stadium, Chutwakhu, Jowai and the winners will receive cash prizes and trophies.
In the midst of the continuous rainfall in Sohra, Deborah said that Meghalaya is famous in the world because of the Sohra rainfall.
Shillong, Naitung 16: About 19,000 patients in the state have received benefits from the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) this year.
Chairman of RPZI Zinza Vualzong said, “Until now, the situation is very serious, Manipur is in the midst of fires, many people have lost their lives, such as At least 16 people have been killed, 27 villages have been destroyed and many people have been burnt down.
Two Bangladesh Border Guards (BGB) troops have entered the Indian border at Rongara Imbloka (Waek) village in South Garo Hills and forced themselves on the villagers before the villagers responded. beh them.
I just want to reiterate that this is still the smallest fine.
Because of this extortion of taxi drivers not only affects our expenses but also threatens our health which is the reason for the rapid spread of Covid-1
Speaking to reporters, HITO President Donbok Dkhar said that if Amit Shah feels that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state in India, he should send an inquiry by the Central Bureau of Investigation. CBI) and the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and if found guilty of corruption, they should be punished according to the law.
BDR Tiwari, IAS Assistant Commissioner and Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya was the chief guest on the occasion. Das Chief General Manager State Convention Centre, Bah K.M, Warji, President Chess Association of India and President Meghalaya Chess Association, and Bah K.Pajat General Secretary MCA, Rijied Katrai Publicity Secretary MCA, Th.
Referring to the issue that can be achieved in the future after the formation of the government, it is something that everyone wants to know as soon as possible.
He said the government will take strict action against those who violate the law.
They were accompanied by the Secretary of the Upper Shillong Boxing Association, Bah Kampherki Thangkhiew who is also the coach.
“We respect your faith,” Modi said. “We have seven Christian MLAs in Goa, two Christian BJP ministers in Manipur, two in Nagaland and seven in Arunachal Pradesh. ", said Alphonse.
“We also demand that these uranium waste disposal sites should be immediately removed and sealed and to ensure that these sites will not leak anymore,” said the HYC. There is no evidence to suggest that the uranium mine is located in the area.
However, with the surprise of the people and with the guidance of the power of God, this hospital has started to recover and has started to regain the trust of the people, especially those who go for treatment at this hospital.
Thadmuthlong Stadium and Ialong Khliehshnong have won each goal in the Third Division match organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
“In Meghalaya, mining has been banned while Assam has been allowed to mine because we have an unclear Mining Regulation and Mining Policy,” he added.
In another development, the KSU has criticized the report in one of the English newspapers that AG West Kharkongor has been appointed CMD of NEEPCO despite many oppositions.
Nongstoin, July 28: Rev. JJM Nichols Roy SS beat FGEM SS 3-0 in the U-17 tournament on Thursday. Mukherjee Cup 2013 was organized by the District Sports Officer.
“If we get the permission, we expect to complete the GSWSS-3 by November this year,” he said. water from the Umiew River to the reservoir and then to the Treatment Plant.
He said the HNLC has also had a good discussion and has been talking for some time on the peace talks.
Shiva Gayatri, a foreigner with a tall beard, was also involved in the murder in Ladrymbai but has not been arrested.
When we pray from the heart, even the Spirit of God helps us in our weakness because we don't know what we should pray for, but the Spirit himself intercedes for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.
Shillong, Lber 3: The North East Dialogue Forum (NEDF) has sent a letter to all the MPs of India to unite and forget the political differences by repealing the Armed Forces Special Powers Act, .
The Minister also visited the Sohra CHC which is under construction.
How much more should man understand this.
Commander Shangpliang said that in the past few days, the union has helped to sell hundreds of tonnes of farmers' products including kajor, motor, sohmynken jhur, sohkhia, phansaw, pudina, muli, kubi. , frisbin, coriander, salad, tyrso, beet leaves, beet leaves, flower leaves, jamyrdoh, jaud, strawberry, jatira, strawberry and other khasi fruits.
Is it enough for the authorities (as seen in the media) to come out now after the collapse to say that the reason for the collapse of the Dome was due to poor design? Could it be that the documents have passed the table of the Babu PWD who should have looked after them? And if it didn’t pass then how come there was no response at those times? And if he be judged, who shall be judged? If the Babu PWD knew about these shortcomings and if no one listened to them, why didn't they reveal them publicly as there was an officer of the Electricity Department who came out to expose himself because he saw that there were these shortcomings. long as it should be?” asked the Union of Rulers.
It is time for us to see that in southern India they don't vote for the BJP and Congress.
The involvement of foreigners happens from time to time especially when it comes to women and children.
“The JHADC has also appointed inspectors to inspect and ensure the smooth running of the work.
The Minister of Environment said that CAMPA funds cannot be used to pay salaries, travel expenses, medical expenses and others.
In the past, the government used to provide assistance and the farmers received a half-priced SUBSIDY which helped the farmers to get a little assistance.
“We have decided to change the examination method of DSC candidates and there will be no descriptive questions but only objective questions,” he said.
Conrad criticized the Umroi Airport for building the NH6 and the church at the expense of the DGCA and the high tension has been reduced by Boeing or Airbus.
Regarding her continuing education, she said that she wants to study Bachelor of Arts (BA) in the subject English (Honours) because as a young woman she has a goal to become a lecturer in the future. to come.
The purpose of the party is to look after all aspects of development and the priority issues that the party has set are to look after the roads, land. public health, schools, electricity and others, as at present this area is still lagging behind in all aspects, compared to other villages in the district.
The VPP has also been accused by the NPP of taking this issue only for political gain and to prepare for the MDC elections. Since the election campaign and therefore, it is its duty to fulfill its promise to the people even though the party is in opposition and has only four MLAs. political parties to implement or fulfill their demands during the elections and not to forget them after winning.
He said that the people of this area have given their trust to him to become an MLA and MDC for five years, and he has sent MDCs to make him CEM, and there are also cases. that he does what he wants.
Nongpoh, March 22: As one of the groups of Seng Longkmie and which has the responsibility for the cleanliness of the city in Nongpoh, the Seng Longkmie Mawroh, on Saturday held a The residents of Nongpoh to clean up a Nala which is filled with garbage, sma iwtung and which has also affected the rainfall in Nongpoh in terms of cleanliness.
“Of course we scored goals, like in the match against Punjab by 10 goals.
The college has been able to meet the NAAC requirements as well as its standard.
Shillong, Nailar 12: U Bah Granarysterfield Thangkhiew, brother of former General Secretary of the HNLC, who was shot dead by the police, on Tuesday said that the government has tried to silence him. to the household by offering Government jobs and money.
Shillong: The Legal Rights Observatory (LRO) has lodged a complaint with the Chief Secretary, Secretary of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the Deputy Commissioner of Health and Family Welfare, demanding the removal of The Bible was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The new cases include EGH: 18, EJH: 07, EKH: 233, NGH: 01, RBD: 49, SGH: 02, SWGH: 05, SWKH: 52, WGH: 76, WJH: and WKH: 89.
Since 2021, China has rejected about 12 proposals from the US Defense Department to discuss security and security issues in relation to the US Department of Defense. the two countries.
They were also taught to be strong in mind so that they can resist many temptations especially in these days when many young people are addicted to alcohol and lose their precious lives. their.
One of the Ten Commandments of the Ten Commandments is – “Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy” Exodus 20:8 This is the Law that God gave to Moses on Mount Sinai.
The old man continued his story by saying that after a while, the beggar turned into a demon and appeared in the form of a strange miaw, a bsein. He demanded that now there is no need to pray for cows, goats, cows but for the heads and feet of mankind.
Now that the two governments have decided to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam, the Karbi have started attacking our people again.
In a letter signed by the General Secretary of the party, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, who is also the MLA of Nongthymmai, he said that the UDP supports the introduction of the 500 and 1000 notes by the Prime Minister. requested him to strengthen this state only at the time when the people can buy pets and donate for the celebration of Christmas.
Amit Panghal (Services) defeated Anshul Punia of Chandigarh 5-0 in the flyweight category 48-51kg.
“The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) stands firmly against the introduction of railway in the state.
When you think about it, it is because there is no root in the home and even in the state.
The Director General of Assam Rifles, Lt Gen PC Nair, officers and soldiers of Assam Rifles along with their families from across the country participated in the ceremony through video conferencing.
"I've started playing well and I'm happy to be able to play at this place where I've played in the past years," said Djokovic, who will spend time with the team. 390 wins this month to keep the top spot.
Ummat is one of the villages in Block-II which is in the dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
Regarding the Aqua Mission which has cost up to T.340 crore, the MSPB will continue to follow up on this project, as according to the report, up to 25,000 fish farms have been built and also suggested. it is with the rep of the field.
On the other hand, Dkhar women are dominated by men until they are not allowed to act freely.
The students who attended the meeting said that from time to time they have appealed to the government to release their fees but the government has done nothing.
An investigation was conducted and the BDDS team rushed to the scene.
On the other hand, the party will continue to urge the authorities not to come and seek land in the Khasi Hills, said a statement from the General Secretary Samla Vicky Mawnai.
Amlarem, Nailur 12: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced the AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA ration for the month of November, 2023 and has been released. to Fair Price Shop stores until November 15,
When asked, Bah Paul said, “It is very difficult.
“We too know how to shoot the ktang suloi and we too have been shooting the ktang suloi all over Shillong, the land of Hynniewtrep.
“These people who have received government protection, build houses as they please, even if they complain, no one listens. If you don't get an Occupancy Certificate (OC), you don't get an Occupancy Certificate (OC). They build houses as they please, electricity and water are available exactly, when we complain no one listens,” said Andrew.
The Minister said this in a question by Mawlai MLA Embhalang Syiemlieh in the House today.
Shillong, Nailar 9: The agreement between the Meghalaya government and Scottish company NEC Group Companies will soon appear worldwide if the agreement between the Meghalaya government and Scottish company NEC Group Companies is signed.
Therefore, it is necessary that as school children they should not be stupid but should be smart through their hard work to seek knowledge by encouraging other children not to be stupid. leave half the time for school.
According to the order, no sound equipment will be allowed to be used from 10 pm to 6 am and no candidate or any political party can use such equipment without the permission of the the District authorities.
This is in accordance with the decision of the Cabinet of Assam announced by the Chief Minister, Himanta Biswa Sarma.
Regarding the BJP's failure to do well this time, Rupang spoke to the party's leader in the state, Bah Khlur Lyngdoh.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong has informed that if anyone violates the warning, the Dorbar Shnong and the people will immediately inform the police.
One of the speakers on the annual production of doctors in different states was Dr Achal Gulati who explained about the number of Medical Colleges in India and the need to produce more doctors. from man to the State.
According to police, the SIM card sellers earn T.200/- to T.300/- per SIM card and no proof is required.
We live on earth in our own different activities and in different parts of this earth.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that this demand of the government will need to be resolved first because it has to ensure that if the government upgrades the district to Sohra-Sub division, it will not have to. Therefore, the government needs to look into this.
The Israelites chose the curse because they rejected the Messiah.
Some of them said that they feel like they have fallen behind when they have reached the semi finals but they are happy with the vote they have spent.
This false Christ or anti messiah will do many miracles to help the beast.
Bah Mayraldborn Syeim, urged the people to work together for the improvement of the road and also to take good care of it when it is completed, because if taken good care of the road will last for many years. the people of Umden.
He said that the contest will be for all the candidates because all of them are qualified and if he wins, the first goal is to look after the livelihood of the people. , education and youth employment.
In other news, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been discharged from hospital today after undergoing treatment for about 10 months.
Shillong, Lber 24: Mohendro Rapsang, who contested against Paul Lyngdoh in the 2013 MLA election and was defeated by only 400 votes, told Rupang that he has a strong vote. The Congress candidate from Shillong West Constituency has decided to win this hour.
“Dr. Mukul Sangma has made unfounded accusations against Prime Minister Narendra Modi,” said BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang in a statement.
It is reported that even an airplane did not dare to fly nearby and it is suspected that it is a powerful magnet.
The State Government has set up the Regulatory Board and the proposal from St Xavier University has been sent to the Board. Bill to the House of Representatives for enactment.
Other parts of the program included the distribution of prizes for the winners of the drawing competition and poetry competition, which were held as part of this year’s Environment Day celebrations.
However, we have to understand that these are very long days, to fight against this threat of this corona virus and therefore, if the office workers, play in this way, by going to work shi days and four days, so this has made them a little happier, but it will show that these are not public offices, but only places of employment for the unemployed and there the public, who have Many of the works to be completed in these government offices will have to suffer until the end of the new year
A special song was also performed by the students of the college.
Nongpoh, Lber 14: About 30 youths from Ri-Bhoi district today received syrnod and shñiuh equipment after completing the 1 month shñiuh training which started in June at Nongjri. This is an encouragement to many youngsters not to be unemployed and to be satisfied with any job because the ILP is a strong ILP as one of them said. young people who have completed their training.
In a statement sent by Balarina Syiem, District Sports Officer, Balarina Syiem, District Sports Officer, said that all men and women who wish to participate in the race will be welcome.
Police also witnessed how the NPP supporters damaged the ground and committed acts of violence.
Byrnihat Police, after investigation, have handed over the Night Super Bus to the Custom Department for further investigation. act according to the provisions of the law.
Speaking on the occasion, the Village Leaders, Sengbhalang from Western Ri-Bhoi District today strongly condemned the incident and demanded that the law enforcement authorities should take immediate action to arrest the suspects. The robbers involved in the murder and took the life of the child with severe punishment.
Tax collectors and commercial institutions.
She said that according to the documents, the construction of the necessary houses has been completed at a cost of Tyngka 84,94,000/- (Phra Phew Saw Lak Khyndai Phew Fow Hajar). ).
At present, the traffic police have reached an agreement that for the time being, both these types of drivers from different villages will continue to operate without stopping until they can hold a meeting. and the relevant authorities, the village authorities to arrange for a new parking space if available.
Shillong, Nailur 28 : The Meghalaya Basketball Association (BABA) will hold the 72nd Junior National Basketball Championship
Mahinder Jit Singh said the purpose of his visit to Shillong was to ensure that the Sikhs living in the Metor area will not be discriminated against and to restore peace as they lived in the past.
The Governor has directed the Chairperson of KHADC to convene a special session to discuss the matter.
Balanstar Taro of Jyntru opened the scoring in the 14th minute and Johnsonplay Lyngdoh scored the second goal in the 15th minute.
The Executive Committee of the party on 17th November, 2013, has decided to strongly oppose the decision of the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to transfer the three villages formerly in Langrin constituency to Mawsynram. this time.
The population of Khasi and Jaintia according to the 2011 Census (according to Bah Ardent) is 13,82,278 and Garo is 9,36,496, the difference is 4,45,7 after.
Therefore, this continuous power outage has surprised them as well as the residents of the village which has also affected many of their daily activities.
Speaking to reporters, the four leaders, including Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF, Samla Ferdinand Kharkamni, President of the KSU in Ri Bhoi, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of the FKJGP NKHD, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of the FKJGP NKHD, Marcus Marten President of the HNYF, said that they will not allow the state government to hand over these power plants to foreign companies, as they feel that it will cause harm to the indigenous people. Foreign companies, because instead of getting jobs in such places, such foreign companies can bring in foreigners and this will affect the indigenous youth.
I really have a love for this party as I respect Maieid Hoping, but how can I do when he doesn't have a cure for my illness especially in 2019 when Badariti came to contest MDC.
During the programme, BSF doctors provided treatment and distributed medicines to the border residents.
According to a source, the Ri Bhoi Police have conducted an investigation into the incident and have arrested the robbers involved in the robbery. The Dong Squad of the Police has launched an investigation to track down the robbers involved in the robbery. stone.
“The unity of the people of Mawlai is the best example for the leaders of various political parties in the state where the MLAs should also unite to join hands to achieve this demand,” he said.
I thought you'd buy a white or a red one because you forgot to send it before you left.
Regarding the presence of BSF personnel in the incident, it was said that they were on their way to Khliehriat; However, they stopped in the middle of the road and when inquired, it was understood that the BSF, did not shoot in the air, when they saw that the crowd, was angry, although they did not shoot at all. that they shoot people.
He asked whether it was really a donation or a vote buying, if there was another person behind who came after the donation.
However, FC Goa couldn't do anything else and the match ended in the victory of Shillong Lajong.
“There is a confusion because the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India has appointed someone to be tested while the PIL is that the State Government has ordered to conduct a salonsar that if you do not take the injection you will have to test,” he said.
The Seng Khasi West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday concluded its 22nd Shad Suk Mynsiem with the participation of 4 districts including West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills.
Daniel 9:24-26.
The opposition has raised the NOM to protest against the Lamphang's failure to give sufficient time to discuss issues of importance to the state.
Ronnie said there are some issues in the reply of the department which the committee still needs to seek further clarification from the officers.
He said that until now, India has had to rely on foreign gas for gas and therefore if the price in the foreign market rises, this will affect the price in the domestic market. Ri spirit is the same.
“He said that if the COVID-19 pandemic had not happened, this issue could have been resolved, but he admitted that he had taken care to provide the salary and documents to continue. The Municipal is in a coma and the department is not working.
The meeting was also attended by Chanbor War, President KSU Nartiang Circle and District Leader Samla Hababiang Biam, Education Secretary, Phrangki Papang, Finance Secretary KSU WJHD Unit. KSU EJHD Unit, Environment Secretary, KSU Central Body, Waheh Shnongs of the area, elders and others.
“The establishment of the Delimitation Committee, which was approved by the Governor, shows that there are constituencies like Mawlai where the number of voters has reached more than 55,000 while there are constituencies like Mawlai. small constituency with only about 12,000 voters.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Friday announced 60 candidates for the party ticket for the upcoming elections to be held on 27th June.
As part of the driving away of the crowd who blocked the highway, the police used lathi to tied them.
Infections in the internal parts of the body can lead to infections of the whole body.
The match was held in the form of a knockout.
No details have been received from the police who have been involved in the arrest and raid of petrol and diesel smuggling stations. not obtained by the reporter.
Luke 12:13-20 / James 4:13-16.
"The Sengbhalang, the people of Narpuh and Khliehriat, have held mass protests to inform the Government and the NHAI about the problems they face in coming and going due to the bad condition. There is no road on the National Highway.
Through his speech, the CEM said that as the CEM, he wants the government departments and especially the police department to understand about the KHADC Court and that is that if there are any On the other hand, the Head of KHADC, said that the inability to open the court of Khasi para Khasi should be taken to the Court of KHADC. The KHADC, not only will be able to provide that hearing to the people, but will also be one of the ways to employ those youngsters and especially those who have completed their law studies in different types.
According to sources, after the Dorbar of the State Government last year, a resolution was passed to set up a population commission in Manipur. The Cabinet also approved the establishment of the Manipur State Population Commission.
Not only that, even the private sector, Muslims and others should strongly condemn because the Constitution of the country clearly states that all citizens have the right to freedom of worship and when the Prime Minister says that it is which is not pleasant he feels that there is not enough speech.
On Saturday, East Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills will play their final match from Zone 1 and the winner of these two teams will face South Garo Hills in the final on 5th June.
In the Dorbar District Council, we have discussed this issue from time to time and last year, the entire House supported my proposal to oppose the arrival of the railways here.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Jaintia Hills Zone (FKJGP) has expressed its full support to the protest of the Jowai Village Authorities Union (JVU) on the demand for the removal of garbage dumped in Iawmusiang and Iawthymme. “We give our full support to the Union of Village Authorities of Jowai on this demand to remove the garbage from Jowai,” said the General Secretary of FKJGP Jaintia Hills Zone. This is the city of Jowai.
This training will be in two parts.
“I don't criticize the opponents but if they protest, they should protest according to the law and not just protest without grounds, and it is useless to protest only on the streets and in the newspapers,” he said. He added that the political parties who oppose the road should also appeal against the road in court.
Taking this into account, the state government has improved the activities of SHGs in the state in order to improve income and economic development among women and girls. in rural areas.
Dauruhipaia Pale had a chance to score but passed the ball over the crossbar.
This scheme is implemented or awarded through the Agriculture Office of the Government and the applications will be accepted by the District Agriculture Officer or DAO. details from the DAOs in their respective Districts.
Shillong: The BJP leaders in Meghalaya have expressed their dissatisfaction with the party leaders in Delhi regarding their decision to support the NPP candidate in Meghalaya. There are two constituencies in Shillong and Tura.
Chokpot, Nailur 24 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the MDA government has never broken its promises to the people and has always fulfilled the promises made to the people.
Mike Pandey spoke at the meeting on the need for more 'law saints' which requires a large area to protect the environment.
What is surprising is why MeECl wants to implement this smart meter project when only these problems mentioned above are many.
Jowai, Lber 28: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today launched the 2nd U Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy. ' of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 will be played at the Kiang Nangbha Stadium in Jowai.
The tournament was held at the Sports Authority of India (SAI) Shooting Training Centre, located at the end of NEHU. Pramod Chandurkar, Secretary General Archery Association of India.
“There has been a violation of human rights by the police and the CID headed by Claudia Lyngwa and also the case headed by the IO PS Paul Choudhury. The court has issued an order to allow the children to meet their father from the 25th until one of the sons of Bah Rymbai sent a petition to the court. The IO has been informed that there is such an order but the IO has not complied and has refused since the 31st, 1st and 2nd days. “I have received permission from the SP for five days but that permission has been rejected by the CID,” said Bevan.
MAWKYRWAT: The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) on Saturday, November 16, 2023 handed over a house to a poor family in Wah Mawpat. Raid Sawsymper East Khasi Hills District has also released the new logo of TULBA by Bah Lamphrang Kharbuli and the logo of TULBA has been designed by Bah Ophel Nath Kharthangmaw. to donate sleeping bags to some of the poor families as a sign of Christmas greetings and also to release the Almanac of TULBA Sohryngkham Unit.
Because all people are imperfect and no one is perfect.
On this occasion, the youth and women took part in various cultural programs to mark the 50th Anniversary of the Dorbar Shnong.
Don't be selfish or don't want to hurt others but help and do good to others with a kind, pure and compassionate spirit to others who need your help.
“Here in Khasi Hills, there has been a voice that does not want the Khasi Prime Minister before the 2023 elections, but such a voice has not been heard in Garo Hills but they have done it.
We remember that in this state there have been many government collapses due to political reasons.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Monday announced that it will meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to review the party's demand to amend the Reservation Policy and The VPP has invited the public to accompany the leaders of the department on that day.
I'm a school teacher, But I'm wearing a ragged jacket, The reason is that I don't have a small salary, Even though I'm a minute thop shi thop.
In the SMS, they said that they wrote in blood to intimidate the police chief.
The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) on November 7 has convened an emergency meeting of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) on the issue of the life and death of the Hynniewtrep people.
In fact, God had already given the kingdom to the Jews, but because they refused and sinned, King Zedekiah took the kingdom away from the Jews. Israel ruled over Israel only by the kings of the Gentiles.
However, he said the government cannot suspend because there is a problem for the students who want to sit for the entrant examination where they must have Aadhaar and if suspended it could cause problems for them. young people who cannot pass their exams.
In those who belong to the Father, there is no problem because the inheritance in the Synshar-Khadar or Khaïi-Pateng flows directly from the Father's Line.
After the departure of Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang from the NPP, the Congress now has only four MDCs, including the incumbent Deputy CEM PN Syiem, and the Executive Member Development who is also an MDC. Mawkyrwat MDC Carnes Sohshang, Nongstoin MDC, Mylliem MDC Ronnie V Lyngdoh and Charles Marngar Mawhati MDC and Deputy Chairman of the Council.
At a public meeting in Dehradun, Gandhi asked why a joint parliamentary committee had not been set up if the purchase of Rafale jets was not a secret. Last election, there was a call for good days 'Acche din' and now there is a call that the showkidar is a thief 'Chowkidar' (chor hai) slogan. They also sat down to shout out these speeches of Rahul Gandhi.
“Bah Ronnie's claim that the withdrawal of money has caused confusion among the people is not true but the truth is that it has caused confusion in the Congress and its government ministers because of their corruption,” he said. said Mr. Kurkalang.
Shillong: The FKJGP Southern Riwar Zone strongly condemns the attempt of a group of foreigners working as exporters in Majai who have applied for NOC from the New Majai Local Exporters Forum for their business.
“Today I have put forward my name as one to contest the election if the HSPDP party is eligible,” said Bah Doffley.
“He said that the rules implemented in Meghalaya have also been implemented in Assam.
Meanwhile, Bah Elton Cliff Warjri, Senior Vice President, in his speech, recalled the journey of the party in 2014 and beyond where the members should have a strong spirit to serve the nation as a whole. .
He said that the emergence of District Councils in all the states of the North East was due to the struggle of Rev JJM Nichols Roy but many people do not know about it.
These Volunteers said that the government does not appreciate their hard work and this means that they no longer need Home Guard Volunteers.
Nobody looks after the clean soh, we love more as a nation than the bad soh.
They said that the Meghalaya government has not provided them with the necessities compared to other parts of the country.
Mary's post has received 256 comments from Facebook members, 57 shares and 462 likes.
These include East Khasi Hills 20, West Garo Hills 4, Ri Bhoi 3, South West Garo Hills 2, West Khasi Hills 1, West Jaintia Hills 6, North Garo Hills 3, South Garo Hills 1, Eastern West Khasi Hills East Jaintia Hills 1 and East Garo Hills
Are these developments? With Arbok Kharjahrin.
Even the Central Government and the States review and revise the Reservation from time to time.
How are we different from othersWhat does the candidate have?1.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya today took the first step together with Israel to establish Centers of Excellence (CoE) as part of the efforts to improve income generation and the benefit of the farmers of this state.
It is indeed a victory and a great contribution to the fight against drugs. Although the fight against drugs is not easy, it is very difficult.
:A youth from Pahamsyiem Village, Ri Bhoi District, has been seriously injured when a truck (AS 01 PC 3750) collided with him on the highway at Erpakon village.
Police are investigating the incident to arrest others involved in the abduction.
Firsterjoy Nongtdu scored the first goal in the 47th minute.
“To complete the contact tracing, entry and exit to the factory affected by COVID-19 has been closed from midnight on 11th November to 6 pm on 14th November “To protect the public and to curb the spread of COVID-19,” said the District Magistrate.
Israel's Defense Ministry said on Monday that Hamas has lost control of Gaza and the official's remarks come a month after Israel launched an offensive against them. Hamas in Gaza.
This was announced by Bah Samuel B Jyrwa, Chairman of the North East Students' Organization.
Jowai, March 30: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Tuesday at the U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy. Kiang Stadium, North Jowai.
This is the second time that the bill has been amended in the JHADC House after being introduced and approved.
Expressing her concern over the lack of vaccination of children within 1000 days of life, she felt the need for the cooperation of parents and Ashas.
They added that this is a big corruption in their village and they took a decision on Saturday with the signature of the people to file a complaint against it. to the District authorities to take action to investigate the case of the Secretary so that the truth can be found out.
The Indian Youth Congress (IYC) has decided to hold a bus yatra across the state, starting from Gajwel Assembly constituency, led by Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao.
The woman was injured and was taken to Super Care Hospital, Shillong.
On the other hand, the Central and State Governments are ready to start the talks in the second phase and are still arranging only a few issues before the start of the talks.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday expressed its gratitude to the Meghalaya High Court for accepting a petition filed by the President of the Society, Bah Wanbun Dkhar, against the failure of the state government to implement the The Meghalaya Environmental Restoration and Protection Fund (MDNR) has raised T.433 crore through coal challans from the Directorate of Mineral Resources to improve the environment in the areas affected by coal mining.
Speaking on the need to take new measures to eradicate drugs, Bah Lambok said, “We demand that the State Government should take new measures to curb this problem so that it can be eradicated from the beginning. Therefore, we must stop the sale and use of drugs in the society because when this evil spreads, it is not only the victim and the family or the society that is destroyed but the nation as a whole”.
Shillong, June 26: The Khasi Kmie Mawkhar Seng on Tuesday held a cleanliness drive at Lum Jingthang in Jaiaw.
The MDA government, led by the NPP and which came to power after the 2018 elections, has also expressed its reluctance to implement the ILP and wants to implement the MRSSA. However, the MDA government, on the demand of the civil society, has promised to strengthen the ILP (BEFR 1873) in the MRSSA. Is the MRSSA, 2016 stronger than the ILP as approved by the MUA government? As we know, the ILP was implemented under the provisions of the BEFR 1873 enacted by the British Government and this Act was also implemented in three states of the region, including Arunachal Pradesh. , Nagaland and Mizoram.
Shillong: Meghalaya Women's Team beat Jammu & Kashmir by 10 wickets in the U-19 Women's One-Day Trophy match played at Kadapa, Andhra Pradesh on Saturday.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister has urged the people of the state especially in Shillong not to insult the hospital staff especially in Bethany Hospital. nationality or religion.
Furthermore, the letter from Vasant Sathe also directed the government not to strive to mine coal in a scientific manner.
It is learned that more than 200 people turned to Nahar Punjee village to evict the Khasi residents and vacate the area.
In addition, it was found that there is a shortage of children in the return to school.
On the other hand, the union expresses its regret and cannot say that it is also a great encouragement to the young athletes due to the lack of assistance to them through the government, when they go abroad to participate. state and abroad.
This action affects not only the MDA Government, the party they are in but also the dignity and character of the people living in this state in front of the people who have outside other states of India.
Speaking on the occasion, the teachers of these schools said that many of the students have only one copy and it is difficult to write all the subjects in one copy. expressed his gratitude to take part in this day and to address the problems of schools in the rural areas.
Through the assistance of the RBYF with the tins to cover the school, which is short of tins, the teachers and the students of the school have been delighted. the soul is happy.
One of the goals scored by Iawren was assisted by Marbarin Nongrum, who played well on the right side of the field to create two chances.
Khliehriat, Nailur 23: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit in collaboration with other civil society organizations, the people of the district, the drivers' unions, has said that the protest will be held in The chess tournament will be held in Khliehriat on Monday, 25th July 2023 at 10 pm, sleeping in the middle of the National Highway.
Those who later will suffer only because of the lack of knowledge and wisdom of these leaders of this MDA government. This government does not care much about education and does not have any programs and policies. all three years lynter on writing and reading.
These actions are outside the political boundaries of the world and this will affect the way of life and behavior of us Khasi and Pnar people.
Later, the High Court of Meghalaya strongly criticized the state government for silently watching and listening to the emergence of these illegal factories.
The tournament has put a lot of pressure on the team as India will host the ODI World Cup from 5th March.
“We would also like to ask the UDP and HSPDO MLAs whether they have said anything in the Cabinet or at the MDA meeting or at the meeting of all parties on the Reservation Policy when they put it in their manifesto. ki", said the young man.
It is a source of encouragement to these 15 students and their parents.
Justice Vaiphei found that the reason for the raid was the Tactical Team I. The purpose of the raid was to arrest him alive and not to shoot him dead. he.
The HNLC wants the government to decide on its ksiang within 24 days from the date of the meeting. England has decided to send its troops to protect the country from the invasion of the HNLC. Russia only Ukraine.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that as the state has not yet confirmed cases of Covid-19, if we allow them to return, At this time, the government will have to start from the beginning to prevent the spread of Covid-1
He said that the building should have been built and covered with tin but the employer has been able to cover it with dewbilat so that it will be of assistance to the students who come to study. and there shall be no more purpose in receiving lessons in the time of rain or snow.
It is up to the Prime Minister to know whether he is still involved because he has the power to do anything if he feels necessary. that he might know all the truth.
This is according to a report by Reporters Without Borders, France, which showed that India has dropped to 142nd position this year (2020) among 180 countries surveyed. .
Seven Huts Sec School, Mawlai
Until the state celebrated its 50th anniversary of independence, the hospital has been operating only as a referral centre.
This beating and bombing by the police of the members of the party shows the ruthlessness of the law enforcement agencies.
The aim of the party is to prevent foreigners from violating the rights of indigenous people in the field of employment.
Informing on the duty of the CRPF to assist the Government in maintaining peace and order and curbing any crime, Misra said that the CRPF has been in contact with the people by constituting a variety of programs.
Nongstoiñ, July 14: Two brothers and sisters, Sniha Kumari and Shruti Kumari, daughters of Chotelal Thakur and Prabha Devi, students of St. Xavier's Secondary School, Nongstoin West Khasi Hills, have been arrested. District, have surprised the teachers, because among these students, Sniha, has got distinction in the subject Khasi by scoring 80 marks out of
International and Indian media reported that the PLA has blocked the Galwan River and flooded many parts of India on the night of 15th July floods, which have never been seen before.
In the women's 49kg category, Koyel Bar came 9th in the overall category of 144kg (64kg+80kg).
“We are confident that the implementation of these railway projects will also affect the villages in the rural areas, the forests, the hills and rivers that the people use as a daily life. .
Therefore, many of the people are in darkness why the government punishes only the village leaders to provide for these quarantined persons while the government issues only laws without testing such persons. person.
"At the end, the Priest reminded the faithful that this year the Catholic Church around the world has set aside as the Year of the Family, in which he said, of us who are truly happy, who make the Lord their master, we will build households that turn to God and trust in him.
“If we follow the sections of the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation 1954, Section 3A sub sections (a) to (f) and other provisions of this Regulation, we understand. that they can no longer be issued licenses even if they apply.
Shillong, July 07: The Union Government through the Ministry of Rural Development, has directed the citizens of India to hoist the flags of the country as a sign of the celebration of the 75th Independence Day. in India.
There is an expectation that because they are good, God will continue to bless them.
Shillong, July 26: The Legislative Assembly of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday discussed the increase in the illegal entry of people from Manipur into the state following the outbreak of ethnic violence in the state.
Out of more than 12,709 secondary schools in Gujarat in 2020-'21, there were 594 girls' schools.
Shillong, June 05: Umiam Eagles have reached the final of the Senior Men Challengers Cup of the MCA after beating Symper Panthers by 99 runs in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Tuesday.
Furthermore, the party said that through his words it shows that RS Mooshahary is a broker of the CM and the foreign authorities who have invaded the North East.
At the same time, Bindo congratulated the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma for not ignoring the district councils on the intention of the Government of India through the Panchayati Raj Department to introduce the SVAMITVA scheme. (Survey of Villages and Mapping in Village Areas) in 2021 to 7,000 villages in the state.
He said that school children are the future of the country and through this mission they go to every school to explain to the children about the importance of cleanliness to avoid diseases and problems.
“Of course, the BJP used me in
These points are only to be known, clarified, understood and applied.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang has given three days to the state government to remove the garbage collected in Iawmusiang on Tuesday.
Speaking to Mawphor, the Village Authorities of Lum Tongseng Village, expressed their surprise at the negligence of the District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District, because in the past few years, the The Deputy Commissioner, Magistrates have visited the Umtalen River and promised to build a bridge to facilitate the people of the area in coming and going especially during the rainy season. Their inspection has now been completed and forgotten by the district authorities.
This donation has been like a godsend,” said Bah Shabong.
The business here in our country is led by the Khyllah jait. We Khasi are only the daju and the lowest servants in front of them. Soso Tham said, “One day you will become the water carriers of someone else.
Other speakers included Deputy Commissioner Abhilash Baranwal, IAS, IPS, Principal of Jaintia Eastern College Dr Phervision Nongtdu and others.
“At the same time, he said the government should also find out the root cause of traffic jam in Shillong and not just say that taxis are the cause of traffic jam especially when there are many vehicles. individuals also walking in the city.
The National Law University is sufficient to accuse the head of the VPP, when we look closely and the urgent invitation of the MP to the House is wrong.
Explaining in detail about the method of tit cultivation, he said that the first step in tit cultivation is to build a house covered with wood.
The house belongs to Kong W.Rabon and on the morning of the 26th of this month a blazing fire destroyed the house and all the belongings.
Nongthymmai SC will face Lumparing SC in the first leg at 1 pm while Mawlai SC will face PFR F.A in the second leg at 3:30 pm. pm in the evening.
He said that the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma and his officers have become too clever by treating others like fools.
Arles Rymbai was a child who loved singing and dancing.
As soon as it appeared in the media, many people have doubts whom to believe. To get more information, this reporter has met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem to discuss the issue. “I don't know whether the Council has received the exact information whether the VAB has reached the Ministry of Home Affairs or whether it is in the hands of the Lat as shown in the RTI,” said Daniel.
It is worth mentioning that after the announcement of the Union to stop the supply of petrol to the state, there has been a widespread news about the shortage of petrol in many places which has forced the people to stand in line at the petrol pumps. Thep umphñiang, which is only due to the protests in the state against the shooting death of five people in Mukroh, in which they have made it clear that they will continue to deliver petrol until the state government ensures to patrol them in their coming and going. for the sake of the drivers.
The presence of herbalists helped to keep them safe.
I have brought the Kyrteng of the devil.
After a while, Mawlai received a penalty after one of the players of Khliehmawlieh threw into the box of Mawlai.
There are allegedly 140 incidents of anti-religious violence.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, on the other hand, said that the government is still considering the demand for Civil Sub Division of the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi. He said that the Civil Sub Division at Patharkhmah will be completed.
The party won 13 seats with 19.69% of the vote.
In Ri-Bhoi, one is at 19th Mile, 12th Mile and one in West Khasi Hills.
The Minister said that the government is now vigilant and will punish according to the law those who violate the social agreement.
Shillong: The President of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU) Mira June Myrsing today said that 8000 ASHA workers in Meghalaya receive only T.2,000 per month and about T.66 per month. in ten days.
The second speaker was Allan Keith Suchiang of BJP and the third speaker was Andrew Shullai.
The ECC calls upon all the villages affected by the Coke Factories in East Jaintia Hills District to come out and protest against the State Government's decision to close down the Coke Factories in the district.
Isaiah 15:12.
The meeting was conducted by Dr. KK Nongsiej, Principal of Sngap Syiem College Mawkyrwat who spoke on the urgent need for this test so that the students can go to college this year.
It may be recalled that in an interview with reporters yesterday, the Daju Iewdu said that the reason why they don't wear the hima sopti, is because the price of it is too low and the price matches when compare it with clothes.
Regarding the ban on these organizations after they were illegally arrested, the CM said that both these organizations have been involved in committing crimes and violence in Tripura.
“The FOCUS is not a grant but the proposal and promise of 5,000 or 10,000 is not enough because many people in the state have received grants in the past years. They have been involved in such situations where they have had to pay the debt with interest.
Moong dai is a good source of protein for health.
Replying to a supplementary question on the unemployment rate in the state, the Minister said that the unemployment rate in Meghalaya is 3% which is lower than the national average of %
In addition, the Minister has directed the Ministry of Education to set up a committee to look into the condition of colleges and universities across the state in terms of and the election of institutional leaders among students.
The KNGCSU has put forward demands to the government including the demand to build classrooms to help the students to avoid overcrowding, the opening of the Women's Hostel, the maintenance of the Men's Hostel. in addition to others.
Personally, do we know whether our prayers are sufficient and whether the actions we take are in harmony with God's will? And we ourselves know exactly who to listen to.
The ADM and his driver escaped after the militants opened fire on the vehicle they were traveling in.
These facts that Bah Marshal Dkhar, as a former supporter of the UDP from Mawhati Constituency, has been revealed this evening that the BJP leaders have welcomed him to the BJP party to give the position. Dr. Evarist Myrsing as the BJP leader from Mawhati Constituency at a meeting held at the BJP headquarters in Nongpoh.
The benefits of mobile phones have been great, it has sped up the work and helped in case of incidents such as illness, accidents, through mobile phones you can send information in a short time. eh to get help.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 92301 and out of these 89293 have recovered and 1546 have died.
Aisidora Kharkongngor, President of the Umlynthong Women's Association, said that three years ago, her husband was killed in the same manner.
However, the darkness and the weather conditions of the area made it difficult to find them.
There are 11 Kurs in this village, Khardewsaw Kur has 17 households, Mawlieh Kur has 12 households, Iawphniaw Kur has 10 households, Wanniang Kur has 6 households, Thongni Kur has 6 households. There are 6 households in Lyngkhoi, 3 households in Kharjahrin, 3 households in Dkhar, 3 households in Syiemlieh, 2 households in Marwein and 1 household in Lyngdoh Mawnai. the house.
Shillong, March 27: U Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today rejected the speech of KJ Alphonse, yesterday in Sohra, in which he accused him of stealing public money. “These statements need to be investigated to see if they are in conflict with the law,” he said. “What do you mean by stealing public money?” he asked.
If this is true, people who have received TIKA should not hesitate and worry that they have received protection without the need for treatment against the spread of COVID-1 19 There is also a possibility that those who have not yet received TIKA can spread the disease to those who have received TIKA. If there is no certainty about the protection of TIKA, the pressure on people and the public to accept TIKA even if it is against their will and Their understanding is illegal.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Rosette said that according to the videos, it can be seen that these places have caused a lot of traffic jams because the vehicles have been turned around.
“I would like to ask how many Trading Licenses you have issued to foreigners during your tenure as CEM and I would like to inform you that during my tenure as CEM only 6 months from the first day we Trading License has been revoked and we have not issued new License to foreigners,” he added.
The party strongly condemns the allegations made by the MLA against the brothers and sisters living in the border areas. .
Such people are allowed to vote, apply for government schemes, and other development activities and benefits by becoming a member of the Pnar community.
Shillong: Nongthymmai Village Council in South West Khasi Hills District will celebrate its 64th Anniversary in July Chairman of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem MDC of Mawkhar Constituency.
“Tell my mother to feed those children, you too, if you are hungry, eat, I will eat with my mother,” said the father.
Besides, these leaders also visited the Isolation Center at CTI, Byrnihat where they met with the managers of the center and also with those residents who stay here to complete the isolation. days quarantine and discussed the necessary precautionary measures in case of COVID-1
“We must understand that the ban is not permanent and can be lifted after the state government has passed its own law on this,” said the CEM. responsible for this lockdown.
During the meeting, the owners and traders also demanded that the Chief Secretary should issue a report on the availability and price of coal in Garo Hills which has remained low until now.
“We have submitted a petition to demand from the government to implement the order from 2018 to relocate the PWD (Road North Division) office from Jowai Town to Shangpung,” said Tuesday Lytep President of FKJGP. On the other hand, Nangaibormi Sutnga General Secretary of KSU Ioksi Unit said that the government has no problem in relocating the PWD to Shangpung because the government has always said that it will provide peace to the people in the rural areas. There is a need to bring government offices to places farther away from the city.
It is also pleasing to hear that on the 6th of this month, the first baby was born at the Sub Centre,” she said. childbirth centers and even health centers in case of uncleanness during childbirth.
The bench imposed the same conditions as announced in the bail order for Ashish Mishra.
Young people from the area came to take part with great enthusiasm.
If you see that the road from in front of the Civil Hospital to the Garrison Theater is lit up at night with fluorescent bulbs, and that in the middle of the night it is dark.
Toi religion is the personal belief of a person.
Therefore, the Assam Police should not be arrested,” he said, adding that there are also rules that state that when arrested, bail cannot be released.
Through this rally, the District will also be a congratulatory message for the District after it has been ranked 5th among the Aspirational Districts in India for the implementation of various government schemes. sha the highest rank in the country.
He also participated in a training program held under PMEGP and Gramodyog Vikas Yojana at Mawlynnong, East Khasi Hills District, as the chief guest in the presence of many youths and beneficiaries. .
If this is the case, where will our country and state go if we continue to be misled by such leaders who are always trying to deceive the innocent voters? .
The demand was to curb the illegal entry of foreign authorities but the gate was brought to grant full citizenship to foreigners from Bangladesh and abroad.
MPUF Central Body President Dawanpoimi Laloo in the presence of MPUF Central Body President Kyrshan Blah and members of the MPUF handed over the key to Rit. courtyard of the house.
“We will convene the dorbar after reading the report and it will be submitted to the Governor for stamp, to be announced in the official gazette and the election will be held,” he said. bah Please.
Police have arrested three suspects involved in the bomb blast and recovered four unexploded bombs.
“We have brought our agenda to the people and they have seen that the BJP has shown this.
She said that it is necessary to encourage the students to take the subject of music as one of the important subjects for employment.
“We are grateful that for the first time this case has been implemented for the sake of justice,” said Kaushal Dinesh Zaveri, 35, who filed the complaint on June
The DC announced the ban on smoking in public places at a meeting of the National Tobacco Control Program (COTPA) held on Tuesday in the presence of officials. The meeting was held on the occasion of the issuance of an order by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in July 2008 banning smoking in public places.
He said that these 41 villages have residents who have Election Photo Identity Cards , Ration cards in both Meghalaya and Assam There is no village left.
However, to increase the team's score to reach the target, the victory was more difficult as the last batsman lost by only 56 runs.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Congress party today held a public meeting in Smit to campaign for the party candidate Bah Lambor Nongrum for the mid-term MDC elections to be held in Smit. on the 13th of November in Nongkrem constituency.
He said there will be another meeting next month in Garo Hills to discuss this issue and after that, there will also be a meeting in Khasi Hills.
In Israel the preaching of the Gospel of Jesus Christ could not be fulfilled because of their unbelief, until the Son of man (Jesus) came.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 16: Doctors who used to look after the health of animals entering the state in anger last night have closed down their office near the Umling Screening Center. The allegation arose from a misunderstanding with another group in charge of checking the documents and challans of animals entering the state which is also alleged to be groups of High Level or personnel of ministers.
“He said he cannot talk too much on this issue as the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs Prestone Tynsong are outside the state. .
The Minister said that the state has been able to reach this level thanks to the Government's efforts to help the farmers of the state to market their products, not only here in India, but also in other countries of the world.
Dr Laloo also expressed her gratitude and congratulations to the employees of Star Cement and Star Cement Limited for donating food items to the Tuberculosis patients. All members of the community to cooperate with the ASHAs, as well as the health department in order to make the community free from Tuberculosis.
The Seng Khasi Kmie's special participation in the Behdienkhlam is on the basis of the celebration of India's 75th Independence Day and 50th Independence Day.
Therefore, in order to resolve many of the problems faced by the people on the border and at the same time to avoid the annexation of Meghalaya to Assam, it is necessary to have a Special Dorbar among all the people. MLAs in the Legislative Assembly and MDCs in the Autonomous District Council have called for the immediate resolution of the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam and for the people of Meghalaya living on the border. they should live in peace without interference, he added.
There are also stories of the ancients who tell of the relocation of the capital of the kingdom from Sutnga.
So far, the leaders of these four political parties have held public meetings in Umsning, Nongpoh, Byrnihat, Umden and today in Patharkhmah. The area is located in the middle of the villages in Ri Bhoi West.
On the issue of roads, Nitin Gadkari said that 1294 km of National Highways have been allocated in Meghalaya before 2014 and a small amount of funds have been allocated through the Central Roads Fund ( CRF) in which by 2023, the Minister has already increased the construction of highways to 324 km within 8 years which has increased to 25% of the highways in Meghalaya.
Speaking to media, u Bah Tynsong said, “The problem of the power outage is due to the loss of three units including one unit of Leshka Power. Although the department is working to improve this, the state has lost 122 MW of electricity due to the loss of these three units. “he added.
He said that the case between the Seng Khasi and the Mylliem Madan ïng Syiem has been resolved by fining the five persons and the two Headmistresses have been fined T.2000 tyngka. Three others including the Acting Syiem were fined T.1000 tyngka.
S Lamare scored 28 runs from 13 balls and Chutwakhu's D Rangad took three wickets in four overs.
According to section 51.
Therefore, the Federation demands that the contractor who is implementing this project should immediately inspect and answer why the rules have not been followed.
Nongstoiñ, June 12: A youth named Cooperson Lyngdoh Nonglait, 19, of West Khasi Hills, has gone missing on the road from Nongstoin to Shillong since 10th June. this month.
“If the government dismisses those who sleep, we would be very grateful but it dismisses the officers who work cleanly,” said Bah Nongrem.
It cannot be said that next year's election will be the most expensive election in the past and the political situation will change dramatically.
Khliehriat, June 6: The District Program Officer (ICDS) today concluded the celebration of Poshan Pakhwada which was held for two months at Umsngad Community Hall, Byndihati. , in which the Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla was the chief guest.
Neymar, who will soon join Saudi Arabia, has made some shocking demands, including a salary of £2.5million a month.
Through this incident, there is also the issue of discussion, on the corruption and exploitation of private hospitals, these days, in which they select patients, only those who are sick and those who are sick. and if they see that they are poor, then they will not give them a place to go for treatment. he was born in Mawtawar.
The photographs and videos that have been circulating around the incident on that day show clearly who is the perpetrator and who is the perpetrator.
Shillong Lajong FC will play against SAIL tomorrow (14th November, 2023) at 10 pm.
The proposal is for T.44 crore,” said Prestone.
Shillong: A public meeting was held on Friday at 11 pm to discuss the proposal to increase the quarrying and production capacity from 2600 TPD (0.858 MTPA) to TPD 1.485 MTPA to 10 MW CPP and 9.5 MW WHRS of Meghalaya Cement Limited at Thangskai.
Rida, when she got up, she gave birth to a son.
As a nation, we are now living in the age of knowledge, as mentioned above and this rings us to pursue those things that are related to those of other nations, including morality.
They said that although the demand for the implementation of the ILP has been going on for a long time in the state, it will depend on the government's willingness to implement the ILP. After the Congress-led MUA-2 government refused to implement the ILP, the Sengbhalang took the path of protest to force the government.
Meanwhile, the Special Cell of East Khasi Hills District has arrested five suspects from Guwahati in connection with the shooting. Sylvester Nongtnger said the arrest of these three persons was made with the assistance of Guwahati Police.
“There are about 2600 teachers in Meghalaya who have not yet received 45 percent,” said Bah Shullai.
What would happen if Jesus lived in this century? How will he treat those with HIV/AIDS, will he condemn? a trial? what shall I say unto them? No! Jesus will not do that, but as he does the lepers, he will do the same to the HIV/AIDS patients, he will love them, he will listen to them, he will be patient and associate with them, he will join them and fight together. and those who want to get medicines at a reasonable price, he will fight with those who want to get a sufficient wage to buy healthy food.
He said that at present the government has a plan and a goal to implement various schemes for the protection of the environment and one of these schemes has been implemented is the scheme. The Community Led Ecosystem Management Program is one of the schemes that focuses on how to prevent the destruction of environmental resources.
They are the owners.
He said that this time the people have already taken a decision in the UDP because the people have understood and he expressed his satisfaction that every time he goes to campaign in the markets. The people of this constituency came to join hands with him and this expresses their gratitude and also shows the way of thinking that has become clearer and better that the people of Mairang will not be allowed to leave. lead me wrong.
The owners of the house have lodged a complaint with the Nongstoiñ Police Station and the police immediately rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation. police are also investigating to confirm how much money and gold was stolen.
Another issue he mentioned was to improve agriculture by fighting for the recognition of dulir as documents when farmers go to banks to apply for loans.
The task of the committee is to pave the way for peace among the different ethnic groups of the state, which also includes dialogue between the bloodthirsty groups.
The VPP will not be able to win because we have a better chance of winning compared to other candidates.
In the women's category, Wahlyngkhat SC beat Iaikyrshan FC 3-0
Media reports said that Bah Synrem has won by 4,676 votes in the fourth round of counting, although the counting is still ongoing.
“Know therefore and understand, that from the going forth of the word to restore and to build Jerusalem unto Messiah the Prince shall be seven weeks, and sixty-two weeks” (Daniel 9:25).
Nongpoh: Six brothers and sisters in Mawlasnai, who are swet children, after the death of their parents, on Saturday, the leaders of the Seng Samla Mawlasnai, have been delighted. They went and handed over the house which they had built to these brothers.
The leaders of the Seng Samla Umroi Pyllun, alleged that these two men had come to the border of Umroi Pyllun, without consulting the leaders of Umroi Pyllun and also the Seng Samla Umroi. Pyllun, therefore, they have violated the constitution of the Seng Samla, because according to the constitution of the Seng Samla, it is stated that any party from outside Umroi Pyllun, is not allowed to interfere in the affairs of the Seng Samla. The boundary of the village of Umroi Pyllun, without the permission of the Seng Youth and the Dorbar of Umroi Pyllun.
It is learned that since morning, the hospital has refused to treat the woman, because she came from a village which falls under the containment area, but in the evening, due to the protests of the HYC, the hospital has accepted. to take care of this woman, but at 7:30 pm the child of this woman died.
This has surprised the residents of Motphran.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Ampareen M Lyngdoh, MLA of the Congress party from East Shillong Constituency, said that Dr Mukul Sangma, who has received the post of Chief Minister of the state, has been given the opportunity. He should no longer hold power, but should allow others according to the wishes of the Congress party.
the NEP can itself bring positive changes to our students.
Secondly, since about 86% of the population of Meghalaya is indigenous, no political party will win if it does not understand the needs and aspirations of these people.
“The Congress has said that it is against CAB, but we are against it on our own grounds.
Requoma Rq Laloo, one of the members of Sarot I Man in his short speech, said that the work of the media is not easy as they have to work hard day and night to fulfill their duty to provide information to society and the world as a whole.
Teidiroi Dhar scored the first goal for NSA in the 12th minute.
In the second half, both the teams fought hard to score the first goal and tried their best to create the opportunity to score the first goal.
I cannot be accepted as a mother.
He also alleged that the Congress party is involved in joining hands with the BJP. “There are hidden intentions in this regard and we cannot be mere spectators who will listen. “The TMC is the only party that can fight against the BJP,” he said.
After the JAC, which includes 8 Sengbhalang of Mawshynrut area, lodged a complaint with the DC of West Khasi Hills, against the coal mining factories in Shahalang, the village leaders of 8 villages in the area have now lodged a complaint. Shahlang also prepared and intends to lodge a complaint with the DC against these coal mining factories.
The Super Division match will be played between Nangbah Mulang and Sailung Ialong at 2.00 pm.
She came in from the one way and drove the scooty from Lad Barik to the school Step by Step.
The final quarterfinal match will be between Nongkrem and Mawpat at 10:30 pm at Assam Rifles, Laitkor.
The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, in an order issued on 20th November under Section 144 of the CrPC, has banned and prohibited the mining of shyiap in the land of Langtor village, Shyrwang. and Ksehkohmoit which fall under the district.
PM Santhosh (1/15) and Manish Sharma (1/33) took wickets for Meghalaya, but Odisha managed to score.
The following rules: The Union requests all the Dorbar Shnongs in East Jaintia Hills District to implement the above rules within their respective villages.
It is unbelief that causes God to send miracles today on earth, because once Jesus commanded – Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel, and he that believeth shall be saved. unbeliever will be punished.
Goyal said the government plans to operate flights from Shillong to other major cities like New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Bengaluru.
The meeting was held to protest against the two leaders of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), Bah Methodius Dkhar and Bah Shakliar Warjri, who have turned away from the party. The People's Party (NPP) has no intention of forming a government this time.
“His personal accusation against people as a thief is a shame to himself because when he talks too much about a person even if he is a thief, people will feel sorry for him. ".
The president of HANM said that his candidacy for this election is on the grounds that he has stood up to advocate in the District Council for the sake of preserving the customs and traditions. on land ownership, to prevent illegal crossing within the state border, to promote agriculture, to strengthen agriculture, to strengthen border trade and other issues that require the entire state.
The price of payment shall be as per the notice issued by the State Electricity Department.
I don't know anymore.
It is no longer like before when the people were happy and warm from the bottom of their hearts.
" “Two leading political parties, the NC and the PDP, have insisted on this decision regarding the loss of independence and self-determination of the people of Kashmir.
He said that on 18th November, he had applied for information under the RTI Act from the DSC of West Garo Hills on the appointment of Gram-Sevaks and Gram-Sevaks. Sevika from 2010 to
The HPF demanded that the state government should ensure that all the schemes are implemented as in other districts in the state.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, on Tuesday said that the two chief ministers do not want to visit the border disputed areas, which will bring back the conflict after they fled the area.
When contacted by Bah C.Syrti, Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, he said that the police have not yet received any complaint from the village leaders of the area. However, he was surprised to see on Youtube that there has been a lightning strike in the Warmawsaw area.
One of the passengers of the vehicle died on the spot and two others were injured.
Former Shillong Lajong FC coach Alison Kharsyntiew has been appointed as the full reserves coach of Mohammedan Sporting. as well as a leader of the youth team.
Let us remember that for the sake of our own good or for the sake of the progress of the nation, we must be understanding and thoughtful before we do or decide anything.
If you don't have faith, don't be like MA who has only 50 percent doctorate, you have practically 0 in theory.
Therefore, rather than counting yourself, I urge you to ask for help from your fellow countrymen who are ready to help when you reach the point where there is no food left.
It is hopeful to see the Ri Bhoi Dorbar and civil society organizations coming out to oppose the government's decision to proceed with the construction of the casino in this part of Ri Bhoi District.
However, regarding the children's dance, we feel that the response of the DSEL department to the Principal has been too much.
Since 1981, AMKA has produced 200 athletes who have won medals in the country and 20 medals in international competitions.
Because the Thongni have the right to live in the surprises, they think that it is the way to marry, because others of the Thongni clan live in the Lyngdoh clan, they also go to live with their brothers and sisters. Priest spirit.
From the Social Welfare, she has donated assistance to the elderly, women, single mothers, toys for children and infants.
Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, in a statement today, said that police have searched for the suspect, who has been insulting the Catholic Church and immediately found him. Please post this article on your facebook page.
A little bit we will talk about where the freedom of the world leads us, free love, free living, free thinking and so on.
Until the end, Kiang did not back down even though the British government had offered him peace and he did not want that peace to become a slave again in the country. u, u la ong kumne;-“If my head turns to the east, the country will be free within a hundred years, and if my head turns to the west, the country will be in slavery forever” The words of peace, the words of righteousness, the words of holiness as he spoke have come true, within a hundred years the whole country has gained independence and from being enslaved by the foreign ruler who came to destroy it. your country.
Once a pastor came to our village and asked, 'How many religions are there in your village?
“The party will also send a letter to the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) to demand action on the incident.
Although we are not farmers, we understand that once there is no market, it is useless to produce umsyep in the fields and fields.
Shillong: U Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma has called on all political parties to assist and cooperate with the Congress in the upcoming MP elections to avoid the threat of BJP rule. Dr Mukul said he did not want to comment on the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA)'s plan to contest the joint candidate, but urged other parties to cooperate with the Congress as in the country, it is the only party in the country. The Congress which can replace the BJP which wants to destroy democracy.
He said that in the past years, he has worked hard to strengthen the party in this constituency, but when the time comes to get the ticket, Others have joined the party in the past few months.
Peter A Dohkrut said there have been about 60 PILs filed against the CAA 2019, and two are from Meghalaya.
Anglers are very sad and sad because if they go to dig earthworm from the kseh hills to catch fish or dohthli they will not get it because the earthworm does not live in the kseh hills because lack of nutrients and too dry soil.
However, James said that after this, the government has received the opportunity to allocate about 50 acres of land in New Shillong Township for the construction of the SMC. “It's not enough,” said James to a supplementary question by North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum.
AIS SujaThe time of trouble is now.
The victory in this championship has brought fame to the village and the state of Meghalaya as a whole.
The waste that has been converted into fire will be reused as rnga.
There were also damage to several roofs of several houses which collapsed on the day of the bomb blast on the 6th of January.
These things have been done at a time when the people or the Sengbhalang will not be allowed to express their opposition through any protests according to the Constitution.
The Seng urges all the youth to send their documents to the Seng from 16th to 7th June
The program which included drawing, poetry writing, photography, cultural festival and contest was attended by students from various schools in the area.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 2,3
On the other hand, the PHE has acknowledged that during the dry season, the water supply is lower.
In a meeting with Alphonse, Bah Hek said that religious leaders including the Seng Khasi, Catholic and Presbyterian have come to meet him to inquire about the scheme after the government promised to give it to them first. the election last year.
The union has lodged an FIR at Shallang Police Station after the foreigner fled the village.
The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, said that after receiving a tip on the presence of two persons who came with drugs from Assam to Shillong, they have arrested two persons. At about 1:00 pm on the 29th of January, a vehicle was seized.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Indian Political Action Committee (I-PAC) has been appointed by the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) in Meghalaya to assist the people in election related matters. CAPLIB Informainment Pvt Ltd, a foreign vehicle rental company, has operated without providing the necessary documents required by foreign companies such as Trading License (TL) from KHADC. The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District (HNYF) has launched a campaign against commercial vehicle drivers in the state especially from Shillong. The I-PAC has brought in foreign companies even though it is a job that the state owners have not been able to do.
The program will not end only with the selection of players, but Bah Wallam said that there will also be a program to select those youngsters who want to train to become coaches. The Sports Department of NEHU, Shillong will hold the Inter College Badminton (Men & Women) and Table Tennis (Men & Women) Tournament. 2023-24.
About 10 Khar banglas were arrested in the Alto 800 vehicle.
This constituency, which is about 60 km from Tura, is one of the most backward constituencies where development projects have not yet reached the people.
If you don't tell me, you know the past,” replied the mother. “It's useless to thnum because now even the TV is no longer watched.
Shillong: The Commissioner of Police, Delhi has approved an allocation of T.2,33,31,008 crore for the construction of a police station and other facilities at Head. Meghalaya Police Quarters at PTS Wazirabad.
Many policemen were injured in the clash and also the crowd threw lathi at each other and the crowd threw stones and fireworks. increase.
Shillong, March 15: MeCEL engineers under the banner of the MeCEL Engineers Association have donated T.1 lakh to the government for the flood victims in Garo Hills recently.
This Act also applies to those who live in such a country without complying with the provisions of the Act.
I myself came from a poor family and my parents from the beginning taught us sons and daughters to succeed in their studies because they didn't have thousands of dollars to give us.
The neighbors informed the Rangbah Shnong.
The purpose of the Pre Counseling is to encourage the youth from the rural areas who have already applied for the jobs of the police department at various levels. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, through the Chief Minister Career Guidance Scheme, has arranged to conduct this one-day program to explain how to join the police service.
" On the other hand, Dr.
On the other hand, the Executive Director of NHIDCL acknowledged the deterioration of the roads and assured that from 20th June, the works will start and will be completed as soon as possible by October .
Shillong, June 6: Police have received a complaint from HC Ummulong Beat House on October 29 at 7 pm that a truck (AS-11-AC) was hit by a truck. -0409 driven by Sunamuddin Khan of Nutan Chandrapur on his way from Khanduli to Shillong when he reached Mawpun, Wahiajer. Four unidentified robbers carrying knives and robbed T.60,000 tyngka from the truck.
KB Memorial SS (East Jaintia Hills) beat Rongsang BAgre SS 6-0
Publishing articles in newspapers is not just about expressing your opinions on various topics; but you also instill a love for your own language and encourage many to read and follow along, in literature and we expect experts in law, customs and traditions. teachers and even writers, not to rest, but to develop their own talents in the newspapers.
If we cannot control them from the border, we will drive them away when they reach the villages.
On the one hand, as the Rangbah Shnong, he said that the village authority requests the MeECL department to investigate thoroughly into this incident and on the other hand, he requested the MeECL department to clean up the area. Electrical signs running through the forests so that such incidents do not happen and also it is a source of happiness for the residents as a whole.
Many parents are sad and suffer when their children walk in their own ways.
Jowai, July 23: The JHADC today 24th will issue Sanad to all the Rangbah Shnongs recognized by the JHADC at a meeting to be held at Chutwakhu Indoor Stadium.
The cricket tournament was inaugurated by Dr M Nongpluh as the chief guest in the presence of MDC Awhai Andrew Shullai, village leaders, office bearers of LYSA and some of the people. The meeting was chaired by the President of Lion Sport and Youth Affairs, Donkupar Synkrem.
Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has said that those who rule the country are not the owners of Bangladesh, but she and her father, Sheikh Mujibur Rahman.
Speaking to Rupang, the Secretary of the Association, Bah FS Lyngdoh, said that the Association has received the land but they still have to go through many rules before starting the work. He said that the construction of parking lots, driver's seating rooms, outdoor areas and many other necessities will have to be completed first. It is expected that the work will be completed within a year. after that, foreign vehicles will be detained.
Thus it is from here that the First to the Ninth Seals will be opened at the beginning of the Last Month.
Shillong Lajong took the lead through Hamedamanbha Wahlang who scored the first goal in the 23rd minute and the second goal for Marngar. Shillong Lajong took a 3-1 lead at the end of the first half.
The body of a Class VIII student at Little Star Secondary School near Langtor School was recovered by him.
Fr.Pascal Lyngdoh said that the cost of cleaning the cathedral has reached less than 60,000 rupees as the cathedral is the largest.
Crops are affected by unseasonal or late rainfall.
“If you use it properly, you will get honest and clean governors but if you have sold the precious vote, if he or she wins they will no longer be able to provide clean services and you will I can't say anything but words.
It is also prohibited to sell more than 10 liters of petrol except for the vehicles of Magistrates and Police.
The Times Now ETG Research gave the BJP-NDPP 39 to 49 seats, the Congress 0 seats and the NPF 4 to 8 seats.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Michael Thongni, Chief Executive Officer, NeIPS, said that it is very difficult to do this public service.
We must not forget, control is ours for us.
It is learned that the night guard after hearing the sound of the dogs went to look inside the hostel, and after inspecting the first floor of the hostel he found the woman. who hung herself from behind by tying a towel rag from the metal grill of the door, that is on the brick path leading up to the roof of the house.
Police also found that many of the residents did not take into account the government's warning, which the government itself has warned them not to leave the road, although the vehicles were driven in an odd and even manner. but it was found that the people did not respect which prompted the police to take action against these rebels.
Conrad was accompanied by Tourism Minister Metbah Lyngdoh, Secretary Tourism Ministry Yogendra Tripathy and government officials.
“The moment they want to create trouble, it means that the destruction will go to the people whether they are rich or poor,” he said.
The residents of Jowai have gathered together to celebrate the festival around the villages of Jowai amidst the sounds that stirred up the souls of the residents.
Bah Rudi also encouraged the youth of the nation and the state to have the attitude that they are skilled like others and that we are not inferior and the youth should not be afraid. and the thought that other species do so and so to us but such feeling should be completely eradicated.
The Bolshevik Revolution under Lenin was victorious and overthrown in Russia.
Then the elders shall divide the land among themselves.
More than 50 suspected Khar Bangladeshis were deported during the raid.
The troops can be deployed in the city or anywhere else required, the order said.
We have heard very sad reports that some candidates are no longer hiding this, but are covering up these injustices.
Between the years 2005-2011, up to 1265.35 hectares of forest land have been destroyed for this reason.
Economic development is the most important thing for the people," he said.
Bless said this while laying wreath at the memorial of Balajied Dkhar, a member of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). ) who was shot dead by the police in Nongshiliang, Nongthymmai in 2000 along with two members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) including Dawanbiang Shullai, Assistant Finance Secretary of the KSU. , CEC and Rocky Shylla, Sports Secretary of KSU Wahthapbru Unit.
“Referring to the World Health Organization (WHO) figures, which show that one doctor treats 10,000 patients, he said, in Meghalaya, one doctor has to treat about 5,5 (estimate) the inhabitants of the village.
Speaking to reporters , Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that the ILP does not need to wait for the decision and approval of the central government , as the ILP already exists but all that remains is to implement it .
Dr. WR Kharlukhi MP Rajya Sabha, Minister of State Bah Kyrmen Shylla were the chief guests in the presence of teachers and students of Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai.
After that, the Chairman of the High Level Committee will convene a meeting and a decision will be taken,” he said. me and after that we will sit the State meeting.
He said that the reason for holding this meeting is because with the passing of the days, the kur ka jait has increased in number.
The Dorbar Shnong Jalynteng through its Secretary Bah S Khongsngi said that the shooting of Bah Roning is a violation of human rights. the secrets.
The spread of evil deeds and alcoholic beverages that the youth of today have become involved in is all due to the example of the authorities.
The rules of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly state that members may speak in the recognized or official language of English or the common language of the state or associate official language of Khasi and Garo.
RSS don't be fooled, the Khasi have their own identity, whether it is in customs, beliefs or ethnicity.
There was also an awarding ceremony for 20 students who have passed well in various examinations.
He said that the person has been sent to the Corona Care Center at the Civil Hospital and so far there are two cases of Covid-19 in the state.
The Seng demands that the police involved in this incident should be punished as this behavior has endangered human life.
According to Superintendent of Police (Crime), Bah Vivek Syiem, the incident may be related to the protest against the railway line which has been going on since 27th June.
He added that on the same day, police have arrested one suspect involved in the case and through his confession, police have seized several drugs. Two bombs, one of which was a live bomb, were defused by the Bomb Squad.
Rupang:We also see that now there are those who produce films through you tube and what is your vision, the future of income, the development of the talents of our youth, through you tube and I see that Youtube helps a lot of young people to earn a living, but Youtube is not easy either. , because we Khasi are small, except for those who can provide subtitles and have hope, I myself after the SILVER Button or Awards for 100k subscribers I will change the way to make videos to be worldwide.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Minister in charge of Municipal Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that it is misleading to allege that the government has not listened to the grievances of the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB). ) especially not releasing the outstanding arrear.
These doctors were dismissed on 31st November 2016 by the order of the District Medical and Health Officer (DMHO) of West Garo Hills.
He also admitted that the Seng cannot accept that the Guest House for the MDCs at the Traditional and Cultural Center will cost up to T.30 lakh.
Thirty countries including the USA, China, Japan, Russia, Indonesia, Malaysia, Mexico, Hong Kong, Sweden, Hungary and others participated in the competition. 28pulls Count.
We have trained key workers such as ANMs, Anganwadis, ASHAs, SHGs, Rangbah Shnongs, Religious Leaders and Village Leaders and Organizations to identify and identify those with symptoms and how to deal with them. when there is no pain.
The Behdienkhlam of the Jowai Raij will end on the 9th of this month and the central issues of this year besides social, political, environmental issues and including the G20 agenda.
In Biswanath Chariali and Darrang district, even in Guwahati, some people have held a ritual in the presence of many men and the ritual is known as the 'Corona Devi Puja' ' and conducted on the banks of streams, or at the top of large trees.
The slogan 'Ha U Prah' was heard during the speech of Congress leaders Bah Pynshngaiñlang N Syiem, MP and Congress candidate Bah Vincent H Pala. and others.
It is not the Khasi-Jaintia or Garo conflict, it is the responsibility of some political parties.
Shillong: 'Gin sa jop' will be released on 20th November 2019 at Bijou Cinema Hall. Directed by IB Thim and produced by Robert Sohbar.
On the 6th October 2024 at 2 pm, the Northeast Institute of Professional Studies (NeIPS) will hold a costume competition with the Shaphrang Ngin Tur group of Bah Blom. discuss 'The Need for Sap/Skills'
The Minister also laid the foundation stone for the construction of the new headquarters of the Raksamgre Civil Sub-Division, which will be constructed at a cost of Rs 4 crore.
Police sources said that according to intelligence information, many of the leading GNLA leaders such as Rupanto alias Toding, Dy CinC and his group and ASAK leaders such as Reading T Sangma and his team have climbed to Durama Hill and stayed in South Garo Hills.
It may be recalled that the Karbi have damaged thousands of trees planted by the Lapangap on the hill in November and also on the 18th of July. July to improve the surroundings.
Shillong, Jymmang 22 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the state government has not been able to release the quarrying methods used in the past without the you have a quarry permit or a lease.
She urged the students to take care of the environment and everything in it, because we have only one world and they are its future.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the PWD (Roads) Department, on Tuesday said that the state government has already directed the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to to immediately repair the damage to the Dwar Ksuid Bridge, Umroi so that vehicles can pass through the bridge.
The fare from Chennai used to be about T.5,000, but has now increased to T.16,000 to T.25,0
The march was accompanied by Ripun Bora, Chief Minister of the Congress party in the state.
In a statement, the JAC through Kyllang Thongni, Chairman, said that the JAC supports the protest of the KSU against the issuance of NOC by the KHADC. you can mine uranium.
I strongly appeal to my brothers and sisters to stand together for the sake of peace," Rio said.
The CSWO issued a statement after the head of the SIT investigation team, SP (City) Bah Vivek Syiem, concluded that according to the findings of the investigation team, Bah Marbaniang committed suicide.
Mansturdy is the opposition leader in the KHADC who has won most of the MDC seats from Ranikor from the Congress.
They did not join Tirot Singh in the fight against the British East India Company.
There is a great plague and there is a great plague.
This incident shows that Jesus opposed the taxation of the people and strongly condemned the income of the people (Mark 11:15-19).
We the people will see how the police work and we will make our own decision.
At another function, prizes were awarded to 2 (two) students who won chess in their studies, Steffi Niza W.Snaitang who won the 2nd Position. HSSLC MBOSE 2023 Science Stream and Chelsy Remisha W.Snaitang ICSE Exam (94.5%).
Johnson advised the public not to get injected with AstraZeneca, a vaccine that has not been used in the United States.
Dippu's most wickets included the third wicket of the opposition for 62 runs. Dippu also took the leading wicket of Techi Neri scored 46 runs. Md Nafees (2/23), Ram (1/18) and Arbin Singh (1/50) took wickets.
Not only in Fiji, but also in India, the Adivasis and Tribals from the North East to the central parts of India are facing difficulties and are in danger of disappearing from the face of the earth.
All the requirements for the construction of the C&RD Block in Wapung have been provided by the two Dorbar Shnongs-Wapungskur and Wapungshnong since June last year according to the request of the government.
Acknowledging that there is a vacancy, the Minister said that efforts will be made to reduce the power outage so that it will not affect the people.
Support staff includes Latika Ku Mari (head coach), Hemant Roy (assistant coach), Darishesha Mawroh (trainer), Marybalahun Sawkmie (physio), Mackie D Blah (manager).
Shillong, November 20: The 4th Orange Festival in the city of Shillong has been very busy with sohniamtra farmers from Riwar area coming to showcase and sell their produce at the market.
Through the work of the Holy Spirit, people speak in tongues.
Speaking to reporters, he said that he cannot do what Bah Sanbor Shullai has done, but he will help as much as he can from his own plan because he is not an MLA yet and if he wins the MLA election he will try. to work for the development of the constituency and to help the poor and needy. This young man has set a goal to create assistance or support for such families.
Not only that, the High Court also criticized that although the government and the Chief Secretary have the responsibility to ensure that illegal coal mines should not operate, this has been delayed until the the court had to sit on its own, and after that, there were many rules.
“The government as it is now, I think they have smiled because they see that only those who want to change the employment quota and only those who want to fix it,” said Bah Ardent.
The total number of recoveries is 13,412 and the death toll is
When asked about the schemes in Jaintia Hills, Bah Ernest Mawrie said, “We have decided to seek RTI from all government departments to implement projects that have been suspended for many years which have been the key to the development of Jaintia Hills. .
In this regard, Bah W.Makdoh, District Transport Officer, Ri-Bhoi, said that the raid to arrest vehicles or drivers who violate the rules and regulations, is also after receiving a lot of complaints that there are vehicles without permits and violations of the Motor Vehicle Rules.
The temporary closure of the Mawryngkhang Tourist Spot is in accordance with the order of the State Government, which has advised all tourist spots to temporarily close until 31st October 2020, in order to prevent the spread of the disease. .
God created man in His own image—and compassion and helping others is an act of God Himself.
The fighting subsided for a while, but at about 9.45 pm the fighting intensified.
The Chief Minister also handed over a check of Rs 5 lakh to each family affected by the tragedy.
“After this, we don't know how many complaints have been lodged at the police station, but until now the police have arrested a 30-year-old man named Md.Mosin. " said Prakash Bhandari.
If they can call the CBI, they can also send an investigation into all the allegations of corruption by the people against the State Government,” she added.
Speaking to reporters, SP Shivakanta said the Imphal Police Station has received a complaint regarding the abduction of Laishram Chinglen Singh. 22-year-old from DM College, Science New Boy's Hostel on November 8 at 1.30 pm.
He said that the Nongkhlaw Block will be a great blessing to the area and will also be an honor for the great Syiem of the Hima, Pa'iem Tirot Sing Syiem.
“We will meet with the political parties to find ways and means to resolve this issue, because this government has the political will to accomplish the task,” he said.
Dr. Khongjee in his speech, said that he did not expect to open this building in Wahlhuh, as he is no longer an MLA.
“The youth are the greatest asset of the state and the presence of intelligent and skilled youth will bring about a prosperous and skilled society,” he said.
“Ka seng wants to say to these handcuffed guards, you have no reason for the party or the vehicle of our leaders.
Kishan also scored 74 runs off 89 balls, including nine fours, while Tanmay Mishra scored 52 runs off 83 balls, including nine fours. furnace'.
She said the case was handed over to the SIT on 6th June under the supervision of the Inspector General of Police (CID) and the investigation will be completed within 90 days.
“Phase III of the scheme will be implemented from next month but nothing can be done during those months,” she said.
This Act will change the people who rule the Government of Meghalaya when foreigners have become more paid and if we Khasi have lost our ownership of the land and it has become owned by the Government of Meghalaya which means that the people Foreigners shall own the Khasi land through their rule over the Government of Meghalaya.
“I strongly oppose the existence of any committees in the party,” he said on receiving information that there was a meeting of some UDP leaders today at the residence of Bah. Bindo M Lanong -Working President.
Shillong, November 9: The 36 hour curfew will start from tomorrow at 5 pm and end at 5 pm the next day on the 11th of this month.
This was announced by the President of the Jowai Seiñraij, Bah OR Shallam and the Dolloi of Jowai District, Bah Puramon Kynjing while talking to media at the Seiñraij Jowai headquarters on Tuesday.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, was the chief guest at Shillong Pinewood in the presence of the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, Dr. Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said, “IAS, IAS, Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya “I am delighted to witness the increase in empowerment of the youth through initiatives such as YESS Meghalaya and the implementation of the Sports Policy.
This was announced by Daniel Khongsit, President of Bakur Social Welfare Sports Club.
The decision to include Russia and Belarus in the Asian Games is to help them qualify for next year's Paris Olympics.
It turns out that these foreigners who set up factories in Jaintia Hills with subsidy from MIDC, appoint those local directors and their job is to come forward if any political parties come. or groups that oppose their tortious activities.
Back to the Bible – In the beginning God created only two people in the garden of Eden, Adam and Eve.
In previous years, FlyBig was the sole operator of the aircraft.
Khliehriat, July 28: The 74th Republic Day was celebrated in East Jaintia Hills District today at the grounds of Khliehriat Higher Secondary School. , East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, hoisted the tricolor flag of the country and received the Rashtriya Salute of nine parade groups including the parade from EJHD, the NCC, Bharat Scouts and Guides and students from various schools.
Pynshaiborlang Rani, Information and Publicity Secretary, KSU Central Executive Council was the chief guest and also took part in the confirmation of the new office bearers of the Shangpung Unit.
We clean up the rivers, we clean up the garbage to cleanse the source, the kyrpong lade! You can't finish the shato and finish the malade.
They have brought all their sins to Jesus so much that they will be willing to corrupt so much, as if they will take them with them, when it is time to return to the Creator! b) As government servants – Once you hear, when you say 'government servant', you feel like the people are the masters, because they are the ones who elect the MLA to be their servant.
More than T.51 lakh was also seized from these groups.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today played against Seng Khasi College followed by Christian Academy against Mawlai Presbyterian HSS. On Tuesday, he informed that the State Government has taken seriously the Roster System and the discussions and consultations on this issue will start from tomorrow. to 3 pm.
At the same time, Shillong received 45.6mm of rainfall while Umiam received 17.0mm.
All these children, while talking to reporters, said that if the opportunity arises, they would like to study in the field of medicine.
The theme of the celebration is '10 years of knowledge, now punishment for corruption'
But the memory of the song The tape is mechanical.
The e-shram portal is designed to register all domestic workers to receive government assistance such as cash, social security scheme, employment, Bhima Yojana Insurance and others.
This required discussions in all 54 Hima/Elakas in Ri Khasi and 19 Elaka in Jaintia Hills.
“If you use electricity, the bill is the same, if you don't use electricity, it's the same and if you don't get electricity, it's the same,” said Bah Titos.
The News Blaze, November 14, 2009, reported: “The Government of India admits that about 3,000 to 5,000 Bangladeshis enter India illegally every day.
Members of the National Disaster Management Authority will attend the mock exercise by the state and districts.
People who witnessed the incident including police immediately rendered assistance and took him to hospital.
The second semi final will be played between Salaroh and Rymbai Shkenshynriah at 2 pm and any of these teams will qualify for the final against Mukhla FC. The Girls' National Football Championship (Tier 2) started with a 4-1 victory over Telangana in Jaipur.
The former Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister said that conditions in rural areas have worsened.
The Hill State line is 5 feet from the ground.
Elect those who know how to speak, make laws, make policies and have a vision for the good of the country and the nation.
Speaking on the target of his government, Conrad said Meghalaya is one of the 10 states included in India.
We are surprised that the Government of Meghalaya, without getting permission from the words of the mother, has decided to give it to Assam,” said the Basan of Raid Nongkseh.
The Seng leaders have also lodged a complaint with the SP of East Khasi Hills District.
These people were fined for driving under the influence of alcohol, driving motorcycles without helmets, changing silencers, smoking and others.
The Governor said that India is growing rapidly in terms of economic growth and the world is also growing rapidly in terms of technology.
Khan was diagnosed with the disease a few days ago.
“Since this complaint has been taken up by the department and the department has set a deadline for completion of the case, there is no need to postpone the case,” she said.
The Pro VC and his bodyguard were accompanied by the Pro VC and his bodyguard and the purpose was to force him to obey the order of the Vice Chancellor. night, is not in accordance with the rules of the University.
“We are ready to punish the officials involved in this case,” said PAC member Ronnie V Lyngdoh.
Dr Jesmine said that as a candidate, when she wins, she will set a goal to eradicate poverty in the constituency, to help in creating employment opportunities by helping children to train in vocational training. and other educational opportunities for employment.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the coach of the team, Daicy Marwein of the Sports & Youth Affairs Department, said that the participation of the children was a pleasure for her as a coach, as they showed their spirit. work hard and that they have begun to reach the full age of play in their lives.
Four MLAs including AL Hek, Sanbor Shullai, Robinus Syngkon and Justine Dkhar have been agreed by the BJP leaders to attend the meeting. on Saturday but none showed up as expected.
“Now you can flee without a government in Delhi, it's a joke,” he said. “The Anti-Defection law is good to curb MLAs because in the past MLAs fled at will.
The KSU has also decided to meet with the DC tomorrow, regarding the rape of the Assam police and at the same time the KSU will demand that tomorrow the DC will send the The Assam Police have been ordered not to interfere in the Meghalaya territory especially the construction of the bridge and also to send temporary police patrols near the Kureliya Bridge.
Bah P.Doonai, while explaining the purpose of this special day, as the officer in charge of wildlife, expressed his deep sorrow to see that the wildlife in the forest, they have begun to disappear with the passing of the days, because this is also due to the lack of understanding of people to preserve the species that live in the forests.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Office of the District Planning Officer, Ri Bhoi District in collaboration with the State Council for Science, Meghalaya has decided to hold a 'Run For Science' young men and women who have reached the age of 14 years and above.
As soon as the sky became dark, instead of burning the head lights, they turned around the vehicles to avoid running out of fuel and many incidents have happened in which they have hit passers-by on the side of the road.
The celebration began in 1973 under the auspices of the United Nations to protect the environment.
For example, if you are employed in State Government departments, the maximum number of jobs is 200 to 400 jobs per year.
Who doesn't think Manipur will get ILP; However, the fact is that the state has already approved the ILP earlier and the demand has been pending with the Government of India, while Meghalaya has never demanded ILP. Shillong: The Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) has written to the Home Minister of India, Amit Shah to implement the Inner Rights Act. Line Permit (ILP) and to strengthen the Sixth Schedule in the state.
Exodus 7:10-24.
According to the letter, the DEO has received complaints that political parties have used children during their election campaigns especially during rallies. and go shout everywhere.
Therefore, the public is advised not to eat the apples, but to clean the skin thoroughly and then to clean the skin of the apple.
Ganesh Pehalwan, from Mukut Mukharvind in Govardhan, said that the temple authorities have decided to close the temple because they do not agree to use hand sanitizers. , but the faithful were allowed to worship through the LED screens, which are located in the courtyard of the temple.
He added that this is a day to remind the department of the instructions and responsibilities that everyone should take, and to remind the department to achieve the goal they have set, not to be led astray, or to only see schemes, in a rush to complete them in a given time.
He said that Dr.Ampareen Lyngdoh has informed the Seng that she will visit the hospital on the 15th of this month to unfurl the flag of the country in the district. the celebration of the Independence Day of the country.
He said that he has a desire to complete the road from Mawphlang to Weiloi because this work has not been completed for almost 2 years and even the road which has been completed has been damaged and needs to be completed. to talk to the PWD to give the right instructions.
Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency MLA KP Pangniang said that to expel the Nepalis who have lived and existed in the area since ancient times is very difficult but we should respect each other for the sake of our livelihood. He said that the newcomers cannot be allowed anymore because the government authorities have already arranged not to allow them anymore.
He owns six vehicles and movable assets worth T.127,85,767 while his wife has T.54,99,9
K.Riahtam, General Secretary, Cherra Bosconian Union (CBU), Sohra.
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: The Meghalaya High Court today ruled that a case has been registered under the Nongstoin Police Station Case No. 114(11)17 U/S 498A IPC. The appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries in Meghalaya is illegal and unlawful.
If you can follow these rules without fail you will be the happiest and most successful person in life”, said the speakers.
Helen Giri has taken part in various programs and festivals, but has also organized festivals not only for music and traditional dance in Meghalaya, which has been well received by the community.
The Chief Election Commissioner of India, OP Rawat, has refused to hold elections across India at the same time, saying that there is a need for a proper law to extend or shorten the elections. working hours of State legislatures, through an Act of the Constitution.
Union Minister of State for Information and Technology Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore told reporters that the raid was carried out on the orders of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who “This is a message to neighboring countries that support terrorist groups,” Rathore said.
They were handed over to the Dawki Police Station, where it is understood that they will be handed over tomorrow to the Amlarem Magistrate's Court and imprisoned for their robbery.
He said that he used to meet Cherish well when he was in the HNLC. When asked how he feels about the statement of the Opposition demanding that Cherish should be brought to justice. “I welcome the return of Cherish, the General Secretary of the HNLC, to the HNLC. Paidang said, “I welcome the return of Cherish, the General Secretary of the HNLC. The Opposition during its tenure in the ruling party has not done anything for the HNLC members who are in Bangladesh to return to the country. “It's a new government but when the present government does something wrong, it's the way of the Opposition to criticize when the government does well,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
AIS SujaThe friendship between the USA and Israel has been very close since the past and today.
According to sources, the Cachar District authorities including the District Superintendent of Police, the Officer Incharge of Borkhola, the DFO of the Forest Department, have led the raid.
Because after this you will be imprisoned for 1000 years.
It doesn't matter if the current Executive Committee doesn't exist in the coming term, but if it is understood that what they are doing is necessary, we believe the Kurs will come forward to demand it.
There was a traffic jam in the area which lasted for about 3 hours and it was not until 11 pm that the tree and the electricity post were removed.
According to a statement sent by the leader, he said that it was during the tenure of MLA Bah Dasakhiat Lamare that this road was completed and it was also after many times the party had demanded from the government. The MLA has decided to clean up the road and with the initiative of the MLA, it has now been achieved on the basis of the desire of the people to get a proper road.
“To remove the Scheduled Tribe from the minority groups as well as the minority Christian religious groups is like taking away the rights given to them under Article 7 of the Constitution of India.
The world says that such kind of freedom is not true freedom.
“When we learned of the news from the Prime Minister that Amit Shah will come in October, we were filled with joy and excitement to meet him but now at the end of the month we have not received any information or news. Shillong: The 4-Mowkaiaw Block Congress Committee (BCC) on Tuesday inaugurated the 4-Mowkaiaw Block Congress Committee (BCC) on 30th October The houses built by the BCC and donated by one of the leaders of the Party Congress, Rangbah Firstly Syad, to two families, who have lost their homes in the past years due to the fireworks.
These are the prophecies of the 70 weeks that the angel Gabriel told Daniel to tell the world for these last days.
Shillong: U Babu Birbor Riangtem, President of the Meghalaya Government Lower Primary Contract Teachers Association, on Tuesday came out once again to protest against the strike. Fellow teachers who have been dismissed as Contract Teachers since 2021 to stand in front of the Secretariat Gate, which started today, 7th November
Taxi driving in Shillong has become a subject that cannot be explained in human terms or that is true, which produces hundreds of kinds of biria, both cruel and rude; However, despite these incidents, we see that the State Government has not listened or wanted to intervene.
The Airport Authority of India (AAI) has also been requested to operate the bus,” he said.
The union urges the two government departments to postpone the date of the examination and especially the MPSC to set its own date for the examination for these two posts.
Shillong, November 18: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday said that it is time for the MLAs of the state to speak in the Khasi language in the Legislative Assembly. the Central Government in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution.
Nongpoh: Police have arrested the leader of the party along with members of the party on charges of robbing two petrol pumps in Bhoirymbong Lumdaitkhla and Umroi Umdohbyrthih, other leaders of the CoRP, yesterday visited the owners of these petrol pumps, in order to reach an understanding between their leader and the people in charge of these petrol pumps. that Petrol Pump.
Rangeimi Lapasam (60) and Wanpoi Lyngdoh (44) took four wickets. Knight Rider took four wickets. Balam Shadap took three wickets while Theovan Lapasam and Kaidamang Dkhar took 10 wickets each.
The Yatra is a symbol of the largest information mission of the Government of India.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Secretary of the Union, Bah RL Blah, said that the decision to set up the committee was taken because the government through the Prime Minister has The Government intends to convene this meeting to explain the Roster System.
“Yes, I understand,” said the mother.
At the same time, the Minister of Road Construction said that the department will look for ways to address the problems faced by the employees of this government department in Garo Hills.
“Although we have proposed a high salary of T.2 lakh per month for doctors who go to the rural areas, there are three doctors who have worked and this is only in Garo Hills,” said the officer. the Ministry of Health.
WJH played a strong match against WKHDCA, winning the match by nine runs.
Police said the incident happened at around 3 pm.
At that time the standard churches of the various churches will be closed down because they will meet together in one church.
The Vice Principal of the Institute of Hotel Management, Shillong, Dr. (Mrs.) B.Kharshiing, who was the Resource Person on this occasion, gave a training on how to welcome tourists. They came to Mawkdok before going to Sohra.
So that there will be no evil within the kur and there will be no peace within these two kurs in the future.
“The lack of electricity for months is very surprising, although we have witnessed that the heavy rainfall has caused the lack of electricity, but the union is surprised that it has been raining heavily. Even the fire has burned out, and it is not known what caused it.
Due to the sudden turn of the truck at this place, the umphniang from the truck has flowed into the road and it was seen that the people of the area to go and collect the umphniang which has flowed from the truck. There is no fear that the truck could catch fire suddenly. There is no fear that the truck will catch fire suddenly. and lead me back to great sorrow.
He said that besides MeECL employees, there were also experts from IIT Guwahati.
She said the drones will be used together to inspect the areas affected by floods and earthquakes.
However, there are nurses whom the union has found working in the Sub-Centres under the jurisdiction of this CHC who are working very hard.
He was released on bail of $800,000. He said that during the hearing there were about 40 people who supported him and this is unusual and these 40 people include the His mother, his mother's youth because his father died a year and a half ago, the teachers of Ooltewah High School, the school he attended.
Likewise, Israel must think of the people of Gaza as it thinks of its own people before it invades Gaza.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Hubert Kharkongor, President, UDP Mawlai Circle, Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, Bah WL Narry, Rangbah Dong Pata and others.
The incident happened at 5:30 pm at the main gate of the Assam Regimental Centre.
The presence of the BDO Office in Khliehriat is another benefit to the people of the District especially those who come from far away from the Border Areas.
Leaders from various countries have expressed their deep sorrow and grief over the passing away of the President, Foreign Minister of Iran and others in the helicopter crash.
She also alleged that the Rangbah Shnong of Mawshikar did not believe in her visit at that time when she was in great sorrow and she said that this was because he was a bakha and Sron Lyngkhoi is my friend.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 25: As part of the promotion of sports in the area and at the same time to celebrate the 25th Anniversary of the Seng, the Mawkadiang Sports Social Welfare & Cultural Organization (SWEA) has opened its doors. The Silver Jubilee Open Football Tournament 2022-23 was held at Mawkadiang Stadium.
The truth is that no one despises the Hindi language, but it is only that those who oppose it cannot understand and respect the language, even if it is written in English according to the rules. law.
“In 1996, the Balang Kmie of Phudmuri came to set up a lyngkha work at this place in Umshing and in 2011, five candidates from Phudmuri Presbyterian passed their matriculation examination because the government has not yet recognized the school in Umshing. that's the time and they passed.
Then the words of George Orwell apply exactly to that: “creatures from the outside are like pigs to men, and from men to pigs, and from pigs to men again; but it is difficult to explain who is who.
He also acknowledged that Shillong North is a constituency where many young people are educated but no one supports or opens the way for them to move forward in their lives.
I have spoken, and I will do it: I will do it.
East Khasi Hills Police on Tuesday arrested KSU Assistant Finance Secretary Ostarnic Marbaniang on suspicion of involvement in the recent murder in Ichamati. .
Speaking to media, the Adviser of MEMRIWU, Bah Roypar Kharraswai said, “Since July when the State Government terminated the contract with GVK, the EMRI-1 The National Health Mission, Meghalaya has been appointed to conduct the campaign from November to November, 2022 but now the month of November, 2023 has come, which is 10 years, but the Government has not yet taken a decision on this.
She said that the Government of India has schemes to fight against drugs through various programs such as the Integrated Program for Alcoholism and Drug Abuse, the National Action Plan, the Joint Action Plan. The Meghalaya Drug Abuse Prevention Policy 2020 in which almost all departments have a role to play in the fight against alcohol abuse and marketing of these intoxicants.
The residents of Langshon-thiang and Jaïaw and surrounding villages, have expressed their deep satisfaction after the MLA of the area, Bah Gigur Myrthong, has taken the initiative to bring about development works in The area, especially the road, is the source of income, traffic and transportation.
The villages which used to get the network from Ngunraw village are now facing difficulties due to the lack of network.
They were welcomed by Bah Primson Makdoh, HSPDP candidate from Umsning Constituency, Bah PB Sylliang, President of HSPDP Ri Bhoi Constituency and others. HSPDP leaders in the district and state.
Riangdo, July 29: Regarding the situation in the northern part of the country, the elders of Nongjri Village have expressed their concern regarding the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Private Limited ( provide electricity.
The program was organized by the Executive Engineer PWD (Roads) Central Division, Jowai as part of the Amrut Mahotsav celebrations or the 75th Anniversary of Independence of the country. Agency) under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Rural Development (MORD) of the Union Government to ensure that the states implementing the PMGSY scheme conduct programs to celebrate the independence of the country.
Police have seized 600 bottles of Elocydyl (each 100 ml), 10 bottles of 500 ml each, 11 bottles of colored foods (1 kilo each). one), 10 kg of Diphenhydramine Hydrochloride (mixtures for Phensedyl), 1 kg of Chlorpheniramine Maleate (another mixture for Phencedyl), 7 books relating to cleaning and pharmaceuticals, bottles of Phynsedyl (100 ml each), 780 empty bottles of 100 ml, 46 boxes of Phynsedyl medicines that have been packed, one box of bottle caps, one bag with the name of Phynsedyl, one a Bottling Machine, and two other equipment for the preparation of medicines and T.11,7
Through this arrangement, the District Courts have the power to override and repeal Rule No.33 relating to appointment.
If the soil is dry, it is necessary to water it so that it can grow well.
However, Jaintia Hills was ruled by the French government.
This man became a faithful servant and went from place to place in
Wansuk said that if she is re-elected she will work for the welfare of the people and for the development of the state.
“On the 9th of November, all banks should be closed for public purposes. The T.2000 and T.500 notes will be issued soon. having higher value currencies".
Unidentified robbers have started robbing motor vehicles of people in many places in Jowai.
We also wanted to be part of the NDA team.What else can I say? Please support us at the Municipal Corporation in Hyderabad.
Member of Parliament from Nongthymmai, Bah Charles Pyngrope, said that the government should take action on the condition of the Umiam bridge as it could endanger the traffic if it happens suddenly. collapse.
Former Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan on Sunday warned and promised to punish any police chief involved in the raid on his residence in Zaman Park.
The Border Area Scheme has not been implemented for two years.
He said that the party will take action to talk to the state government to create the necessary mechanisms for the fight against drugs. They also demanded that the government should set up Rehabilitation Centers in Ri Bhoi to provide special services to those youths who have become addicted to drugs and also to continue to preach against drugs. “As youth, we should never touch drugs which is the enemy of the youth and society,” he added.
Police said they also seized a Royal Enfield motorcycle used by the two robbers.
The more they get, the more attached they become and forget that time has passed so quickly.
Experts from various fields came to explain on issues related to Lok Adalat, consumer rights, violence against domestic workers, rape of women, knowledge on the use of RTI, criminal cases, accident cases, lodging FIRs and others.
At this meeting, the leaders of the Seng from Rilum Khasi Jaintia visited the village which was also a sign of the large number of supporters, a few days after the visit of Mamata Banerjee, the leader of the party. The Trinamool Congress leader who visited Garo Hills last month.
After the arrest of these three persons, hundreds of people from the slasha farms, turned to the police station to protest against the arrest of these three persons and many prayed in front of the police station.
Here, we see that even if the price increases slightly, many people listen and buy without worrying.
Girinath said the orders were issued after an inspection by the Chief Secretary DK Shivakumar.
When asked about those who have left India, some of them from Meghalaya have responded.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), which is also one of the political parties in the Sur ki Paibdah of Mawlai, rushed to the scene to stop the incident. The CRPF police did not understand and did not calm down. They bombed the two leading leaders of the HYC, the assistant organizing secretary. Mr. Isaac Basawiamoit and the Sports Secretary of the party.
It also seized 13 properties, 95 bank accounts and sent 20 letters against gangs and insurgents.
It has also been seen that many unemployed youths are no longer willing to touch a sword or a knife, this is a serious threat and puts at risk the future generation.
At the time of publication, the VPP leaders along with the MLAs were still at Kashari Point.
Jowai, Naiwieng 30: The Kiang Nangbah Government College Students Union (KNGCSU) today visited Ram Singh, Jowai. Director of Higher and Technical Education (DHTE) and submitted a petition to him to demand the appointment of a full time Principal and Vice Principal of Kiang Nangbah Government College.
He said that people throw too much garbage on the roads and footpaths and this shows that there is still too little attention to cleanliness.
The selection will be held on the 11th of this month at Madan Dkhiah West Sports Club.
:The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes has announced the enforcement of Section 144 CrPC to prohibit and prohibit the illegal mining and transportation of coal in all districts and outside the district.
He said that in this Bill, there will be a District Task Force empowered by law.
The KSU leaders demanded that the government should provide the necessary equipment so that the fight against COVID-19 can be successful.
The meeting was held at the ICSSR Guest House in the presence of Digvijay Singh (Treasurer) and Hemanta K. Kalita (BFI Secretary General); The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) was appointed by Bah P. Laloo, Joint Secretary.
The injured were taken to Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat by EMRI
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) on Tuesday said that the invasion of foreigners has appeared in the Sohra Hima in the Majai area and surrounding villages.
The MAL is a tournament with 20 teams, which started last year but for more than a year and a half, the MFA has not been able to hold the tournament. Each team has to pay at least 40,000 tyngka including the registration fee for the team and registration for the players.
The SSSS also urged the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to submit a petition expressing its opposition to the demand of the Garo.
There is only one football ground but two schemes have been implemented and the work has been implemented by the JCB of Bah HDR Lyngdoh himself.
On the other hand, I.G Ftr.
In the incident, the robbers stole his mobile phone and also broke the camera he used to take pictures.
The residents of Jakhong Village have received a PWD road since 2002 and have not yet received a colored road.
The MPCC held a meeting last night to discuss the political situation in KHADC and at that meeting it was decided that the Congress party should withdraw from the PDF. Manstudy Nongrem, MDC from Langrin constituency who is also Chairman of KHADC, said that the MPCC has ordered the MDCs to withdraw from the PDF. “After the MPCC meeting, there was another special meeting and I was directed to inform the MPCC meeting. “The three Congress MDCs should resign from the post of Executive Member,” he said.
This is the first ambulance to be received in Shillong Hospitals.
Cricket Smit, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 133 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 20 overs.
Nongtnger said that after investigation, a team led by Eldikinstar Sohtun raided his residence in Mawpat and seized a homemade pistol, 7 rounds of ammunition. 0.22, 6 rounds of 38 mm, one round of ammunition, 5 rounds of 12 bore rounds, one air gun and one mobile phone.
Although the VPP has not issued any statement on the purpose of the meeting between the party leaders and Bah Amazing, sources said that after a while, this fierce public speaker he did not join the party led by Bah Ardent.
(3) The last one is- In this year of Covid-19 let us pray at home that the blood of Jesus shed on the cross will cleanse the Khasi Hills and Meghalaya so that the sword shall depart from us.
Within 30 hours of taking over, Alok Verma has lifted all the orders of dismissal of CBI officials close to him, including about two dozen.
Superintendent of Police, Bah Vivek Syiem, said that a Maruti 800 without registration number, through a video that has been ringed, has been driving improperly and speeding. The driver of the vehicle collided with a stone at Laitumkhrah Police Point.
“What protection and responsibility will the BJP give to Meghalaya and other Christian states in the North East, regarding the attack on churches in all the states? How many states in the country have witnessed this in Meghalaya and Assam recently?
The police arrested the accused.
Since 1971, lakhs of Bangladeshis have entered, whether you have arrested them or not, they have entered from the border and settled in Shillong,” said Thabah.
The life expectancy of men and women is about 71 to 74 years.
The Bible tells us that at the beginning of the 1000 years only the righteous will be resurrected.
The injection given to the child is usually given to children of this age known as DTP (Diptheria, Tetanus and Pertussis).
Speaking on the occasion, Airisha said, “When this leader has created a district, should we repay him with evil and when he has done well, it is their duty. Please support us through your votes as a sign of appreciation.
Puramon Kynjiñ, Dolloi Jwai District and received a welcome speech by the President, Wh.
“This has created many problems for us because many of those who have jobcards do not have jobcards,” he said. Their job cards have not been linked to Aadhaar.
As the death toll has increased across parts of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, the central government has taken measures to learn more about the causes of death it was suspected that it was due to the particular heat of the sun.
North Garo Hills SP Ramesh Singh said that the armed men entered the factory through the second gate and ordered the gatekeepers to open the main gate of the factory and only the The incident occurred at 2 pm this morning, and no one was injured in the incident.
After he did not return home, his family members searched and found his body at the farm today.
The Meteorological Department has also estimated that there are other villages near Sohra and Mawsynram which have experienced heavier rainfall but due to lack of equipment to take the survey. From all the villages, only these two villages were taken together.
Shillong: If the Central Government under the leadership of the BJP passes the Citizenship Amendment Bill, COMSO will file a petition in the Supreme Court. “Any law passed by the House can only be overturned by the Supreme Court. If they pass the CAB, we will appeal to the Supreme Court.
The Officer of the Food and Civil Supply Department of the DC Office, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, explained about the working of the Food and Civil Supply Department, especially the need to link the Ration Cards and u Aadhaar Number.
The scrutiny of nomination papers will be held on 11th March 2021, and the last date for withdrawal from contesting the mid-term MLA elections will be on 13th March 2021. 30th March 2021.
The General Secretary of the AMPSTA, Bah FC Shullai, in an interview with reporters, said that there are 83 teachers from Meghalaya, 36 from Khasi Hills, 36 from Khasi Hills and 36 from Khasi Hills. 28 cases from Jaintia Hills and 19 cases from Garo Hills.
This project will produce clean electricity without polluting the environment.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83079 out of which 80900 have recovered and 1439 have died.
Bah Bindo said that the government's inability and the problems it is facing are due to the wrong path from the beginning.
Then the electricity, water and roads, except for almost all the works have been completed.
Other friends of hers who were close to her also began to praise the goodness of Panah ka Rida.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 14: The West Khasi Students Union (WKSU) has slammed the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma, saying that the government has deceived and deceived the people of the state in relation to the employment of the people of the state. fix the border.
He said he had seen and said that the use of religion in the election campaign was not appropriate because he believed in the freedom of religions.
He stressed that if the farmers do not understand in this regard; On the other hand, Bah Banteidor said, “What Bah Ernest is saying is that if there is a proposal to provide money, but FOCUS is the scheme is not available to the public.
The organizing committee of the festival has divided its teams into rural, urban and across Lum Garo.
Mishra posted on her Facebook page that she had lodged a complaint with the police against Salman Khan, Shatrughan Sinha and her family members over the alleged rape.
Lieutenant General DS Ahuja, General Commanding Area 101 Area, distributed certificates to the family of (L) Keishing Clifford Nongrum of the Indian Army and to the family of Lt. Major David Manlun. Ribar Singh Lyngdoh, Head Constable Meghalaya Police, Ebinson Kharakor, Armed Branch, who has worked hard in the field of driving. Constable/1612, Meheshwari Basumatary, Armed Branch Constable/1728, bah Bahshanlang Marbaniang, Armed Branch Constable/2761, bah Markdonald Kharkongor -Armed Branch Constable/2706, Assistn N.Arengh – Armed Branch Constable/109.
They were arrested from a vehicle ML05-M-1175 during a search operation conducted at Jaidohkroh, Ksehkohlong village, Nongstoin Police Station.
The announcement was made by the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh at a meeting held at the Integrated Agriculture Training Centre, Shillong.
“I know that the competition is difficult, because it is an International Open, many foreign players, such as Uzbekistan, Turkey, Iraq and others come to compete. participate, and our players have to prepare well.
Maw U-Tieng SC beat Kharang SC 2-0 in the Women's League 2023 on Friday at the Shillong Sports Association. Polo.
In order to ensure safe travel, the students from Meghalaya have left for Imphal by plane to avoid any incident if they travel by road as it is not safe in other places.
Clearly, the new Heaven and the New Earth is a subject that has been discussed since ancient times.
Russia has acknowledged that it has lost many of its troops in the war with Ukraine, confirmed by Russian government spokesman Dmitry Peskov. "It's the worst loss for us," Peskov told Sky News.
The meeting was attended by the Rangbah Shnong of Raid Saw-Symper, former school children who are now working as government officers, Pastors of the Church of God Assam-Meghalaya, parents of the students. The meeting was conducted by the Principal of the school, Babu SS Shullai.
There will be one or two of them who will stay but when their work or any event is over, they will remember their villages and places where there are relatives and relatives.
He said that a terrible danger awaits our small nation because most of the time the large nations try to insult or create ways and means to destroy the nation.
Not only that, but the leader of the party from Mawlai, Bah Teibor Pthaw, has also renamed the PDF, the Destructive Formula (PDF), in which Bah Pathaw, alleged that the leader of the party is still Pynshngain N Syiem has decided not to give ticket to Teibor Pathaw for the upcoming MLA elections.
He said that to implement the successful Vector Borne Disease Programme, the Central Government has appointed contract MPWs in 17 states including Meghalaya, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura while Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, Karnataka, Maharashtra, West Bengal, Bihar and Rajasthan are supported by the World Bank.
Furthermore, what is more shocking to the state is that NEEPCO has stopped supplying electricity to the state due to the inability to pay all the money that the department has owed to the government.
India has made history by winning 18 gold medals at the 2023 Asian Games.
Eldie said the charges against Laitumkhrah Police Station include Sections 341,324,353,505,506,34 while at Sadar Police Station they are 120 (B), 141,323,341,353,427,5 Regarding the incident, Bah Eldie said that once it happened at a meeting convened by the party, the responsibility would have to be taken by the party.
As usual every year, the Dhar Kur has awarded special prizes and certificates to all the students of the Kur who have passed well or who have achieved chess examinations. various ranks in recent examinations.
He strongly condemned the statements of RC Laloo on the neglect of Jowai, saying how else the projects which have been pending for decades have been completed through MLA Wailadmiki Shylla.
The HYC Nongthliew expects that the MLA of the area will be able to implement the demands of the HYC as well as the aspirations of the people of Nongthliew.
Shillong: Vandana Mahajan took six wickets to lead Meghalaya to beat Jammu and Kashmir in the Women's Senior One-Day Trophy in Puducherry.
At present, the Mylliem constituency is led by Bah Hamletson Dohling from the same party.
Manu Bhaker and Sarabjot Singh have proved their skills in pistol shooting by defeating Varun Dubey and Vibhuti Bhatia.
Mr. Dasakhiatbha Lamare will be appointed to the Department of Fisheries, General Administration Department, Public Work Department (Building).
Mewan's painting is on the theme Save Mother Earth.
Romoniam Syngkon, National Referee, took part as the instructor to explain and conduct the examination.
The welcome speech was delivered by HS Shylla CEM and others who took part in the ceremony were J Tynsong, A War, Telinia Thangkhiew, Ricky Shullai, Lamphrang Blah, D. Wanlang, Mrs. M Mawsor, Mrs. H Lyngdoh, Mrs. Albinus Lyngdoh, Mrs. Adelberth Nongrum, Mrs. Grace M Kharpuri.
At the same time, he said that as the site has been found to be suitable for the construction of the new Secretariat, the Government will hold a Cabinet meeting to discuss. and take the decision to move forward with this work.
On the other hand, the President of MSSASA, Bah Aristotle C Rymbai said that the association has already sent a letter to the Chairman of the State Education Commission on 01st March 2023 to create posts and transfer 12,5 Out of the 12541 SSA teachers, 5814 are lower primary teachers and 6727 are lower primary teachers. Upper Primary teachers working under the framework of the Samagra Education Abhiyan formerly known as the Sarva Education Abhiyan.
The Forest Department through the office of the Divisional Forest Officer Social Forestry of East Khasi Hills District, has blocked and cut down the bridge with trees and shrubs, to prevent people from passing through this bridge in the area. to accommodate thousands of tourists from all over the state and other countries of the world.
Before the opening ceremony, the meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by the daughter of Bah Swell, Kong Lakyntiew Lyngdoh. in the memory of my father.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU), the HiTO and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have immediately sent a letter to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The relationship between the two will promote education and the development of science,” said Raju while speaking at the celebration of the 50th anniversary of science education at Shillong College on Thursday.
The Congress, which has been the strongest and most paid party in Meghalaya since ancient times, has changed after the capital left Delhi.
Various traditional dances were performed by the youth of the Sein Raij Jowai and others from the Sein Raij.
“Most of the Mizos do not understand Hindi and there is not a single minister in my government who understands Hindi and some of them do not understand English well.
Qamar Javed Bajwa.
Shillong: U Lakhon Biam, MDC of the JHADC, has admitted that the joining of four UDP MDCs to the BJP is not due to the lack of funds of the Council but to strengthen the council. to the Council.
Response: This article is specifically for fellow Christians.
They have accumulated wealth without thinking of the people.
To generate electricity, the government has also signed agreements with NEEPCO and other companies to generate 1100 MW of electricity through coal.
Speaking to media, Dubey said, “I request the Government of Meghalaya to join hands to express its strong opposition to the Central Government's plan to amend the relevant law. and electricity, the Electricity Amendment Bill,
However, this treatment has been provided at the Civil Hospital Shillong after the hospital has been equipped with new medical equipment for the treatment of serious diseases and also after the MoU with NEIGRIHMS. by the Mission Director, NHM in collaboration with Cancer Care.
Day! Day! Day! Now you have a pen, brother.
The Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of the Deputy Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Council, Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem on Friday held a meeting. Visit to the Khasi Heritage Village for the 2024 Monolith Festival 2024 at Mawphlang.
He has overcome death, He has overcome the devil, He has overcome Satan Lucifer because He has paid with His precious blood on the cross on Mount Calvary.
“We want the EC to have 100 percent,” said Mansturdy Nongrem in the House.
However, the team took the lead again before the end of the second half due to a mistake from a player inside the area and West Bengal had a good chance to score and took a 2-1 lead. col.
There have been 48,916 new cases of coronavirus in India, the highest number of cases in the country.
He said that the summons of the party leaders was due to the spread of videos of shooting but the party which conducted the investigation found that no one was admitted to the hospital.
Meghalaya scored 252 runs and beat Goa by eight runs.
Regarding this tournament, the transportation of the dongmusa to the stadium from Shillong is still in the middle of the process.
The main reason for their defeat is that what they promised before the elections does not match even one percent of what they have done.
“This is not the first time this guy has displayed his acts of violence.
Wise people don't talk like a lion in their own home or anywhere else.
On the other hand, the desire of the people of Patharkhamah area to get a Civil Sub Division after many years has come true this time when the Government has issued a notice to open this Civil Sub Division. -Division on Thursday this month.
Participants from Shillong will have to arrive at 5 pm on the 30th at the State Library before leaving the vehicle.
A dog can live for 25 years.
The poor are sad when they see that the children of others are wearing new juti and clothes, while their own are wearing old clothes.
Messi won the title by beating Manchester City's Erling Haaland.
A total of 84 projects have been implemented in all districts of which 47 have been completed.
“I have asked the Executive Engineer to submit the report because I want to bring it to the Council.
The Seng Khasi Nongthymmai-Madanrting Pyllun on its 120th Anniversary which was held on the 23rd November 2019 wishes you all a Happy New Year.
Nongpoh, July 20: About 33 youths who are the first group to be trained on how to prevent disasters such as floods, earthquakes and others through the Upscaling scheme Aapda Mitra has completed the 12 days training which was held at the State Institute of Rural Development, Nongsder.
Birds bring beauty and beauty to the tree through their cleanliness.
They said that if there is a compulsion to shondur Aadhar, then they too, will not hesitate to use force to stop such a move.
“Whatever we have to do, we will do, if we want to win or lose, we must be in the dorbar,” he said.
He suggested that it is better to spend the expenses in advance so that we can understand. “It's too early, son, when the agreement has been made,” said the mother. “It's you, Bah,” said Peter. “It's you, Bah,” Banisha agreed.
She urged the public, the union that runs Iooksi Park to follow the example of other villages like Sohra, Mawlynnong in the State to advertise their presence and attract tourists.
Reports in Spain say the couple have been living separately for the past few months after Shakira refused to live together.
The cause of the incident between the two men has not been determined at the time of writing of this news. Police have arrested Karly Lyngkhoi for further investigation. Police have also arrested Karly Lyngkhoi.
The silver medal winners were Ineshabahun Dkhar (48 kg Above 24-40 years), Isabella Thongni (40 kg 16-17 years), Breeze Ingti (54 kg 13 years), Pynkhrawbor Shylla (45 kg U-2 years), Alfonsa Zinia Wriang (35 kg 14-15 years), Edilbert tobilang Ryndongsngi (85 above 23-40 years), Bansahnam Kyrpang Warkhyllew (42 kg 14-15 years), Shailessstar Mylliem (54 kg under 23 year), Naphilawanbet Nongspung (48 kg 14-15 year), Rohan Ram Rajak (54 kg above 23-40 years), Evakordor R.Nongrum (45kg 14-15 years), Na I sha kshiar (38kg 13-14years), Marky Nongrum (48kg 14-15 years), Williamson Ïawrod (42kg 14-15 years) and Wadborlang Marweiñ (48 kg Above 24-40 years).
This 200 year old bridge was built and designed by the ancients.
“My advice is that we should be people of hope and confidence that these events will be only trials and will end.
Meanwhile, the Khasi Hills United Democratic Alliance (KHUDA) in the KHADC may not nominate a candidate for the CEM seat to be held on Tuesday.
The Waheh Shnongs who attended the launch ceremony were Mynta Synnah, Waheh Shnong of Psiar, Anthony Bareh, Waheh Shnong of Saphai, C. Tangliang, Waheh Shnong of Ïooksi, Ïapkhla and Nangaibormi Sutnga.
Blind players from the Bethany Society came to take part in this day.
The poverty rate in the state has also reached 32/1
Explaining on this occasion, Bah Tyngshain Krem, President of Khanduli-Umshyngiar Unit, said that the slasha farm which is located in the border areas including Mawrangtung, Mawkyntian and Tiarsiatmut has a height of Hectares, which the District Council has left without proper maintenance.
The IPS Chief is Bah Ïada Martin Marbaniang of the 2009 batch.
He said that the knowledge of traditional culture from one generation to another should be continued and this should be preserved and encouraged.
Throughout the day, the FKJGP leaders, had the opportunity to talk to the students and teachers of the school, so when the FKJGP leaders received a complaint from the students, They have decided to take action and also to demand from the authorities for the rights of the students inside the school.
The future of students is more important in all institutions".
“I don't eat until I'm full.
Jowai, Nailar 07: The HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai today honored the Under-14 football players of the school, who won the title of the State Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament I'm going to Shillong.
James K. Sangma said that the NPP has made progress in this election and that the party does not want to criticize other political parties.
political shots.
“Besides, he said that they pay special tribute especially to the courage and determination of the private sector, volunteers, civil society organizations who come forward without fear or shame to speak and discuss issues that affect them. The rights of the people in this state, whether through advocacy, to be achieved through peaceful and peaceful protests.
Meanwhile, Warner Bros. said it has signed an agreement with Swedish media company Embracer Group to produce the film in collaboration with New Line Cinema.
The State Government will also consult with other organizations on the Roster System to clarify the recruitment and implementation.
This demand of the Seng comes after the Government has closed down the examination center without giving any reasons.
You only need a heart full of grace.
West Garo Hills has 59 cases, West Jaintia Hills 31 cases and these include 13 cases in Pdengshakap.
If I hadn't gone out with Nia, I wouldn't have thought I would have stayed.
He said the government is determined to empower the old systems of governance in the state.
The residents of the area have never seen such damage from Rongdong to Siju.
When they arrived at the DC's office, after a while the DC called several Khanduli village leaders and JSM leaders to discuss the matter.
Also present on the occasion were Ohibait Dkhar, SS Niangti, Shaniahskem Dkhar, Banjop Raliang, Phrangki Papang, Chanbor War and Incharge of KSU Rueben Najiar.
He said that the BJP leaders have already admitted that the party will do wonderful things in this election and this shows that there is something behind the machines brought from the ruling states. BJP is in the state.
The Finance Minister of Mylliem Hima, Minister MB Kharlukhi, said that he would have to talk to Minister Langstieh if he intends to contest elections or enter politics. He said that the Hima Mylliem has not yet passed a law to say that the Minister of Mylliem Hima can contest the election and if he contests the election he will have to resign from the post of Minister. “Mylliem Hima should resign from the post of Minister to enter politics,” said Minister Kharlukhi, giving an example of Mylliem Hima which is different from other Hima like Mawphlang Hima. Minister Lamphrang Blah, Minister of Mawphlang Hima, has entered politics as an MDC and EM Elaka. Mylliem, we have a rule that the minister or the officials of the Hima Mylliem are not allowed to enter politics or join any political party,” said Minister Kharlukhi.
At the same time, it can be said that the presence of Hot Spring in Lawblei, Mawranglang Viewpoint in Mawranglang, Phohrangkshu in Nonglang, Synrang Ringai in Mawten, Mawtynhiang Creek in Nongnah, Deborlew South Riwar Viewpoint at Tynnai, the Kynrewmylla Adventure Training Center & Eco Tourism (KATC&ET) at Mawranglang and other tourist attractions in the Ranikor area which have been of great benefit to the people in need or those in need. South West Khasi Hills District and at the same time the presence of these has also provided employment opportunities for the youth.
“We need to expand our minds and keep pace with the rapid development of all sectors in this country not only in the roads, media but especially in the field of education.
Furthermore, on 16 December 2022, the Superintendent of Police, Assam Kahilipara – Guwahati-19, wrote a letter to the CID Branches to investigate and monitor the conversion of Christians and to report on their conversion. within these six years.
Shillong, July : Public Sector Banks today held a large-scale program as part of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav (AKAM).
The team of doctors includes Dr Debashish Borkotoky (OMFS) and anesthetists, Dr Sangeeta Kar and Dr Janardhan Bordoloi.
The FKJGP has admitted that it has found that some foreigners have received Aadhaar cards without proper documents to prove their residence, but only by paying T.1500 to the Aadhaar photographers they have been able to Enter your Aadhaar name.
No one was injured in the incident.
On the other hand, Bah Bishar Dhar, President of FKJGP in Ri Bhoi, said that the Dwarksuid Bridge was built by the NEC in 2009 but not by the NHAI. The bridge should have been built by the NHAI at the time of the construction of the Shillong Bypass.
The government announcement said that due to the urgency of the matter, the employees who are with the Chief Minister have been allowed to travel by plane with the permission issued by the office of the Chief Minister. The Chief Minister's Secretariat without having to send it to the Ministry of Finance (AF) for permission.
In 2021-22, there were nine states with the highest income growth, including Andhra Pradesh (11.43%), Rajasthan (11.04%), Bihar (10.98%) and Telangana. (10.88%), Odisha (10.19%) and Madhya Pradesh (10.12%).
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi tweeted, “Kem ia nga too”.
The team also questioned seven policemen working with AIG (A).
Dr. Mawlong said that many people come to him for treatment because they do not get health from hospitals and because of the lack of treatment if their diseases are treated because they come. from low-income families.
Mukul said the laws of the central government are against the customs and traditions in the state and they violate them.
The President of the party said that their protest took to the streets after the MDA Government has acted blindly, ignorantly and blindly in not taking into account the suffering of the people. earn vehicles that transport the people to the places they need to go.
On 22nd November, 2022, Meghalaya was shocked when seven people, including three Khasi Pnar elders from Mukroh and a Forest Guard employee of Assam, were killed in a shooting incident. Police and Forest of the Government of Assam in Mukroh.
The actions of that woman are like a guide and a bad example that foreigners who come here will be happy and brave to take advantage to commit evil deeds and get involved in violence, rape. to the women and children.
I would also like to congratulate the members of the regional committee who have been able to accomplish this task and all those who have worked together until we reached the end.
In the first leg against Umpling, they scored 6-0, in the first leg against Mawkriah West, they scored 16-0, in the first leg against Kick Start Academy, they beat Lawei SC won 7-0 and in the second half of the tournament.
Police in East Khasi Hills have arrested six persons and seized 564 grams of heroin worth T.3 crore. T.6.82 lakh and six mobile phones.
In the second half, the game became more and more intense for both sides, from the passing and releasing of the ball.
“The presence of CCTV cameras will help to identify those smugglers and this will make it easier to track down and arrest them,” said many market dwellers.
The General Secretary also read out the report of the Khasi Association.
Bin Kasdan Mohamad Aniq of Malaysia won the gold medal in the 249kg (107 + 142) category while Dilanka Isuru Kumara Yodage of Sri Lanka won the silver medal. with a weight of 225kg (105 + 120).
And so these people were quick to return to their villages.
Shillong, Lber 13: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid, on Tuesday said that due to the large number of foreigners who are able to trade in the markets under the jurisdiction of Raid Marwet in Mylliem Hima, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem expressed his regret that when he went to check the trading licenses in the area he found with his own eyes that there are only 19 Khasi households.
On 3rd November 2019, thanks to the hard work of the DC, the compensation was released to 85 people although the payment was only 50%. too.
However, the snow is about 40 meters high suddenly and the snow ends.
Regarding the means of delivery of food items, according to the DRMAP, the Dorbar Shnongs should be responsible for the delivery of food items to the poor households in collaboration with the government authorities.
For a while, his reign was peaceful and secure, from the least to the greatest, and people from all over the world heard of his fame, and came to unite and become one. rule within you.
The time is not far away when the Khasi living in this area will be deported.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Members of the KSU Malki Circle on Tuesday closed down the office of Swiggy Company at Nongmalki Road following the beating of six Khasi children who have worked there for a long time. the company without any valid reason.
I feel sorry for such people and I have a duty to serve God".
The fourth decision was that the committee will write to the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma not to implement the number while the government cannot explain to the public.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Osmander Lyngkhoi, who explained the reasons for the inability to grow strawberry, the main reason for the inability to grow strawberry in The State, due to the inability to produce seeds, has had to import seeds from far away from California, USA. Unfortunately, as demanded, strawberry farmers cannot produce, which is a loss not only to the strawberry farmers, but also to the government as well. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Osmander Lyngkhoi.
Thus, the GPFI applies even to non-G20 countries.
However, what they need to understand is that victory is only the beginning of their “knowledge and understanding” of their journey.
Kg), High Jump, Javelin Throw (600 gms) & 1000 M) while in the same category, Under – 16years Girls (11 Events) were 100M, 300M,800M,2000M, Long Jump, High Jump. , Shot Put (3.00Kg), Discus Throw (1.
“However, the investigation into the incident is ongoing," he said.
The meeting was conducted by Habhijan War, President Seinraij Mynso and welcomed by Ma Miki Situng. A special speech on the foundation of the Chad Tyllu Festival was delivered by Ma W Shylla, Adviser Seinraij Mynso.
“I would like to announce in the House that we want to bring the name and honor of Ri Bhoi to the first place in the future,” he said. "I'm sorry," said James.
“In Goa, only 11 months are closed,” said Ma Swer, “and this is because the state government has quickly implemented the Mineral Resources Act.
Because when God speaks of growth, God already knows how to live and provide for our needs.
Interestingly, by 2023, 118 cities are not yet part of NCAP that can have clean air at least PM1
Shillong, March 09 : U Minister of State for Education Rakkam A Sangma today said that the Central Government will soon release the salaries of SSA teachers in Meghalaya within the next two days.
People are not informed in advance when their pension is suspended or they lose their 100 days salary or other rights and assistance.
Shillong CA (A) will face SCA (B) in Group A of Zone 1 on Tuesday, which is currently leading the table with five points while SCA (A) has four points. point.
At the same time, freight and passenger trains will be able to operate more freight and passenger trains in these areas in an efficient manner.
She said the children of these women are between 2 and 5 years old.
In the Women's Fitness Championship, Whitney L Mawphlang of Genfit Gym won the second prize, Rophina Jasain of Fitness First and Sawakani Lakiang of Body Mass & Fitness Gym Panaliar Jowai won the second prize.
Nymphang Sumer (14, 45+2) and Dashngain Sukhalin (85) scored the three goals for Nangbah Mulang.
There shall be no restrictions on the movement of persons and goods within and between the States.
“We will discuss many issues related to us students such as the fees paid to CMJ University which should be returned among others,” said the students.
There are cases when the Traffic Police can stop a truck, but they should not stop it completely.
Eat pork from restaurants, 12 inches and you will get sick.
RMS: How do you feel when you get the opportunity to sing with Kumar Sanu and others? Batei: At first when I went to Mumbai, I didn't think I would sing with Kumar Sanu, I went north for my vocal training so that when I come back to Shillong I can teach others especially those bapli who don't have the opportunity I can teach them, even though I can't teach yet. according to the rank of others, I can teach them even the smallest things.
Who is to blame? The selector? Do you have a choice?
For many months, the Jaintia Hills Police have not been able to do this, but it has started now.
The CEM's decision came after there were rumors that he could be removed from office by the Congress party leaders for fighting against the state government.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the blood vendors from Laitlyngkot said that the market is now better and the buyers have come to experience the blood of Laitlyngkot, because they have known to the world that the blood from Laitlyngkot is good. which is very good.
Through this news, I would like to appeal to the people, especially those supporters of various political parties as well as the candidates who have contested the election to be vigilant, not to fight too hard, to reach to tragic events, to avoid criticism of others and party insults, as well as to respect others.
Through false news, conflicts and bloodshed are caused.
Captain Kevin Christopher was the best batsman of the day with 41 runs but due to the loss of wickets, the team did not get the support they needed to win the match.
At the end of the match, Renan Paulino De Souza of Shillong Lajong FC received the Man Of The Match award.
Six days later, on 23rd July, 2022, Banteidor was ready to meet with the Minister of State for Chemicals and Fertilizers, Bhagwant Khuba in Delhi. Months have passed and now the fertilizer has arrived and the farmers will be able to buy at a lower price with subsidy from the distributors. license.
It is also surprising to discuss in what form, the salary of teachers is paid once every three months, once every six months and what kind of strategy is in the mindset of the Government, or which means that the husband, who teaches, shall receive a salary once every three months, while the wife, who works in the office, shall receive a salary every month.
The tournament was sponsored by the District Sports Officer of East Khasi Hills and was inaugurated by Sumit Roy, Head of Axis Bank and Branch Manager of Axis Bank Shillong. Chief Organizer of Mawkynrew Cup Committee and others were also present.
Pynim is the soul.
“It was after I came second in the Miss Mawlai 2022 pageant that I got more encouraged and entered the Miss Shillong pageant.
The Principal Secretary informed the parents that the Kendriya Vidyalayas have their own rules and regulations and fall under the jurisdiction of the Central Government.
The house was occupied by Kong Rikmenlang Lamin and she was on her way to the river at Barato village when the fire broke out.
Shillong: In the past two and a half years, various Christian churches have faced many obstacles in the ministry and also in the management of various schools.
Shillong, November 5: The Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act, which was introduced and amended in 2017, has been repealed. The Seng Kur Ka Meisin and the children of Khmah.
The union also urged the DC of East Khasi Hills, as a chief officer who understands the plight of the people, especially the rural areas, to lift the curfew immediately, so that the farmers and The villagers will be able to complete their own work in Shillong.
Relatives of the arrested and members of the SUP, speaking to reporters, on Tuesday: Rupang.
The Oregon Grizzlys beat Alpha 5 by 39 to 12 points.
After I filed this RTI on 9th November 2020 I received another letter that my RTI has been forwarded to the Director of Higher and Technical Education Meghalaya Shillong.
“There are teachers from 10 am to 5 pm every day,” he said.
“The meeting held on the 23rd of this month could not take a decision as the villages of Khanduli are still waiting for a letter from the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) to demolish the gate. The entry tax gate is located at Khanduli,” said Bah Sungoh.
Other speakers at the meeting included Founder, Markus Metri, HDR Lyngdoh and others. All these speakers hoped that the Congress candidate will win. won the upcoming MDC election in June.
Therefore, there is evidence according to modern science to confirm the legend of Sohpetbneng in which it is believed that the Hynniewtrep people came down from heaven from the tangnub tangjri through the golden bridge of Lum Sohpetbneng.
The residents also alleged that the Cantonment Board did not inform them before they went to destroy their houses, which they alleged, which is a violation of their rights. your longevity.
The deployment of Home Guard Police is only in the residences of high-ranking officials such as the residence of the Prime Minister, Government Ministers and senior officers.
The rice was distributed to all the eligible households at the government price of T.3 per kg.
However, due to fear, she had to remain silent without informing and without expressing any difference as usual.
The total number of confirmed cases so far is
In a decision issued today by the Governor of Meghalaya, which shows that the Governor has taken a strong decision against the University and which he has not hidden the decision to himself, but has published in the media, U Mooshahary also alleged that the university has stolen T.210 lakh, which is the money to be paid by the university to the state government, known as the endowment. Fund, where she withdrew it again, just a few days after she went to pay.
This order will not affect the employees of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and others who work for the benefit of the public from various departments as well as the media.
The KSU said that there has never been any law against the illegal entry of foreigners, but the increasing number of foreigners who have entered the country through the trade. cleanliness and headaches through work are increasing.
He said that at the launch of the program in 2021, the department has selected about 23 manufacturers and allocated T.5 lakh to these 23 manufacturers.
They said that some of those who received information came to look for the shop but those who didn't know if they saw them walking on the road they called them even though they were far away.
The results of the MLA election 2023 have shown that the people of Khasi-Jaintia love the ethnic parties. constitution.
Another elder of the Presbyterian Church, Mawphalng, while talking to this writer, said, “When I know why to refuse,” he said. came out to help, this time, while in previous years, he did nothing.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Ramakrishna Mission has been demanded up to T.30 lakh by the rebel groups in Garo Hills.
HD also took 4 wickets in 5.4 overs and Demikhon Ma took 3 wickets in 7 overs.
At the beginning of any work they pray, before eating and drinking and often by Christian prayer.
This part of the Government is ready to immediately take an order to force especially the kup shiliang sem shiliang, in fact the Government should appeal to the people not to force besides that they have there are many grounds in the law that protect the fundamental rights of the people, the individual to exercise his or her free will to make whatever decision he or she feels is best for him or herself, whether or not to take TIKA.If the Government fails to recognize this fundamental right, the question that arises is – “Why does the Government want to enforce the issuance of TIKA through its orders? "What are those reasons or demands that do not allow the investigation of this issue of life and death until the fundamental rights of the individual and the people granted by the Constitution are violated?" Is it the same Constitution that empowers the Government to rule? Is it the Government's right to choose which provisions of the Constitution but to uphold and implement them according to the Constitution? (Constitution) and for what reason and for what reasons will it be rejected? Let us not forget that we have elected the Government, the Government of the people and the people for peace and stability in our country and the world.
The Eastern Air Command was started in the war and grew through the wars.
We would also like to ask where Gopal Dey was at the time of the murder of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta.
“We want to ask what kind of jobs they will do.
Shillong: There have been 19 new cases of coronavirus in the state so far this morning, including 13 BSF personnel in East Khasi Hills and 3 cases in West Garo Hills. Hills and 3 cases in South West Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the KHADC has issued an executive order (EO) to implement the Land Development and Building Regulation the land is not under the jurisdiction of the Council.
And God said, Put your hand into his bosom again: and Moses put it into his bosom again: and when he took it out, behold, it was restored whole as the other.
Firstborn Pohlong scored for Bataw FC in the 16th minute and Hiwot Patwet in the 67th minute, while Winson Bamon scored for Lummyrli SC in the 9th minute. and Firstborn Pohlong in the 83rd minute.
On this day, the believers who were sitting in the square had to wear shatri because of the extreme heat of the sun.
“I completed my three-year term.
The union stands on the ground and said that it will give two months to repair these two roads, and if the government continues to do so, the union will take other strong measures to punish the government. state.
It is also expected that the number of people who arrived in London on Monday will reach 10 million.
Jaitley is 66 years old.
Sohra: The State Government today honored Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly at Sohra Stadium-Mawpun.
“However, according to an unconfirmed report, it is suspected that the policeman was killed,” Raju told the court.
Shillong, July 15 : These students who pass the preliminary examination of the UPSC will be able to sit for the main examination to become officers in the ranks of IAS, IPS and IFS. Welfare has decided to work with various churches as part of the fight against the drug war in the state.
The union has expressed this demand through a petition submitted to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
If you don't know how to wear prek in your ears and all your faces, they still call you juk maw.
The group will send detailed information to the MSPB. During the meeting, the MSPB led by Chairman SC Marak, members of the Board and Canada Arjun Kumar Dutta, Trade Commissioner, Kolkata, and Mortoza Tarafder, Director, Trade Development South Asia, MENA, of the Saskatchewan Trade & Export Partnership.
Independence from the French is like Kiang Nangbah saying that his face turns to the east but he doesn't know that turning to the east is not in the ryngdang but in the head.
Nongpoh, July 31: The Night Football Knock-Out Tournament organized by the Tbeh Jingshai Umroi Football Association (UMROI) has started this morning at Umroi Stadium. play football in the evening.
Nongstoiñ, Nohprah, 7: The West Khasi Hills District in the past years, has been a district rich in wildlife, birds and insects. years the forests have dwindled.
“In addition to the villages, there are also Himas which will look after the election of Rangbah Shnongs. that we have now.
If the government is responsible for the future of the youth of the state, we expect it to ensure that any job whether private or public will be done by the youth of the state.
However, according to information, there are still shops selling it despite the ban in other states.
They also questioned the decision of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) to postpone the hearing scheduled for 18th October.
They get the opportunity to live as they please and do as they please.
The Leader of the Opposition in the Meghalaya Government, Dr. Mukul Sangma, today said that the MLAs from Assam have unanimously urged the Meghalaya Government not to provide protection to the Assamese working in Meghalaya. I don't want to go home.
“Dr Don is a leader to negotiate, organize and achieve the aspirations of the people.
Speaking to reporters, BJP spokesperson Bah MH Kharkrang said that the money seized from the Congress leader is public money and should be returned. to the people.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The 15 years of the Congress-led UPA government in the country is equal to the two years of the BJP-led NDA government. This was stated by Babul Suting President East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday at a meeting of the party held at Krang and Madan Bitaw in Sohiong Constituency.
Regarding the release of them, one of them said that the police and officials from the Forest Department have explained to all 10 people about the illegal killing of wildlife, fish and birds. according to the rules of the government.
He has also received the 2020/2021 Upcoming Player of the Season award as part of the BFC Club Awards.
Both these clubs have won the title three times each, so RUFC can win the title again this season. if other groups do not support it.
The NPP will announce its candidate tomorrow.
On the other hand, Bah Allan said that in this age of unemployment, the youth should no longer think about government jobs but should become entrepreneurs and become employers.
This disease has really frightened even those who have not experienced it.
In this regard, India has many opportunities to further develop and improve its international tourism industry.
Speaking at a ceremony at the North East Police Academy (NEPA) on Saturday, Chaudhary said, “The border management has improved to curb the entry of foreigners”. .
According to the BJP chief, the reason why Bangladeshis are allowed to stay in India is because of the help of political parties and politicians to make votes during the elections.
“We have two MLAs. It is a cooperation as a group and taking the overall vote share, we have witnessed that this has increased a lot and we will try to win more than two MLAs,” he said. seats.
India's leading women's badminton players, Malvika Bansod and Ashmita Chaliha, have now qualified for the top round of the Malaysia Masters Super 500 tournament in the singles category. They were able to win the qualifying round of the tournament.
He said that FKJGP SWKHD urges the people to use the government schemes to get more information about them, so that it will be for the development of the area as a whole.
Therefore, on this promise by the CEM of KHADC, the union cannot help but express its satisfaction with the promise made by the CEM of KHADC and at the same time the union urges the KHADC to take action. , so that the destruction and damage to the environment will stop soon, he added.
The election for the Speaker seat will be held on 9th October.
Regarding these rules, the village has informed that if anyone is found violating these rules, they will not be punished and handed over to the law enforcement authorities.
Up to 151 Election Commissioners in East Jaintia Hills District have gone to their respective polling stations as part of the ensuring the smooth conduct of the elections to the Legislative Assembly. long today from 7:00 pm to 4:00 pm.
The public training was held at Lad-Mukhla, Thadlaskein Block, West Jaintia Hills District.
That will be the most valuable contribution from Church leaders.
“We have taken this decision together with the Prime Minister.
On the 15th of June at 5 pm, 19 cows of Chemphang Lamare of Chiehruphi village were killed in the storm. Hi Eruphi.
