Mawpdang Village has proposed to sell thousands of acres of land belonging to the Ri Raid under the Raid Nongkrem to the government authorities and hundreds of acres to private individuals.
Conrad K Sangma said he does not want to say that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government will be able to resolve the border issue with Assam but will do its utmost to find ways to resolve the border issue. There is no way to try because this issue is very difficult and it is a long standing issue.
The NRC was first conducted in 1951 after the census of that year.
Recently, Income Tax officials raided the house and office of Philip Pala, brother of Shillong MP Vincent H Pala and the house of Lesley Shylla.
The final will be played on the 3rd of November at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The Prime Minister's delegation includes Dr Roytre C Laloo, Rowel Lyngdoh, HDR Lyngdoh, Prestone Tynsong, Deborah C Marak, AL Hek and Clement Marak. , Mrs. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Mr. Sniawbhalang Dhar, Roshan Warjri.
Shillong, Nailur 10 : The Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) has decided to accept the invitation of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU to discuss the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP). ) 2020.
“This animal is unique and falls under Schedule I of the Wild Life (Protection) Act,
Speaking to media, Bah Brol said that the reason for his contest again is to complete the remaining tasks that remain to be completed, and his goal with the party is to There is still a need to bring a College and a CHC in Mawthadraishan Block which is a new Block and also to continue the coaching center for the purpose of providing education to the youth in Kynshi.
Those who attended the 3k & 5k Road Run held at SAI, NEHU included Bah Finely Pariat, Sec., Meghalaya Athletics, Bah D.Ryntathiang, Secretary, MAA; bad Pleasantly Chinese Athletics coach.
The Chins of Myanmar and the Kuki-Chins of Bangladesh have close ties with the Mizos of Mizoram.
“However, they have not received any reply from the government,” she said, adding that the government has rejected the request of the District Selection Committee (DSC) to extend the appointment period.
On the other hand, the officer also expressed her special thanks to the IAMA for recognizing its hard work during the fight against Covid-19 which is also an encouragement to continue to work hard and serve in the IAMA. it is not for the people.
The Minister of State for Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal on the 3rd of this month inspected the Myntdu Leshka Hydro Project and reviewed the operation methods and maintenance.
CEC Chandra stressed the need to continue to improve services for voters throughout the election process, from registration to polling.
Nongpoh, June 15: Dozens of households in Ri Bhoi District have been destroyed by the storm and cold weather. They don't want to stay because the storm has destroyed their homes.
You and I have to bury, the paid knup, the paid trap, what has been looted by these 'Ieit Ri Ieit Jaitbynriew' organizations, which you and I have raised.
Explaining about the incident, Bah Blik Sohtun of Sabuda, who is also the President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Sabuda, said that these people have been forcibly established in these villages. Government of Assam, have come to erect without regard to the opposition of the village and the political parties.
At present, the UDP does not have the opportunity to form a new government even if it has 12 MLAs. Prestone said during the election campaign in Sohiong that soon, the UDP MLAs who now have to stay in the house will be led away. The purpose of the march may be that the two UDP MLAs in the Cabinet should be removed or the NPP will end the cooperation completely. and the UDP and its 12 MLAs will have to join the Opposition.
Carlos, who is still the winner of the US Open, has already won 11 Grand Slams and is now advancing to the tournament for the second time. of the current year.
“The population of many ethnic groups in our country is based on religion, customs and language, but the VPP wants this population in India to remain the same. I've done it," said Bah Batskhem.
The road in this section is not gradient but flat.
Police have arrested the driver of the incident, Ershad Miah of Uttar Para ICDS Centre, Para Khupilong, South Tripura.
The National Highway 6 or Shillong-Jowai-Silchar road has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers and heavy traffic jam for many hours a day.
From now on, these villages will be exempt from the jurisdiction of the Nartiang Police Station.
They were accompanied by friends and sent a copy to the DC and SP of East Khasi Hills and also to the office of the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) for a fair trial.
In this regard, u Pyrtuh urged the consumers to be vigilant when buying such meat by asking the leaders of the meat selling association as this affects the health of the people. There is also a market in Jowai.
“It is a shame for the government to set up a health center without being able to provide services to the people,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Before the start of the walk, Daka Bareh, Field Coordinator of SURE, welcomed the participants and explained about the importance of eating healthy foods that can be obtained from the farm and the community. .
Jamris Talang scored 49 goals and Iowsar Suchiang 76 goals.
Look at the Congress which used to say that we are not united and that we end up only in Khanapara, now where is it and its MLAs have all arrived,” he added.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that on the 15th October, as the Minister of this department, a meeting will be held to discuss the relocation of the Harijans from Themïewmawlong.
“I appeal to the supporters of all political parties that we have lived together for hundreds of years and as a state we are fortunate to have the employment quota which has given them the opportunity as villagers,” he said. 20% Khasi, 20% Pnar, 20% Bhoi, 20% War, 20% Garo.
The soul is free when our thoughts are clean.
They strongly condemned the NPP especially Agatha K Sangma for supporting the CAB in her speech in Parliament and accused her of being the BJP's ksiang to introduce the CAB. A vehicle of the Nehru Yuva Kendra (NYK) of the Government of India, which was parked on the ground floor of the Youth Hostel Association of India (YHAI), has caught fire and it is highly suspected that someone has set it on fire.
However, when investigating, the police found that the company was a fraudster who only wanted to get money from the people.
The CMD of MeECL, Arunkumar Kembhavi, today handed over the investigation into the power theft in Byrnihat to the State Vigilance Department. , by several arsonists at the factory.
This decision of the KHADC and the Syiem of Mylliem is part of the clean-up of the market to bring it back to the way it used to be.
The strong winds have covered the bridge at Riangdim.
The report also said that he was fined for the match for maintaining the Slow Over-Rate while the match was in progress against the opponent.
Nongpoh: The opening ceremony of the Ri Bhoi League Championship of the Ri Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA) on Saturday at Kdohhati Stadium near Mawhati. They have won the full three points, after winning the title.
“When asked, Bah Kharkongor said, “We have to look at the rules and we have to look at the facts of the complaint.
Dr. Tamanna Bhuyan, Assistant Professor, Department of Applied Biology, University of Science and Technology Meghalaya (USTM), has received the National Level Women Scientist Award 2023 awarded by the Society of Microbiologists. India (MBSI).
The reason for the union to take this step is because the union has witnessed in the past years that the students of the state, just because of the low percentage, many of them have to leave to go abroad to study, due to rejection in state institutions.
Also present on the occasion were the President of Mawkhar Youth Association, Bah Daniel R. Syngai, the first President of Mawkhar Youth Association, Dr. BPS Toi, Rangbah Shnong Bah Arwan Tariang and others.
When inquired from the people who collect money from the trucks, it was learned that this is the revenue collection gate of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which has started collecting from today.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday said that the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs (MoHUA) has recognized Shillong as one of the cities in the country. Shillong Smart City Ltd (SSCL) has been selected as the 100th Smart City, the last Smart City selected in July. 2018.
The Chief Minister said that the building which is 27 meters below the height, does not require permission from MUDA earlier it was 40 metres.
This is because the party is preparing for the election to be held in Sohiong constituency on 10th June, 2023 to win the party candidate.
The Special Judge (POCSO) while hearing the case found that these two persons were involved in this crime and on 27th March, issued an order to arrest them. up to 14 years and a fine of 50,000 tyngka.
Shillong, Lber 11: The North East Sunshine Trust (KSU) has apologized to the Khasi Students Union (KSU) for its letter to the Minister of State for Atomic Energy. pat) expressing the desire to mine uranium in the State.
On the other hand, the union leaders have also met with Dr. N Sangma Medical Superintendent of Civil Hospital Nongpoh and Dr. P Kharnarry DMHO of Ri-Bhoi District to investigate the incident. On the 30th of this month, the patient was subjected to unacceptable insults even in the midst of severe difficulties in getting treatment from the hospital.
Police have continued to monitor and monitor the return of the suspects.
Tuberculosis, commonly known as TB, is a disease caused by a bacterium known as Mycobacterium Tuberculosis.
Adelbert said that the allegation that Ardent has used violence is groundless and unfounded and KHNAM cannot accept it.
Shillong: The MLA of Khliehriat Constituency 6, who is also the Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, on Tuesday urged the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) not to succeed in its activities. to solve any national problem.
The rally will be held on the 5th of November.
It may be recalled that the construction of this 40 kilometer road has started in 2020-21 at a cost of T.64 crore.
Not only the residents of the village have expressed their sorrow over this incident in the Lukha River, but almost all those who love fishing have also expressed their sorrow over this incident.
The figures on income and expenditure cannot be known until the end of the fiscal year 31st October
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Kong Rosetta Mary Kurbah congratulated all those who completed this training which is very important especially for the rural areas.
“Every time, when you look at the moon, you remember that your loved one is there”.
According to the figures collected by the State Government, more than 70% of the households in Shillong have at least one vehicle and due to the nature of the area and the large number of vehicles, the traffic jam is you can't really escape.
Ri-Bhoi SP CVS Reddy said police recovered 1 bottle of Phensedyl and Spasmoproxy tablet from the vehicle from the road at midnight on the 17th of this month.
In the women's category, Kharrang GC beat Umsning SC 2-0
They were registered in Assam under the name of United Khasi Hills.
The 13 organizations said that there has been a lot of writing on the issue of entry and exit points, but these organizations are surprised that the work on the ground has not gone well. Therefore, the discussion, on the 19th of this month, will be clear that the government will show that the works that have been done and are being carried out.
Shillong, July 14: Mawshynrut MLA Witting Mawsor today visited the residence of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma at 6:15 pm. In the ground floor of the Prime Minister's house, the guards who were at the gate did not allow Bah Witting to enter.
Despite the allegation that the Government has not done anything to appeal to the Court, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the State Government has applied at least three times to the Court. The roster system will not be implemented from the beginning of the reservation policy, but the Government will have to follow the order of the Court from the beginning on the reservation policy.
Five more people have died, bringing the total to 39, Bangladesh Health Minister Zahid Maleque said.
Many of the market vendors have set up shops in the square as in the past because the shops built by the KHADC are not enough.
Jowai, June 17: The Union of Waheh Chnongs of Labang Nangphyllut Elaka was founded on 15th June 2023 by Chandame Sungoh Chairman of the Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF). The Acting Dolloi of the Elaka, Prolin Samiang, at a meeting held at Mooriap, Labang Block-1
The number of cases has risen to 10,363 and the death toll to
The union has informed the coal traders that an RTI has been filed on 28-11-2018 for more information in this regard.
“Because sometimes only those related to the FD who have only 1 inch of land receive assistance for fishing,” he said.
In the beginning was the WORD and the WORD was with GOD and the WORD was GOD.HE WAS WITH GOD IN THE BEGINNING" John 1:1-2.
She said that people have fled from one house to another.
The Legislative Assembly, which was scheduled to sit from 15th to 22nd November, has ended.
And from the time He was taken up into heaven until the outpouring of the Holy Spirit were 10 days (v.5).40+10=5
The library has attracted many young people who came to visit it after the service and left with great joy.
In a statement issued by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, it was also informed that buses will run from these places to transport government employees for these two days.
In fact, even the Chief Minister (CM) when he doesn't win and can't be CM, I don't believe he will stay in this state.
Smoke from a fire contains tiny particles that can enter the lungs and cause disease.
Mark Rymbai scored the second goal in the 7th minute and Arman Dkhar scored the third goal in the 21st minute.
Speaking to reporters, CPJoshi today denied that there are MLAs against the leadership of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and said that this issue, the world warming is only because overrepresented in the media.
The President of KSU East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Streamly N Suchen said that it is necessary to help our fellow citizens especially the children who have been abandoned.
Which means “The Foundation of Hinduism.
On the same day, Bah Mayral Born Syiem also inaugurated the Women's House of the Presbyterian Church Diwon, which was built at a cost of about 20 lakh through many donors. Participate in the New Year celebration of Lamlynti VO in Diwon.
The Seng is shocked how this Association can be within the boundary of Nongmensong without the knowledge of the village.
However, as the days go by, the sad thing is that most of the farmers face problems in many cases in relation to their crops. They are facing the low price of mur, this is one of the biggest problems facing the farmers, which discourages them from time to time.
In another match, Nongsohphoh beat Lamlynti 1-0
Out of the 61 youths aged between 18 and 40 years, 23 are women and 38 are men and were trained by two qualified teachers including Yooluti Pakma and Ferdina Muksor.
The Opposition Leader and TMC candidate from Songsak and Tikrikilla, Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday criticized the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP). The National People's Party (NPP) has arrested Rs 140 crore for the purchase of 807 acres of land in Mawpdang Mawkhanu.
The Minister is on a two-day visit to Meghalaya which started today.
According to SP Sharma, about three employees at the scene escaped without any injuries and were taken to the police station.
Father Pascal Lyngdoh Marshilong, while talking to Rupang, said that about 4,000 people took part in the procession and came from different villages to gather at the parish church in Marbisu. , today, in which he said that even those who didn't come to the temple, came today.
“On the 28th, Delhi Police arrested Malik along with World Championships bronze medalist Vinesh and Olympic medalist Bajrang.
Padukone said that Ranveer had married her and at the same time, he had a boyfriend elsewhere.
The four candidates are Batskhem Ryntathiang of the Congress who is also MDC from Mairang Constituency, Metbah Lyngdoh MLA of Mairang Constituency from the UDP and Mark Rinaldy Sawkmie of the BJP. and Bah Shanlang Warjri from the VPP. All four candidates on this day expressed their views and promises.
“I urge the state government to empower the BOPs to protect our people and also the land because the Assam government has empowered its security forces in the border areas,” he said. Speaking at the memorial service of former KSU President, Bah Bull N Lyngdoh today.
Out of the 11 cases from East Khasi Hills, two cases have been confirmed from Laitumkhrah, one from Nongrim, one from outside and seven cases from Umpling.
However, Punjab U-19 won the match with Yuvraj Singh leading the team to victory.
The term of office of this council shall not be less than 1 year or 3 years.
The union demanded that the DC should immediately withdraw the complaint against the KSU so that the people can once again regain their trust and happiness.
After the expiration of the RBYF's campaign to demand the appointment of two MUDA employees who were recently dismissed, the RBYF under the leadership of Bah BB Makdoh, President, has closed down the RBYF. MUDA office of Byrnihat Unit, to protest against the dismissal of these employees.
On this occasion, the Mawdem Presbytery through Tbn.P.Rani, extended a special congratulations to the farmers and also to the farmers who came to take part. By conducting such training programmes, it will benefit those farmers who are farmers and also those who are farmers to learn about the new era, which will increase their income through agriculture. .
Rangbah Jala appealed and expected all the people of the country to join in the celebration and to bring the dancers male and female in full dress to fulfill their duties to proclaim honor.
“Until he shall enter into the glorious land (Israel) and shall overthrow many nations” Daniel 11:4
VGK Kynta, who represented the District Council, said that the decision of the High Court in 1975, in the case of the District Council, Shillong & Anr. .
Kong E.Niang, Laskein CHC, explained about the physical effects of alcohol abuse and how to avoid this dangerous behavior. and to others.
Nongpoh, Lber 30 : With the aim of providing treatment to the seriously ill in the state and other states in the North East, the management of the ARHI Multi Super Specialty Hospital today inaugurated The health center is located in Mawsmai village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
“In the report submitted by the Committee, it has observed that the signing of the soskular to take over the land by the State Government and the Municipal Board from the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and this preparation has started. also the social," he said.
Speaking on the Iewduh, the Chief Minister said that it is the oldest market in the center of Shillong and it is also a market that the people used to talk about.
In another match, Sanmer SC beat Gorkha SC 0-1 with V. Sharma scoring the first goal for Gorkha in the 65th minute.
The new Act, which was announced on 23rd July, 2015 by the Commissioner and Secretary, Excise, Bah J.Lyngdoh, has ordered that all liquor outlets within 200 meters of the place of sale. churches, schools and health centers should be closed.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamletson Dohling said that in the four years he has been an MLA, he has introduced a scheme worth 19 crore 74 lakh tyngka in the field of sports alone.
It is undeniable that the MDA government has been accused from urban to rural areas in connection with the illegal coal mining.
“When I looked at you, I saw a change, it wasn't like before,” said the father.
From 2021-22 to date, NE LSA has tested 2400 BTS from June 2021 to October 2022 and found that all the BTSs comply with the DoT regulations on EMF Radiation.
The Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP) has expressed its deep sorrow over the shooting death of Khasi elders in Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills today.
These teams are (i) Warning Team, (ii) Search and Rescue Team, (iii) First Aid Team, ( iv) Shelter Management Team, (v) Water & Sanitation Team, (vi) Carcass Disposal Team ), (vii) Trauma Counseling Team, (viii) Damage Assessment Team, (ix) Relief Management and Distribution Team Relief, Resources Mobilization and Co-ordination Team, (x) Patrolling Team.
In Meghalaya, about 1 percent of the Sixth Schedule areas are called European Wards.
Through Marbarin Nongrum, Mawlai had many chances to score and score for the players, and one of them opened the door for Iawren to slam the ball into the net after 15 minutes. minutes into the match.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 01: The residents and village leaders of Umroi Nongrah Village today slammed the Rangbah Shnong of Umroi Nongrah on the allegation that he intends to sell the Pung Shnong. without the knowledge of the public and the Dorbar Shnong.
Government forces include the Allied Democratic Forces (ISIS), a group based in the neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo.
The coin is located near the football field of the Catholic Church of Umkadhor Parish, Ribhoi District and the nearby village on Patharkhmah Road.
The meeting was conducted by Mr. Comingson Dkhar, Chairman of the Area Committee.
Rangdajied will have to play well in the second round to be held in Mawkyrwat.
Charles Marngar, on being informed, immediately rushed to the scene, while SP, Ribhoi, although informed, at 11.30 pm, arrived at 4 pm. .
At the same time, he said that relations between the two Koreas, North Korea and South Korea, have deteriorated since North Korea violated the understandings of neighboring countries. and it began to show its strength by launching attacks from time to time without thinking of the influence of other countries.
However, he said that BJP members have changed the name 'Naatu Naatu' to 'Modi Modi' and the BJP has worked hard to win many seats in Karnataka. If the BJP comes to power, it will implement major projects including Shivamogga Airport, Bengaluru-Mysuru Expressway, Metro Lines and others.
The following is an excerpt from the petition and translated into Khasi: “Hey, Sir MS Akbar Hydari, KCSI, ICS, Governor of Assam, Honorable Governor, We are the women of Khasi and Jaintia Hills. Hills we have a great and special role in these hills because of the customs and traditions based on ethnicity and inheritance...Khasi and Jaintia women are skilled in jobs and trade. inheritance compared to other women living in the countryside.
Bah Kongwang said that foreign robbers from Bangladesh used to come from time to time to rob people's houses in the village and in the past few months, they have robbed from one of the villages. the family from that village.
“The Khasi Author Society (KAS) would like to write to the State Government to give permission for the teaching of Khasi up to Class-X and perhaps up to Class-XII,” said the President of Khasi Author. Dr. DRL Nonglait in an interview with this reporter recently.
The Ministry of Education has announced the National Education Policy 2020 (NEP 2020) on 29.07.2020 which has been posted on the website of the Ministry of Education of the Union Government. look:-i.
China calls Arunachal Pradesh Zangnan or South Tibet.
Billy Domes Editor Dongmusa, alleged that various marketing companies earn the most money from Meghalaya, but he was surprised that they do not come forward to advertise in the newspapers from Meghalaya.
The seven-day championship in Shillong has opened the door for the people of Meghalaya to witness with their own eyes the most exciting sports event since the South Asian Games in .
“In fact, this month we had arranged with the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma to visit Khanduli, West Jaintia Hills but due to the division of constituencies in the state, we had to postpone it. “This will be postponed to another date,” said Conrad.
He said that first of all we must eliminate the stigma and discrimination against those who have this disease and we must not avoid them but we must encourage and support them so that they will not be alone while they are alone. are in the midst of a fight against this disease.
In the second half, Nangkiew Irat lost one of their players, Damanbha Chyne, who fell while chasing the ball and had to leave. of the field.
In Lakhimpur, there are 2 cases, while in Dhemaji and Cachar, there are 1 case each.
Not only that, it was also reported that the ATM machine of SBI, which is located at Dawki, has been found to be broken at night and this has caused a lot of trouble to the customers who need to withdraw money from the bank. There is only one ATM machine in Dawki, while other banks in the area do not have ATM machines.
“Now the Government will consider the explanation.
It is regrettable that the meat vendors from all over the city like Iewduh, Mawlai, Motphran and Laitumkhrah have not complied with the government's order, he said.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Conrad said the government will do this as soon as possible, as it has already approved to allocate Rs 1.50 crore for BOPs and Rs 2 crore for BOPs. for the Police Station.
He said he is ready to accept what Pretone has accused him of doing if Prestone is ready to discuss with him.
Informing that the party has set up a committee (including him), he said the committee will give its opinion to the Government on this issue.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The KSU Myntriang Unit on Tuesday alleged that the Rangbah Shnong of Meghalaya has mismanaged the works under the NGRES scheme. council.
The NPP has given ticket to Habahun Dkhar from Saphai constituency against Chanku Lyngdoh, sitting MDC of the UDP. He worked as a Sectional Assistant (SA) of the PWD Department and came from Sumer.
“The Association has decided to continue its Social Media Protest and urges all AYUSH doctors and the public to protest against the Government's negligence in the AYUSH treatment in the state,” said the statement.
Thus Niccolo Machiavelli wrote: “but it is important to know how to hide one's character and to be great actors and deceivers; for men are in need of this present time, that those who desire to deceive may find someone who allows himself to be deceived by deceit.
The rejected candidates include three from the NPP and one from the UDP. They include Bah Ailad Bhoi from Jowai constituency who filed his nomination papers from the NPP. Hambertus Nongtdu, who has filed his nomination papers as the NPP candidate from Sutnga, Saipung.
This destruction occurred after 70 AD. Earlier, God had raised up a righteous branch from the line of David in Israel.
He said that the reason why he took action to spray the parts of the road is as part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-19, because the area is close to Assam is also the state with the highest number of cases of COVID-1
To raise awareness about the dangers of HIV/AIDS, the Link Worker Scheme, SURE in collaboration with the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MASC) together with the Thomas Jones Synod College organized a traditional song and phawer competition at the Thomas Jones Synod Hall. College, Jowai on 9th October.
“This is your father who has spoken to you,” said the son. “Shall we eat or not?” asked the mother who entered the room. "Let's eat, mother. I've been hungry since yesterday," said the son.
He said that one of the parts of the policy is to increase the scholarship for students while the tuition fees for private schools have not been included in the policy. policy, but the debate on this is ongoing.
He said a complaint had been lodged with the DC but instead of conducting an investigation, the DC had sent magistrates and 200 people to demolish the houses.
This is the last word he wrote at 1 pm which I screen shot to remember 'Eit mat Myrsiang'
“In Khliehriat, coal mining has enriched only a few, especially since the NGT has banned mining since 2014,” he said, adding that the rich have become richer and the poor have become richer. they have become poor, which means that the wealth is limited in this area.
However, in this incident, many valuables were lost especially money worth about 10,000 tyngka and up to 9 thousand gold coins were burnt.
That is why when they crucified Jesus, they put him on the roadside so that everyone could see him.
Police said that after receiving accurate information about the presence of Bangladeshis who were planning to board the Humsafar Express, they went to conduct searches together. The Government Railway Police and Border Security Force.
Shillong: The search committee appointed by the Government has prepared the names of the members of the expert committee to consider the new Reservation Policy of the State.
The Governments of Meghalaya and Assam signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) in New Delhi on 29th October this year to end the border dispute between 6 out of 12 border disputes. This was attended by the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah.
For example, if many mothers are anemic, how can they work, farm and look after their children?
“But we will walk together with strong physical strength and strong mental strength.
Because the Bible in my life is not why I became a Christian, it is not why I accepted membership and it is not why I went to study theology to become a pastor.
On the other hand, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi strongly condemns the establishment of the All Ri Bhoi Garo Headman Association, which the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi does not recognize. At the same time, they demanded the immediate dissolution of the group.
According to the findings of the union, it is clear that those people who are not Garo, have been appointed in the jobs reserved only for Garo.
In a letter, they said that India as a whole is now experiencing the second and worst outbreak of the coronavirus, with the number of cases increasing day by day and also the increase. The number of deaths from Coronavirus has risen sharply in India.
They were arrested from Goalpara and Bongaigaon districts of Assam.
Other leaders and members of the Building & Construction Committee were also present on Friday.
They said that on the 8th of November, the union had met with the BSF troops to discuss the matter but when they returned, they saw Bangladeshis trying to smuggle into the border of the village. Tishang Nongjri through the river without a bridge.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The High Court of Meghalaya has ordered the imprisonment of the Sordar of Wahkhen and the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council. on the decision of the Court, dated 10th November 2014, in which the Court decided not to recognize the powers of Rangbah Shnongs, in issuing identification cards, in relation to the date of birth, Vincent Pala MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, has spoken to Sonia Gandhi to ensure that the Congress party, which stands to protect the rights of the people, the tribes, to stand up and help, in such a case of difficulty they are facing.
At the same time, Justice Salvi directed the state government to expedite the work of drafting the rules for coal mining, according to this era, to prevent the mining of coal lymmuh which affects the environment.
“We should not rely on special allocation, because we are in this age of competition, this is the message I send to all the students of the state,” she said.
The Minister criticized the VPP's statement on the Committee's request to all political parties to send their views and suggestions on the State Reservation Policy for the purpose of appointing the State Reservation Policy. Members of the Expert Committee.
13) Religious ceremonies related to birth, naming, baptism, bhog, conversion and consecration of priests, other customs are permitted in places of worship .
He also alleged that in many cases the police have committed acts of violence against the indigenous residents which shows their bias.
The Meghashakti Commandos Warriors were inducted into the Special Force (SF)-10 at a ceremony held at the 1st MLP Battalion in Mawiong in the presence of the Chief Minister. and Conrad K. Sangma.
The player has accepted the current punishment along with a fine of £75,000 ($93,000).
Abhishek has scored 3/23 runs in 13 overs.
Others to be arrested include plastic flags, mombati and others.
He added that the use of electricity has increased over the years.
Dilip passed away at 7.30 pm.
The emergence of a new party in Garo Hills will also discourage this party.
Also present were the Secretary Shnong Charling Syrti and members of the committee of the Shnong.
The NPP leader said the NPP wants to get an answer on the basis on which the VPP wants to give jait to the father and in the explanations they have given, it seems that it is true. The father is a Khasi, the mother is a Khasi.
He said that for the Student Field there is a committee to look after the ground, the Student Field Management Committee whose members include the Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs of Jaiaw Pyllun.
Only the trouble and disappointment is as far as we teachers are concerned.
He said that the people of the area suffer from many diseases such as tuberculosis, and others from the uranium mines.
During the inspection, the union found that many of these shops owned by other ethnic groups do not provide the necessary documents from the KHADC and some of them have only NOCs from the Dorbars. Village.
“The KSU cannot sit idly by and watch this illegal activity of foreigners who have dared to enter the villages just to steal the livelihood of our people,” he said. You are the President of KSU Nartiang Circle.
Those who follow the pandemic say that the third phase will come in November or March
Kiang's mother was named Nangbah because she came to live in Jowai from Nangbah.
He has a patta of 4548 square meters which he has canceled and intends to convert into the LHC. The two members also said that Romario has only a small patta. However, the Dolloi has not agreed to transfer the land to the LHC.
“We don't understand the need for the IOA and many don't know and I believe that after understanding, it will enable people to understand this issue and if the people understand, the government will have to listen to the voice of the crowd.
Through a statement by Bah G.K.Iangrai, Asstt.
To find out whether these people have land titles in the Iewmawlong area, Bah Disparsing applied for RTI on the 22nd of this month to the MeECL office to find out whether they have any documents. There are no people living in Them Metor and this is because everyone knows that if you want electricity you have to give NOC or permit.
In the case of the Borial Wildlife Sanctuary, it will remain under the jurisdiction of the village and the state government.
Let me give you my political prediction that the BJP and its allies will win more seats than in the last elections and Modi Ji will become the next Prime Minister. the third.
“If this team doesn't arrive, it will be very difficult and it will take many days to search for the body,” said the Rangbah Shnong. I pray that God will strengthen the Dawki PS and especially the SRT to work better and more efficiently to help the people when they face such a problem.
He said the government should discuss the allocation of military bases to expand and build roads in the city.
In a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, on Tuesday morning, police received a tip from the security agencies that two tourist vehicles were coming from the area. from Mizoram, illegal drugs were seized.
Appearance-The products you sell should be clean, large and attractive to buyers such as plums or sying. color and healthy, free from disease.
Some have prepared, in beautiful places, to shoot this puriskam, unfortunately it is a black & white film because if it is released in colour, it will be more beautiful.
On this occasion, it was seen that very few leaders from political parties came to participate except from the UDP, Congress and some other parties.
This may be because it was held in Shillong.
Shillong, March 20: The KSU South Central East (KSU) has demanded that the Election Committee of Saw Raid, which has been appointed to conduct the Raid Shabong elections, should arrange for the publication of two or three names per person. Raid Shabong's electoral roll is not available.
During the service, songs were sung by the youth of the church including the Sohryngkham Church.
The HNLC has called a 12-hour curfew from 5 pm to 5 pm to protest against the Shah's arrival, the attack on Christian churches and others.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) has surveyed and explored the mineral deposits of Nongbah Jynrin, Mawthabah for nine years and after nine years, the Meghalaya government has decided to Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, which was held today, the Minister said: The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the government has decided to cancel the 30-year lease of land in Nongbah Jynrin, Mawthabah to UCIL in uranium mining.
Infantino said some of the broadcasters had offered up to 100,000 times less to broadcast the tournament, although the number of spectators was close. equal to or less than 20 %.
If the land belongs to you, you have to lease it from the Government,” he said.
“The entire process should be completed within 8 months from receipt of this letter,” said the Full Bench of the High Court.
Those who attended the program included District AH & Vety Officer, PB Nongpluh, DPM-DBDU, L. Kharkongor and Waheh Shnong of Umrasong, Harius Tlang. and the team of the District Basin Development Unit.
The Temple authorities have also informed that such attacks have happened many times.
“About 25 percent of the remaining salaries have not been completed by the Municipal and this is the problem in releasing the monthly salary,” she said.
Bada said the Governor has made it clear that he wants the customs and traditions and identity of the Khasi to be preserved. “He has told us that you should be proud of your identity”. said Bada.
He said that the residents of Lawsohtun have suffered a lot from his lawsuit in which the Dorbar Shnong has to spend time and money on the case.
The items donated by the Sur U Paidbah East Jaintia Hills include cupboards, dishes, rice, wheat, dai, pylleng and others.
The incident also took place near a hotel on Ring Road in Peshawar.
“Young people today need a proper understanding of how to build the future of their lives.
Six months before the ceremony, the Duhalia who are well versed in traditional Khasi music together with the scholars gather every day at the Iing Sad to improve their skills. and to train the youth so that they can understand and comprehend the ideas contained in the traditional Khasi music.
In a statement, Bah BB Khonglam and Bah Iengskhem Diengdoh Convener informed the alumni of the school that there will be a special meeting especially for those who studied in the years 1958 to The purpose of this meeting was to discuss the participation in the closing day and especially the drawing for the souvenir to be released on the closing day.
He said that in the state we live in peace and we don't oppose the people who are from this country, but we are against the people who come illegally from Bangladesh.
Fancon bowled only two overs and it was the last one SCA had to use in the match yesterday, but their performance was fruitful. In one of these overs, Fancon managed to score 3/10 points.
Earlier, the heat was in Phalodi of Rajasthan.
He said that about two months ago he visited after the EC decided to hold the Monolith Festival and decided to go ahead and this purpose is to recognize the richness of the jaitbynriew when related to customs and traditions from the Khaddar system, the ownership of land, the giving of motherhood and others.
The General Council of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on the 12th of this month at the party headquarters in Shillong. to take up the issues affected by the nation in order to bring closer to the people.
The Crystal Award 2022 for Excellence in Visual Arts was received by Bah Phaibhakupar Kharlukhi for his outstanding skill in painting which reflects the lives of the people in the village in a way that has never happened before. in the present age.
There are 148 cases in East Khasi Hills, 13 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills. don one.
This is the time when Kwai and other crops, such as Manir, Sohpieng, Phan Dieng, Priem and especially the Tympew, which are still in the forest on the tree, bloom well.
Shillong: The people of Assam, have stopped and stopped the development works from time to time on the border brought by Meghalaya.
The project should have been completed within three years, but it has been completed after 18 years since 2001, said Bah K Tiewsoh.
On this day, the Lyngdoh Nongjri, who is called Sohsla, brings the sacrificial leaves, the clean lakait and the lakhar, which are used in the religion.
Shillong: The District Magistrate's Office of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order to lift the curfew imposed in several areas under Lumdiengjri and Sardar Police Station Shillong.
Other speakers included Dr. A Hinge Medical Specialist District, Hospital Ialong, Drs. S. Sumer Gynaecologist District Hospital Ialong and welcome speech was delivered by Dr JN. Shullai is in charge of Ladthadlaboh Urban PHC.
On the other hand, Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said.
The Association has also announced that it will not allow all vehicles belonging to its members to operate on that day and that they should take action to attend the General Meeting of the Association. and also urges the people who have been joining hands with the Association from time to time to join hands with it because on that day 19th June 2014, there will be no Indica Pynurla. you can earn.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, recently said that a proposal has been sent to the Central Government from the JNNURM project to provide more vehicles to operate in the city and other places.
Shillong: After the spread of pig and cow disease in some parts of Meghalaya, journalists visited a village which is also a village where there are many cow farmers. Umlyngka village in Upper Shillong has been interviewed by the farmers of Masi Khem dud and talked to one of the founders of Masi Khem Dud. Umlyngka Primary Milk Producers Cooperative Society, Bah P.Kharbteng, who is also the Secretary of the Society.
According to Pyndap, it is understood that if a KHNAM MDC violates the decision of the party, he will be expelled from the party.
Also present were former KHADC Chairperson Teilinia Thangkhiew, Assistant Secretary Village Council R Khongwir, village elders and spectators.
This Act prohibits the quarrying of stones and rocks and shall be in accordance with the laws and rules laid down in this MMMCR. Although this Rule and Act has been in force since 1960, However, the Government has not implemented this Act and the quarrying of stone and shiap has been going on without following the rules.
If the people of India can be respectful of each other's customs and traditions across India, then peace and harmony will flourish and prevail in society. .
The KSU has demanded that the relevant authorities from the health department and the district administration should take action to inspect the shops selling milk and food items in the district so that it will not affect the health of the people. public.
In terms of surrender of weapons or firearms, there were 13459 cases.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chief Executive Member (KHADC) Pynshngain N Syiem said that the government has already passed the bill and sent it to the Governor. He said that the bill will be implemented in the upcoming MDC elections.
He said that Helen Giri, who retired from NEHU, has brought music to schools and colleges.
He also wished the organization and all its members a healthy body so that they can do this work.
Shembhalang Pyngrope top scored with a half century (59/53) while Shrimonto Hajong took 3/2 in 2 overs and Pynshaitbor took 3/2 in 2 overs. Girodh scored 3/10 in 1.3 overs.
This was announced by the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah Sanbor Shullai while talking to media after a meeting with the Association of Cow and Pig Breeders this evening.
“The RMSA has the hope and joy to revive and develop the youth who are involved in football because sports in this age is a plate of food,” said Bah Edmund.
He said that with the support of the community, we will be able to fight against these crimes and with the introduction of this Act in the Khasi language it will ensure that it will reach every household of the villages. and no one shall be free from the chains of the law.
Looking at these SOPs of the government, I see that even the government itself has violated many of the rules and cannot follow them and there are also rules that it has not implemented. 30 rules as she sent the religious leaders.
Prestone said the MDA government will hold a meeting on the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya after the General Election in Assam.
Azawl Sana was injured in the incident and was taken to Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong.
In his short speech, Bah Victor Rani, said that he understands the plight of the people in the area, especially those who live in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam. The MDC Jirang said that he is ready to help those people who live in the border areas, when they encounter any problems.
I feel this is important, otherwise what is wrong will be seen as right and what is not done will be seen as a risky practice and should not happen in the future.
This is the final decision of the NGT to allow the coal mine owners to transport the coal that has been mined.
Brahmananda Reddy did not forget that it was the Synicate, not the Prime Minister, who had more power over the Congress leaders and would If the Syndicate does not support you.
Shillong, November 3: A dumper truck No. ML-05K-8016 belonging to Bah Renikton Lyngdoh of Mawiong Umjapung, Shillong has been stolen by robbers on the 1st of this month at about 2 pm.
He said that besides the demand for the introduction of a law on agriculture, the party has also put forward many demands for the development of agriculture. Dr. Mukul Sangma did not believe in the plight of the farmers.
About 35 households have been affected by the cyclone including the Catholic Church, RCLP School and Seng Khasi LP School.
In the end, we should think twice whom to blame and whom not to blame with these words.
Umiam received 1.6mm today and 27.9mm.
The Food and Safety Department has taken the samples of the milk today after issuing the announcement on Tuesday.
Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding villages tomorrow.
The further improvement of the soil also leads to increased efficiency levels and a safe environment due to less pollution.
“I will work hard and I have offered you, please and if I can get closer to Delhi and the state it will be of great benefit,” she said.
She said that once completed, they will also receive the equipment to start the work.
Other speakers included Danida D Syngai, Additional Deputy Commissioner and DPO Planning Branch, Jowai.
He was speaking a day after the MSCW alleged that the dismissal of the chairperson was surprising and that the Minister in charge had received insufficient information that the chairperson did not attend 3 out of 4 meetings of the Commission.
Maheshwari was sworn in by the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan in the presence of the Chief Minister, DD Lapang, Deputy Chief Minister Rowell Lyngdoh and Speaker of the House. AT Mondal, Justice SR Sen, Judge of the High Court of Meghalaya, and others.
Angela said that the Lokayukta Act came into being after a long struggle by the people of the State.
On the election, Bah Titos W Chyne said, “The UDP will get many MLAs this time, not less than 15-20 MLAs. They have a great hope that they will reach the goal.
The incident happened at 10 pm last night when the bus was leaving Guwahati for Silchar, but when it reached a remote place in Shangbangla village, the bus stopped. side to side on the 4-lane road until it turns into a curve.
“Meghalaya is the first state to receive a helicopter to be operated by this company which has provided safety to the passengers,” he said.
Residents said that police, with about 12 Gypsies, arrived at Smit at about 10 pm in the presence of the Officer In Charge of Madanryting and SP City, Bah Vivek. King.
These five village circles include Pynthorsale, Mukhailong, Mutong, Chamcham and Lumshyrmit.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Police Training School, Umran, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday conducted a five-day training program on Women Safety for Police Chiefs from 24th to 28th June. depth.
Speaking at a condolence meeting for the judge, President Abdel-Fattah el-Sisi has decided to continue for two years the search for the militants. .
God sent His messenger, John the Baptist.
Meghalaya has been facing load shedding for many years, which has been caused by the falling water levels in the Hydro Projects (dams) during the dry season. you can swap boards.
The 59 newly elected MLAs were sworn in on 6th October in the 11th Legislative Assembly of the state.
After this incident, there was a clash between the Karbi and Pnar which resulted in the injury of one Karbi.
There have been 472 new cases of Covid-19 in India and 11 deaths since yesterday, bringing the total number of deaths to 79 and the number of infections to 3,374 and who have recovered, from surgery.
God still allows man to die.
Shillong: Smit and Assam Rifles have qualified for the semifinals of the Assam Rifles Invitational Football Tournament (AFP) on Tuesday at the Assam Rifles Stadium. Rifles, a Lightcore.
Through these departments, the KSU's activities have been disseminated to the people.
The state has demanded that the department should send the CRPF to stop the border crossing because this action of theirs not only causes The loss of land, but also causes pollution and severe pollution due to the installation of these CRPs, these toilets in the area and at the same time it can also cause the loss of land. This well which supports those families who support their households by cleaning the Umshyngïar in the forest.
The trial will be held at EJDSA Diengshynrum, East Jaintia Hills.
According to the sources, this man was a policeman of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
Nongstoiñ, March 14: The WKSU Rambrai Circle on Tuesday launched its office in Rambrai.
Therefore, after the meeting, the KSU has given 3 days to the Branch Manager to provide the members within the ATMs of the bank. The union has not refused to take any other measures or even to close down the SBI Bank in Umsning.
“We are trying to get more games for the national team, so that as players they can train themselves better and also how to understand each other when they have inside the field because of the lack of games makes it difficult for them to understand each other,” he said.
Replying to the motion, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said it is not true that the government has not done anything to punish those involved in violating the law.
Madhvendra Singh Shekhawat (14.01s); 3.
This is because according to the initial announcement, on the 26th October 2020, people will be allowed to open food shops, but later they issued the but some of the robbers have spread the news that in other parts of the market has been opened.
Thus, 2020 has been successful.
Thus from the beginning of the Pentecost and after the Apostles, churches appeared: the church at Ephesus; the church in Smyrna; the church in Sardis; the church in Philadelphia and the church in Laodicea" Revelation 2:1-29; 3:1-2
Therefore, he said the government should clarify its announcement by using that these laws should not be implemented in the District Council courts to avoid any misleading later.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) candidate Dr. WR Kharlukhi will win the elections. elected Member of Parliament (MP) or Rajya Sabha (RS).
Shillong: The deaths have been identified as Banshadoris Jyrwa, 41, of Jaiaw Lumsyntiew, Thari Kharthangmaw, 82, of Mawlynrei Khliehshnong, East Khasi Hills. passed away on 08-07-2
Balongshwa Surong (8) and Wanbiang Bang (74) scored the two goals.
However, if the villages refuse and do not want to cooperate with the Government for their own welfare, then the disaster awaits us.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah told reporters that the MDA government has won the election after working hard and appealing to the Supreme Court on this issue.
Our country India, through the Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016, has set rules to control.
I would also like to congratulate the state government and those who worked behind the scenes,” said former MLA Billykid A Sangma, who also won the Golf Tournament at the same tournament in Meghalaya. Games.
Other speakers included Bah Rafael Wajri, Chairman, Riti Academy, Shillong, Manosh Roy, Officer Exhibition, Department of Arts and Culture, Government of Assam, DR Michael Buam, General Secretary MASCOM. The event was conducted by HH Mohrmen, President of MASCOM in the presence of the Principal of Thomas Jones Synod College, Bah RR Kharkongor, teachers and students of various schools and other elders of the area and artists of Jowai.
In West Khasi Hills before 1982-83 within the boundaries of the Nongstoin, Myriaw, Rambrai, Nonglang and Jyrngam Hima, the hills and forests were filled with Nepali settlements.
Those who go to school get ready for school and those who go to work get ready to go to work.
He also spoke on the MCCL which has failed to operate despite being the food source of the people of Sohra, income and many other issues.
Because of the poor condition of this road, the vehicles have to drive slowly and sometimes they stop here.
The brothers or sisters of those Khasi or Maram women should show strong authority as a brother over their brothers and sisters. women who.
This is not the first time that Duterte has insulted Catholics, even though the Philippines has a large Catholic population.
Conrad K Sangma also congratulated the police and intelligence agencies for doing their duty to monitor and ensure that if anyone intends to commit acts that could affect the peace and order, they will be punished. He said that more vigilance is needed to prevent any incident that could affect the state.
It can also be said that although the government cannot provide employment to all the youth who have completed higher education, but the government needs to take action to formulate various policies which are partly as a way to open up opportunities for young people in employment.
Besides the piggery mission, which is an incentive to raise pigs, it has turned into a huge loss for the pig farmers.
He said that during the inspection, it was found that all the byrni of rice were sold by the Govt.
In Mizoram, five new cases have been confirmed today, bringing the total number of cases to
This is the only warning to all political parties that they should be careful before giving tickets to anyone to avoid being caught in the trap of turning the party around until it stops when they are in the party house.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government has received a request from the owners of petrol pumps regarding the payment of tax from petrol pumps in the state. that it extended the deadline for payment until January 15, 2020.
He said the MDA meeting on this issue has not been convened yet, but the UDP has people to propose for this issue.
He said that at present the Council is in short supply of funds and has to know its budget first.
Shillong: On the night of 19th July 2023, at about 11 pm, police on receiving a tip that a man was lying unconscious on the side of the road in Laitkor and Police have rushed to the scene and found blood in a pond at the parking lot of a vehicle owned by Farid Mukhim in Laitkor. Mawrie, Lumheh.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng, 17: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, through a statement sent by the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, who is also the CEO of the DDMO, has informed that there is no directive to the BDOs or departments. Government should be vigilant against sudden climate change as in the Central Bay of Bengal there is no indication of heavy rainfall or natural disasters that could affect the people and farmers.
Instead of the ILP demanded by the people, the government has introduced the OLP or Outer Line Permit, which has expelled the indigenous people as happened in Umsawli and Mawtari,” he said. said Mr. Nongrum.
Article 6 of the Constitution of India (COI) was amended at the time of the District Council.
The KHADC has summoned the Village Executive Committee, the Raid Nongkseh Executive Committee and the Sohiong Hima Dorbar Committee to appear before the meeting on October 29,
The robbers, who covered their faces with clothes, suddenly entered the shop and set fire to the shopkeeper after they had thrown petrol in a plastic bag. .
His participation in this sport has helped him to strengthen his strength and ability to fight against the obstacles in his service. he.
One day the teacher called a meeting for all the students.
Lahkmen said the police arrested Ksankupar after receiving sufficient evidence that he was involved in planting the bomb in this place. Police are conducting further investigation.
The KSU said that according to the RTI reply, those who oppose the public hearing are those who have been extorted money and those who have extorted money. The KSU has suspected that there is something wrong and the KSU has vowed not to stand idly by to fight against the Environmental Clearance of Star Cement.
The last MLS was held in 2019, when Shillong Lajong won the title, but since that year, it has not been held again due to the outbreak of COVID-1
The recruitment quota applies to Government departments when the Government invites applications for various posts.
Recently, the MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun together with the Union of Dorbar Shnongs of Byrnihat Area, visited two garbage dumps near the National Highway-6 and another at Byrnihat Market, where it was found that the spread of garbage has seriously affected the health and even the environment.
Before the launch of the book, a short program was held by the author under the leadership of Babu TS Lynshiang as Chairman and then by the Chairman of KJWA Bah SS Rynjah who spoke about the training. The title of the book is to know the morality of honor especially in these days.
When they have grown, it is necessary to remove the niut ki nier, to plow the soil around them and to remove the unnecessary shylluit.
co/3ywcV3f.
At the same time, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah urged the Sengbhalang who visited the border villages not to cause any disturbance which could lead to the disruption of peace and order.
The vaccination of dogs, including human and street dogs, started on 11th October and in the past seven days, 631 dogs have been vaccinated across the villages. Shillong and other places.
Dhaka: At least 44 people have been killed in a massive fire in a seven-storey building in Dhaka last night.
The residence of Umsning MDC Kong Macdalyne was stoned on Tuesday evening by unidentified robbers.
The MPCC also sent its condolences on the passing away of Fr Matthew Velankal, Fr St Vonaparte who passed away in the same incident. you are not being treated in the hospital.
All of them have reaped the fruits of victory.
In the carrom board, in the men's singles, the winner was Bah S.Sawkmie, second was R.Rani, while in the men's singles, the winners were S.Sawkmie and his friends. both M.Chyne and friends.
Radiation levels have also been detected up to 200 – 300 kms from Fukushima.
The State Government has also informed that it has already taken the Government to implement Solid Waste Management at a cost of more than T.13 crore.
Although some of the party leaders claim that this is a political issue of the VPP, we see in the media that many of them from young men and women to the elderly and the parties and various groups have expressed the need to review the reservation policy, it is clear that this issue belongs to the people, by honoring the VPP through its President Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit who has stood firm now. By appearing before the Main Secretariat to fight against this issue, not for ourselves but for the sake of the youth of the country, not to mislead this good intention, but to unite together. and to take action in a spirit of responsibility by supporting this issue to review it as desired by all.
However, according to information, many hotels have not been able to do this and are still asking for time from the NGT. I'm still staying at the Pinewood Hotel,” said David.
The prize distribution ceremony was attended by Waheh Shnong Alan Niangtia, General Secretary Bimee Suwer, Sports Secretary Teddy Laloo and others.
Therefore, the organizers will have to postpone it to another day, when the date will be announced.
He urged the people, parents, young men and women and children, that sports is one of the ways in these days if taken care of it will fill the needs.
Siraj, who held the top spot in July before being overtaken by Josh Hazlewood in October, came fifth through a good performance in which he managed to beat Sri Lanka beat Sri Lanka by 50 runs and ended up winning by 10 wickets.
In this regard, he said that the Minister of Education of the Union Government has approved the discussion on how students who wish to complete their Under Graduate in private colleges or colleges funded by the Giving another example, the Chief Minister said that students studying in colleges which are about 200 kilometers from NEHU should not apply or have any intention to continue their studies at NEHU. He said that these students would prefer to stay in their own areas or districts to continue their studies.
Similarly, MLAs Ujorki Sungoh, Comingone Ymbon and Sngewbhalang Dhar failed to inspect the deterioration of the roads from Laskein-Iongkwang-Mukroh, Nartiang-Nongjngi-Thadbamon-Mukroh and Nartiang-Ksehrynshang-Namdong-Sanaro. .
Rijiju, who is an MP from Arunachal Pradesh, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made it clear that his love for the North East is new and not at all based on emotion. the world.
He also criticized the seizure of money from a vehicle following the vehicle of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma in Arunachal Pradesh, and said it was understood that the money was for the election campaign.
m If this is the way the education department works, what will happen to the future of students in the state, said the MCTA. The new education in this city has started to decline in price because of the various private schools which do not focus on good service but which have come only to earn money.
Nilon Paul Muktieh, resident of Mawlai Iewrynghep, on Tuesday withdrew T.10,000 from the ATM of SBI at Mawlai Kieng, Iewrynghep. One of the T.1000 notes was found to be counterfeit. He went to collect the notes on the 30th of this month at 9:15 pm.
Although no complaints have been received from the public about these types of meat, they said that when eating these meats, the taste is very different, and they suspect that they are the types of pigs that have been slaughtered. shu pynh jubor with that kind of medicine.
He also swore that as leaders they have the right to stand for the truth and to defeat the lies.
It is to be recalled that the KSU had closed down this gate on Friday last month, due to the negligence of the NHAI to build the NH-06 which has been destroyed all over the country.
Most of all these human activities are taught, decided and explained by the workings and behavior of nature in the four seasons.
The president of AMSSASTA, Bah L Mangar, said that they will send a letter to the Human Resource's Development Department of the Union Government to seek clarification on the salary of SSA teachers. There is only one salary for SSA teachers in UP Schools and LP Schools, but the state government distinguishes between trained and untrained teachers.
“That's the time you love,” explained the neighbour.
“The Assam government has forcibly confiscated the house that (L) Bah Hopingsone Lyngdoh bought at Langpih for the Raidmynsaw Hima to use as an office, but the Assam government has forcibly confiscated and occupied by Forester. yet.
The two parties also promised to talk to the authorities on many of the issues of the drivers which the drivers of commercial vehicles have raised with the two parties and the two parties will follow up on this. MPUF General Secretary Aimonbha Syad opened the meeting by D Wanmi Laloo and opened the meeting by Bishar Samiang.
He said that until now the assistance they have received from the government is only the 100 days scheme or MNREGA. especially during the rainy season.
Marbor Nonglang said that his departure from the Congress party was not for any reason or criticism of the party, but because they wanted to join the party. He said that when we look at the VPP in the state, we see that the VPP is a party that still has hope for the future of the people of Hynniewtrep.
The party also hopes that 2021 will bring peace, after the difficulties they have faced in 2020, due to the corona virus.
Woh Kiang's father chose to live near a river because he needed enough water for his work as a Kamar.
Sangeeta Saksena at a workshop on training for teachers on marriage for youth held today at Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU).
Shylla expressed his surprise that the former Executive Committee of KHADC led by Pynshngaiñ N Syiem has not given any share to the Hima or Elaka from the money received by the District Council. “I am surprised why the old EC did not allocate T.133 crore to the Hima and Elaka, the Hima and Elaka have many needs. “It's a good idea to have a court,” said Bah Shylla.
Before the start of the match, a short meeting was held under the chairmanship of the Chairman of the District Youth Assembly, Tbn.D.S.Salahe.
During these months, these students have completed many activities such as: meeting with the villagers, conducting PRA tools, visiting schools, ICDS Center, households, consultation with ASHAs, SHGs, training of students on the duties and responsibilities of school children, street cleaning program and distribution of dusbin disposal with SHGs, training on child rights, HIV & AIDS program in collaboration with MACS and also a one day sports tournament.
The UDP Leader from Umsning Constituency, Bah Shemphang Nongrum, has also accused Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the UDP in the state, after the UDP removed the ticket of Bah Donkupar. Sumer from Umsning constituency and the ticket was given to Bah Sunshine Makri, who has recently joined the UDP from Umsning constituency.
The society has not received any assistance from the government or any government departments, not even a penny of money or any public leaders to provide assistance to the society for this bridge. state.
Various banners on safety measures and prohibitions while driving, such as using phones while driving, driving on unsafe roads, wearing seat belts were displayed. and others.
FKJGP President Wilbert Rani has urged the Village Authorities and Village Leaders not to issue NOCs to foreigners and to prepare the names of the Khasi who have committed 'Benami' The Benami Act cannot punish them.
“You can't just go to the garbage dump and break whatever you want because there are rules.
“These political parties and their supporters have said that the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) is right and very good and they have also claimed that only their party is willing to arrange it. “The General Secretary of the party, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, said in a statement sent to the media.
Speaking to media, after a meeting with the Joint Director, Bah Elvis Kyrsian, he said that the Muster Roll of Nalbari Assam has been appointed through the order of the authorities. Nayrong, under the State Government.
The district in the state has grown and increased in literacy rate but we should not stop here.
The purpose of the EPH is to enable the public to express their views on the impact on the environment and the public.
After staying alone in Jowai, the BSF left for Khliehriat on 25th November to assist in maintaining peace and order.
Investigation by the police has revealed that the man died after a stone fell on his head while he was working in a quarry in Khliehriat. The body was taken to his village in Silbari, Nalbari, Assam.
Although Donevan did not contest the last MLA election, he worked hard for the victory of Gavin Mylliem in the fierce contest against UDP candidate Titos W Chyne from Sohra Constituency.
The meeting will confirm the new office bearers of the Association and discuss outstanding issues such as regularisation, salary increase and other issues. Leaders of the Central Body will also explain about the many activities of the Association.
Nongpoh, July 22: The Award Committee of Jirang Constituency has decided to encourage the students to perform well in their studies and to come forward in the SSLC results. to award prizes to students who have passed the 1st Division including MBOSE, CBSE and NCERT for the year 2021-22 as well as those who have passed for the year 2019-20 and 2020-2
Under the leadership of Dorjee, police recovered the gold necklace from the house of Neelu Sunar, Jhalupara, Shillong and sold it to her.
“If the government decides to hire full time, they will demand the same scale of pay as the government school teachers now.
While cancer is a medical condition, which is caused by many reasons, it is not as you blame or criticize like this and cancer patients have the right to receive treatment,” said Pastor Pyrtuh. you have cancer.
“Many vehicles we found had cut fuel pipes.
When the king's house was near this river, why didn't Syiem Khyrim do anything about it? Besides, Pa-iem is also a doctor who treats the sick.
Qassim was shot dead at the airport.
After this world grew and sin increased, when the world grew, people forgot God, and what people did, marriage violence, wickedness and it grew, and it grieved and angered God.
He alleged that this action of the Ministry of Agriculture is intended to mislead, but as the youth they have understood and cannot be misled and said that the selection of students should be like selection. MBBS, Engineering, B.Pham.
She also acknowledged that the IIPHS is well aware of the rules against mergers made by private universities as stipulated in the Meghalaya Private Universities Act, Act).
He also urged the residents of the state to take action to inject themselves so that they can prevent the spread of Covid-1
The Customs Department said that they only need to look at the e-way bill and those e-way bills usually have the signature of the Meghalaya government and the Directorate of Mineral Resources.
They are listed under Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act (WLPA),
The move away from security anxiety has been achieved and our country is stronger because of the largest vaccination campaign in the world.
The three-day Inter School Athletics Meet (ISAM) was organized by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association (WJDSA). which is located in Jowai.
The earthquake was also heard in Guwahati.
However, as the child is still in critical condition, they are waiting for the investigation.
Obedience and obedience are lessons that must go hand in hand in our lives so that we can grow spiritually.
In the past years, Bah Banteidor has also shown how to develop tourism in places in Mawkynrew constituency like Laitlum, Syntung and Nongjrong.
S.K.N[bteng] Niakha had a strong understanding of the secret desires of Rida's mother.
Ankur Das lives with his parents at Jail Road, Shillong.
NABH is also a member of the International Society for Equality in Healthcare (Isqua), a group of health care providers around the world.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 1,31,868 with 6,767 new cases, of which 73,560 are still infected and 54,440 have recovered. The death toll has risen to 3,8
After a meeting with one of the doctors, KSU Sohra General Secretary Vicky Mawnai said that according to the doctor, the problem of the hospital is due to the lack of an ambulance. .
He also expressed his deep sorrow and grief over this incident which has caused a huge loss to the environment due to the enmity of unknown people.
A Cabinet led by the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma recently met with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss the demands of the people of Meghalaya. to implement the Inner Line Permit, the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Baphra Schedule and other issues.
RANIKOR: The 75th Anniversary of the Republic of Ranikor Civil Sub Division was celebrated today in a grand manner by Bah Pius Marweñ, MLA Ranikor Constituency. The Parade Contingents including Police and 6 schools in the area at the ceremony held at Nolikata Square, Ranikor Civil Sub Division.
The Governor also spoke on the development works that the government has done to improve the economic growth and income of the state, by providing roads and paths, The construction of the Mawdiangdiang Administrative City and the new Secretariat in New Shillong Township and the government is preparing to build the Mawdiangdiang Administrative City. The new Knowledge City in Mawkhanu.
SK Yadav, General Manager of the Food Corporation of India, Shillong, has denied the allegation that the Food Corporation of India has distributed plastic bags to the people of Meghalaya.
Mesing Langstang General Secretary of Khliehmuchut Shangpung Village Council said that the deterioration of this road has caused a serious damage to the houses and also to the people passing by. rud road and this poses a serious threat to the people.
In a sense, Caiaphas and the entire Sanhedrin were involved in the murder of Jesus Christ.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Komorrah Lime Stone Ltd (KELC) has strongly condemned the statement of its Managing Director JR Marboh against the union.
We too have many reasons to be concerned about the state of Shillong and the State.
“The road from Shillong to Dawki has been handed over to NHIDCL and the road from Shillong-Guwahati-Jorabat to Sonapur has been handed over to NHAI. In Meghalaya, I have spoken to them and urged them to try to create roads as soon as possible so that the traffic will not be delayed.
Even the BJP, which has only two MLAs in the 60-member Legislative Assembly, has refused to nominate candidates from Shillong and Tura and has refused to cooperate with the political parties to nominate only one candidate. participation in the Lok Sabha Elections.
Officials from the head office of the Seng request all teachers to arrive at the venue 15 minutes before the start of the march.
To start these trainings, the VC promised to appoint a Task Force Committee within two months which will be announced in the first month of July this year. begin these studies immediately.
Those who build a kingdom of peace, destroy the neighbors.
There are 78,1975 confirmed cases, 27,74,801 recoveries and 64,469 deaths, while the death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to
Despite the strength of the law, the surprising question is, why do these acts of violence against women and children continue from time to time? Murders, rape, rape and assault on the streets, in the workplace and injustice, trafficking continue to occur.
After they had covered themselves with eight and cow's milk, they washed their whole bodies with cow's milk.
“In Ranikor, there is no joint candidate but the MDA government does not have any huri hura, everyone is fighting for their own rights and in the MP elections there will be no difference for the government,” he said.
The people of Hynniewtrep should think carefully; Please think carefully before you support or vote in
In England between 1760 and 1870, about 7 million acres were converted into commons through 4,000 laws.
Dear women of Bri U Hynniewtrep, don't be happy to have foreign husbands because these same foreigners will use and make you as commodities and licenses for the purpose of improving your jobs and employment. They have sold their inheritance, not for us Khasi but for themselves.
When the pastor had consecrated them, he invited me to sing.
Pastor SB Lyngdoh said that the leaders in their small power have done a great and good job for the people of the village. healthy so that they can better serve the people of the region and the State as a whole.
As a strong-minded young man, he creates a plan and a way to achieve his dreams and desires.
Therefore, these two Police Stations, have expressed their willingness to continue to monitor in collaboration with the Seng.
He also congratulated the HFU for organizing this special program for the farmers which is a special program to know and recognize the farmers in Meghalaya. The Government of Meghalaya also knows and recognizes the farmers and is trying to find ways and means to improve them. name that farmer.
However, at present, while the Bill has not been seen by the Legislative Assembly, it is not appropriate to pass a resolution against the UCC.
Speaking on the occasion, KSU South Central General Secretary Ksanborlang Thabah said that the protest was successful.
The UDP has already announced 34 candidates for the election.
The Brahmaputra River, along with its tributaries, is said to be one of the largest rivers in the world and is almost equal to the Gongo River in Africa.
He also explained the rules that need to be followed before these refugees can receive assistance from the state government.
Only from this word Khasi and Jaintia as the districts are divided, many of our youth and elders misunderstand that they are not from the same Jaitbynriew.
Revelation 17:8
Texas is one of the places where the number of cases is increasing rapidly and Governor Greg Abbott has announced that the state will have to go back into a curfew. If the number of visits to hospitals does not decrease immediately in the coming days, the wearing of masks and social distancing will not work well.
“Through this, the college will be able to compete with other leading colleges in the state whether it is St. Anthony's College or St. Edmund's College.
The party leader said that they have invited the members from all the villages to cooperate so that they can send a group to form committees.
“This incident in Mukroh is true, and it is a sudden incident, without any previous conflict, but we have been taken advantage of,” Conrad told reporters.
In the final match, Shillong College beat Khadsawphra College, Mairang 5-3
In conclusion, the HNLC said that it is ready for peace talks and now it is up to the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma to allow for peace talks.
The Greek word 'ecclesiola' means 'little church'
Regarding this, the union has already sent a petition to the Commissioner Secretary of Transport and the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, to urge them to take action against the smuggling of trucks. However, the union is deeply saddened by the fact that nothing has been done yet, while the union is still increasing. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Bandary Ryntathiang.
All participants must wear a T-shirt and short pants.
GUWAHATI: U Rajnath Singh, Defense Minister of India, on July 17, 2021, issued a statement expressing his desire for peace and spoke on the issue of land grabbing. , however, has led to a violent border dispute between Arunachal Pradesh and Assam.
The Minister said that the construction will not only be at the JN Stadium but around the Polo Ground where many sports grounds will be built.
Shillong: The All India Trinamool Congress (APT) has demanded that the MDA government led by Conrad K. Sangma should withdraw all the approvals and also the SIA report or Social Impact Assessment. The report was prepared by the Meghalaya Institute of Governance which was made public at that time before approving the construction and upgrading of the road from Umshyrpi to Dawki.
First Division Date 2022 Umphyrnai SC vs Lawsohtun 3.30 pm29.03.2022 Smit SC vs Nongthymmai SC 3.30 pm Judge SC 3.30 pm02.04.2022 Lawsohtun SC vs Smith SC 3.30 pm04.04.2022 Nongthymmai SC vs Nongrim Hills 3.30 pm05.04.2022 Imson SC vs Sawmer SC 3.30 pm07.04.2022 Smit SC vs Umphyrnai SC 3.30 Law 24 Hill SC vs020. 09.04.2022 Nongthymmai SC vs Sawmer SC 3.30 pm12.04.2022 Shillong SC vs Imson SC vs Nongthymmai SC 3.30 pm16.04.2022 Imson SC vs Smit SC 3.30 pmN.B: The League Sports match schedule will be held after Shillong Sports. The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) will start on Saturday (26.03.2022) at the MFA Ground, Polo, Shillong.
Diseases such as fever, headache, diarrhea are very common during these times, but diarrhea is most common during the rainy season.
Governor Phagu Chauhan, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and Chiefs of Staff of the Indian Air Force were also present at the ceremony.
Of these 32 patients, 4 were infected with H3N2 and 28 with H1N1.
According to information received from police, they received a tip that a man identified as Raju Dkhar was on his way from Kalain (Silchar) with drugs.
Syiemlieh said that sometimes they hold friendly fishing competitions without making any public announcements and they give a big buskit like other fish competitions in ponds. ,but they just made it fun and for the rawon to show off their hunting skills.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has demanded that the State Government should set up a CBI inquiry into the allegation of illegal coal mining in the State.
However, to stand tall in training ourselves in all fields, whether it is employment, income generation, employment and education that we lack behind other ethnic groups in India.
One of the main duties of the legislators is to think carefully about what laws are needed in this state.
This distribution will also be for school children and students in Mawlai Constituency.
For example, there are men who, after having sex with their wives, go to have sex with these people who may have AIDS/HIV and after making peace with their wives, they go back. and there were many such people who spread AIDS.
One person was reportedly injured in the blast.
Speaking to reporters, the Additional Superintendent (Geology) of UCIL in charge of the KPM Project, Dr C Sreedhar Babu said that UCIL will not close its office in Shillong. He said that if the order is to be banned, it should come from the Department of Atomic Energy (DAE) as UCIL has taken over the mining of uranium. in this state.
The injured were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment, but due to serious injuries, they were taken to Shillong.
Through his lack of staff, it has opened the way for another synrop group to form a government in the country and for him to be investigated on corruption charges against him.
Captain Sangma said that although we have tried to harvest some soh after the independence of Meghalaya, but the work that still needs to be done is still ahead and the Government should still work with a purpose. to improve the income of the people of the State.
The DGP of the state said that due to the shortage of police personnel in the state, the department will soon use these NCC youths due to the shortage of police personnel. vehicle control.
At this meeting, the meeting was held to discuss the issues related to the haw-haw.
The cabinet led by Prime Minister Hassan Diab has decided to step down after the blast in Beirut killed 160 people. as a sense of responsibility for the tragedy.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 27: The farmers in five villages including Mawbidong, Manad, Pyndenlyngdoh, Pyndensohlang and Mawbri villages under the South West Khasi Hills District have suffered many problems due to the the decline in the price of their produce.
New Delhi: The number of food insecure people in India has increased to 101st in recent days, according to the Global Hunger Index (GHI) counting in 116 Countries.
Besides, the Khasi, Garo, ILP, Reservation Policy and others are the most hot issues in the House these days after the new VPP has four MLAs. The MLA of East Shillong constituency, who is also a government minister, has admitted that the criticism of the National People's Party (NPP) in the elections has created a lot of trouble for the candidates contesting the elections. party.
As soon as I entered the gate of Raj Bhavan, I drove my car to register, as usual, but there too, the guards kept shouting, which showed that they were saying go straight ahead and so, I stopped. always be able to park, in a more convenient location.
Therefore, in a voice from the leaders of these four parties, they urged the people in the state to give their support for the fight against the CAA no matter how difficult the struggle. and at the same time to demand from the government to immediately implement the ILP in the state, so that the entry of foreigners into the state can be curbed.
Speaking on the occasion, TMC candidate from Resubelpara constituency, Rinaldo K Sangma, said that the BJP and the TMC cannot work together at all, because the Trinamool Congress. itself has different performance issues.
INFECTIONS OF THE UMPYNJHIEH:- The increase in constipation in the urine or the slowness of coming out when going outside is a sign of infection of the body parts.
The use of manure in this way is called “Trenching manure”.
During Modi's election campaign at Ramlila Maidan on Saturday, Modi strongly criticized the AAP by saying that those who do not approve of democracy should go into the woods and fight with the rebels.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong is deeply saddened and condemned by the incident in Mukroh Village, where the Assam Police have forcibly killed the lives of the people of that area.
Immediately after receiving information about the incident, the residents rushed to the scene and warned the foreigner.
Harwil Shadap, Member of JSM Saphai Unit, Ribok Biam, President, Iadalangmi Passah, Secretary, JSM and others were present at the distribution.
This day will also be a day for the children of the Kur to meet once a year to get to know each other.
Shongkai, as you wish, you will not be expelled, you will not be in a hurry and if there is no place, you can stand anywhere, but you will be in the same room with the PA. special needs, they went to his ears and he talked to them, or he called to another special room.
The Union said that at present, the people are facing another problem that when they go for treatment at PHC Mawryngkneng, the doctors are not willing to treat and examine the sick because they don't have protective equipment. COVID-19 patients have been given only slips and medicines without treatment or examination to determine their symptoms.
As soon as the Law learned of this, it immediately sent for the cow.
The Joint Action Committee Border of Meghalaya has issued a threat to these organizations including land owners, Hima, Village and Sengbhalang under the banner of the Joint Action Committee Border of Meghalaya. has been resolved.
He added that when Khamkhraw was young, as parents, they lost hope and discouragement but with the passage of days and years, they saw that their son was strong in mind. .
The complaint was regarding the safety of traffic and also the stay and rest in the rooms during the holidays.
All these villages have to reach the stadium without passing through Shillong, only Ribhoi District has to pass through Shillong, the distance from Shillong is only 16 km. arrive at the bag.
“They should have united for this mid-term election, but they didn’t unite, because they know they don’t need to unite; Therefore, they are more angry than the Congress and in terms of the statement and criticism of the Prime Minister, it is only because he has nothing to say he has pointed fingers only at the Congress, but the Congress. The Congress this time is stronger and more united than in the past,” said Pala.
In the year 2022-2023, she said, the State Government will spend T.16.98 crore on fixed incentives and T.22.68 crore on incentives through NHM.
We see that there are many types of Article 371 and they differ from each other and if it comes to our state it should come in the form of strengthening the Sixth Schedule and giving special powers to the state.
In another order, it was decided to continue the closure of the house of Binod Khemka, Ferndale Apartments, E-107, IGP. 102, at the home of Dr. Sunita Shylla, Wahdienglieng.
This reporter learned that at the village bank at 7 mer today, only T.12,000 tyngka has arrived and there is not enough money to pay to the people. day.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today held a meeting of the General Executive Council (KSU) where all the members from units, circles and districts came to take part in the meeting. Community Hall.
And because they are high in protein they are also a food similar to all animal meat.
O my fellow countrymen, Together we stand firm; The future of the country and the state, Depends on us now.
Shillong, November 26: On the 28th November, 2013, the teachers who have passed the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.EL.ED) examination will leave for the NIOS office, Shillong. Directorate of Education Research and Training (DERT), Shillong.
The Congress, on the other hand, won only in Telangana.
Furthermore, all ration recipients will have to wear masks at the distribution points.
In another incident, Deibor Suiam of Pdeiniadaw village has lodged a complaint that on the 3rd of this month at 10 pm, a man named Mas Manner has shot dead him with a knife. sulor at the Pdeiniadaw Sports Ground, West Jaintia Hills.
Three quarter final matches will be played on Saturday.
Nongstoiñ: The poor and needy households of 30 villages in Lawse area, Sohparu West Khasi Hills District, have received special assistance from the Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama. Cherrapunjee Sohra.
Twenty-one teams from Mawlai Constituency have taken part in this tournament.
According to a letter signed by the President of HANM Narpuh Circle, Bah P. Syiemlieh and General Secretary, Bah S. Sumer, the HANM Narpuh Circle said that if the company is allowed to hold a public hearing, The extension plant is aimed at increasing the clinker production from 2600 TPD (0.858) to 4500 TPD (1.485) along with a 10 MW Captive Power Plant and a 9.5 MW Waste Heat Recovery System. (WHRS), this will affect the environment, pollute the air and affect the health of the people of the area, not only that, it will also affect the drinking water until it is no longer suitable for food for drinking and will affect the planting and burial of agriculture.
Before we get to that point, we must also remember that killing and bloodshed are not solutions.
“I am pleased that we have been able to open a Civil Sub-Division in Dalu, which is one of the long-standing dreams of the people of the area,” he said.
Shillong: The Khasi District Council (KDC) has filed a complaint in the High Court against the ban on the sale of land, which started today. In the hearing, led by ND Chullai, Additional Advocate General of the State Government and VGK Kynta, Head of the Khasi District Council, He said that these Khasi or tribals have no right to take a complaint to the court, because they are not the victims and said that these people have any fraud against them.
Regarding the Umjaut and Umduna projects, it has already signed an MOA with Eta Star Infrastructure LTD but the social agreement with the company has been cancelled. for these projects.
We don't have any reason to praise or blame anyone.
It is learned that since Maeid Hoping was admitted to Hospital NEGRIMS last year, he has also been admitted to one of the hospitals in Shillong.
With City, he helped the club to 12 major titles, but last season he made just 24 appearances, with Manchester City winning the 3 major European titles.
We have worked in the midst of many challenges,” said Conrad.
Shillong Bar Association took the lead and tied first for 115 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 20 overs.
Speeches were delivered by the Assistant Waheh Shnong of Bataw, Bah Skhem Sumer, Chairman of Bataw Village, Martin Lyngdoh, Mathew Pajat, Shewani Sumer and Klemen. This is according to a statement sent by the President of Bataw Youth Club, Deihok Sumer.
On the other hand, the two organizations expressed their gratitude for the opportunity to hold such a competition to showcase the talents of the youth of South West Hills District despite many challenges.
The march was held in a peaceful and orderly manner.
Shillong: The Polo Auto Rickshaw Owners and Drivers Association (PORI) has informed that passengers who have encountered problems with the drivers can approach the office bearers of the Polo Auto Rickshaw Owners and Drivers Association.
Vincent H Pala, son of Hermelinda Pala, is a 51-year-old resident of Khayyam Bungalow, Shillong.
The Waheh Shnong of Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang said that the meeting of the youth is very important in these days so that they can have the opportunity to exchange ideas and talk for the betterment of the society and themselves. selfishly longbriew man.
SDPO Asish Dasgupta and OC Nadugopal of Amtali Police Station are conducting thorough investigation into the arrest.
There are 13 strong rooms, 12 at the District Headquarters and 1 at Sohra Civil Subdivision.
This will lead to strong mass protests and will affect society and governance.
In conclusion, I would like to urge all the people of Jaintia Hills and the State to be vigilant before electing our leaders in
The power company is preparing to move west of the country to generate electricity and distribute it to the world.
VP Singh, Regional Head of Bharti Foundation, Mamta Saikia, Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Foundation, and other officers from the education department of the state.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Thursday urged candidates and political parties to communicate with dignity through campaigns. elections and refrain from violating the provisions of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC).
“However, if we go according to the road, we have not received the NOC for 10 years,” said Bah Jyrwa.
Khliehriat/ Shillong: After more than 10 months of informing the NHAI not to repair the NH-06, the KSU Narpuh Circle today took action against the NHAI and the government. This road runs from Khliehriat to Malidor and other states in the North East.
He said that some village leaders have stopped their vehicles, while others have informed that they cannot come because they are busy.
As the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said recently, those who know about those high levels should complain and name them, but the most important thing is that the government should appoint an inquiry to find out about those high levels. so that the people can be clear and not be misled especially during the elections.
On the evening of 9th October, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has appointed the Ministers of the State Government and for Bah Shakliar Warjri, the Chief Minister has appointed the Department of Sports & Youth Affairs. Labour, and the Registration & Stamps Department.
Last season we could only reach the Round of 16 and so this time we have to reach even further,” said Fernandes. Asian Cup.
Regarding the resolution of Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, it was received by the Secretary before the deadline, said the Joint Secretary of KHADC. Shillong, July 19: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Officer, Jowai has launched a campaign to protect the rights of the people of Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. A training on how to honor the elderly was held at the Community Hall of Ummulong Village on the 18th July in the presence of teachers and students of the village.
There was another child whose mother said to him, “Son of a dog,” he replied, “You too are a dog.
Police have launched an investigation and arrested nine persons and the investigation is ongoing to arrest others.
“In the past few years, the MPW has helped the health department to curb malaria and other diseases in the state,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Religious leaders from the Seng Khasi and Seiñraij also welcomed the RSS as it has been a stieh to fight against the Christian churches which have become stronger and attracted the attention of the people from time to time.
Shillong, June 7: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has declared a 12 hour curfew on the polling day on the 9th of June. The DGP said he has received information from the Superintendents of Police (SP) of various districts who have informed him that all the preparations have been completed. and it is certain that the election will go smoothly.
The Government, beneficiaries and groups of private individuals from within and outside the State are free to acquire and purchase land without restriction in the name of economic development.
In the 1st edition of the International Tata Steel Kolkatta 25km in 2014, Badon came fourth in a time of 1 hour, 38 minutes and 07 seconds.
As soon as I learned that Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, has been appointed as a Minister in the State Government, I am happy because as it is now in Ri Bhoi, there is not a single MLA from Laingut. I would like to extend my special greetings to Dasakhiatbha Lamare.
In a letter to the National President of the NPP and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Marak said, “Through the request of the BJP supporters and all the Hindu citizens, I request Sanjay Sangma should not apologize immediately.
These signs have appeared in this Government now.
According to the Child Tracking System (CTS), more students in Gujarat have been enrolled in government schools than in private schools especially after the outbreak of Covid-1
Besides, the waiter also threatened to turn him away if he didn't listen and asked him to bring his friends.
The training was given to drivers, engineers, drivers, car dealers and car manufacturers in the North East.
The first of these two is that the farmers should plant crops not in the fields that face the valley, but on the hills; but they planted in lines that covered the mountains.
He added that if it is necessary to bring about development, it should be brought about by any development projects which do not affect the people.
In July, both the Prime Ministers will visit the border area of ​​Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills which is currently in the midst of conflict to explain to the people how to live in peace.
The two prisoners are Shrik Abdul Rashid, who won from the Baramulla Lok Sabha seat in Jammu Kashmir after defeating former Chief Minister Omar Abdullah by more than 2 lakh votes.
Therefore, if we cannot achieve a full victory, it will be another turning point for the opposition in the Legislative Assembly until those who have already lost their reputation in the world in the past will be defeated. .
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad Sangma expressed his gratitude for the initiative to build an International Medical College & Hospital which is equal to the colleges in the world which is a great blessing to the people and also. students, which was also named after his father, Purno A Sangma.
At a public meeting held at Mawkyrwat Market today, it was decided that MeECL should continue to accept the distribution of electricity bill to the area and should not hand it over to the company.
The union would like to strongly condemn in this regard the seller, who has lost the share of the people who are the residents of these 4 villages.
He said that the youth have been left in darkness and despair due to the lack of employment opportunities in the last five years.
“Therefore, I request the CM to look into this matter and ensure that our state will also abolish personal interviews to ensure that there will be no bias,” said Bah Sungoh.
Section 45 of the Act states that a public servant shall submit such information within 30 days after taking up office and shall submit an account on or before 31st November each year. .
According to experts, many of the funds allocated to various government departments including the Department of Development of the North East Region (DoNER) have been misused instead of using the funds properly for their own benefit. The population as a matter of increased unemployment, lack of student accommodation and most importantly unemployment in the cities.
Nongpoh, November 14: Umkadhor Village Council today handed over a perfect house to a beloved mother who is suffering from poverty. , as a Christmas gift to the village after they didn't have a proper place to live and used to live in a dilapidated house which was difficult to look after and suffered even to stay. .
According to the order of the State Government, only 25 percent of commercial taxis and auto rickshaws will be allowed to travel for the 23rd and 26th October
The SP said Murtibiang was involved in the rape of a woman in the incident which happened in
We must not allow this to happen.
In the women's doubles, Treesa Jolly and Gayatri Gopichand will prepare well for the first match against Hong Kong's Yeung Nga Ting and Yeung Pui Lam.
This program was held at Lumtrep Village today 30th July,
After the opening ceremony, prasad and food were distributed to all the participants at Shiv Mandir.
As the snow falls, there is no hope that the snow will be clean.
The nation of Israel was well developed especially in the field of science and technology.
Shillong, Lber, 05: U Bah Aubrey Herbert Scott Lyngdoh, the oldest politician in the state, passed away at the age of 93 on Tuesday evening at his residence. in Shillong.
However, the smell of plastic bags has made it impossible for these residents to breathe.
Those present at the meeting included the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah BBlah, ADC DV Lyngdoh and ADC HML Kynta.
The party does not ban the love between the two, but refuses to express it in front of the crowd at the Syiem's ​​house because the society in Mawkyrwat has not yet accepted a clean marriage.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 04: The Ri Bhoi Synod College, Umsaitsning, Ri Bhoi District today honored the first 18 students of the College since its establishment in Two students who passed well in the HSSLC examination.
“The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly expresses its deep concern over the social situation in the state these days, which affects the peace and order and urges the churches and the All the believers to hold a special prayer for the restoration of peace and at the same time, requests the Government of Meghalaya to be willing to create the mechanisms to bring peace and stability in the country. state as soon as possible".
Speaking on the occasion, Charles Muksor said that if he wins, he will work hard to deliver development projects to the people.
Shillong: The JSU War Jaintia Circle, has received a complaint from many of the stone traders and drivers of Ri War Jaintia, that the weighbridge implemented by the Transport Department of the Government of Meghalaya, They alleged that they are only the gateways for making money by the Government officials who have taken advantage of the overloading of Mawshun and Boulder challan trucks to Bangladesh as the Government allows only 12 tonnes per truck.
For example, on the 15th of July (Independence Day), if the students of schools continue to commemorate it in their respective schools due to the curfew, it will not be long. to reach that time when they will turn into thousands to know this day as “The Curfew Day”.
Kolkata: The Enforcement Directorate (END) has seized Rs 20 crore from the residence of Arpita Mukherjee, who is close to TMC West Bengal minister Partha Chatterjee.
In a petition sent to Pala, Wallambok Syiemiong and Robertjune Kharjahrin, Chairman and Secretary of JACSO, they said, “We would like to request you to stand together on the grounds of opposition to the mining. Uranium in the Bri U Hynniewtrep, please consider carefully before supporting or opposing the construction of this road.
On the other hand, the relatives after visiting the body in the forest, admitted that it was their relative who had fled from the house on the evening of the second day.
Although I have not announced publicly yet, but soon in the coming days, the state government will announce the allocation and construction of this road, which is also the most important road in Ri Bhoi, he said. the Chief Minister of the State Government.
He urged the government to create more opportunities to assist the farmers and especially the cattle farmers who have helped a lot and improved the income of the state in the form of job creation. employment, food such as milk, meat, manure, snieh, shyieng manure, income from sale and profits from farming.
On the other hand, these two organizations have written a letter to request the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare through the DH&MO to Request to set up a Sub-Health Center in the area to protect the people from untimely deaths especially the pregnant women who have to give birth halfway during the time of public assistance to reach the places. ai treatment.
The Association in a statement said that Bah RG Lyngdoh is a visionary leader and a full-fledged politician.
VO Cham Cham urged all the residents and VO members to be clean.
Speaking as the chief guest, the President expressed her happiness to have the opportunity to open the curtain for the tournament at the Stadium named after PA Sangma. who was the Prime Minister and former Speaker of the Lok Sabha and became the first Speaker from the North East.
So far there are 1452 secondary schools, 386 higher secondary schools, and many youths have difficulty in getting into classes due to the lack of schools,” he said.
Watch this video@ I don't know if you know the story of the Khasi people or the Khasi people. “Only because in the war they died instead of giving the name to their father, but the authority of the Rangbah was taken away. The Khasi people will become weak in all aspects even in these days we cannot explain the future “especially because of the intensity of the cleansing of the Khasi people in our country and the country. kha khleh"Has a woman been able to fight this war that has come and started in the land of the nineteenth century"Silence War"the war that the Khasi fought in the past is The war that the Khasi are facing now is unpredictable, unplanned and unplanned. In the same way, many inheritances have been obtained and now there is no beginning of khih win and synjor.
“We have asked for clarification, they have explained, there is nothing else, they have explained that they have come to do good, according to the Constitution of India,” said the pastors.
Then the two nations lived in peace.
Referring to the vehicle tax, he said that the amount of money received by the District Council from this tax has not changed from one year to another, but the surprising thing is that it has not increased at all. it is seen that these days almost every day new cars appear on the road.
St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School won 23 medals, 9 gold, 7 silver and 7 bronze medals.
Therefore, if you want development works to come to every village and every household, at this time reject the Congress and vote for the BJP and especially Bah Badhok Nongmalieh from Jirang. Constituency, so that development works can come to the constituency, he added.
On this occasion, Bah Paidang laid a proposal before the people for the MLA election-2018 and asked for the support of the people with the promise “If I am elected as MLA in 2018, I will I will not contest the MDC-2019 election because I understand that I cannot serve two masters”.
The tournament was first started in 1961-62 with three zones and now seven zones are participating in the tournament which includes the NE Zone from 2019-2
Nongstoiñ, November 17: The Supreme Court has allowed for another four months to transport the remaining coal across the State. but in the midst of this happiness, there are many who take advantage of the opportunities of others.
When asked about the incident, the Waheh Shnong of Mukroh said that the incident occurred after they started shooting at the police. They started firing guns upwards to disperse the crowd, but in the incident, the police opened fire and continued to shoot the crowd until they reached the scene.
We look forward to their support and from the Ministry of Finance and from the Prime Minister so that we can achieve the various goals we have set for Meghalaya,” he added.
Singh also urged the states to strengthen the police stations on the border.
These two groups have participated in the Jaintia Got Talent in 2019 and have reached the final.
There have been 31 new cases of COVID-19 and 89 recoveries in the state on Tuesday. According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 31 new cases have been confirmed and 529 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
He confirmed that in the coming elections, the Congress party will have the power in KHADC and JHADC as well, and the same government in the Secretariat will also be in the district council.
The vehicle was found at Lum Mawbah, Upper Shillong on the road but the person was not found.
“We know what number is needed in the Council and we will increase,” said Prestone Tynsong when asked whether the NPP will lead in the upcoming elections. that's it.
For trucks transporting abroad, the order of the government will not apply.
Many people live in the countryside.
Prime Minister Duh spoke about setting ambitious goals for the future and said that ISRO will soon launch the 'Aditya L-1' mission to observe the sun.
The Deputy Commissioner, Arum Kr Kembhavi together with the SDO and BDO Amlarem and members of the Raid Buam visited the tourist attraction.
The Additional Advocate General said that the contractor, who temporarily left the job after not approving the extension of the work site, has now returned and issued the work order to repair the bypass from Thadlaskein. to Mihmyntdu, which is scheduled to be completed by July
In this regard, she urged parents to take their children to the nearest vaccination centers and health centers for vaccination.
Can you explain this?
In the second service which was held at 1:30 pm, Rev.T.Mukhim delivered the message from the Word of God, read and prayed by Rev.KL Tynsong. songs by the choirs of Mynsoo Presbyterian Church, Laban Presbyterian Church Shangpung and KJP Synod Mihngi.
The KSU Laitkroh Unit has suggested that the proposal to abolish Laitkroh should be stopped first as it has not been fought according to the Constitution.
The Commission shall be appointed by the persons who have the authority to carry out various projects to the public whether they are funded by the State Government or the Central Government. The robbery of the rights of the poor has increased with the passing of the days and corruption has become like a cancer that cannot be cured.
It was at this time that Jesus said, “For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
In particular, I would like to urge all of us as young people to look after our friends in our daily lives, whether they are friends who went to school together, went to class together. , you can work with your friends.
The exhibition was also attended by various government departments of the district, including the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries, EJHD, District Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Officer, District Handloom office.
In 1874, when the Province of the Chief Commissioner of Assam was established, Shillong was chosen as the Headquarters of this Government, as Shillong is the center of the Brahmaputra River and its valley. Oh Surma.
Our leaders, besides being rich, followed by fear, had to bow down and obey what the foreigners said. When a foreigner says white, they say white, when he says black, they say black.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The T.3 ration distributed by the government under the National Food Security Scheme (NFSS) has not been implemented at all in East Khasi Hills. They have increased the price of rice to increase the profits of the ration distributors who have admitted that they have not received the transportation fee from the government.
Shillong, July 14: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Rajeev Chandrasekhar on Thursday said that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will follow the directions of the The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the BJP candidates will be elected.
The National Florence Nightingale Award was established by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India in 1973 as a sign of recognition of nurses for their contribution to society.
Sanbor said that there is no impact on his appointment as Minister of State after two and a half years, but he will wait for his appointment as Minister of State and as a leader of the people, he shall accept what is entrusted to him to work for the welfare of the people of the constituency as a whole.
If this trend continues, it will cause problems not only to us but to the future generations, especially since the beginning of the 21st century with the rapid growth of the internet followed by social media. Physical activities have disappeared because our youth have become addicted to forty kinds of evil and also on mobile phones.
Among those suspended are senior Congress MPs Jairam Ramesh, Randep Surjewala and KC Venugopal.
Even the parents have wondered how their children will get the same education in the future.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Friday declared the Electoral Bond Scheme introduced by Narendra Modi illegal.
Speaking to reporters, these leaders including Bah Hilary Shadap President, Pynbhalang Syiem Working President, Nicolas Malai General Secretary and others said that Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, although he has done many things, However, he is the most criticized for the inability of the people to complete the roads especially the most important roads of Mawhati Constituency.
The Union has urged the department to immediately replace the post lights that have been damaged and said that they should do the job properly so that it will not cause any problems or cause any harm. and urged the department to take action.
Since the creation of Meghalaya and Shillong as the capitals, the independence of the Khasi/Jaiñtia people has benefited only the Khasi/Jaiñtia people in all aspects – economic development and social progress. Government departments and resources have been focused only on the Khasi-Jaintia region, while the Garo people and the Garo Hills have been neglected and deprived of their recognition which is a discrimination because the State is of all three ethnic groups,” said the party, adding that the establishment of Tura as the capital during the rainy season will ensure various benefits in the region.
However, the same pronunciation agrees with the English word Save which means to save or put rneng.
Therefore, the farmers who are still engaged in this activity are not worried much except for the rice and flour.
East Khasi Hills district has been the worst affected district with only 15 percent of the workers coming to work according to the government.
This year, the WHO Director-South-East General's Asia Region Award was presented to the State Tobacco Control Cell.
He said that the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 by the Central Government is unacceptable because the KSU had already sent a letter to the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) when it came to Shillong. accept this law.
On this question, the angels asked Jesus, and Daniel also heard, Jesus answered, "It will be for a little while, times and a half.
Publicity Secretary ECC, Mewothi Shadap, said that the DC will lodge a complaint against all the factories which have not complied with the notices issued by him and these factories will be closed down immediately. .
The North East Now news agency quoted a video showing people carrying a 12-foot-long bsein iong, with three people carrying the bsein, which they claimed to be they got killed from the woods.
Nongstoin, June 03: After the Pyndenglawar Village Council in West Khasi Hills, has decided to terminate and not allow the renewal of NOCs, the liquor shops in the village and the The village council has given until the 31st of this month to close down these shops, but the owners of these shops have refused to open their shops. their that even after the expiry of the time allotment from the village.
Madan Kynjat Lyngkhat is one of the oldest and most famous sports grounds on the India-Bangladesh border.
There is also a memorial in Jowai where the names of the rangbah from Jaintia Hills who fought in the First World War are written.
Nongpoh: To know how well the health workers are prepared to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi, the leaders of Nongpoh Constituency, including Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA and and Bah Balajied Rani MDC, yesterday visited the Isolation Centre, which has been set up at Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
Amen.
Speaking to reporters, Dr War said that from East Khasi Hills District, the eight cases tested positive are two CRPF personnel, one Arm Forces personnel, one BSF personnel and four civilians. public.
“We are fighting on the basis of equal development for all without discrimination and we respect all,” he added.
Police have completed the necessary procedures according to the law and the body of the deceased has been placed at the morgue at Khliehriat CHC. They didn't own the body of the old man.
When asked whether these reasons are the main reasons that could affect the Congress in the MP election, Oris Lyngdoh denied. He said that these are big reasons, but he admitted that they are only political reasons and he believes that these are only small reasons.
These things are also required by policy.
Thus, the hearts of the people in society, the hearts of the political parties in their lyng-wiar, the hearts of the political parties in their groups, and the suffering of the Khadar state which should serve the people and serve the country. state.
A country and a nation do not need perfection, but they need unity.
Teach us to know our days.
This is not the first time that the JDU has won in the region as it has seven MLAs in Arunachal Pradesh, six MLAs in Manipur and one from Nagaland.
This violence against women is against all the rules of the world and is very painful for every citizen who thinks about the path of justice.
“The Survey of India will come, officers from the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam will also participate – they will have to complete this task because the MoU should have been signed. The border between Assam and Meghalaya,” he said.
“On the part of the state government, we will try our best to bring back the situation as it used to be but on the part of the government, we request them to take care of themselves and what is needed. long to give the Tikka," he said.
Shillong: Due to the increasing number of cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order issued on 20th November , under Section 144 CrPC together with Regulation 3 of the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases, 2020 has declared a night curfew in East Khasi Hills District from 28th November 2020 to 5th March from 9 am to 5 pm every day.
However, at the same time, he said that according to the figures released by the Ministry of Education, it is very painful if it is true and the state government will find ways how to improve this but he doesn't think schools should be closed.
However, many do not see that in 2014 when Bah Ardent became CEM of KHADC, the Clean Politics Campaign was implemented, when he brought about a clean and transparent working within the Council.
“Looking at the situation, there may be a bad incident for the Meitei at this time, so we urge the Meitei in Mizoram to return to their home state for their own safety. It is surprising to know that the state government and such groups will join hands to protest on 30th June 2023, before the Kuki rebel groups declare war against the Kuki rebel groups. Two witnesses, said the AAMSU.
Therefore, it is said that this incident at this time, is the worst incident for Latin America and doctors say that many of these deaths are due to lack of breathing air and also and the flame of the fire was very strong.
For example, in Lumshyiap, the PHE department will need the cooperation of all the village leaders and households to be able to provide water to every household.
Shillong, Lber 25: Leaders of the Hills Farners Union (HFU) Meghalaya have been invited to Delhi to attend the meeting of the leaders of the Farmers Union of India.
At the same time, he advised the youths who will attend the training not to waste their time and energy but to attend with the intention of becoming something in the future. for if you follow the example of others, you will not reach the goal.
Bezos admits that he has already sold $100 million worth of tickets for those who want to travel into space and said that Blue Origin will go back into space next year. Twice this year, the rocket will be the same, but the machines that carry the rocket will be different.
The Chief Secretary of the State has requested that after many soldiers who have returned from leave have tested positive for COVID-1
The 19th Open Badminton Championship 2022, organized by the Sports and Games Committee, Loompyrdi Ïongpiah, came to an end on Saturday at the Indoor Hall of the Seiñraij Jowai.
Mawkyrwat, June 05: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency, today inaugurated the new construction of a school building at Phlangkynshi village. The Government Lower Primary School has been implemented at a cost of T.37 lakh under the State Scheme of the Government of Meghalaya. .
This is just a politically motivated dirty job," he told reporters after more than 9 hours of interrogation.
Warner Bros., a longtime Hollywood production company, has produced films such as Bugs Bunny, Batman Casablanca and Harry Potter. Silent Movies.
Khliehriat: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPLF) Khliehriat Circle led by its President Kyrshan Blah has submitted a petition to the MeECL office in Moowakhu Khliehriat Division. A transformer has broken down in Khliehriat village, East Jaintia Hills.
Coming together we can fight the evils in the judiciary of this generation and build a new one.
Commenting on the social agreement between Meghalaya and Assam, the lawyer said he was surprised that the state government has shown that it cannot cancel the MOU between the two prime ministers. On this issue, U Bah Kynta, said that it is nonsense to hear the answer.
By donating 25 kilos of Khaw and 5 kilos of Dai to: (a) Positive households (b) Quarantined households and (c) Poor households during this lockdown. 3.
The Umniuh-Tmar District also has its own dance form known as the 'Shad Beh Sing Khalai' or the Shad Umniuh-Tmar.
Not only that, but to this day neither the Jews nor Israel have accepted that Jesus as their Messiah.
“When we looked at the expenses, we handed over more than 10 lakh tyngka to the government and the government has handed over 7 lakh 49 thousand tyngka. thousand more were raised to improve.
The youth is the son of Kong Meristela Ronghang, of Umsaw Nongkharai village. At the time of his disappearance, the youth was carrying a Maruti Alto (ML 10 B). 8355.
“West Khasi Hills is a garbage dump for crime because the MUA-II had earlier planned to set up a wild elephant sanctuary in West Khasi Hills which is dangerous and threatening to the people. “It's because the elephants are the ones who destroy the crops, as happened in Ri-Bhoi,” said Bah Rani.
They are the Tata Sumo Drivers Welfare Association, the Indica (Diesel) Tourist Taxi Drivers Association and the Greater Guwahati Tourist Taxi Drivers Association. demanded the security forces on their way to Shillong.
Hamlet said that as an MLA of the area, he has been able to bring in Rs 6 crore under the Soil & Water Conservation Scheme where the residents have received bridges, fences and improvements. Agricultural fields as well as water reservoirs or check dams should not be erected to prevent soil erosion or agricultural fields.
As Addl.Chief Secretary, he has been in charge of the education department, PHE, Home (Political) Home (Police) Chairman cum Managing Director of MeCCL and the three departments of MPGCL, MPTCL and MPDCL. The Minister of Sports, Youth Affairs and Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, has congratulated Bah Wahlang on his appointment as Chief Secretary. Rebecca V Suchiang, who will retire on the 31st of this month, said that during her tenure as Chief Secretary, she has worked well with government ministers and officers and she understands how to communicate and show how. to advance the works also.
“Who opposes (the devil) and exalts himself above all who call himself God (Lucifer) or whom anyone worships, WHILE SITING IN THE TEMPLE OF GOD, HE SAYS HE IS GOD” 2 Thessalonians 2:4.
In the past few days, there has been an incident in Bhuj, Gujarat, where girls have been cleaned by hotel management to check whether they are menstruating. and yes.
We farmers should not be farmers in name only because all the necessities of the farmer's household have to be bought and this will enslave us in the future.
Therefore, there is no record of how many candidates have received from the UR/Open, those from the Khasi-Jaintia quota, those from the Garo quota, and those from the OST quota.
If you take the Masi Lur to Hali, the police will knieh noh and ask for 2 or 3 lakh tyngka.
“Therefore, the ILP is not a matter of concern, the concern is the illegal entry of mynder and foreigners and people feel that the ILP or some groups feel that the ILP helps in curbing these are the sorrows.
Without time to expand the body and environment of the area, it was necessary to fight immediately.
Suchiang said that the border markets at Kalaichar in West Garo Hills and Balat in East Khasi Hills have been working well these days and another market at Noligata in South West Khasi Hills has been opened. implemented in November
Ladrymbai-B have qualified for the quarter final of the First Division Football Tournament (EJHDFA) from Pool-A against Musniang. SC held at artificial turf ground, Diengshynrum, Khliehriat.
These 10km races are held around the world, usually on Saturday near the 23rd.
There will also be no traffic and crosswalk zones.
The KSU's visit to these villages was on the suspicion of the Assam government's inspection of Malidor village which is still within the border of Meghalaya.
“Honorable Shongknor, you will lay the foundation of democracy in these hills...and you will be the first Shongknor of the entire State to draw a line between the political party you have and the the sanctity of the chair on which you sit.
The 33-year-old will receive a salary of around pounds 700,000 per month, according to reports.
A source from Nongstoin Police Station said that the family members of the child have been trying to search for the child since that day, but till now they have not found or received any information. something about the girl.
They said that the complaint shows that there is religious sentiment in the state and it is not true that there are many people who have received EPIC, Birth Certificate, Ration Card and that the Sengbhalang has nothing to do with this matter, if those who come show themselves to be Indians.
If he himself is a priest, how can he advocate secularism, religionlessness, which means an anticipation towards Godlessness? Why would he do this if he were the head Father? Isn't he using the Christian faith and the Christian Church only as a means to achieve his own corrupt ends? ?In fact, Bah Adelbert did not do anything fanatical on that day (22nd June, 2020) when there was a special discussion in the Assembly on the COVID-19 pandemic.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) has decided to support the UDP candidate in the mid-term elections to be held in Shella constituency on 21st March.
Referring to the unity of the jaidbynriew, Bah Sanbor said that the unity of the jaidbynriew is reflected in the elections because from Laban where more than 80% of the residents are non-Khasis. Khasi candidates who contest up to 3 or 4 candidates.
There are 74 special schools in East Khasi Hills, 45 in West Khasi Hills, 39 in South West Khasi Hills, 43 in Ri Bhoi, 8 in East Jaintia Hills, 65 in East Garo Hills, 24 in East Garo Hills and , West Garo Hills 68, South Garo Hills 18 and South Garo Hills 13 cases, a total of
In fact, yesterday, KHNAM has already decided to withdraw from the ruling PDF in KHADC under the leadership of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
The State Government recently released the NCERT textbooks for the MBoSE at the Teachers Initiation Conclave held in Tura.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma W Lyngdoh congratulated the District Association for organizing such a special program on such a day.
The JAC has called for a road blockade because the government has not taken action to repair the road. .
The Chairman said that on the 3rd of this month, they had held a meeting to discuss the amendment to the Lienage Act and now the KHADC has already approved the Lienage Act. the Clan bill.
Shillong: As part of the efforts to ensure that there will be no community spread in the villages near the BSF camp, Umpling, the health department will conduct a The testing for the residents of three villages including Rynjah-Umpling, Nongmensong and Mawpat will start tomorrow.
To see more details you can visit the website of INESCO. This company allows all rich and poor to join and work together, if you want to join the company charges only 155 tyngka to activate your ID but if you work well, you can earn thousands of dollars a day or tens of thousands.
If you see these signs and want to do them but still have doubts, there are revelations that can strengthen your mind.
“The people of Mukroh are only poor farmers and the forest loggers are not the timber thieves as alleged by Assam,” said Bah Nehemaia.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 01: The National People's Party (NPP) Nongstoiñ today visited two Children's Homes in Nongstoiñ.
This information teaches us to be alert because sometimes we are misled even when we do not know the facts.
For in the resurrection they neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are like the angels of God in heaven” (Matthew 22:30).
In the past few years, the elections to the State Legislative Assembly have turned out to be defeats, and it is terrible to watch.
The letter was signed by Cheerful Ryngkhlem, Chairman of Jowai Village Council and Deibormi L Rymbai, Secretary of Jowai Village Council.
If we look back at the tournament which was held in 2022, although initially there were shortcomings in many aspects, but after overcoming the problems and improving the tournament, 19 types of sports were held in 13 venues with the participation of 3000 youths.
This current election system is not clean because the voters are not free to choose whom they want.
When inquired from other shops, many of the shopkeepers did not want to tell us the price of piat from abroad.
Leaders of the PDF from Mawhati Zone include Dwes Madur, Shemphang Pale, Ledan Khymdeit, Jros Madur, General Secretary, Kytingdor Khymdeit, Adviser, Joseph Makdoh, Roswell Shadap and other leaders.
Shillong, June 27 : The All India Congress Committee (AICC) on Tuesday decided to suspend four MLAs of Meghalaya for three years.
Sunday is not a day to go to the mountains or rivers or to wash cars on the streets or to spend time in the circles of the world, Sunday is a day to thank and honor God. u Blei by going to the temples or to the houses of worship.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP General Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh said that the UDP has met and discussed with the MLAs, MDCs and leaders from Jaintia Hills and Khasi Hills as part of the preparation of the elections.
“I feel sorry for the Deputy Commissioner because she has lost sleep just to get the land owners and even that they don't want to give the land this has caused problems to build the road. Shillong – Coming”.
The Chief Minister said that the unit should be managed and operated by the Rongara Agro Food Processing Cooperative Society which is owned by the residents.
The first march will be from Nongstoin to Mairang where the members of the party will have to stay overnight in Mairang and the next day the march will continue from Mairang to Mawngap. On the fourth day, the party will march from Mawngap to Shillong where they will hold a short meeting at the Secretariat before handing over the award. petition to the Prime Minister.
“Some of them have received and some of them have not received which has caused a bad attitude even to the parents of the leaders of various unions,” said Bah Pynshai.
“We are pleased that the MDCs from the opposition have stood up to speak on the issue of the jaitbynriew,” said Bah PT Sawkmie, Adviser of UDP Mawlai.
New Delhi: The High Level Committee (HLC) chaired by Union Defense Minister Amit Shah has approved additional financial assistance from the Central Government under the National Disaster Response Fund (NDRF) to three States, which were affected by floods, landslides, landslides in
The union also urges the central government to appoint an indigenous local VC on the grounds that NEHU is located in Meghalaya to serve the people of Meghalaya more than others. States in the North East have their own universities.
This small but sweet variety of sohmynken is used by people for food, making ashar and other purposes.
On the other hand, Francis said he is surprised that although the complaint has been lodged with the police since the 15th, the police have not yet arrested a single person. these robbers even though he had already given their names.
Mukul Sangma has increased by 108% from Rs 13 crore in 2018 to Rs 38 crore in 2023 and so on.
Pradhan said that the state government has sent a letter to the Commissioner of Social Welfare Department on March 28, 2013 to the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment. There is no list of OBCs in Meghalaya and there is no list issued by the government of OBCs in Meghalaya.
The bomb squad together with the sew bud dien have gone to the High Court of the state today to investigate whether the bombs were planted.
PK Banerjee passed away in October 2020 and the entire federation has said that it will continue to pay tribute to the leading player of the country from time to time as a memory of him. also ensure the sustainable development of the football industry in the country from the source.
However, as it is now, the UDP is also finding it difficult to elect the best and strongest candidate from this constituency.
In fact, the union has already met with Anup Bal from Kolkatta, the contractor of Eagle Company Pvt Ltd, who is the owner of the toll plaza, from the NHAI to collect toll.
However, the supply of bombs, tangmuri and kynshaw was left to the Lyngdoh Raid, jointly by the San Kur and Khadwei Kur.
“We are pleased to announce that we have been able to do this by ensuring that there will be no power outages or loadshedding,” said the Minister. implementation of loadshedding.
However, the Chief Minister said that in this state everyone wants to work in the government and when you ask a young person what you do, if they are not working in the government they will say no need, “Why are we like this? , it is very difficult to think, that is why we have to change the mindset of the people, we also see that most of the people who have completed many studies just hold their certificate in hand and wait Whenever they get government jobs, it is the idea that this government is thinking how to change the way of life so that young people should no longer turn to government jobs. “It's your own jobs that enrich you,” said Mukul Sangma while speaking at a meeting held at CTTC Sohra today.
He said that the authorities in charge of the election have taken action to send a letter to those candidates and parties who violate the rules of the Model Code of Conduct. These documents are also in accordance with the Representation of People Act
As an MLA, he promised to give his cooperation for the development of sports in the district, not only in football but in other sports which the youth in Ri Bhoi play. .
Regarding the opening of these development projects, the residents of the village, were pleased to see that the government has taken steps to deliver development projects in the area, which is also an area with near Sunapur in Assam.
In another development, Israel has agreed to a ceasefire with Hamas militants, which began yesterday, in agreement with Egyptian-led talks.
“As NEEPCO is a Public Sector Undertaking, we have agreed to suspend the prepayment of boring fee which is about T.1 lakh per megawatt but we cannot suspend 12% of the boring fee. “I don't want to go to the State,” said Conrad.
Bumbumba N Marak 20 runs and Tengrik Sangma scored 4/10 runs while Kynsai scored 4/1
Those who witnessed the event were Bah Jason Lenox Nongrum President HYC Ri-Bhoi District, Mission Tron Vice President Nongpoh Circle and other leaders from the HYC Ri-Bhoi District.
Some Khasi scholars of All India Radio have used such words and for example, a film in English is called 'durim', a drama in English is widely understood and regarded as a Khasi language, but it is called the original 'sawangka', and so on there are other similar languages.
Hamlet also clarified on the allegation that he removed the tickets of Gilbert Laloo and Macdonald Kharkongor and said, “They are not members of the PDF but they came to support me for three months. “Before the election and after they understood that I would win, there were three others who applied for ticket but these are the people of the party and we have agreed,” he said.
Former HNLC Chairman Julius Dorphang has been charged under Section 366(A) of the IPC, Sections 3(a)/4 of the POCSO Act and Sections of the Immoral Trafficking Prevention Act (ITPA) for allegedly raping a child.
Therefore, with this concern, it is decided to create or create new such languages, to seek and find suitable languages ​​from across the state which are more difficult to speak in the society. don already.
Nongstoin, July 15: Thousands of residents of Warsanlyngdoh area attended a public meeting convened by the District Administration at Pyndenumjarain on Friday.
Dr Ampareen also expressed her concern for the safety and protection of women and children in the State.
The Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous Council has five districts and covers an area of ​​10,000 sq. km.
I was born at home and there was no hospital at that time in my village.
Those who witnessed the event included Bah TG Nengnong, Secretary to the State Government in charge of PWD, Bah PS Tynsong, BDO Khatarshnong-Laitkroh C&RD Block, Bah Paiem Freeman Sing, Syiem of Sohra Hima, Bah N Shabong, Rangbah Shnong Khrang, officers of PWD Roads (Sohra Division), Village Leaders and others.
On the other hand, the union requests the government to implement this equal work for equal pay policy so that it can improve or assist the teachers. At present, adhoc Lower Primary School teachers are the lowest paid teachers under the jurisdiction of the government.
The following are the matches tomorrow:.
The purpose of this meeting should be to bring about unity of purpose and cooperation among countries.
Shillong, November 12: As part of the preparation to welcome the coming of Christmas, the Presbyterian Youth Association, 4 mer Upper Shillong, today held a cleanliness drive on the sidewalks of Upper Shillong Road. Gorkha School until 4 pm.
“You call us the Sengbhalang, we are not the ones who make the laws, it is the leaders whom we have already won, they are the ones.
Furthermore, U Nongsaiñ Hima on Tuesday, October 27, 2023, visited the road and found that the road has remained in good condition. There has been no improvement but it has remained the same for some time since the time of the former Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government and also in the present government.
India can produce at least 78% of the world's shynrai, according to a reply by the Minister in charge of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, Narendra Singh Tomar in the Rajya Sabha. On 12th October 2021, the production capacity of shynrai in 2018-19 is 389 thousand tonnes, which shows that if we can work together with the authorities, it will help the Jaintia Hills. 123 new cases of COVID-19 confirmed, four deaths in Lakadong district in the country The death toll from the coronavirus in the state has risen to 1542 on Saturday.
The death toll has risen to 33,425 and 9,52,744 have recovered.
He said after the 2nd as the supporters have decided “we will celebrate until the tdem pum and the works will be done until the tdem pum”, so he urged the people to come out early on the 27th and vote. The vote for the NPP party is under the seal of the Court.
New Delhi: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the by-election for the Ranikor (ST) Assembly Constituency in Meghalaya.
Many people came to witness this annual pomblang.
Therefore, he hopes that in the future as the Minister of Education, he will bring about many changes and how to improve education in Meghalaya as a whole so that the children and students can get the future benefits for ten days.
Shillong, July 4: Two members of the GNLA, Jimbo T Sangma, alias Rabon, have been arrested by the State Police. Krailing K Sangma, who is also in the hands and feet of the Commander of the party, Rakban D Shira.
The new school was inaugurated by the MLA of 7-Amlarem Constituency and Parliamentary Secretary to the State Government, Ma Stephan Son Mukhim. PM Tariang SDSEO Amlarem, Ma Kolmen Pohshna, President War Jaintia Rangbah Shnong Union, teachers, students and parents of school children and residents of Amlarem.
While the struggle to form a government in Meghalaya is still intense, as the NPP+BJP has demanded the formation of a government, the opposition parties including the Congress, TMC and regional parties as well as the Independents are also preparing to leave. They demanded that the Governor form a government.
She said that in the past few months, there has been a destruction of the synsar trees that have just been planted but they have gone to plant again.
Invest India, in collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, has conducted the ODOP Sampark program in Shillong.
When we went to clean up the river, our group looked away but didn't want to take part in this effort to clean up the river.
Under this, Master Trainers (MTs) from various districts are receiving training and re-training Sarpanchs/Pradhans, Village Secretaries and Swachhagrahis on ODF Plus related activities.
The Maharani of Gwalior and the owners of slasha farms used to come to the hospital for treatment and Arundhati Roy, author of the famous book God of Small Things, was also born here. .
Through the Climate Law, it has been decided to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere to protect these glaciers. I am sad to see that the mountains have started to turn into water and I am happy on the other hand that there has been a discussion to take action in this regard.
The Riewsaid said, “Let me do that...” Bah Shanbor agreed. The Riewsaid wrote a letter and gave it to Bah Shanbor to take to the police station.
Fenela said she has not received any letter from the HSPDP regarding her expulsion. She said she does not want to comment on the expulsion. “How can we seek democracy or clean politics when there is no clean politics within the party,” said Fenela.
“We have made and reported on the receipt of money and expenditure to the public because we want to show transparency and to inform the public that we don't have any others to control and ban. ," he said.
In fact, the government should have taken other measures, such as how to educate or explain to the people through various programs to raise awareness, said some of the people. the police are on duty.
The team of West Jaintia Hills District has won 23 medals, including 14 Gold, 6 Silver and 3 Bronze medals. Over All Champion this year.
“Isn't it possible to end the festival on other days and we have six days, why choose Sunday.
Shillong: There have been 478 cases and 329 recoveries today.
Babu FC Shullai, General Secretary of the APSTA, on Tuesday said that teachers have the power to bring about change and can also win or lose elections.
The Jowai Village Council (UHC) has announced that the price of LPG has reached the household at T.
Shortly after, the village authorities of Mawkynrew investigated and found that the girl was brought by a woman who worked as a cleaner at the Sisters' residence in St. Joseph Mawkynrew.
Informing about the outcome of the meeting, Bah Emmanuel said that the Commissioner and Secretary has informed that the Finance Department has already released T.50 crore from the PWD Department for the maintenance works.
If the High Court of the state cannot do that, it means that all the Bangladeshis who have settled in the state have become Indians, no longer Bangladeshis, he said.
Two other suspects have been arrested and the investigation is underway under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act,
Let alone those temporarily strong Sengbhalang who have opposed the ban on Khasi girls from marrying foreigners, leave alone the strict prohibition against those who violate these rules.
Nongstoiñ, June 13: “It is to be recalled that the area on the border that the Assam government has occupied is about 2765.14 square kilometers,” said Bah Hindro Samakha, Chairman Raidmynsaw.
“We hope that the dorbar synrai will be held in a new dorbar hall. The work of construction of this new dorbar hall has been going quickly after only three years of construction. was very efficient".
According to some of the students who participated in the exhibition, the students of Pine Mount School, Shillong have built a Hydrobler which is a building to fight against Plastic instead of plastic which affects the environment cannot be used in this product.
He announced that the government is ready to improve the stadium and the work will start soon.
Shillong: There have been 63 new cases of corona virus in the state today.
He said that whoever loves the Eucharist avoids the sin of blood, drunkenness and other deeds that offend God and fellow human beings.
He also urged these new officers to be friends of the farmers especially to achieve the goal of the Government of India to bring about a sustainable income for the farmers in the state.
The union said that last year, the union had received a proposal to give an increment of T.18,000 in the name of all the Adhoc but unfortunately Only Secondary and Higher Secondary teachers have been given an increment of T.9,000 while Lower Primary and Upper Primary teachers have been given an increment of T.6,0
They were taken to Shillong for further investigation.
According to the family members, the child did not dare to tell anyone about her father's rape, but her mother, after learning about her daughter's behavior, encouraged her to tell her what she had done. it happened.
If they feel that they need to get to their destination on time, they should leave home earlier because we all know that Shillong is famous for its traffic jam.
This was announced by Rgh Sari, General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Mukhla Nongrim.
So, to win against her at the Khelo India University Games is special for me.
The Presidential election will be held on 3rd November
The winners of the junior girls single were Na Idakordor Marwein who won first place, Maphi Barikor who won second place and Saphibarikor L Marshillong who won third place.
There were 6,810 cases of theft from commercial banks worth ₹71,542.93 crore in the 2018-19 fiscal year, an increase of more than 73 per cent, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said. ), responding to a reporter’s inquiry.
From the discussions with Dr. Don it was understood that his inability as a leader to achieve his goal of working for the people was due to his lack of power.
When we looked back at the cleanliness, we found that it was not only a clean market but there were parts especially in those places where the shops were no longer occupied. long places to look at.
“We urge the Ministers of the State Government from Jaintia Hills to speak within their Cabinet regarding the backwardness of East Jaintia Hills in terms of roads, Government Hospitals, Government Colleges and others. “We should not talk only for the railway line in East Jaintia Hills, because at present our district does not need that railway line,” said the statement. Fucking Priest.
“Arun Jaitley's daughter is on salary from Mehul Choksi, while her father just grabbed her documents and let her run away.
For thousands of years this has been said, and this is also a sign to the world, because what happens to Israel happens to the whole world.
Do you love God? Do you want to see those things that the eye of man has never seen, the ear of man has never heard, or those things that man has never heard? If yes, then the Word of God says – “Be ye therefore reconciled unto God.2 Corinthians 5:2
East Khasi Hills has recorded 304 cases, West Garo Hills 56 cases and Ribhoi Hills 16 cases.
In view of these states which have adequate power plants, it is intended to inform the Government of India, that it should allocate adequate funds, so that they can increase the generation of electricity, for the benefit of the country or to export electricity to neighboring countries.
Several UDP leaders resigned from the party on 8th March including RK Basaiawmoit, B Mylliemngap, E Wahlang, M Lyngdoh, ER War, AN Lyngdoh and B Nongbri.
If Ichamati issue/good link/rhino incident....
Speaking at a rally at Gandhi Bhavan, the PCC chief said a large rally would be held at Saroornagar Square in the suburbs of Hyderabad.
Many will say that many of the parents today in these times cannot afford to sleep together because of the lack of food, drink and all these things.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 82953 out of which 80673 have recovered and 1435 have died.
In the second semi final, Laitjem CC played against Cricket Lovers Sohra.
The new rules are an obstacle to the development of the Khasi youth.
Shillong: U Prof. Lakhon Kma, who has announced to contest the Lok Sabha MP election, on Tuesday said that Khasi Jaintia Hills will have only one MP regardless of whether the people contest from the party or an independent candidate. in Parliament he shall have to stand alone to advocate for the cause of the nation.
So far, there are 3,693 cases in the state, of which 1,584 have recovered and 2,098 are undergoing treatment.
The delegation, as we have seen in the newspapers, has requested the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and has also submitted a memorandum on these issues so that the Prime Minister can take the necessary action.
Meghalaya, on the other hand, wants the Indian government to remove Meghalaya from the MMRD Act and allow coal mining to resume as usual in the state.
RELATIONSHIPS:— Being close to family and friends makes you happy, which in turn helps you to live a healthy life.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : The Government of Meghalaya today signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the 1 Million for 1 Billion Foundation (1M1B) to establish the second Green Skills Academy in India and the first in State, for the youth in Shillong.
:The Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center (RMVCC) has honored the 97th batch of Computer Training and the 37th Batch of Language Training. , today 29th November in Shillong.
According to the report, Tripura has the highest demand for food items in the North East, requiring 30,000 thousand MT per month to feed 36,73,917 people, while Meghalaya has a monthly capacity of 15,000 MT to feed 29,64,001 people.
All government employees, except IAS and IPS, retire at the age of
The former CEO of the Broadcast Audience Research Council (BARC) India reported the incident to the Mumbai Police, which released a report on the 11th of this month.
They were tested at MAG Osmani Medical College Hospital in Sylhet and 668 tests were sent to Dhaka and 78 people tested positive for Covid-19, said Dr Anisur Rahman, Assistant Director of Disease Control, Sylhet Division.
Therefore, they (NPP) don't even have a candidate and for that reason they have to fight (from other political parties),” he said.
The time has not yet come.
When I looked at this road, which is called David Scott's Route, I found that the construction of this road from Pandu, Gauhati to Majai is very good. long straight west between 91 ̚35̎ and 91 ̚45̎ longitude, which means that the road management has allowed to cross and cross within 10 minutes of longitude by counting the distance between the roads. cut and pom khongwaiñ because they have to repair the 35 ̊ road in places to facilitate the passage of people and horses.
Which we are happy to use.
“These verses taken from the Duitara Ksiar written by Babu Soso Tham remind us to explain clearly what it means to be a RANGBAH.
On the other hand, the NPP Nongpoh Block congratulates him for his departure from the NPP. This has been a blessing to the NPP Nongpoh Block. On behalf of the NPP Nongpoh, we have given our confidence in the leadership of Macdalyne S Mawlong and we hope to reach the goal in 2023 and we clarify that all the allegations against the candidate The NPP Nongpoh is wrong and unfounded and it is only an election campaign, they added.
Mawngap Police Station has launched an investigation under Section No.13(06)2022 U/S 20(b)(ii)(C) of the NDPS Act and arrested Junita Nongbet. (40) bad judge.
Speaking to reporters, the Working President of FKJGP, Bah Kenes L.Nonglait, said that after receiving a complaint from the residents, They have met with the SDO of MePDCL Mawkyrwat Division to inform and demand that the electricity supply should be provided. so that it will not be a loss to the people of the village.
He said that the Variable Dearness Allowance (VDA) has been implemented every year without the permission of the Ministry of Labour.
While Sadlier and the soldiers were trying to help Long, Kiang ran after him and struck him with a sword.
The Bumper Lucky Draw which was scheduled to be held on 04-04-2020 will be held on 24-04-2021 at Biar Dulong Square, Jowai.
Luliram Ronghang (CEM-KAAC) said that the Pnars living in Block I and also the residents of Mukroh are foreigners who have just settled in this area. Ronghang does not know whether the Khasi-Pnar residents of Labang-Nongphyllut, Nongphyllut, Pangam Raliang, Dolloi Raliang and Mukroh, Shilliangmyntang District, know the Mikir. now as Karbi, where did they come from, since when did they come to live within the boundaries of these Elaka and since when did they get the Mikir District (present Karbi-Anglong).
When will democracy come and even now, we are in the midst of an undeclared emergency.
Indeed, God also calls us to carry this glory in our lives by living a holy and pleasing life so that we may be His lights wherever we are.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 244 cases while West Garo Hills has the highest number of cases with 109 cases.
We urge all drivers of vehicles and two wheelers to be careful.
As the Food and Drug Administration has already confirmed that the feeding of Pigrow to pigs and Tribio Flex to cattle affects the health, Rupang met with the Director of the Department. Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ms. W Papang, Director of Veterinary Department, said that it is not the responsibility of the department to look after this as it falls under the jurisdiction of the Foos Safety Department. “It is not for us to look after the meat, our duty is only to look after the health and not the meat that falls under the food list, which is under the Food Safety Department. " she said.
According to the Court, such illegal activities appear to be carried out by people from Assam.
At 9:30 am, I went to the house, they were gathered in one room all over the house and some of them were with their neighbours.
Ewanmidao Pyrtuh scored 19 runs from 16 balls.
Rev. Hispreachingson Shylla wrote a book entitled “The Seventy Months of Daniel”. He acknowledged that the birthday of Jesus Christ is on the 1st of October every year.
He said that they will continue to visit other places in the kingdom to showcase more beautiful places.
Rijo Christian Joseph, 26, of Ahmedabad, Gujarat and Sweety Sutnga, 22, of Lower Nongrim Hills were arrested in connection with the incident.
The incident happened on the night of November 30 at 10:30 pm, when the scoty he was driving collided with the back of the truck, which was parked at the place. and intended to land in Guwahati.
John Roberts, who received the title of “The Father of Khasi Literature”.
“Until the sentence is passed, the accused is still innocent.
Goalkeepers: Frolicson Dkhar (West Jaintia Hills), Kenio Lyngkhoi (East Khasi Hills), Defenders: Brolington Warlarpih (East Khasi Hills), Batskhem Tariang (West Jaintia Hills), Donborlang Nongkynrih (East Khasi Hills), Arnesius Marwein (U-21, East Khasi Hills), Mediphrangki Pohlong (U-21, West Jaintia Hills), Banpynkhrawnam Nongkhlaw (East Khasi Hills), Niawkorlang Kyndiah (West Jaintia Hills), Skhemthik Salahe (U-21, East Jaintia Hills ), Samuel Shadap (East Khasi Hills).
Christmas is the greatest holiday in the world, where all people know the value of this day and many celebrate it as a season.
The opening ceremony was accompanied by a song by the Samla of Kynshi Mawria and a traditional dance by the members of the SHG of Umthied Bynther.
She called upon all to join hands in the fight against this disease and expressed the hope that this disease will be eradicated with the leadership of the government. The National Strategic Plan (NSP) is not included in the National Strategic Plan.
Speaking on the coal industry, the HANM leader from Jaintia Hills, said, “In fact, the Supreme Court (SC) has already issued an order to the Meghalaya government. The MDA government has been blind and wants to smuggle coal to earn money. We want the government to pass laws and regulations to allow the people to mine coal according to the rules and regulations, so that the government's budget will also “We want a new government that can pass laws to bring about development,” he said, adding that as one of the leaders of the Sengbhalang, he wants a government that can also to enact laws to prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the State, as well as to enact laws to protect the land, as well as to protect He said that the people should no longer be forced or forced to vote. “It should be remembered that in the past three years, we have suffered a lot. Conrad Sangma, as the Prime Minister, I would like to remind you that the shooting death of Bah Cherish Thangkhiw, there was no reason for it, but under the leadership of Conrad Sangma as the Minister. Rangbah has taken his life, even though it is a special day of the country, on the 15th of July, there has been a riot, there has been a protest, what is the reason for this riot? “The election of leaders is in the hands of you the people, it should not be that now we will elect leaders and Tomorrow we will go out and carry pla cards on the streets, so we as the leader of the party, I send a message to all the people to please elect the leaders by those who work for the future of their children. kti, don't think only about the present,” said Bah Suchen.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Welterson Makri President of FKJGP Umling Circle, said that the FKJGP Umling Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the plight of the people living in the area. The area is only due to the failure to complete the footbridge.
It is a pleasure to say that this weapon has become a festival, a festival in which there is food, drink, water, music, and entertainment. painting.
If you don't do these things, what will happen to you? It is wrong to deceive by making family members, and family members.
Panaji: Ahead of the MLA elections in Goa, the Congress has a different idea to impose rules on its MLA candidates and that is that if they win, they should not join the party.
“I cried for about two hours,” said Kong Shabong.
Production increased from 7000 metric tonnes to 11,832 metric tonnes.
Shillong: Supporters of the BJP party on Tuesday gathered at Police Bazaar Khrui to welcome the Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his visit to Shillong to campaign for the BJP. At Police Bazaar, BJP supporters who were waiting for the Prime Minister from around Shillong were seen gathered at the venue.
He reflects our Khasi life along with the rights and freedoms from words and deeds to behavior.
Jesus prophesied to Israel, “For the days shall come upon thee, that thine enemies shall cast a trench about thee, and compass thee round, and keep thee in on every side, and they shall smite thee, and thy children within thee, in the midst of thee, and shall not leave in thee one stone upon another.
Some foods that can protect against excessive heat:Ka doi : Ka doi is one of the most beneficial foods in terms of stomach health and can be reduced the heat is not the heat.
Finally, the union urges the government to revise or pass a resolution regarding the Smart Town in Jowai as the results are low compared to Tura. Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla said that he should take action on this issue.
Last year, the State Government launched the Meghalaya State Organic and Natural Farming Policy
The Minister said that this order came after his visit to many villages in the past two months where he met with the elders of these villages including the Village Leaders, who used to speak beat the effects of drugs and the anxiety they have.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today met with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
A good teacher not only teaches but also instills the spirit of knowledge, empowerment and enrichment in life.
The loss of 70 children's lives due to the Indian measles drug has prompted the citizens of this country to send the government to take action on this issue. Those who died as a result of this incident were under 5 years old.
Nongpoh, July 12: About 10 candidates announced by the NPP today are candidates from other political parties including the Congress and TMC. Three children have lost their lives without thinking, after the skum kba where they were playing with the children suddenly caught fire and they lost their lives. they are not worthy of the light of the skum kba.
The meeting was attended by Congress Ministers, MLAs, MDCs and party office bearers to discuss the Lok Sabha elections.
Prof Shukla concluded his speech by urging the residents of Wahiajer and others to join hands for this good cause of building the Golden Jubilee Girls Hostel.
For example, we know very well that a group of Hindu religious leaders, who also receive support from the political parties, search, harass and torture other minorities without cause, without any basis, but we are still friends with and we do not dare to point out and stand against their violence.
The meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs was the first decision taken at the community meeting convened by Bah Ardent on the 6th of this month at Madan Student Shillong.
Shillong, July 7 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare and National People's Party (NPP) leader James PK Sangma has directed the Congress not to file chargesheet against the MDA government without any reason. which evidence is sufficient.
The CEM said that regarding the Clan Bill, the report prepared by the Special Committee headed by the Member of Parliament, Bah Bindo M Lanong talks about the existence of clan organizations and the registration of clans. and the taking of the tribes, and the writing of the tribes.
Similar things were done by the kings in ancient times in order to make a treaty with another Hima.
Shillong, Nailar : The Hynniewtrep Petroleum Workers' Union (HPWU) has elected its new office bearers at its general meeting held on July 29, 2023 at Mawlai Mawiong, Shillong.
Not only on the illegal stay of the Nepalis, but the HYC has also lodged a complaint with the Syiem, on the refusal of the Nepalis to invade the villages within the Raid, until they get completely. The opportunity to become a Rangbah Shnong, as happened in one of the villages in the Narbong, Byrnihat areas.
KHNAM President Pyndapbor Saiborn said that the ILP is still alive in the state under the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation Act 1873 and Mukul's statement is only an attempt to reconcile the people of the state.
“We don't see any intention to do this only to certain religions, this attempt to heal is among Hindus, religious teachers and Braddudin Ajmal himself is trying to do this, it is through this law that it will be banned. against all odds will be banned,” said Sarma.
Ephesians 5:15.
It is expected that the number will increase.
The IBSD is conducting this scheme to promote traditional medicine with herbal medicines. Under this scheme, the encouragement to plant Gaultheria fragrantissima and Swertia chirayita has been taken to the farmers' plantations to obtain you are a good seed.
A complaint was lodged on Tuesday and the Jowai Police Station is conducting investigation into the incident according to the rules of law.
They clean the sohphlang by placing the plank on the ground, and cover the box containing the sohphlang, then cover with white shyiap and cover the legs so that it does not break and stir the box slowly until the sohphlang will turn from stem to red and this is the part that requires the most time and energy.
SDO Water Resources Nangtiaki Tariang said the office has decided to prepare for this project in Pynthorneiñ by building wells on both sides to improve the flow of Wah Myntdu according to Phase-1 from Tyrshi Fall to Jingkieng and this construction method will be according to the new plans which will prevent the water from flowing into the rice fields.
Ferrando Lyngdoh Nonglait, son of Bah Hasting Lamare and Magdalyne Lyngdoh Nonglait, from Umsaitsning Ladmawrong, Ri Bhoi District, has completed his Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.
For the Non-NFSA rice, it will be distributed at the rate of 7.215 kg per household at the price set by the Vigilance Committee which shall not exceed Rs.14/- per kilo whether in urban or rural areas. .
The NESO congratulates the Chief Minister of Bihar Nitish Kumar and his JDU party for deciding to oppose the CAB in the National Executive Council. Shiv Sena, Congress (I), SP, BJD, TMC, DMK, SAD, NPP, AGP, TDP, BPF and others have opposed the CAB.
“If I have to go to jail just because I helped you, let me sit down and don't worry,” he added.
The Central Government on Tuesday extended the ban on the LTTE for another five years for its encouragement against the crimes of anti-government groups among many and to provide support to groups within the country, especially in Tamil Nadu, in addition to threats to sub-national sectors.
In fact, the 50% allocated by the court is from all the special allocations.
Gokhale asked the Minister to clarify whether there is any punishment in this regard and said, “The collapse of the Legislative Assembly has caused a huge loss. illegal association.
Surjewala and the Congress party have been demanded to apologize to the people of the state for the insult to the state, said a statement from Marcuise N Marak, spokesperson of the National People's Party (NPP). Shillong, Meghalaya.
The matches on Thursday will be between Newhill vs Azriel, DSE vs Ladthadlaboh, SASWJ vs Don Rua and Chutwakhu vs Kingsmen.
Ridahun Nongsiej took 3 wickets for 10 runs and Banrihun L Nongbri took 3 wickets for 15 runs.
Besides, the Chief Minister said that he has been in regular contact with the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sawma and also between the Chief Secretaries of the two states.
“If they say it's just a fish, but we won't give even an inch of our land to Assam because we came to join India under Section 7 of the Independent Act,” he said. said Mr. Sutnga.
The JYF and SBYWA have demanded that the DC should stop the UGO and immediately cancel all the new bills issued to these 5 villages. They don't use electricity especially in the rural areas because they don't have enough money to pay for electricity.
Date and time of Pre-bid meeting – 18/04/2022 at 14.00 hrs.
Of course, there are also allegations against this government such as illegal coal smuggling, illegal cattle smuggling to Bangladesh and so on.
On the other hand, the Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the market has changed dramatically.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 30: A house of Phlaisibon Puweiñ, resident of Siejlieh village, Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District, has been destroyed by a fire. don't be inside the house.
The Sohkha Mission Multipurpose Club will also award cash prizes to the winners where the winner will receive T.50,000, the second runner-up T.30,000 and the third runner-up T.20,0
She said that it is not to deceive the nation to destroy itself.
It only takes compassion to invite people who know the portfolio.
Only the composing and teaching brothers understand the problems of the composer.
He also urged the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Authorities to be careful when issuing NOC to any foreigner so that the business activities of foreigners will not affect the business of the owners. the owner of the country.
He said that the proposal to conduct the examination selection for the students who have been able to attend school for only two months has caused the students to be confused. The question to the teachers is where to start preparing books and the teachers don't understand where to start teaching.
We have Meghalaya in mind as one of the places that is planned to mine uranium,” Singh said.
“Although the state government has already passed a resolution on both these issues in the House, they have already met with the Union Home Minister from time to time.
"Send Gavin to buy some bleed," he said and she laughed.
We must rely on the decision of the party President Amit Shah, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Raghubar Das.
In his posts on 'X', the Home Minister said that this is a great achievement in fulfilling the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to have a strong economy. and a better future for the youth of the North East.
The Seng also found that the factory has violated the rules and regulations of the EIA 2006 in the production of Coke.
“The state government has led the state police to shame,” said the working president of the UDP. Bah Paul sent his condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in this incident.
Shillong, Lber, 03: Two MLAs of the HSPDP, Methodius Dkhar and Shakliar Warjri, have left their support to the NPP to form a government. The two leaders who have just won for the first time from Mawshynrut and Mawthadraishan Constituencies, have been shocked by the villages and townships.
Not only that, many farmers have difficulty in buying seeds, fertilizers and pay bills because they don't have enough organization.
The house of Champa Das Gupta in Rilbong was also closed down.
This increasing power outage has angered the people of Jaintia Hills and various political parties.
In Mawsynram on 10th July 1966, the rainfall in 24 hours was 717.6 mm according to the IMD. The total rainfall from 1974-2022 has been 11802 mm.
Rakkam A. Sangma said the launch of these books was scheduled to be held on the 16th of this month, but had to be postponed to that date due to the visit of the President of the country. India, Tura and Shillong.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the spread of the disease in the state is also due to the fact that people who stay at home do not follow the protocols. they are not left alone in the room and mix with relatives.
We have to face that this damage to the environment is not over.
According to the MNREGA Act, one household can earn 1000 days per year and they can earn 100 days by working together.
Although there are many church groups, there is no division or enmity among them.
“The Khasi and Garo people are the only ethnic groups in the region and they have their own language and script used in schools. colleges and up to universities, that is, up to the Ph.D.
Nongpoh, March 10: With the spirit of happiness and hope that the people of the border area under Raid Nongtung will continue to receive adequate services whether in peace and development or in various development projects, the Union of Rangbah Shnong Border The Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Raja Brahma, today welcomed and honored him after he was re-elected as the Border Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District. Block II of Raid Nongtung in Ri Bhoi District.
When we authorized the Vice Chairman and the team to lead them to the talks, the Government's lack of attention began to become apparent.
A police source on Thursday said that a resident of the city complained that on July 11, 2024 at about 1:48 am, he received a text through a “ Telegram Channel" in relation to money laundering.
“This peace assembly and rally held in Catholic schools in Garo Hills shows the power of unity and compassion.
Superintendent of Police (SP) Rituraj Ravi Said said, “We have arrested another fourth member on Saturday in connection with the bomb blast.
“In the past, we have faced the threat of demolition during the construction of the Durbar Shnong, but we have been able to prevent it. “We cannot refuse to pay money to the Assam Police, but it is sad to say here that all these people who have suffered, no one has supported us,” said one of the officials from the Assam Police. Honorable Head.
“Conrad should show by his actions how much he opposes the Citizenship Bill and should convene a special session to take a firm decision on this,” said the President of FKJGP. Conrad should have opposed the Bill in order to make the Indian government more aware.
“We have also urged the Rangbah Shnongs not to allow any candidate who tries to mislead the voters by drinking alcohol and other activities that are not in accordance with the society,” he said. added A.Lypon.
The child was listening to music and set fire to her phone.
The EJNC-KWU has urged the DMHO to expedite the inspection for the benefit of the residents of Khliehriat West.
A book written by Adlyne Mary Khonglam was also released.
Regarding the inability of the Union to accept the hearing, the Executive Committee praised the wisdom of the Union because it is true that if a public hearing was held between Bah HS Shylla, Ex-MLA and Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, MLA, who were also both EX-CEMs of KHADC and especially on these four issues.
The team rescued the snake and brought it to its office.
“Even the rich are complaining about the increase in the price of beverages and these days, a song of rice has reached T.1500 per song but yesterday it has increased to T.1800 to T.2000 per song (50kg). )", said Saleng.
Announcing this to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said that the police department has minor tasks such as maintenance of buildings, but when there is no Even if they need to be repaired, they have to go through other departments.
Speaking to reporters, AL Hek said the government has worked hard to curb the spread of the disease.
Nature, therefore, never fails to renew itself every year in October.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJWA) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the government's failure to curb the illegal smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh. you have sold your thied in this state.
RC Laloo to urge the government to appoint Bah PS Dkhar as DC of West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20 : The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr. WR Kharlukhi on Saturday said that if Dr. Mukul Sangma and his party leave the TMC, they will leave the TMC. as if they left the Congress to join another party because of the seat.
Speaking to the teachers, they said that even the needs of the students have to be met by the teachers.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said it has been sent to the Shillong Municipal Board and the Urban Development Department to verify whether it is right or wrong.
A Libyan court has sentenced 23 people and 14 others to life imprisonment for involvement in Islamic State (IS) activities, including beheading the capture of the city of Sirte in
He also urged the SHGs to work hard and pay the loans properly and to take this gift from the government today as a seed and BA will continue to grow this seed.
He said that for Bah Balajied Kupar Synrem, who won the mid-term elections, the government will use his talents and knowledge for the benefit of the people and victory. Most of all, it speaks volumes about the trust of the people in this man.
Referring to the northern parts of Khasi-Jaintia, this is the way the MDA government has demarcated the new border which has caused confusion everywhere along the border with Assam.
In the final, Mawshynrut Cricket Association beat Starway by 32 runs.
He said that the industry has changed and become more complex due to the growth of information technology in recent years which has led to the need to think again and introduce new ways of working and activities.
The BJP leaders said that the cooperation between them will bring many benefits to the people.
The man was identified as Bah Bhalang Laso (40) from Nongjri on the Bangladesh border and according to police, it is highly suspected that the people involved in the murder were Khar Bangladeshis.
Shillong: On the 18th July 2022, the residents of Pynursla constituency witnessed the visit of His Excellency Mr. CHANG Jae-bok and his wife Mrs. GU Jung-Hyun, to Dr. APJ Abdul has planted a tree at the Memorial Herbal Garden at Wah Daeng Rod on the property of the owner of the farm, Pynter.
Heavy rainfall on Tuesday night has damaged hundreds of houses in different districts of the state.
“We are very grateful to the Lord who has blessed the people of the State and those who have contracted this disease are only a few unlike other States,” said Bah Seibor.
Referring to the meeting, the Laban Village Council recalled many of the works that Bah Sanbor Shullai has done since he was not their leader, and they also reminded that he was one of the greatest football players. He was born at Red Cross, Laban in 1966 and has contributed many things to Laban village through his glory to the village since the time of his death. that he was a young man through sports and community activities.
Speaking to reporters, one of the residents of Shella, Bah Pynkmen Sanmiet, said that the residents of Shella who live in Shillong support the people who are against the 14/15 people who caused trouble in the village. .
This will be a way to meet the needs of the people, whether it is in terms of respecting the fundamental rights of those who have not yet received TIKA or to deliver TIKA to those who wish to receive it. .
The roads, which are the source of development, have become increasingly crowded.
The attempts of some to spread the voice of the people after the elections in this regard will only lead to defeat and shame,” said Dr Batskhem. “They have come forward to demand the change of this system which is slow in many ways but they have forgotten that they have become leaders in various parties,” he added.
These stories of miracles cannot be taken at face value, but we must read them and understand the time and age in which these stories were written.
India have been boosted by the return of the team's paten, Sunil Chhetri, who has missed all the friendlies for India in recent months due to a knee injury.
The meeting was also attended by Bah Rayonald Kharkhamni, General Secretary of the UDP in Ri Bhoi, party workers and thousands of UDP supporters. There are 3 Sub-Circles.
If you don't take care, God will help you.
He said that people can suffer from depression or mental illness just because of insults, insults, insults from people or relatives.
The Minister of Agriculture, Mizoram, C.Lalrinsanga this month informed the Legislative Assembly that the state government has taken special measures for the trade and Bird's eye chillies have been exported to the United States for the first time.
