In a statement, HYC Raid Nongtung Circle President Hercules Suting and Shemphang Masharing Secretary said that the people have been suffering for decades due to the deterioration of the road from Liarbang to Mawlasnai. Mawhati Constituency which has affected the traffic of the people since the development and especially in the case of illness that even ambulances refuse to go to these areas due to the poor condition of the road.
“Defeat is the key to victory to work better,” Mondal recalled the encouraging speech of PA Sangma which led him to contest the election again and win.
The chief guest on the occasion was Ailad Kynta, one of the most famous football players of the state. The students of the schools that competed in the finals came to witness and encourage.
At the same time, the JHADC has proposed to increase from 30 to 34 members, of whom 30 members will be elected by the people and four members will be appointed.
Police have arrested him while he was trying to sell the drugs to people who were waiting to meet them at the place, who fled as soon as they saw the police.
Umpling village has 2300 households and produces about 5 tonnes of garbage daily of which 40 percent is biodegradable, 10 percent is reusable and 40 percent is reusable. it is recyclable.
Speaking to the media after observing the progress of the ongoing programs under his ministry, Tudu said the Ministry Officers showed the details about the implementation and achievements under various schemes such as the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM), the Swachh Bharat Mission (SBM) and the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana (PMKSY).
He said the Meghalaya Games is one of the biggest sports events in the state, and he blessed all the athletes who will take part in this tournament.
“We are grateful for the contribution made by these non-Khasi people for the State and that they also need protection and the party will also ensure the protection measures for the benefit of the people. but at the same time we have to protect the State from those who are illegal.
In the 2023 election, Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency will be the most fiercely contested of all the constituencies, as there are two former MLAs who will contest against the sitting MLA. Francis Pondit R. Sangma, former MLA of Mawshynrut, who cannot contest from the TMC, against Kimfa S. Marbaniang, MLA of the Congress. He said that he will soon join the NPP and contest from the same party.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Sohra Government College is an old college which was established in 1982, but at present the building of the college is dilapidated and does not have adequate rooms. to classify the students according to the present era.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal on Friday rejected the Zero Hour Notice issued by NPP MLA James K Sangma regarding the rape of sisters. in the state of West Bengal.
“The NPP has won many MDCs and has the right to win the Chief Executive Member (CEM) seat and the UDP has the Dy CEM seat,” he said.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has left for Shella to campaign for the UDP candidate Balajiedkupar Synrem.
He said that until now there are no scientists to ensure that uranium does not affect the health of people and the environment, and urged the government not to allow this. Central Government plans to mine uranium.
Appreciating the efforts of the Chief Minister and the Chief Minister of Assam to resolve the border issue, a MOU was signed on 29th October 2022 in the presence of Defense Minister Amit Shah.
Mukesh Ray took five wickets while Arbin Singh took four wickets for Meghalaya.
"The election for the new Speaker of the Legislative Assembly will be held on Friday, 09th.
After these plants began to decline and become extinct and difficult to obtain due to human deforestation and also due to the increase in cultivation, farmers had to cultivate them. forest and to burn the trees and branches so that the soil will be fertile, now they have started to plant these medicinal plants in their own areas.
In a statement sent by Samla Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem, Publicity Secretary of the Seng, the protest will be held on the 25th of this month from 10 am to 4 pm.
In its special session held today.
This food is known as the food of the lyer or the food of the rngai ! Where does this broad daylight robbery lead? How long will the budlum be able to support the income of the State when the 'liewlep' and 'liewkharai' are throwing and throwing him from the right and left every time he enters the market? ?The budlum that supports the body of us human beings is not strong and does not stand like those pillars or lamp posts.
After Amini's death, many Iranians threw and burned the dress on their heads, out of anger at the violence of law enforcement agencies in the country, especially by power and control have power over women in many ways.
Shim drinks the tea.
"“However, with proper planning for immediate road maintenance, this public intervention can reduce and end all problems.
While Bah Omega was on his way home alone, he was abducted by these robbers and killed at Pomlum View Point while his body was buried near the Umïam River.
Paiem Latho said this after opening a meeting at the CEM's office in KHADC. According to Paiem Latho, the former ECs in the past, did not work like this EC. that now especially to focus and focus on the market.
In Jowai, the DSO office will conduct training on prevention and fight against drugs, nutrition and mental health.
“It is sad that an 84 year old man has tested positive for COVID-19 after a random test at Tikrikilla and was admitted to TCH Covid ward on 18th July. , I passed away last night.
Shillong: The BJP has launched a program to collect the views of the people of the state which will be included in the party's agenda for the upcoming MP elections.
In Dharavi, Mumbai, 44 new cases have been reported and 56 people have died.
The Rules only state that it shall be the duty of the Organizers to ensure that the participants are over 18 years of age.
A nun has been fired in Kerala for taking part in a protest against Bishop Franco Mulakkal, who is accused of raping nuns. the State.
In 1991, he took part in the Sesquicentennial Jubilee Service of the Presbyterian Church in Khasi Jaintia on behalf of the Ri Lyngngam Presbytery which was the first out of 22 churches. Presbyteries under the teaching of Prof. Pastor K. Langrin.
The Earth is god, the Sky is god, the Water is god.
According to Dr. Isaac Syiem, a 50-year-old woman came to inform him on the 25th of July and earlier she had gone to other hospitals. Doctor but she was sent to come to him.
The Afforestation Scheme 2022-23 was launched on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the State and the 75th Anniversary of India's Azadi Amrit Mahotsav. which is the planting program.
Shillong: The President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, has been on strike for six days or 128 hours to force the government to revise the reservation policy.
I don't know why, but I think it's because I don't win the mylliem.
JOWAI: The Dorbar Shnong Sohmyntiing has warned against the traders or smugglers of cows who smuggle dead cows within the boundary of the village.
However, the NGT has made it clear that if the mining is done without damaging and polluting the environment, it is allowed.
?" asked the Mother with an inexplicable surprise.
He said that he has ordered the SP to leave the hospital to ensure that there will be no problem.
Shillong, March 01 : U BJP MDC from Tura, Bernard N Marak on Tuesday urged the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to work together to improve the working methods so that the The poor households shall receive the full benefits of the schemes of the Central Government regardless of their political affiliation.
“The presence of this school in the first area will help not only this village but the neighboring villages as well,” said Justine.
Other programs include lectures by scientists from the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), North Eastern Space Applications Center (NESAC) which will be accompanied by lectures from their own. State intellectuals such as Rtd Proff.
When the Rangbah Dong submitted the applications of the youths to apply for jobs, the salary was only T.4-5 thousand.
It is here that the time will come when the world will no longer need the light of the sun or the moon or the stars, and the light of the world will be the light of God and the Son of God, Jesus Christ.
The court also confirmed and sentenced the man to three years, five months and 26 days in jail. She also imposed a fine of T.10,000 on him and if he fails to pay the fine, he will have to spend more than three months in jail.
“We are working with a vision to make Meghalaya one of the 10 prominent states in India and in the next 10 years through the right measures and policies the state will grow steadily in many aspects," he said.
On the same day, 77 people joined the party as new members.
How can this news be published? Why don't you have more important news?
However, besides the Congress candidate whose name the party will announce soon, another candidate whose name has been announced by the media is Conrad Sangma, son of Purno A Sangma MP. of Torah.
Reports said that if the company continues to suffer losses like this, it will soon have to close down.
It is for this reason that the two governments have found it difficult to resolve the border dispute which has been going on for more than 50 years in the Langpih area.
He said that in these 1,266 centers which have been upgraded to main anganwadi centres, one more employee and assistant will have to be appointed and the salary has been increased to T.4,500 per month. .2,250.
Speaking on the Youth Festival, Bah DP Wahlang said that the Festivals are an important part of the Youth Festival. which they can demonstrate or demonstrate the skills they have.
It is for this reason that the preparation for this great task, which is the life and death of the people of the State for the next five years.
Apart from the Hima and Dorbar Shnongs, the leaders of the District Councils are elected from among the candidates nominated by the Hima political parties and it is here that there is a terrible conflict that can destroy or destroy the fundamental foundation of governance. Khadar, the collective responsibility of the Cabinet.
All these three are from Sabahmuswang.
Regarding the demand for Government College in Ri Bhoi, the union has taken the initiative to seek RTI from the Education Department, where the union has received proof that as of now all the districts in the state, There have been Government Colleges, but only Ri Bhoi has not received them yet.
“Of all the Hindu religious parties, the RSS (Rashtriya Swayamsevak Samaj) is one of the hardest working groups and has been able to run the whole process quickly.
The government's attempt to teach online schools has brought another problem to the students living in the rural areas, as the networks to communicate are not good how else can they attend classes.
Tomorrow, Lumpariat will play against Dongmihsngi at 3.00 pm.
Kynsai said the preparations have started since 2013 after the Presbyterian announced that the Synod service will be held in Smit and as soon as the announcement was made, the church authorities came to inform. to the village and since then they have started to struggle to enter government offices and other relief facilities.
“These 30 persons are still applying from 24th to 2nd November this year,” said the Secretary of MUDA. kaMUDA within the past month.
“At the meeting held on the 25th of last month, MSSASA has decided that if the State Government cannot implement the demands by the 15th of this month, we will hold a strike. MSSASA President Aristotle Rymbai said in a statement sent to the media on Friday that the MDA Government has been silent on the SSA teachers.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah FR Kharkongor congratulated the students who have completed their degrees and urged them to continue to work hard in any field of study.
After the opening and blessing of this beautiful Dewbilat Church, a Mass Eucharist was held, which was part of the thanksgiving to God that through the generosity of Kong Bilet Tariang, this church has been able to achieve this goal. This church is one of the largest and most beautiful churches in the Parish of Mowkyndeng.
All the government can do is to provide them with quarters while they are working with the government, said the Jaiaw MDC who is also the EM of KHADC and President of the UDP Shillong City.
Seidman identifies three key characteristics of human-conscious leadership.
However, you don't have to worry about your name.
Speaking to media, R Chandranathan said that after receiving evidence, Cheristerfield Thangkhiew was involved in the IED blast in Laitumkhrah and the blast in Khliehriat.
The two Prime Ministers flew by helicopter to Langpih and the residents were surprised to see the sky and perhaps they were forced to believe that the issue of border settlement will fall like a manna from heaven. .
Freddy Jyrwa from our state has reached the final of the third round of the United We Play trials which was held in Mumbai where he along with three others won the title. got a once in a lifetime opportunity to visit Manchester this year.
Regarding the destruction of the bridge, former Sordar Shnong of Mawthungkper, Bah Korne Kharbani, said that dozens of vehicles including trucks pass through the bridge every day. , buses and taxis and when they pass by, the bridge shakes like it is about to collapse.
The lyrics of the song convey the emotion and anxiety, which is about the beginning of a new chapter in life, especially the leaving all the important things at home.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, another member of the National League for Democracy (NLD) said that the support of Bah Ardent is not for the VPP but for the people. .
While I was praying for my mother, my 10-month-old son, I touched him on the head, I slapped him and said, shish u bymman, then I realized that it was the evil spirit who led him. I don't want to be like that.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Unitarian Church today celebrated its 136th Anniversary by holding services in various churches in the state.
After receiving detailed information from the drug dealers, the KSU NEHU Unit and NEHUSU have launched a raid today to arrest the drug dealers.
When there is love, the relationship and unity between parents and children is strong.
Besides, he also started to abuse women and children.
Shillong, March 15: Four programs will be completed by President Pranab Mukherjee during his two-day visit to the state on 21st March.
She said that earlier, her parents had given the land to these people, but even when they took over the land, they didn't pay the rent properly. join.
Shillong, Nailar 08: U BJP Meghalaya leader Nahlin Kohli on Saturday called a meeting with all religious leaders in the state to discuss and express their concerns. and doubts about the BJP after it has been accused of being religious.
“We will examine their answer, we will take a decision, we will hold a special meeting soon on this,” said the General Secretary of the UDP. The MDCs in the district councils have left the party.
"After that he slept again and slept really well until his brother woke up and then he got up...When it was time to go to work he left home and went to wait for a taxi as usual.
Sohjew is known to be rich in Vitamin C, fiber and other compounds which are very beneficial for the health of the body.
Many of the villages have to travel by car about 110 kms to Mawkyrwat. This will affect the people. Besides, the road is long and the fare has been very high. People who come to the offices in Mawkyrwat cannot complete their work in one day, not only that, there are times when they cannot even meet with government employees. Therefore, the establishment of this camp office in Nonghyllam village will help the villages and the people who come to the offices so that they don't have to come to Mawkyrwat but they can complete their work. only here in Nonghyllam you have found them.
This difference in the salary of teachers who teach in the same school has caused a lot of frustration among hundreds of teachers in the State.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Kong Santa urged the residents to make good use of this project to raise awareness among the people that such a project is available in the village and will help to improve the fish market. to bring benefits to the economy.
Shillong, March 04: The Sordar of Diengpasoh Village, Bah Gordon Wahlang, has alleged that he has auctioned the land to the police department for the construction of a police station in the village. 2 acres free of charge.
JOWAI: Hynniewtrep Youth Party (WJHD) has filed its nomination papers for the MDC election in JHADC.
Railway tracks, rolling stock, signals, interlocking systems, etc. were also inspected.
The Court also directed the Home Department and the Director General of Police to take action on the order.
The seventh goal of the match was scored by Jidalin Tympuin in the second half to finish the match 6-0
Leading by 294 runs in the first innings, Bihar set a target of 459 runs for Meghalaya to win.
According to the Minister of PHE, Marcuise N Marak, the demand from the Hima Mawphlang has increased despite the government's readiness to provide employment to about 20 residents of the area.
From the CHC, the police chief was taken to GNRC Hospital in Guwahati where he died.
“I fought in Kargil, but when I came home, after retirement, I found that what happened here is not much better than what happened in Kargil,” he said. shisha is a soldier.
“I have received complaints that the accommodation, toilets, sums and even food are not enough for the athletes of the Meghalaya Games.
In the first leg, Khliehmyntdu Neinchnong beat Kseh Sylle Ïalong 1-0
The exact history of this struggle cannot be given here in this short article.
Those who are watching from abroad will have to wait until Saturday when the polling stations will be opened at the State Central Library, Shillong.
Therefore, we have come forward to condemn such acts,” said Kharkrang.
However, now that the government has been formed, the UDP which criticizes us has come to work with this government.
Looking back at the state of our state and the Khaddar system, we find many shortcomings.
Youngest Boys FC scored the first goal in the 22nd minute through Donal K.Kharai wearing jersey No.
Former Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang has left the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) a few months after joining the party. MLA 2023 is in the shape of a lotus.
In the middle of the minutes, the strength of the two teams increased and many chances were missed.
Jeremiah Dkhar, President of HYC Maweit Circle, in a statement, demanded that the government should take immediate action regarding the payment of the employees of these 11 PHCs. They have worked and served the people for 8 months without pay.
The 2022-23 season, which is the top women's league, has 16 teams divided into two groups.
At that time there was no system of government for the election of legislators.
“If you don't sting your mind, it's better that you leave early or tomorrow,” said Banrilang.
“This shows clearly that the authorities have violated the rules of the peace talks,” said HNLC General Secretary Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw who is also Publicity Secretary in a statement. send it to the media.
Shillong: U Bah Pratlynti Rynjah (35) of Laitlyngkot, a pork seller in Umsohsun, was injured when he was stabbed in the head while sitting in his meat shop. .
He said that in these days the school has grown rapidly and the number of students has reached more than 700 students.
These foreigners are from Assam, who tried to enter Shillong without proper documents, which has prompted the union to investigate where they went and who sent them to come. shane, said the Comforter.
The increased number of troops patrolling the bunkers, if confirmed, is clearly understood to indicate that Putin may have been preparing for the use of nuclear weapons.
In an order, the Government of India has directed that those who visit places of worship should wash their feet and hands with soap before entering places of worship.
In his speech, he said, “I used to say that when we elect a Rangbah Shnong, you elect a blind Rangbah Shnong, right? do you choose the right one? I don't choose the dumb, I don't choose the dumb, I don't choose the dumb, why don't you choose the blind, the dumb, the dumb? The reason is that he has a physical disability and we know that he cannot control himself, that is the same thing”.
“Our government has put health first and one of the strongest pillars of health are the thousands of ASHA workers across the state.
He said the UDP is not like the Congress or the national parties which implement any decision without listening to the voice of the members on the basis of discipline.
Shillong, Lber 13 : U Congress Leader and MP from Meghalaya, Vincent H Pala on Tuesday alleged that the MDA government led by the NPP is acting like a gang of robbers. It is for this reason that the armed groups will also be willing to take advantage.
The MDA led by Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today met with Defense Minister Amit Shah to discuss the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state. it was decided by the House of Representatives.
“I have counted how many votes I need from each constituency to win the MP election, and from where there are MLAs, if I give only 10,000 votes, it is enough. “If we have 8,000 votes, we will get 3.20 lakh or 3.25 lakh votes,” she said.
Noel Dkhar scored the own goal for Mukhla Raij SC in the 16th minute to score the first goal of the match between Mukhla Raij SC and Nangbah Mulang. Timmy Ryngkhlem scored three goals in the 20th, 90th and 90th minutes and Diya Singh in the 88th minute.
After a while, Assam Rifles managed to score again, but in the 21st minute, MLP managed to turn the tide through Chesterfield Nongdhar.
In Commerce, Rishab Purkayastha of LBBHSS with 484 marks came first, while Akshat Poddar of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong came first. second place (478 marks).
She is of Garo ethnicity and is fluent in Hindi, Nepali, Manipuri and Assamese.
The History of the National Unity Day was read by Phiralynn Kharkongor, one of the Assistant Professors of the University.
At first the spies urged Nehemiah to think about this miracle, but the intention was to destroy it.
The world is your platform and you should use it.
Shillong, March 04 : The Minister of Soil and Water Conservation, Government of Meghalaya, Bah Hamlet Dohling on Tuesday said that in many places even after three years of installation of soil and water conservation, Most of the time, the work has not started but in Mylliem, it is markhongpong.
Lyngdoh said that there are about 10 bridges in the same area but the tallest is this one and the people don't use it to walk on this bridge. shorter.
He said that after a thorough study of the matter, it was found that what is needed is to find out how to establish a law or the need for the KHSRA on the basis of Meghalaya Town and The Country Planning Act 1973 has decided that the areas under the ADCs which are now many have increased in population and the need for the KHSRA has been established. After a thorough discussion within the EC, the Chairman, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, EM in charge of Building Bye Laws, was announced on the 8th of this month. Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today told the media, He said that if anyone does not agree with the explanation of the state government regarding the expenditure in the fight against COVID-19, they can request RTI. He said that many of the expenditures are for the strengthening of health facilities in all districts of the state and these are not only for the COVID-19 pandemic, but are necessary and these are also included in the expenditure on COVID-1
Karnataka had tied for 10 hours before noon and managed to score without losing a wicket.
When asked how much profit you would make if you sold a dead pig, they replied that if we could sell the smallest pig they could earn, it would be about 25 thousand one pig.
These victories show the cooperation between the law enforcement agencies and the people,” said Sangma at Round X. Meghalaya has been freed from the drug trafficking.
Samla Calvin Thongni, Leader of the KSU, RIST-USTM Unit, expressed his deep sorrow over the incident ha Mukhroh, in which up to 5 Khasi have lost their lives. Assam Police have been arrested.
He said that the members of the Managing Committee have been informed of this unexpected and unfortunate incident and are working with the Jesuit authorities to arrange an acceptable course of action. understand.
Therefore, the KSU Huroi unit has immediately demanded that the government and the district authorities should immediately relocate them, as the KSU Huroi unit cannot just watch what these government officials have done for a long time. sha you for.
So, people should feel reassured that any concerns about mobile towers are unfounded.
Dr. Bansod also urged the parents and the public to support and love the sick as the treatment is now available in India and the world as a whole.
After the shooting, the robbers drove the bus to Guwahati.
The UDISE+, which collects online data from schools, was developed by the Department of School Education & Literacy in 2018-19 to address the problems related to the old written data collection method.
Registration for 2nd and 3rd Division will be on 17th November while for 1st and Super Division will be on 3rd July
At this pageant, among the hundreds of virgins, the king saw and fell in love with Esther, Mordecai's sister-in-law.
Nongpoh, March 12: An earthquake measuring 7.1 on the Richter scale has struck Nongpoh today, prompting the district authorities to sound a siren to alert the people. St. Paul's HSS School, Petrol Pump and a factory in Bynrihat also caused serious injuries in a state level mock drill conducted by the Meghalaya State Disaster Management Authority. in collaboration with the District Disaster Management Authority, Ri-Bhoi District.
Ibapynhun Wahlang, Mid-Level Health Provider (MLHP) working at Umyiap Sub-Centre, West Khasi Hills, which looks after about 4,800 residents, most of whom are day laborers and farmers, said: He said that the residents have to travel 15-20 kilometers and also spend 500 to 1000 tyngka per trip just to reach the nearest clinic doctor or hospital.
Therefore, it is important to include pylleng in your daily diet as it can be beneficial in strengthening and strengthening the bones and muscles.
Look now, Nia has come to tell me that I have to go to Thanat, for the purpose of being questioned, and tomorrow I will have to accompany her.
Among the four robbers who have been convicted by the court, some of them involved in murder, attempted murder, attempted rape of women have been sentenced, Daniel Syiemiong, who was murdered. 302 IPC and 201 IPC, in which he was sentenced to life imprisonment, along with a fine. 40,000 thousand.
Before you put a stick; As a nation we must remember that humanity is the budlum and justice is the crown.
The women’s toilets are nice and clean.
Speaking to reporters, Tylli said that the Mawsynram Hima has not accepted the Village Administration Bill and wants the post of Rangbah Shnong to be according to the custom since ancient times. The council and the government should recognize that custom through their legislation.
At 3:15 pm, he noticed that someone was turning his car and thought that it was his brothers or family members who were driving.
“I think her name is James but the name 'James Bond' should be given to the Prime Minister accompanied by female policemen.
He said that the leaders of both the political parties have stressed on the need to work together on various issues related to the problems in the state.
Meanwhile, the BJP has given the ticket from North Shillong to retired police chief Maryahom Kharkrang and has rejected Michael Kharsyntiew.
Bhalang was afraid to know why.
Scientist), Dr.Vanlalruati (Scientist), Dr.M.Bilashini Devi (Scientist), Dr.H.Rymbai (Scientist), Dr.S.R.Assumi (Scientist) and Dr.S.Hazarika (Principal Scientist & Head).
This is a terrible waste of money because of how a newly completed office building will burn down.
It is learned that the Congress has gathered a lot of information about Bah Rining and found that he has a close relationship with the people of Mawkynrew area, and who has been involved in many activities related to the Mawkynrew area. economic and social development within the region.
They congratulated the PDF party and the MLAs for their progress in the party.
On the other hand, the participants and teachers from various schools in East Khasi Hills District expressed their gratitude to the RBI for organizing this information session.
The protest continued until today, 29th June.
The Council has 30 members, and elections have been held in 28 constituencies and two members will be elected by the Governor on the recommendation of the State Government.
It is also said that there were some Khasi who had learned to read and write who were a blessing to Thomas Jones in teaching and learning the Khasi language.
The dedication to the Father is one of the parts of the Khasi brothers and sisters who used to be very free in the past.
D.Vijay Kumar IAS, Registrar of Meghalaya Village Tourist Promotion and Development Society, Meghalaya, has been very impressed by the speech of D.Vijay Kumar IAS. He said that this is a memorable day in the history of Meghalaya when the villagers were empowered to save themselves.
Shillong: Police on Tuesday recovered the body of an 18-year-old girl from Marbisu village, Phibankyntiew Sun.
There are 4 villages in East Garo Hills district including Rongjeng Bazaar, Songsak, Dobu and William Nagar.
Earlier, the Public Information Officer (PIO) of the Ministry of Education, in response to an RTI request by Agnes Kharshiing, said that he does not know where the report is and where it was submitted. the report.
Office bearers of HNYF Ladrymbai Unit: President- Jrem Surong Vice-president- Formi Dkhar General Secretary- Risut Shylla Assistant secretary- Justin Phawa Education secretary- Robin Shylla Sport secretary- Daniel Nongrum Publicity secretary- Bung Lathong Organizing Office secretary- Iaineh secretary-Pasle Members include Sei Langstang, Dominic Spuh, Blison Rymbai, RomeoLamin & Emlad Suiam.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The President of the Meghalaya Lower Primary School Teachers Association (MGLPSCTA) on Saturday said that the association of contract teachers strongly condemns the statement of the Minister of State for Education. Education Department, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Government of Meghalaya, said that this is just a misrepresentation.
The Barato Pyllun Truck Owners Association (BTPFSPOA) has expressed its gratitude to the Mowkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh and the office of the Executive Engineer PWD North Division Jowai for the construction of the Rymphum Bridge near La Myntang Village.
It is learned that in this small pond near the road from Jarain to Amlarem, children used to swim and swim.
In India, there is no such rule or practice, except for Dr Neelam Sanjiva Reddy who resigned from the party after being elected as the Speaker and insisted that the Speaker should long be free.
They were reportedly hunting in the area, but were abducted by Chinese PLA troops.
Speaking to reporters, Bah P.Nongshlong, Sordar of Mawïamsyiem Village, said that the Assam government officials without informing the District Administration of West Khasi Hills. and malicious intent.
He said that the BJP in New Delhi has created a way to invite leaders from other parties to contest from the BJP, and the goal is that whoever has the hope of winning, the BJP will win. used in elections only to defame the Congress.
Peter Lalor, one of Australia's leading cricket writers, had to pay for the beer, worth Rs 71 lakh, at the Malmaison Hotel in Manchester.
However, in such difficult times, there is hope and I am confident that this will strengthen us physically and spiritually, and mentally to be better prepared for the future,” said the Minister of Education. The State Government in a statement sent today.
He said the traffic jam is because there are only two lanes running from the same road, one down and one up, but if there are four lanes, two lanes will go up and two lanes will go down.
Speaking to reporters, he said the media is the first to receive information if there is any incident as it appeared on a channel that he has written to the AICC to release him. The BJP wants to overthrow the Congress government in Meghalaya.
The funeral service will be held on the 7th June 2021 at 1 pm from his residence in Pohkseh North Block 2 (opposite Madan Lumshngaiñ Rynjah) at the Catholic Cemetery in Nongthymmai.
On the decision of the government, the Working President of the UDP and former MLA of Malki-Nongthymmai, Bah Bindo M Lanong, said that the decision of the government will only raise the status of the villages.
In his short speech, Australian Olympian Ian Cambell expressed his gratitude to the government for opening up this opportunity to select or promote the best talent in the world. by saying that through the implementation of these modern tools, happy people will be able to achieve without any bias or error.
It is not yet known which party the lawyer will contest from, but it has been confirmed by his followers that he will contest the mid-term MDC elections.
Leaders who have the spirit of selfishness are not yet leaders to serve the people.
It was also observed that many other farmers of the village are maintaining social distancing when they are in their farms and also other rules related to Covid-1
The Presidential election will be held on 18th November and the re-polling will be held on 21st November
If you have any questions, please send us a cl, mscl or txt.
The question here is – will Meghalaya, which has District Councils established under the 6th Schedule of the Constitution, no longer have authority over the forests? And if they still want to hold that power, whether they have appealed against this new Act because if this Act is implemented, the District Councils will no longer be able to stop the plans of the Central Government.
Expressing the need to raise awareness on the rules on receipt of stolen goods, the HYC President said, “Section 317 of the Indian Penal Code, 2023 , which will come into force on May 1, 2024 contains provisions against anyone purchasing stolen property.
The decision taken by the Government of Meghalaya to lock down from 25th October, 2020 until further notice has put the workforce in a state of shock and surprise at first. Many churches, but gradually we see that many churches understand even in the midst of many challenges, the path taken by the Government as a precautionary measure to prevent the spread of this disease.
Tourists from India and abroad, have prepared their eyes once again to celebrate this festival of nature and others with the names of musicians and factory and film.
to set a target to select at least 10 young men and women every year to pass the JEE and UPSC (Civil Service) Examination.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 272 cases.
This happened while he was sitting with the women on the road, so the women, seeing this unjust exploitation, shocked him and finally the police had to stop him and walk away.
“That's why I've been so angry with my mother that she doesn't even tell me who her father is,” said the mother.
Regarding the number of valleys in these villages, according to information received by Mawphor, there are more than 5 valleys in Rangad and more than 5 valleys in Mutong, u Waheh said. Rangad Village, Bah Damon Lamo said that there are more valleys besides these four which the Waheh Shnong is also looking for to collect the names of the valleys inside the village. To date, the valleys that have been named include Umbyrleiñ Valley, Lakyrding Valley, Siej Tymmen Valley, Tdem Valley and Tangnoob Valley.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 4: The agreement between the two Chief Ministers on the social boundary settlement, without consulting the Hima rulers whether they are Syiems or Sirdarships, has been a major cause of conflict. said Bah B.Nianglang, Sirdar of Nonglang Sirdarship Hima.
Shillong: The Madonna Diversity Cultural and Modern Society (MSO) will hold an audition in Shillong opposite the Secretariat from 11:00 am to 4:00 pm. The audition fee of Rs.500/- will be held on the 15th of this month. Those from Nongstoin, Nongpoh, Mairang can come on this day for the audition at Khliehriat and Jowai. jowai on the 22nd of this month and on the 17th at Shangpung Mawlibang and on the 16th at Mookaiaw. Rs.50,000/- and the third Rs.30,000/-.
Dr. Homiwell Lyngdoh Nonglait in his book 'Niam Khasi' said that the name Khasi includes all the Khasi, Pnar, War, Maram, Khynriam, Bhoi and Lyngngam.
It is important to understand the choice of foods that build the body.
However, it is encouraging for the students that they don't know why their results have been delayed, and why they have been denied the opportunity to apply for the Master Degree when the results have not yet been received.
Until now, the KHADC has not issued the NOC because there are no demands and there are no objections.
Efty tied for 230/6 in 35 overs.
" said the father.
Jowai, Nailur, 10: Three friends from Mooshrot village on Saturday donated 20 byrni of dewbilat to a school for the construction of a new school at Mooluber village, West Jaintia Hills District. Block-1.
He said that there were four stones that fell on the house.
According to this order, night schools will be held as usual.
I've thied and I've got a new one.
She said that there are also supporters of the Congress party who do not like their candidate to support her, but the President of the Congress party from Nongstoin Block said that there may be only supporters of the Congress party. He said that at the meeting on Saturday, he urged all the supporters of Fenella to support the candidate of Fenella. to Congress.
July 19, 2020: Punjab vs Mizoram.
Despite the efforts of the family members to free the vehicle, many other vehicles could not move from the blockage, which also resulted in the flooding of thousands of rawon and civilians on the road.
Prestone said that before handing over the bodies to the family members, the hospitals have already followed the protocols related to the deaths.
The MP did not support the Congress MLA or MDC candidate.
There are many things that our eyes cannot see and that we cannot know behind these events and therefore we must stand together, protest and demand that the truth should be revealed. and robbery, murder, and bloodshed shall cease for ever.
He said he could not comment on the matter as the investigation to arrest the perpetrator is ongoing.
Mr. Mihsalan is also the Elder of the Presbyterian Church, Mukhap.
He said that first of all they want to set up a factory to manufacture equipment related to the car or autombile industry.
He said that yesterday, Mukul Sangma, who is the leader of the party, gave false information to his family and gave false information. The Congress party has given its support to Saleng A Sangma, as they believe that he is the best candidate from Gambegre constituency.
This will also be the first election in 24 years in the Congress party since the contest between Sonia Gandhi and Jitendra Prasad in which Sonia Gandhi defeated Prasad and Rahul Gandhi in win easily without contesting elections because there is no opponent.
Shillong: Korni Khongshling, 60, of Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 18th of this month at 11 pm, two persons identified as Arjun Pohkati and Sylvester Khonglah alias Merina Khongshling and Margres Ryngrai were injured when they threw stones at her house in Iarbamon village.
Police sources from East Jaintia Hills said that these Sengbhalang leaders who were accused of looting kwai have fled the scene.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the complaint of the Taxi Association (EKHLTWA) from Smit that white taxis, tourists and Sumos, are operating in Smit. in the city of Shillong.
Example :-According to the reply of RTI dt.10.09.20, the PWD department has drawn bills without proper repair work until Rs 2.11 Crores, from Nongstoin-Maweit-Dkhar Road (Wahblei), in the last 3 years: 2018-19, 2019-20, including A/R, S/R Culverts, but only 10 percent have been completed. level.
In fact, such a program is essential for parents to come and listen carefully.
As members of society, we should not criticize those who struggle with mental illness; instead, we should support them by giving them advice and being friends with them because they feel lonely,” said Pamshong.
Deputy CEM Pynshngain N Syiem said the KHADC expresses its gratitude to the MDA government for recommending the bills and sending them to the Governor for his stamp.
Ma Shaniahskhem Dkhar.
The Meghalaya Cancer Conclave 2024 is a project launched under the 'Meg Can Care' in 2023 by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. .
The HYC urges the Government to take action to release the salaries of teachers and also to increase their salaries as the Constitution of India states that the salary of teachers is equal to the salary of teachers. not together.
The new office bearers of the Seng Samla Shnong Mawlangwir are President SH Khongthaw, Vice President Sankeyford Marweiñ, General Secretary Benjohnson Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary Elbisson Lyngdoh & Strainbanroy Wanniang. Marweiñ, Ex-officio Members Teiminot Marweiñ and Welborn Snaitang, Advisers AD Kharlyngdoh and 8 Elbok Wanni. These members were confirmed by Bah Koland Lyngdoh, Secretary Mawlangwir Village.
The former Governor of Meghalaya is Nalin Kohli.
He had difficulty breathing and his blood pressure began to stop despite proper treatment.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police (SPS) of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has issued an order ban ban the use of iong in vehicles in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court. The vide passed WP(c)NO-265 of 2011, that the court has ruled that the use of iong in vehicles is not all.
Conrad said the Home Ministry of the Government of India has also sought replies on 15 issues raised by the Committee on the amendment of the Sixth Schedule. prepare to respond to the branch.
Regarding the relief measures to the people of the constituency, Bah Victor Ranee said that as a leader of the people, he has done his best to help those families who are in dire need of relief.
Founder-CEO of Avenues, Mark L Stone, was present at the closing ceremony in Baghmara and explained the purpose of APEX by saying, “The APEX program has been developed over 20 years of work by We are involved in soft skills and personal development among the youth of the state, and bring together the knowledge or skills that are essential today.
The election of the new Waheh Chnong was conducted by the Doloi of Raliang District, Doloi C Lyngdoh.
The celebration was organized by MCIC 19th South Shillong in collaboration with Lumparing Welfare Society, Lumparing Women's Cultural Society, Lumparing Gorkha United Club, Lumparing 5 Star Club, Lumparing Meghdoot Club Mynsain, Lumparing. .
Dubey said unlike in Wagah, the military situation between India and Bangladesh is different because they are friends.
In the midst of the mid-term MDC elections in Khasi and Jaintia, the Congress has also prepared for the 2018 elections.
At the end of the programme, Dr. David L.Warbah (Joint Director, CTI, Byrnihat) gave a speech on these topics. Ravi Chopra (Founder, PSI, Dehradun), the training participants and others, expressed their happiness to have such programs in order to raise awareness among the people to work together from the role in protecting water sources, which pose a serious threat to future generations if we fail to preserve them from now on.
It is for this reason that for 76 years since India became an independent country, no government in Delhi has established the UCC. Manipur, which has started to produce ksai, but which has caused protests around the world, because of these Umsnam activities.
However, the FKJGP has admitted that the foreigner has tried to extort money from the leaders and to end this work and remain silent.
Humans have destroyed and polluted God's beautiful environment.
The participation of nearly 2 crore farmers shows the popularity of this initiative.
The Aam Aadmi Party leaders have refused to accept the agreement and have made it clear that their leader has not done anything wrong, but has been insulted because he spoke the truth. .
He said that the UHM-EJHD as it had expressed its opposition for the first time to the proposal to hold a Public Hearing, this time too they will stand on the same ground that they will not allow this public hearing to be held.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has ordered the Draft Photo Election Roll of the 7-Amlarem Assembly Constituency to be submitted to the Sub. -Division as of 01-01-2
However, the NPP has rejected this. “Such leaders who have betrayed the Jaidbynriew should be expelled from the Garo people and if they don't have the opportunity, they should enter the House and protest. These leaders are outside,” said Tengrak.
In the affidavit, he said that he owns only one Hero Honda
With the support of the UDP and PDF, the NPP has increased to 45 MLAs in the 59-member Assembly.
Jowai, Naiwieng 30 : The CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council (KAADC) Tuliram Ronghang on social media said that the residents of Mukroh and other Pnar villages in Block I The CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, said that Mukroh belongs to Meghalaya and not an inch will be allowed. I'm going to Assam.
Radhon Singh Berry says: “When you are born, don't be surprised. You should know your father. Don't be surprised. Don't be surprised.
The meeting also alleged that the district authorities have not been able to control the coal mining and for this reason, these women have been assaulted.
“Several political parties from the CoRP, MUSO and MPSO also came to support the rally. The rally was also attended by a march to the end of a pond. There is a village in the village which has decided to hand over to Assam as a sign of strong opposition that the people do not want and do not allow the pond to go to Assam because it has been settled in the village with financial assistance. of the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Mawkynrew Community and Rural Development (C&RD) Block has been considered as a backward area in the past years but now through the collaboration of the authorities and residents of different villages in the area. This Block and its officers and the Chief Executive Member have brought it to the forefront of other Block in the State in terms of development in many areas. .
He said one example can be explained, where we have a BJP government in Nagaland, a state with a majority of Christians.
Recently, it has been discovered that the drug has been used in Kerala and Nagaland to forcefully save fish from rot and decay.
“Members who have completed three months of training without any complaint or wrongdoing, are eligible for this assistance scheme, which will be released three times,” said a statement from the government.
Speaking at the meeting, Sordar Raid Shabong said that the Raid has sent a letter to the higher authorities regarding the land for the construction of the Civil Sub Division.
Shillong:: Former Chairman of the GNLA and President of the Achik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM) Champion R Sangma has called on the Garo people living in different parts of the state to come out in order. On the 5th of November, a rally will be held in Shillong to demand Garo Land.
To remove ethnic differences, To remove political feelings.
The act has already been approved by the Cabinet at the Cabinet meeting to prevent the internal healing of the state.
“In Mawshynrut, which means in Riangdo, it has not been opened yet,” he said.
“The wells of the Police Reserve Quarter opposite Wahingdoh have collapsed and this issue has been pending for 14 years, due to the negligence of the people in power to improve the road. said Mr. Nongrum.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: BJP President Amit Shah will visit Meghalaya in April to prepare for the MLA elections in the Christian-majority state. Narendra Modi will visit the country in November.
He complained that everywhere he went, he found people stealing time.
The four students are Jarrett Medonlang Wanniang of Christian Academy, Riatsamthiah, Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria of BK Bajoria School, Boyce Road, Angkit Tamang of Kendriya Vidyalaya, NEHU and Rudra Singh Rathore of St Xavier's Secondary School. School, Polo.
“This is a knowledgeable act and it is an attempt by the government to evade responsibility but we will not allow this," he said.
Shillong: The Fridays for Future (FFF), one of the organizations that fights and raises awareness on climate change, has announced that it will hold a public meeting at the Shillong Centenary Monument near the State Central Library. 7th November 2020(Saturday).
Not only that, I asked about the piris.
He said that this book is easy to understand and will also help the children who do not have the opportunity to go to tution because it gives an easy explanation even for the children who are less proficient. physics subject.
As a sign of strengthening this programme, a signature campaign was also conducted in which the parents of the students who came to support the meeting also participated. of their students and teachers as a sign of standing against the use of tobacco.
Veronica found the khla from the roof of her house and immediately informed some youths and elders of the village and after they arrived they arrested the khla.
Police are investigating the cause of the incident.
In the Under-17 men's category, Rymbai Presbyterian HSS (East Jaintia Hills) beat Nilwagre SS (South Garo Hills) 2-1
He said that all this is due to the rule of the Biden administration in the United States and if not, all this would not have happened. ) is going to happen soon, no matter if people believe it or not.
When she reached the market, she saw that the shop had been closed.
Hek said that the ASHAs do not need PPEs, but those who need PPEs are only those who go to treat those people who have Covid-1
Thus, the whole world believes that India really has the power to do what it has planned and set goals to achieve.
It is located in the village of Vidisha in Madhya Pradesh.
He said that the railway project in Khasi Jaintia Hills has fallen into trouble due to the opposition of various groups including the Sengbhalang.
There are people these days, who go to a cow farm, run by the Shree Swaminarayan Gurukul Vishwavidya Prathisthanam (SGVP), where they are treated, in order to protect themselves from you have covid.
The State Government on 16th November has approved the proposal to use NCERT books in schools in the State from next year.
when you say Hynniew trep you include1
The role of those managers is to determine how many employees in different areas of the company need to be added and assigned.
If this is the case, the Hima Mylliem will change the laws that have been made to preserve the customs and traditions of the ancestors in the Bri u Hynniewtrep,” said Bah Dohtdong.
The two prominent leaders arrested are Area Commander of Williamnagar East Merak Sangma alias Suanggre and Operational Commander Dinesh Ch Marak alias Blackboard.
In foreign countries you cannot just go to any tourist spot without buying a ticket in advance.
The Regional Committees headed by the Government Ministers of the two states have visited many areas and held meetings and consulted with the land owners living in these areas.
She alleged that she was evicted on May 2, 2011 and a notice was also served on her by the local authority.
Besides, she said that there can be no reason, especially as this area receives heavy rainfall during the rainy season, that the roads will not be suitable for traffic during the rainy season.
Lalu was speaking at a meeting hosted by his son Tej Pratap Yadav, Minister of State for Bihar.
Bah Rudi has served for 36 years as an IFS officer with the Government of India and has held various positions including as Ambassador of India to other countries where he has chosen to work.
Here too, it was seen that the Umngi River has started to destroy the land and pose a serious threat to the residents.
Pakistan, on the other hand, has strongly opposed India's decision, saying it is ready to take any decision to stop India's actions.
“We Samagra ShikshaAbhyan (SSA) teachers of Meghalaya have not received our salaries which have been suspended for three months since June, 2022 until now.
The Twilight is a Blues Rock band which has been formed since 2017. The band has been performing in Shillong and Jowai.
The farmers of Hynniewtrep would like to extend their special congratulations to Paiem Ainam Syiem, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the Ministers and the Dorbar who have taken this important step for the benefit of the people of Hynniewtrep. The Hill Farmer Union under the leadership of Bah Commander Shangpliang, the Farmers Union, Shilliang-Um and other farmers' organizations have taken part in this project to develop and produce soh kyrdot. farmers meet from time to time.
The incident was first witnessed by the children who were herding cows after they heard the cry of the child and called for help.
Then, you put the wrong punctuations every day in your newspaper.
“Regarding this demand, the Minister has said that she will discuss with the Prime Minister how to deal with the demand to include our salary in the Minimum Wages,” she said.
That is why the devil knew that Jesus was the Son of God.
“We have already prepared everything and now all that remains is to complete the detailed project report (DPR),” said Toi and said that it will be submitted to the government before October
However, the office of Syiem Nobosohphoh has not listened to the complaint or responded to the complaint.
4) Revive the environment:- Our ancestors used to earn money to support their families and support their children's education by shylliah, star, jaiñ and others.
Shillong, June 18: U Dr. Antarwell Warjri, Professor, Williamnagar Government College, has published a book entitled “Role of Regional Political Parties in the Success and Failures of Coalition Government in Meghalaya”. in the victory and failure of the Clean Government in Meghalaya.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that the MHIS has been suspended from 25th July and those who enter the hospital before 11:59 pm on the 25th will continue to benefit until do not kin to mih.
The Khasi children will see that it has become increasingly stronger and stronger and has begun to fall into the trap of sin.
Therefore, on this issue, we have met with the SP and DC, we have urged them to take action on this basis, to avoid any incident that will affect the peace and order in the area. hi altogether, they added.
Lakadong shynrai has changed the lives of about 12,000 farmers and about 20 farmer groups.
Sangma said the state government will sign an agreement with the University of Berkeley in November to set up 100 smart villages in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: “The High Level Ministry of Mining and Geology has been appointed by the Chief Minister, the Ministry of Transports has been appointed by Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare and the Ministry of Works has been appointed by Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare. “It's a good idea to have a coal trader,” said John Frankie Rymbui.
Likewise, man has his time and he should not fail to understand this truth, but to build his character as a human being in all aspects of humanity.
“It is also surprising that as usual, when the electricity bill is three or seven hours a day, the electricity bill remains the same without any difference.
Police have arrested one of the drivers of the pickup bolero, Jahangir Alam, 22, while the other drivers of the pickup bolero fled the scene. place.
This power struggle between these officials will lead to losses and delays in the State which will affect the entire income.
“From my side I can give marks 3, 4 or 5 but the truth is that it is the people who will judge and as I see now I don't think this government will be able to do so. to get the full support of the people"
Speaking on the occasion, Rona Khymdeit, Teilinia Thangkhiew and others expressed their confidence that there is no doubt that the UDP will win from Nongpoh Constituency.
Bhalang Mulieh scored the first goal for Luti Tuber Ialong in the 4th minute.
During the inspection, the union found that the Doctor Incharge of the hospital has been suffering from illness for two months and the patients are suffering from the shortage of doctors.
Border Areas Development T.59.96 crore, Urban Development T.267.07 crore, Health & family welfare T.420.93 crore, Education T.909.94 crore, Sport & Youth Affairs T.51.20 crore, Tourism & Culture T.51.19 crore T.41 crore, Labor & Employment T.26.61 crore, Social welfare T.386.10 crore, Water Supply & Sanitation T.350.80 crore, Food Civil Supplies T.106.11 crore, Road Bridges T.712.81 crore, Power T.40 crore Transport T.17 crore, Commerce & Industries T.27.91 crore, Mining & Geology T.3.69 crore , Information Technology T.61.95 crore, Information & Public Relation T.9.80 crore.
In a letter sent to the CEMs of these three ADCs, UDP General Secretary Bah AF Dkhar said that the meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs convened by the party on 16th July, They discussed the issues related to the decision of the High Court Meghalaya on 13th July, 2016 affecting the Khadar Shnong Administration.
Hahaha here's Wai syndonKatta too. I won 10 lakh hehehe.
Slogan writing competitions and speech competitions were also held on this topic.
Shillong, July 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, today announced that he will donate 10 months salary to the victims of the disaster in Uttarakhand.
What we see is that while we are struggling to prevent the invasion of other ethnic groups, the influx of other ethnic groups to these beloved mountains is increasing.
In the first leg, Benjamin Marak opened the scoring for Warima YC in the 50th minute through Charlie R Marak from the penalty spot.
AIDS (acquired immune deficiency syndrome) is said to have first appeared in South Africa in
On the part of the journalists, Bah S.Pdahkasiej congratulated the Executive Committee for providing this place for the journalists in KHADC. KHADC, Leader of the Opposition Bah L.Blah and Secretary Bah M Kharkrang and journalists.
From July to June 2022, there were 1107 male cases or 59.50%, 752 female cases or 40.40%.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Board will help accelerate the recruitment process in the education department like the health department which has been able to appoint about 500 doctors.
God welcomes individual or individual worship.
He said that the issuance of this order is in accordance with the law to protect, promote and strengthen the custom of giving jait to women which has been followed by the Khasi.
The second semi final will be played between FC Goa and Mohun Bagan on Friday.
Shillong: The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem, on Tuesday said that there are many Khasi in Iewduh who want to change the name of their shops to Dkhar.
About 80 percent of this road will pass through Sohiong Constituency and through this development will come to Sohiong Constituency.
Now, when Israel is strong now it doesn’t mean it will end there.
Lalu Prasad and his family have been persecuted for years because they did not bow their heads.
It is often in our human nature to try to explain in the dark for reasons we don't understand, such as accusations of witchcraft, demon possession, witchcraft and others.
However, it is learned that the contractor has not completed the construction of the houses and both the installments have been paid to the contractor.
Shillong: Suddenly, on the morning of 28th March 2022, a shocking incident has destroyed 84 shops in Shillong Market, known as Laitumkhrah Market.
When asked whether the Government can forgive at least 50% of the tax, the Minister said that the Government will consider first. deal with this.
On the other hand, officials from the Urban and Municipal Departments explained that the cleanliness drive in Shillong is part of the scheme of the Government of India funded by the Asian Development Bank (ADB).
The four deaths were reported from Ri Bhoi Hills, one from North Garo Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills.
After being elected as the candidate for the MP elections next year, Ampareen Lyngdoh on Friday held a meeting with all the leaders and office bearers of the National People's Party (NPP). ) and Rilum Jaintia Hills.
This was announced by the former Principal Secretary of the Department of Health and Family Welfare, Assam.
The Bill, titled The Repealing Bill, 2022, was introduced by the KHNAM MLA but the House refused to accept the voice vote.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the theft, robbery and robbery.
The complaint is against Arnab Goswami, Editor-in-Chief of Republic TV, Pradeep Bhandari, Consulting Editor of Republic TV and Navika Kumar.
But in the end he became one of those who crucified Jesus.
He said the budget for the construction of the dam is more than Rs 11 crore for a length of 2,200 kilo meters and this will be done by the central fund and tender will be called by the Brahmaputra Board.
After the arrival of Swami in 1901, the Ramakrishna Mission began its work in the Khasi Hills in 1924 at Shella by starting a night school.
He said that in the past years, the market for tit has not been going well, but these days, this variety of tit has been sold around the markets in the country. District and even in the state and the demand for this tit is very high these days, which on his part, he can no longer fill according to the needs of the people.
This has led to a shortage of commercial vehicles and many have transported people to the polling stations.
The SRT, which claims to have more than 20,000 members in the state and abroad, said that many have lost their ST status just because they take jait from their father.
At the meeting, the opposition led by Bah PN Syiem made it clear that they do not accept the election of the Syiem in Malaisohmat, alleging that it is a violent act by the new EC. This was led by Mr. Ardent Basaiawmoit.
He said that in Ri Bhoi District, the deadline for the delivery of water to all households is before October 2021 and now the deadline has been reduced as there are only 6 months left. This is the reason why I came to meet him so that he can expedite the allocation of money to the remaining villages.
The patient was attending the funeral of #NizamuddinMarkaz in Delhi,” Sarma tweeted.
Williamnagar Police have conducted a heavy search operation with SWAT and Commando to disperse the GNLA and will continue to arrest the suspects.
When contacted by this reporter, some of the volunteers said that it is a shame for the MDA government which they have been supporting for two years but the government does not believe them.
The event was attended by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Rajeev Chandrasekhar, as the Chief Guest (through virtual mode), and Gaurav Swarup, Co-Chairman & Managing Director of the Paharpur Cooling Towers Ltd, as the Chief Executive Officer.
If we cannot bring back or encourage the students to appreciate and appreciate the job creation and to stay in peaceful jobs (government jobs), the future will be dark and frightening. that this peaceful work will turn into thieves, looters and destroyers of society, enslavement of our beloved country and nation in future generations.
Besides, by drafting a special constitution for the people, the deletion of Para 12 (A) from the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, the border dispute, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule. These are other proposals that the HYC has expressed in these letters.
She admitted that according to the records, the migration of people to Maitdein was after they had received the approval of the Dorbar Shnong Barato because they are the owners of the land. This was confirmed by Doloi Samuel Bareh in 1951 and confirmed by Khamly Sariang in 1990, that the boundary of Barato is from Wah Myntang to Muliang. ter.
The meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by Neety Gurung.
"This decision is due to the impact of the fine on our club in the AIFF," Kerala Blasters said in a statement.
Those infected with TB have been treated free of charge at all Government health centres.
But the purpose of the Gospel is to improve and clarify the law so that life can become more prosperous, happier and happier.
According to Dr Sahkhar, there are no schemes to provide financial assistance to the cow farmers because the government does not have the funds and all the requirements have been met by the farmers except for the training provided by the government. tea that.
“Going forward we have to make sure that we continue to improve on those arrangements, we keep expanding, we give out more licenses and leases, and that way we see the mining sector grow as “It is before the NGT closes the dam,” he said.
The first beast was like a 'lizard', which means one who catches a snake to kill, and had the feet of a beast, which means a snake.
However, there are Kynphor trees that have both kinds of flowers.
Shillong, June 17 : Six colleges from the city have arrived to take part in the Seng Khasi College Invitational Basketball Competition, which was held at the Seng Khasi College Invitational Basketball Stadium. This college is located in Shillong.
On the other hand, Pravin Bakshi has directed to arrange for patrolling and send police to accompany if necessary for these petrol trucks to ensure that they can pass smoothly without being hit by the petrol trucks. truck does not kit that goods need.
Assistants have also been appointed in each type of sports and more in football and basketball as these sports attract more spectators.
The meeting of the candidates shall be held only once at one place, such as at Thadmuthlong A, Thadmuthlong B, Thadmuthlong C, Phramer and Thadmuthlong Rim.
“When asked about the meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Jyrwa said that the promise on his part is that once the talks have started, these demands will be put forward.
The MDA government has announced that it has allowed people to play any kind of sports, to go to the cinema, to drive private vehicles. However, the most shocking thing is that people are allowed to go to parks only for those who are in the city and surrounding areas like Phan Nonglait park. It was formerly called Lady Hydri Park, Nan Polok in the middle of Shillong, Elephant Fall in Upper Shillong because in the city and suburbs, there are more people and more people than in the countryside.
Shillong, July 13 : The Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Kyrmen Shylla has decided to send a letter to MeECL for financial assistance to a 3 year old child who has lost both his legs. Electricity shortage in Mawkohphet village on 21st June
Although they tried to score but many chances were missed.
In fact, at the meeting in Motphran, Madan Student or anywhere else, it will be necessary for the party leaders, or perhaps the Congress party itself, to bring the two MPs, who are now present. In Parliament, Ma Vincent Pala and Wansuk Syiem, to explain their struggle (if they have done), on the CAB. but we have to understand that we are in a situation of life and death, where we have to decide the uniqueness of the present and the future of Ri Khasi Jaintia and thus it is urgent that we understand our own time.
Ephesians 6:16.
Congress leader Sheila Dikshit, who served for many years as the Chief Minister of Delhi, passed away today at the age of
“Jimmy D Sangma and Marthon J Sangma of the TMC, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Mohindro Rapsang and Kimfa Marbaniang of the Congress, Hamletson Dohling, Samlin Malngiang and other parties have been involved in the meeting. “The vote of Tura is not a vote,” said Conrad. “The vote of Tura is not a vote. for Conrad Sangma alone but as the Chief Minister of the state and your vote will bring about change in the state and benefit others.
Later, he also inspected the construction of the shopping mall at the bus stand of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation, Khyndailad.
Gaurav lost in the 19th over, but Macdonald stayed on until the 23rd over to end the match with a win.
This is due to the fact that in these months there has been a heavy rainfall which has shattered the soil and this landslide if the rainfall continues it will not happen on this road. the newest road after the widening of the 4-lane road.
Shillong: In connection with the murder of (L) Sobir Dutta in Ichamati, a case has been registered at Shella Police Station. Cleenstar Shabong, 27, resident of Nongthym, Pohktieh, Lane-5, was arrested on 23rd June
He said the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has passed the Village Administration Bill for the smooth running of the Rangbah Shnongs but this is still in the hands of the state government.
They are the ones who incite the people to cause trouble and to throw stones at the meeting.
Speaking to media, KSU East Jaintia Hills President Streamly Suchen said, “We request you to join hands and send for the removal of these illegal BSF camps and relocation to the border areas. The BSF bases in Sonapyrdi, Ratacherra and Hingaria have been discouraged by the border residents especially those who live in the area.
The High Court later dismissed the appeal on the grounds that the SIT had already registered a chargesheet.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Yojana (PMGKAY), the state government continues to distribute 5 kilos of rice per capita per month free of charge from June 2021 to November 2021 to all beneficiaries who is covered by the National Food Security Act.
“At the time of the protest, the government had appointed the HPC and given it only 6 months to send its opinion on this, but till now it has not reached anywhere even though it has been 6 months. end for a long time," he said.
At the same time, the celebration of the Golden Jubilee at this stadium was very successful despite the small number of people who came to take part.
No casualties were reported in the incident, but the driver and passenger of the truck sustained minor injuries. for treatment.
On the other hand, the Minister congratulated and thanked the Raid Laban Pyllun Dorbar for donating the land for the start of the ropeway project.
I am pleased that as a celebration of its 60th anniversary, the college has also recognized other employees who have worked for the community, this shows our unity and mutual respect,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
When asked by the Mawlai MLA about the reasons for the delay, Prof Laloo said the reasons for the delay were the death of the contractor and other reasons.
Pogba has apparently made 91 appearances for his country with the last appearance being in 2022 when he scored 11 goals.
Speaking on the same issue, Sohra MDC Titos Chyne said that the Bill has created two powers, and this could cause destruction in the villages because He said that the Village Development Council has been given too much power and the time will come when the villages will not be able to use their power.
Raising the bill in the House, Minister Bah Kyrmen Shylla said that the money is to pay for the allowance of these children for the five months from November until October 2019 to come next year.
There are many leaders who are business men but not legislators or policy makers, so we see that we don't have adequate policies in education until teachers have to lead themselves. to demand their rights until they sleep on the ground just to get their salary and also to improve education besides that the students have to come out to force the government to claim the scholarship they deserve.
There are also beautiful view points such as Maw Babu, Mawkhlieng, Mawmoit and others.
The media should not interview or publish newspapers about such associations, lest they be encouraged to encourage others and to deceive the nation.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang on Saturday announced a 36 hour curfew within the boundary of Iawmusiang Village next month to protest against the government's failure especially the Jowai Municipal Board to provide full garbage disposal to Jowai.
Take this opportunity now that under the leadership of Samla Lambok Marngar, President of the KSU Sengkmie, the KSU Sengkmie will be able to produce more schools which will be a blessing to the country and the nation as a whole. Bah Daniel also encouraged the teachers by saying that the selflessness of the teachers will not be in vain but God will bless them and their families in every aspect of their lives.
Robertson S Basan, said that it is a real problem for the village and also for those who have not yet received water.
Besides throwing stones and shooting with jri, the Karbi also used a sword and ryntieh in which a Meghalaya policeman escaped from the sword thrown by the Karbi in parts of Meghalaya. .
No of posts:- 1 (One)Place of posting:- Directorate of Health Services (MCH&FW), Meghalaya, ShillongUpper age limit:- up to 35 years.
Speaking to media, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said the central government has allocated T.3.59 lakh crore for all the states in India and the state. Meghalaya has prepared the implementation phase of this scheme at a cost of T.2500/- crore.
Before the colors were raised, the three deinkhlams erected at Tihkhyndaw and Ryngkaw Square were raised and after the colors were raised with the sound of bombs and bhuri.
She said that women police officers should have the strength to take action against violence against women.
She said that she will travel around Khasi-Jaintia to explain to the people.
The funeral service will be held on 2/12/2021 at 1 pm at the Khimmusniang Presbyterian Church, Jowai.
The troops on board the aircraft are taking part in the training and exercises of 30,000 Australian and US troops as well as troops from other countries.
James, who is the MLA of the area, also laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Jengjal Multipurpose Indoor Sport Complex near the market.
She noted that propagation is not proselytizing.
In the second half, Lamare SC won 3 – 1 goals against Mawkyrwat SA. In the second half, the game started more interestingly. The teams of both the teams started fighting hard to win their team.
Nongstoin, March 09: The District Office of the Swachh Bharat Mission on Saturday celebrated the Swachh Bharat Diwas in Nongstoin.
The prize money is T.1,000/- for 100 persons.
“Expressing his full support for the peace talks, the Congress leader said that he wants the peace talks to be held anyway.
The total number of cases in Mumbai has risen to 29,1
Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Minister Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that it is not by the stirring up of the people that any problem in the state can be solved but by the power and authority of the people. equipped can solve any problem.
The Rangbah Shnong was very pleased to hear that he had not been able to do so.
It is said that this disease is the most rare and affects only one in 3000 people.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 22: Although the BSF troops have not been able to set up their camp within the Sam border of Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District, You haven't finished yet.
Shillong: One of the former members of RAM, Balahun, has formed the Sex Trade Opposing People (STOP) organization.
According to the commission's directive, the witnesses will be questioned by the DGP, PCCF and Head of the Forest Force of Assam or their representatives.
As the days and months passed, Hiram's income increased.
In a few days, Bah Banteidor handed over a letter to the Minister of State for Agriculture, Narendra Singh Tomar in Delhi to inform him that the Government of Meghalaya through the Ministry of Agriculture has issued the Office Order dated 09th July, 2022 to allow farmers in some areas to reuse fertilizer after more than 8 years of ban on subsidy for fertilizer i.e. since 2014 .
Dear friends, who have read this article in this newspaper, do you really want peace and happiness? The whole world, including the United States, hoped that after the end of World War II, the whole world would have peace.
“The missionaries turned schools and educational institutions into Christian conversion centers.
The President of HANM has urged that the state government should take action to achieve this demand to allocate more to the indigenous people and to renew the reservation policy in the state in relation to offices, hospitals and educational institutions of the central government and he added that even private companies operating in the state should also allow Khasi, Jaintia and Garo youths are not included.
Shillong, Jymmang 24 : Cricket Smit and Marbisu CC won the 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) on Thursday.
In fact, the BJP has arranged to welcome these MDCs tomorrow at the party office in Shillong but due to the absence of Himanta Biswa who is in need due to the completion of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in Assam tomorrow. , has been postponed to next Saturday.
Meanwhile, President Bah Louis Dohtdong said that it is sad to see that Khasi women don't know how to respect Khasi men anymore. The value of Khasi women who live in close proximity to the Dkhars, the physical abuse, the violence that degrades the Khasi nation and the Khasi man.
Police have arrested Rak K Sangma, 24, from an MTC bus and recovered a 7.65 mm pistol from him. Pistol, one magazine, 3 rounds of 7.65mm, half a kilo of explosives, one mobile phone and 2 detonators.
The worst thing is that the Dkhars are extremely generous and kind hearted only to outsiders/non-tribals, but we don't have any kindness and are only conceited, sly. already.
Mukhla Raij and Dulong have qualified for the quarter final of the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday.
Conrad said it was until June 2018, that the present government had sent a letter to the central government to lift the rules.
“At the meeting, various groups have decided that no one will be allowed to carry or drink alcohol at NEHU,” said Bah Khyriem and added that those who violate will be punished.
Therefore, she urged the parents to educate their children about the dangers of drugs and urged everyone to cooperate in their role in the fight against drugs. At the same time, she appealed to the Village Communities and others to take part in helping those who have lost their lives. to immediately inform the law enforcement authorities if they find or suspect anyone involved in the trafficking of such drugs. droks and at the same time calls for the joint efforts of all in the fight against this evil which destroys income, destroys sleep and causes the decline in the long people.
Bah Marwein also refused to take responsibility for various protests, as they have been calling for office blockades, road blockades and said it is the duty of the government to look after them. people of your guard.
The false promises during the elections have also stirred up the people.
Earlier, when Rupang spoke to James Lyngdoh, Working President, he said that the directive has been sent to the districts to send their names to those who wish to contest the Lok Sabha elections. Shillong Seat in the 2019 elections.
Shillong: The 1st Meghalaya State Level Muaythai Pro Championship 2019 will be held from 24-26th of this month in Shillong.
At the same time, he clarified that the complaint by the students of the school has nothing to do with the PM Poshan (midday meal) of the state government.
The day was also enriched by various programs including lucky draws for the visitors.
On this occasion, both male and female spectators were present.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the government has decided to improve the mining system in the state.
District police chiefs have rushed to the scene to investigate and comply with the requirements of the law in the presence of a magistrate.
It is able to fight against bacterial infections and skin inflammation, reduces skin inflammation, and heals wounds.
Kyrmen Shylla was elected as the President of the Youth Wing, Balajied Synrem as the Secretary, while Olan Sing Suin was elected as the President of the Farmers Wing. Thabah as General Secretary and Bah Reminton Pyngrope as Joint Secretary.
He said that this is not the first time that border residents have been shot dead by the Assam police but it has happened from time to time and the reason is because the state government is too weak.
It was found that the child was able to speak but his voice was not clear and his eyes were blind.
Meanwhile, the leading team of the state has lost twice in a row, and today it is against Mizoram.
“If we want to achieve peace, we must learn to live together among different ethnic groups,” she said.
The DJ Night will be held on the 18th of October from 4 pm at the football ground of the school.
The purpose of this initiative is to improve education and to provide materials according to the needs of students across Meghalaya.
The buyers said that the government should not show mercy to these dewbilat factories but should collect revenue by setting up gates but the government has not done so besides giving heavy subsidies to them.
Similarly, regarding the CAA, the BJP has put it in its Manifesto and it is for this reason that even though there is strong opposition across India, the BJP does not listen and continues to move forward.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, expressed his gratitude to Agatha K. Sangma for playing a major role in providing support for these roads through the MPGSY scheme of the Central Government.
A short meeting was held at the residence of the Waheh Shnong, H. Sumer, which was conducted by Comingson Dkhar, Chairman of the Area Committee.
There is a saying in football “catch them young” and the State Government should have started this test at the time when the disease, has just begun to spread in the State.
“The government has set a fee of T.10 per employee to register and those who can register are between 19-60 years old,” she said.
When we look at the rule of law, there is a terrible discrimination and a great deal of corruption.
Shillong: The Kur Longtrai Lai Women of the Raid Shabong, on Tuesday, honored the Sordar, Bah Hering Khongngai, who was recently elected in the Raid elections.
Therefore, the Working Group for the XII Plan on Sustainable Ground Water Management has highlighted the need for mapping of acquifers in India or groundwater conditions. which shall be the basis of any work to look after the works related to this water.
Parents are too busy with their work and allow their children to rule over them.
But whosoever shall speak against the Holy Spirit, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come" Matthew 12:3
“Shong suk phi ki baieid” He wrote on a copy, His life ended in a phasing.
Source:.
They cover the image of God in body, power, wisdom and perfection.
They have sent 12 examinations for the matriculation examination and the results are encouraging as the students have passed well.
Lalthlamuani, who is a Jew, will contest as an independent candidate against three male candidates.
Process strongly opposed the new division of constituencies and said that if it works, Mawpat and Mali (Block I, II, III) will be separated from Mawlai and it will confuse the people. many sides.
“It is here that when the son/son goes smoothly the life of the family rises and the rud u kiar u shynrain.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government is still waiting for the decision of the National Liberation Council. (HNLC) on the request of its leaders to come forward to the peace talks in the next round.
Ampareen said that when the government goes to consult on the problems of the people, it doesn't do anything by saying that they will eat like that, they will never eat like that again and this is disappointing. Many churches, because even if you are a villager or an urban citizen, if you don't have the opportunity to earn money, you will suffer terribly and the government has not prepared for all these.
Therefore, the police did not hesitate to shoot at the crowd to leave the area.
Besides these decisions, Bah Banteidor said that the Commission has also decided to have a fully functional office so that the Commission can carry out its work so that To encourage Khasi Pharmacists to register with the Commission and to improve so that the Commission can provide the best and most accurate services according to its activities. for.
These women wanted children very much and so they lay down on the ground and the sadhus walked on their bodies, which was a blessing that they would soon have children.
In this regard and as a sign of respect to our ancestors, I would like to publish this Christmas Message by Professor GG Swell and the family of Professor Swell have opened and run a Museum, which collects the works of and thy great servants, in Laitkynsew.
Khliehriat, November 16: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District, today announced the release of NFSA ration for the month of November in East Jaintia Hills District.
Therefore, this factory has become a new source of income and a great blessing to the Sohra area.
Speaking on the rampant corruption in Meghalaya, Amit Shah said, “There is no place in India where you can see the rampant corruption in Meghalaya.
He said the Khasi Heritage Management Committee (KHMC) formed by the previous EC has been dissolved after the appointment of a new EC under the leadership of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit as CEM and also the KHFC. Meanwhile, sources said that Lafarge Umiam Cement Ltd has promised to donate T.20 lakh for the Monolit Festival and is still donating only T.10 lakh and the Tourism Department has donated. T.3 lakh while the NEC which promised to provide T.20 lakh and the Department of Arts and Culture T.5 lakh have not received the money yet.
He died of a serious illness.
Speaking to media, AICC leaders Pawan Khera, Mathew Antony and Bobbeeta Sharma have criticized the MDA government for the past three years as The Great Meghalaya Loot is the biggest loot in Meghalaya.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 4 cases including 2 high risk and 2 ILI cases.
“If you find anyone who has seen or received any information, please let us know,” he said.
Shillong: MIPR.Shillong: Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and 11 ministers after the swearing-in ceremony at Raj Bhavan on Tuesday. Samlin Malngiang, MLA from Sohiong, accompanied by Renikton Lyngdoh MLA from Mawkyrwat, has resigned from the post of President of the HSPDP. the world.
“We strongly oppose and suspect that this act was planned against us as a party which stood against the assassination of Sengbat Ch.
When the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, allowed the members of the General Council to speak, the members said that the UDP leaders have forgotten those office bearers who do not have MLAs. He also said that the incumbent MLAs should take issues that affect the people in order to gain the trust of the people.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who met with the teachers and students who took part in this training, expressed his pride by saying, “It is a great pleasure to see that the nurses from this State should have the opportunity to serve in other parts of the world.
Swain used to take advantage of women from Punjab, Delhi, Assam, Jharkhand and Odisha and preferred middle-aged women, many of whom were divorced. , through search engine websites, by claiming to be a doctor working in the Union Health Ministry.
Dr. Aman War, DHS(MI) said that this ambulance was specially allocated through the work of the MLA and it is the wisdom and dedication of the MLA that they have been able to release this ambulance.
The ambulance was launched by Jirang MLA Rangkynsai Kharbuki, Umroi MDC, Umroi MDC Bipul Thangkhiew, RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew. Doctors from Bhoirymbong CHC and many others.
Informing about the incident, Bah O Binong, Rangbah Shnong and owner of the house, expressed his deep sorrow over this unexpected incident.
Kazi Nasir and Jayanta, leading artists from Kolkata, along with Careen J. Langstieh and Oliver W. Lyndem, who were the judges of the competition.
After more than 9 years of implementation of the Recommendations of the 4th MPC, the Fifth Meghalaya Pay Commission was constituted on 1st July 2016, headed by Bezzely. (IAS) as Chair person.
He said that the approval of the Cabinet was illegal and in violation of the rules of law.
However, researchers say that there is no evidence that B3 from food and medicines can prevent or treat infectious diseases. pain.
Bijoy said that if the law allows, the children should have taken their own lives, but because the law does not allow them.
What is more, there have been those who have been accusing their fellow citizens of slander with bad words that the society cannot accept.
However, for decades now, the State Planning Board, which should have guided the development of the state through the plan or the roadmap of the state and also to advise the government on how to open the roads are not jammed and so on.
Speech was also delivered by Dr.DD Lapang, who acknowledged the problem faced by the residents of the village and promised to take action by talking to the Minister of Urban Affairs on this issue. the problem faced by the people of the village.
He said that this is a memorable day because he feels it is his wedding day.
He said the President of the Government, Rikman G Momin has already informed that there are three candidates who have received tickets from Shillong.
Dibaron Khongbinan was elected as President, Lamkupar Mawkon as Vice President and F Edward Khongshei as General Secretary.
Mawkyrwat, July 23: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) together with the Shngimawlein Drivers Association have strongly condemned the contractor Aaron Nongkynrieh for constructing the PMGSY road from Shngimawlein to June
Police have registered a case under the Meghalaya Excise Act.
The Constitution of India has provisions that allow the people of the country to elect new leaders to the Parliament every five years. , and also to the State Assemblies across the country.
The award ceremony was led by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Jibansius Ramshon and the Secretary Shnong, Bah Michael Lyngdoh. Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkyrdep Village, Bah Jibansius Ramshon, said that the award was received by the Government of India. He said that the Shnong is delighted and would like to express its special thanks to the State Government through the MBDA-MBMA for the cooperation of the Shnong. the ability to preserve the natural resources for the benefit of the community.
Pius Rani, Executive Director of NESFAS, said that he is pleased that this year NESFAS has celebrated its 50th anniversary and that it has grown and progressed in its service to the community. the farming population of the state.
Shillong: The Committee on Environment of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has expressed its deep regret over the failure of the relevant departments to curb the pollution of the environment by dumping garbage and others. They discharge their waste into streams and rivers such as Umshyrpi, Umkhrah and other rivers in the State which are the lifeblood.
According to information, the Khyrdop illegally collects taxes from all vehicles from Meghalaya and especially those vehicles carrying Synsar. The Police and this has led them to break down the tax collection gate.
especially since it is in power in the central government in Delhi, it cannot do anything.
The orders include a ban on public meetings until further notice.
Officials from the district authorities included FM Lakiang and H. Hynniewta, EACs of Ri Bhoi District. N. Wahlang, OC, Nongpoh Police Station and others.
The judgment said that the role of the people's representatives is essential in democracy and therefore it is not appropriate for them to be in a lower or lower position than the members of the Municipal or the Village Headman.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 03: The Youth Wing of the HSPDP Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, today held a meeting to strengthen the party ahead of next year's elections. part to renew the office bearers of the Youth Wing.
According to the President of the company, Bah Nestor Nongkseh, the company should have built the bridge immediately and completed it by October but it is alleged that due to the stingy calculation of the company, it has now brought the bridge. and the people that came and went every day.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 17: Farmers from different villages of West Khasi Hills, have been shocked because in the middle of the happy season for them to harvest their rice, but the 'lapbah On Friday, it rained in some parts of the district, until many places where the rice has been destroyed.
In Archery 4 men and 2 women.
Shillong, July 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday expressed his desire to facilitate the travel between the people of Meghalaya and Bangladesh. He said that he wants to do so in order to develop the area in the trade between the two countries.
Marcus Shangpliang got the highest mark in the personal interview out of 500 marks while in the written test he got only 100 marks.
The GNLA member was identified as Harrison M Sangma alias Ranja and Rabal.
Congratulating all the groups and organizations who came forward to participate in the event, the union said that they hope that with their cooperation they will be able to transform the river.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Langsterly Shullai, Vice President of the Seng.
So let us wait and see, because we have indigenous peoples and others.
The Seng Bhalang has been demanding the rights of the people for many years but they have been ignored and no one has listened,” said the statement.
Registered teams must pay registration fees, and will receive a FIBA ​​3X3 Event Registration link to complete their registration.
Speaking to media after handing over the petition to the Chief Minister and the CEM of KHADC, the President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Bah Blikstar Sohtun said, “We want The Border Outpost should be located on the border to protect the Khasi people living in those areas and not far from the border.
Shillong, July 12: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced the name of Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh as the party's candidate for the MDC election from Mawkyrwat constituency.
Speaking to media, FKJGP President Bah Dundee Khongsit said that the FKJGP has suggested to the government that the locations for these factories should be in places where they are needed and where they can. to judge the shepherds.
Why don't you release it only inside the Duh market which is the market place for the poor and needy... or to the Police Bazar for the farmers... shuh... who's going to kill them??? Have all the months of treatment and cultivation ended in destruction??? Govt think carefully...strengthen the security forces and don't steal the rice from the poor...earn in the morning and eat in the evening.
Those from Shillong Zillah High School have been appointed to take the examination in Sylhet as the nearest examination centre.
“If the Deputy Commissioner's office or the PWD department has ordered to close down these shops, they should also close down all the shops of foreigners along the PWD road from Rilbong, Mahadevkhola and other places. Baghmara, March 20: As part of the efforts to improve the income and standard of living in the rural areas, the state government under the leadership of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, , Conrad K Sangma today distributed food items to farmers, entrepreneurs and youth in Baghmara, South Garo Hills.
“The Court cannot issue this order just because the Dorbar Shnongs do not have a written law.
In another development, Maharashtra BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis announced that the BJP will split this time from the Shiv Sena, with which it has worked for 25 years.
In War Jaintia, the college in Nongtalang is the same.
After the French had established their presence and sovereignty in Assam, they turned back to these hills.
"Then I'll complain to Niakha..." Rida's mother asked. "You don't have to do that, Nia, but you'll face a big problem even from the village," said Niakha. for my part, I will trust in you to do it.
We should encourage them to stay in isolated homes and take good care of them.
After working in the District Council, he completed his studies from Intermediate of Arts, while working as a Stenographer at the Governor's Secretariat and completed his B.A. M.A (English) and Ph.D.
“As an MLA, I have spoken to the Government to provide a college for the benefit of the youth of the area and not to drop out of school part-time,” said Bah Banteidor. this plan has gone ahead.
However, on these criticisms, there are those who defend and compare it in another way, saying that it is the free will of the perpetrator – as a defence.
He said that in the dorbar, the VWSC has been ordered to pay only T.10,000 per household, but it has not reached anywhere even though the residents say that the money is with the VWSC. The villagers said that they have been facing many difficulties for many years when they have been spending money from the plan to build toilets but until now they have not received anything from the money allocated by the Government.
Maitshaphrang Mowtyrshiah, Madakynsaw Mowkyndeng and Mookyrdup have qualified for the semifinals of the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
He said that from time to time the village authority has written to the government to return the land and finally in 2008-09 the government has decided not to return the land. The village has decided to accept this and has authorized Bah Stanlywiis Rymbai to complete the necessary works.
When asked about the power of the HNLC as it is now, Bah Manbha said, “The party feels that it is not yet the time to reveal the strength of the party. the strength of the party and whoever is in this party".
The reason is also the fear of embezzlement of government revenue which we can create many posts and jobs according to the level of education.
The Dorbar Shnong has also clarified that there have been no incidents or loss of lives in the violence involving the residents of Lawsohtun in the past year.
This comes after Dulong and Mulang Ialong won the semifinal match on Saturday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The winners of Shella Constituency Got Talent will receive cash prizes along with certificates, mementos and cheques.
Modi said the Government has not given in to the challenge of easy to harvest crops but has looked after the works that have been pending for many years.
So after the prophecies, and after 400 years of God's silence, God sent angels in a dream to Joseph (because God speaks to man in dreams too).
After investigation, the Investigating Officer has charged the accused under Section 376 IPC. Nongpoh, Nailur 04: Dri Phawa has been arrested for violating Section 376 IPC. Nongpoh, Nailur 04: A dumper truck has been arrested for violating Section 376 IPC. A Tempo (AS-25-EC-1550) carrying Register Number AS-01-DC-5497 collided with a Tempo (AS-25-EC-1550) and an Auto Rickshaw parked nearby. ML-10-C-3520 and all three vehicles were destroyed in the accident.
Shillong: The State Government has set a target to start doctoral studies at Shillong Medical College by
Australian wicketkeeper Alex Carey has moved up to 36th after scoring 48 and 66 runs without being dismissed while Nathan Lyon has moved up to sixth position and Scott. Boland is ranked 36th with five wickets in his match.
“I believe the same will happen to Hep, because as I see that they welcome and respect me when I go to their house, so I don't doubt that they will be happy and happy to have me as their wife,” said the woman. Lydia alone in bed.
Mumbai, November 13: "Suzanne has decided to divorce me and end our 17-year marriage," Bollywood actor Hrithik Roshan said in a statement. news today.
This has caused problems even to the Hima Mylliem which is the owner and maintainer of the Iewduh.
Police sources said the shooter has been arrested and they are looking for others involved in encouraging the shooting at the rally.
“Another topic they discussed was to send their views on the desire of the Central Government to introduce the amendment of the Sixth Schedule within this month and in November next year. They may submit it to the Parliamentary Standing Committee, at the same time they may ask for an extension if possible.
The state government has immediately paid the compensation of T.3 lakh to his wife, Asia Khatun, said DC West Garo Hills Pravin Bakshi.
As for Garo Hills, I leave it to the discretion of the Parliamentary Party Leader Dr Mukul Sangma to take the final decision.
In this assistance, some have expressed themselves through the media and social media, while others have worked hard without revealing them all, in their own understanding which we would like to express our gratitude to them all. .
Shillong, Nailar 25: Retired IAS officer Ripnar Lyngdoh has been appointed as the State Information Commissioner of Meghalaya.
So I don't want to argue, I don't want to waste time on such kind of issues that they bring up.
KSU President L. Marngar said that if the Meghalaya government wants the protests to end, it should take a resolution to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
Prestone said the committee led by the Minister of Urban Affairs has discussed the land issue between the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the Shillong Municipal Board and the Urban Affairs Department. There is a recommendation from the committee regarding the signing of a soskular between the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the State Government regarding the land at Iewmawlong.
Vocational training will be part of higher education.
Rangjit Khongsar, who works in Mumbai, who visited Bah Hilarius's shop, said that this is the beginning of the marketing of synsar to the country.
He said the MBoSE has given the reason for the selection of foreign writers because there are very few Khasi writers who came to take part in the Expression of Interest (EOI).
Therefore, the party through this statement urges all the paradoh parasnam to be vigilant and careful about the entry and exit of foreigners.
The Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said that the government will honor this woman who has brought glory to the state.
The Chief Minister said this in response to a Zero Hour Notice submitted by Nongkrem MLA Bah Lambor Malngiang demanding that the Government should repeal the Meghalaya Regulation Gaming Act and Rules, 2021 in the House. Dorbar Thawa Synrai.
The tournament will be held on the 11th and 12th July 2020, at Lawbah, East Khasi Hills District.
Political parties were also reminded that these guidelines prohibiting the use of children during elections were issued by the National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) on 20th July, The Election Commission of India (ECI) will announce on 21st June,
“The President of the PDF has said that joining other political parties without any reason is not the right path.
“The Congress has only 44 MPs, the Communists have nine MPs in the Lok Sabha. They have disrupted the functioning of Parliament and this is a violation of the rights of many,” he said.
Laishnong HSS beat Lumpyrtuh Secondary School 2-1
The 2019 elections have come to an end, but what is surprising is that in the past many years and continuing to this day, there are BJP leaders (and others). four parties) whose thylliej, deals only with religious issues, temple issues, cow issues, Hindu issues and believes that, like India, it does not need other issues, but if the above succeeds, Therefore, the BJP will rule for another 50 years and that is a misconception.
He said that those families who have more money can go to Boko CHC in Kamrup District which is about 50 kilometers away and some can go to Guwahati.
Therefore, the government should introduce and seek legal rules to punish those who break the protocol.9) How many rules have prohibited the government from having to pay for foreigners? I just want to know that so that others won't be surprised.
He said that the Deputy Commissioners will issue passes for those who have to walk and stand for necessary purposes such as going for treatment, giving tickets and going to funeral homes.
Regarding these issues, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills and the Chief Executive Members of JHADC have promised to take action on these issues. you work as much as you can.
The match will start at 12 noon with the final between the Under-14 boys of Mawlai Nongkwar against Motsyiar.
“The following are my views on the NEP2020 as mentioned above:1
KJBWA General Secretary TT Nongsteng said the decision was taken at a meeting of the KJBWA held on the 7th of this month at Umthli near Laitlyngkot.
“We are still following the English law which makes suicide illegal.
Perhaps when I say and speak about that thlen, you will say that it is a superstition.
Robert said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised to look into the matter in talks with the Prime Minister and the Chief Secretary for the purpose of reviewing the matter.
In a letter sent to the President, AT Mondal said, “I would like to inform you that I have resigned from my membership in the Congress and therefore I will not take part in any activities. I request you to accept this”.
He wants us to steal spiritual pain, blessings, and growth because he is like a thief so that he can destroy us.
However, unfortunately, the small size, the involvement of politicians and the involvement in politics, raise doubts about this evidence.
The god Janus was the most important god in Rome because he showed and paved the way between the past and the future and in his right hand he held a stick and showed the travelers to walk in the right path. .
On 13th October 2015, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal issued an order appointing 21 MLAs as Parliamentary Secretaries.
Police suspect that the crime was committed by a person who has just escaped from jail and are still searching for him.
The meeting also decided to demand that the state government should pay the share of GHADC, which is T.55 crore, according to the letter sent by the Council, on 29th November 2020 and They also demanded the use of T.18.20 crore allocated by the Government of India for the payment of salaries of the employees of GHADC and the removal of Rikse R Marak. , who is currently the Secretary of GHADC. He said that if the Prime Minister cannot resolve these demands, the employees of the Council will not take part in the MDC election. on the 9th June 2021 and promised to completely shut down the water supply from the GHADC grounds. However, if these are not required, the employees will stop their work and shut down the water supply to the people through the GHADC well. The government has appointed BJP President Ernest Mawrie and National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad Sangma.
He said that the Supreme Court has already said that the time has come to implement the UCC, but the Hon'ble Court often takes an example from one incident to explain the purpose of the UCC. my expression.
“The ILP is a matter that the Government of India will have to approve and it has the authority to authorize the implementation of the ILP within the country. State of Meghalaya”.
Speaking to reporters, Hek said that so far 297 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District, 261 cases in East Khasi Hills District, 198 cases in BSF, 14 cases in other Army Forces. and 49 civilians.
The training was inaugurated by Dr. D. Lyngdoh, Block Development Officer, Amlarem C&RD Block, in the presence of Lambormi Suchen, SDO. Speaking on the occasion, L.Lanong, Director, CIT, Dr Lyngdoh, urged the trainees to become tour guides and leaders. Take advantage of this training as it is one of the trainings that will help them to work and earn money in the field of Tourist Guide.
About 68 people, including 11 women, have died due to drug abuse in Mizoram till November this year, officials said.
In his book “Jaintia Hills: A Peep into the Past”, SS Laloo tells how the Khadar Dolloi Hills became the Jaintia Hills.
On 1st July, 2020, The Shillong Times, regarding this announcement by Bah Sunn, wrote, “The Meghalaya Assembly Standing Committee on Environment belt of West Khasi Hills during the last two years as 16 new coke factories were given clearance to by the Single Window Agency.
Shillong, November 2: Former KHNAM leader Lurshai Lyngwa has prepared himself to contest the 2018 MLA election from Shillong North constituency.
In West Jaintia Hills, there is only one truck driver and in South Garo Hills, there are two truck drivers.
Lajong's next match will be against Nongrim HillsSC on the 28th of this month.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Isawanda Laloo, today said that 29 Census Towns in East Khasi Hills District will be included in the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA).
The SAM shooters won 10 medals (2 Gold/ 6 Silver/ 2 Bronze), the Gold medal winners were Ms Shirley M.Kharbuli – 25 Meter Sports Pistol (Women) and Dennyson Kyrsain won the Silver medal in the 10 Meter Pistol (Men-Junior) and Rohit Thapa in the 10 Meter Pistol (Men-Junior). Pistol (Men – Senior), Ms Anjali Singh won the 50 Meter Small Bore Sports Rifle-Prone Position (Women) and Dennyson Kyrsain won the 10 Meter Rifle (Men – Junior). 25 Meter Sports Pistol- MQS (Women) and the 25 Meter Sports Pistol- ISSF (Women) category.
Usha also complained that Pooja's six-month-old daughter was raped.
If the SDO says that this letter has not reached the end, there is a shortcoming in the working methods of the office,” he said.
The CSWO acknowledged that according to the report, the production of uranium in the poison is very high.
It may be recalled that the area has been in tension in the past few months over the raid by the Assam police in Khatkasla, which has been lodged by the Jaintia Hills police. After that, when the State Police went to patrol the village at Psiar, they came to the Assam Police to protest and that the Jaintia Hills Police had to retreat to Sahsniang.
Shillong: There have been 172 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 180 recoveries.
To understand the Kingdom of Heaven, one must experience it on earth.
Australia won the World Test Championship by beating India on the fourth day of the final at The Oval.
Shillong, July 22: Filmmakers from Arunachal Pradesh have invited filmmakers from Arunachal Pradesh to participate in the Film North East 2016 to be held at Itanagar in Arunachal Pradesh from 17th to June 2016 at Annexe Lawns, Indira Gandhi Park, Itanagar.
In recent months, Mukesh Ambani's son has invited the world's richest people including Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg and many others to take part in his pre marriage. celebration).
However, we cannot do anything because our country India follows the parliamentary system of democracy which empowers the people to elect their leaders.
But it's enough to cool down your mindHahaha????.
Remember, you are still recovering from this disease that affects your body and it is important to slowly focus on the things you used to do immediately rather than doing them without thinking.
Jowai, Naitung 31: The Raliang District Arts and Culture Organization (RAO) on Saturday held its annual 'Iadaw Masi Rong' festival at Laskeiñ Pamsna Square.
It is worth mentioning that during the inspection of the collection point at Bañiun, it was found that the KHADC has appointed the gate to be operated by the same name of Bah Sdangyoo L Dkhar for three years. .
Economic development should be inclusive and inclusive.
The BJYM has conducted a surprise inspection after receiving many complaints from the public regarding the poor operation of the hospital.
Agriculture was another issue that the Governor spoke on at the Republic Day celebrations at Polo Ground and said that the Agricultural Technology Management Agency (ATMA) has been set up in all 11 districts of the state. worked.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Thursday presented the target of the state to achieve $10 billion income to the World Bank Panel at Meghalaya House, New Delhi.
Other office bearers are as follows:
In Jaitley's budget, the price of cars will be lower, the price of cigarettes will be lower, restaurant meals will be lower, mobile bills will be lower and travel expenses will be lower. by plane or by train is also cheaper.
However, in these days we see with our own eyes and we ourselves have destroyed and destroyed this beautiful image of Mother Earth and we ourselves have destroyed this beautiful image of Nature.
The rivers along the river are rich in rivers especially during the rainy season.
The High Court has directed the government to provide the names of those people involved in running the illegal coal mines and the steps taken to punish them according to the law.
In November 2013,.
The Maharaja of Hyderabad, who had thousands of soldiers, attacked by force, but within three days after many of his soldiers were killed and his camps were destroyed, you've got toin.
The Pastor said that the idea of ​​Aadhaar Number was born in April 1999 after the Kargil War during the tenure of Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee but it was born again in 2009, after 10 years under the leadership of the UPA II government led by the Congress.
The damage is less than T.2 lakh due to the incident.
The Executive Committee (EC) of the All India Football Federation (AIFF) on Tuesday evening discussed the participation of the Under-23 team in the Asian Games. , after the clubs of the Indian Super League (ISL) refused to release the players to represent India in the tournament.
His dominion is an everlasting dominion that shall not pass away, and his kingdom one that shall not pass away.
Thus, the tourism industry has grown from one year to another due to the implementation of various schemes or projects in relation to meeting the needs and desires of tourists. ).
“We have sent this Bill to the JHADC for consideration, but we have not received a reply for more than a year. The Khasi who live in Jaintia Hills because as we know the Khasi Pnars are part of Hynniewtrep,” said Bah Bindo.
Then the Lyngngam and the Garo went out to bury the demon.
He said that about 10% of the land has not been received from the owners while 90% has been handed over to the NHIDCL for the construction of the road.
East Khasi Hills has 51 cases, West Garo Hills 12, Ri Bhoi 28, West Jaintia Hills 12, South West Khasi Hills 9, Eastern West Khasi Hills 2, South West Garo Hills 6, North Garo Hills 15, East Garo Hills 6, East Jaintia Hills 3, West Khasi Hills 10 and South Garo Hills
We should be concerned about the unemployed youth who cut wood to feed their children.
Of these, 8 million were in the Aztec Empire alone, until that empire collapsed completely.
“The government has promised to set up a committee regarding the implementation of the roster system which includes members from all political parties,” he said.
In this way, the relationship between God and man and between fellow creatures has been destroyed, destroyed and destroyed.
The Online Application will start from 1st June,
Furthermore, he urged the people to have a sense of longtrai for this bridge and to protect and clean this bridge which the government has built from the bridge. He said that the construction of the bridge will be completed as soon as possible.
“Their Act East Policy is like a Visit East Policy where Indian ministers visit without doing anything,” he said.
He said that in these days another form of smoking called Electronic Nicotine Delivery System has emerged which is very popular among the youth. long to get diabetes, high blood pressure, rheumatoid arthritis, rheumatism, rheumatism, shadem and so on.
He said that the working relationship with him in this regard will help in the smooth running of the work and will improve the work in the coming days.
Then the days passed, on the 3rd Pateng Syiem he came to Syiem Synriang, Blei-Trekirot Kynrad asked him the same questions and at the same time he received an answer that pleased him. (Blei the Creator).
"On my part, since the incident (the collapse of the Assembly Dome), I agree that there will be a team of inquiry to find out the facts," he said. .
The bird also wants to play football and the incident occurred in Brazil, where the bird, hit the heads of female football players, while they were playing on the field.
Shopkeepers from all over Shillong and outside Shillong have gathered this evening to wait for the EM of KHADC and Chairman of KHCF, Bah Antonio War. To talk to them before they close the Monolith Festival but at the time of writing of this news at 11:20 pm, Bah Antonio has not arrived and the people are still waiting for him at the venue.
Nongpoh, Nailar 23: The Ri Bhoi Dorbar today came forward to stand on the ground to strongly oppose the proposal of the state government to introduce a at the Casino in Bho.
Therefore, in writing, perhaps it is no longer possible to write khunksew, khunmiaw, khunkhnai and it should be written in order by khunksiew, khuntun and khunjiap to be strong, happy and stable in one's family heritage.
Recently, the Minister of Sports urged the schools and colleges to implement the sports policy in their schools and the government will assist those schools and colleges which cannot implement it.
Therefore, the government should focus on these two issues, namely the Police Battalion and the Meghalaya Regiment to provide employment to the youth.
The CEC, Jowai on 17th July elected its new office bearers for the term 2023-2
Many of his relatives also left Rangblang and spread all over the place.
In the Girls Single U-15, Netania Tariang defeated Deiphishisha Dohling.
Meanwhile, in Jowai, the Shad Sukra Festival started on Saturday and ended on Sunday.
The arrest of these five persons is a threat to the ULFA(I) and its activities in the area.
Like others, it can promise the sun and the moon too.
According to the sources, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh of the NPP is sufficient, but she has been reputed to have been covered up in her name along with court cases which are doubtful. the public.
On this occasion, Bah, Shynshar Lyngkhoi handed over the donation to the family of this woman, in the presence of the elders who have participated in this charity work. the elders of Jashiar.
Looking at the political parties, the ADR said that out of the 57 candidates nominated by the NPP, 43 are crorepati.
“Therefore, the demand for its own Government office from one district to another is nothing, but the intention is to create misunderstanding and distrust among the indigenous people. On the other hand, speaking on the demand for the implementation of the Roster System, the Leader recalled that after the decision of the Court on the implementation of the Roster System, One political party has launched a protest to demand a review of the employment quota.
All he could say was, “How Bahbah...how Kongkong...Ïe.
A group of smugglers in Byrnihat area, who used to smuggle coal, shyiap, stone and other goods, have to put these goods in the areas under Assam. They have already paid the tax at the Umling tax collection point, but these smugglers have expressed their deep sorrow, because now they have to pay tax. Pay the tax at the new Weigh Bridge at 13Mer.
These four MLAs include Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang MLA, Mayraldborn Syiem, Nongpoh MLA, Jason S. Mawlong, Umsning MLA, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, Mawhati MLA and George. B.Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, said that to know the plight of those who are really suffering from food shortage, they have distributed foodgrains to many poor families and also urged the village leaders. in their respective constituencies to inform if there are any people who are facing difficulties in getting food.
We have talented youth but there is something that hinders them and we need to find a way to overcome these challenges and as youth we need to take responsibility”.
In fact, the opposition members had wanted to meet the Governor but as he was not present on that day, they handed it over to the Principal Secretary of the Governor.
Das, the owner of a tea shop in Bishnupur, was seriously injured and about half of his body burnt down after he was hit by three youths who came to drink from the shop. his store at 11 a.m. on Saturday.
For more information please call +9
The body of Soro was found at Ryngdang near Umiam on Monday.
Vikash Nandwal was seriously injured when his body caught fire after the robbers threw petrol on him.
He was also tested positive for coonavirus by RT-PCR.
Meanwhile, another village in Riwar (Pynursla) area which has been said to be a tourist destination with beautiful natural beauty, is Shilliangjashar, which is only 13 km away. and Pynursla.
The MLAs who lost their tickets are UR Romawia, former government minister, former government minister Lalrinmawia Ralte and Deputy Speaker Lalrinawma.
The festival was held as part of the preservation and development of this plant, which appears only during these rainy seasons and hides underground during other months.
He said that in the coming year, the government is working to increase revenue by closing down all the sources of tax evasion.
After a while, the members moved closer to the road to the place where the Mot of Kiang Nangbah is located.
According to the family members of the village, Bah Saiñdur Nongbsap, Secretary of Mawlaingut Village, the victim has been missing since 26th June.
The only thing that makes us a little sad is the bad condition of the road.
Meeting of Sports Ministers : The two-day National Conference of Sports Ministers of States/UTs was held at Kevadia (Gujarat) between 24th & 25th July, 2022 to consult on a framework for strengthening the country’s sports infrastructure.
Conrad K Sangma said that they are the ones who said that this election will show clearly the true nature and intention of the MDA Government and through the result it has shown that it is not necessary. but the people themselves gave their answer.
On the 20th, Mynthong will play against Niaw Wasa United at 1.30 pm.
“The introduction of T.1000 and T.500 notes should not prevent counterfeit money, theft money, counterfeit money but to please some traders,” he said.
As part of its denial of the allegation of involvement in the incident, the TMC confirmed that this was due to family reasons.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle has alleged that Bangladeshi suspects have robbed and looted a liquor shop in Darrang village, Amlarem Sub Division.
But, no, it’s not.
Two youngsters, Wanpynshai Syiemlieh from Mawïaban and Banteilang Ïawphniaw from Seven United Mawthohthang, won the title of the best player in the tournament.
At the same time, they said that if they cannot cancel the MoU, the people of the village together with others who have come to support, said that they will not sit still. However, they will hold stronger protests because they do not want the land inside the village to be given to Assam by Conrad Sangma or Prestone Tynsong.
However, we still have hope and I have already phoned the General Secretary of the party to arrange for the talks and I think Bah Embhah is also ready to come to the table,” said Bah Titos.
In a letter sent to the Village Authorities, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South Central East Circle, Pynursla, expressed its deep sorrow and regret over the excessive deterioration of the road from Pynursla. to Dawki NH-40 and the unfair treatment and lack of census by the authorities in charge of the residents of Riwar Mihngi, Pynursla. A meeting of Village Authorities, Leaders of Vehicle Owners and Drivers Unions to discuss and discuss the excessive deterioration of this road and to take strong decisions against the relevant authorities. who have turned a blind eye to this problem of the people.
In Manipur, the UCC has been introduced and the Manipur High Court has granted citizenship to Meitei farmers to get land, jobs and other rights.
“Let the police do their job, to investigate and find out the people involved in this case,” she said.
They will also be able to find their own ways in this age.
At the same time, Shillong received 25.4mm of rainfall while Umiam received 17.4mm.
In a statement, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, said that the State Government has received information from IIT Guwahati that it is ready to come and take over as the third team to investigate the case. This happened in Mawdiang.
Before, visitors only wanted to go sightseeing, but now they not only want to explore the places, but they also want to see and find out about the culture.
Have you ever seen this? It is not the people of the nation who allow the mynder first.
“The country is trying to fulfill its responsibility through PM CARES for Children,” he said.
Southampton, one of the clubs in the English Premier League who have struggled to move up to the top of the table, have announced the name of Ruben Selles as the new manager.
“We will finally settle this matter with the HPC as it has been pending for seven years and after the settlement and understanding, we will sign the necessary documents for the transfer of them to HPC. The land has been prepared in the quarters of the Shillong Municipal Board which has also temporarily housed the office of the Board,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar.
The JHADC also said that if it is not according to the agreement, the Town Committee cannot be revived.
Jowai, July 14: The Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament-2022 was held on Tuesday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Stadium, Jowai.
These incidents continue to stir up the spirit of the people, where the problem is that some of the people have not yet accepted or understood the value of vaccination. (vaccination), because there are many reasons, which people do not believe or accept, but those who understand, come forward to give vaccination, which is the only weapon that can protect themselves and spirit to others.
Shillong: Four people have died of covid-19 in Meghalaya today.
Members of the Seng had stopped shooting due to the presence of paradoh parasnam that night and the Seng soldiers had also refused to shoot the guards at the factory.
Witnesses said that Phailang Lamare, a driver of a motorcycle coming from Shillong, collided with the truck coming from the opposite direction to Guwahati. .
The meeting was conducted by the Vice President of WJDSA, Bah Patrick Lamare who expressed his gratitude, praise and encouragement to them to continue their hard work in the field of sports.
Subsequently, on July 26, the DFO issued an order that the challans are not valid for the export of coal to Bangladesh.
Shillong, Naitung 24: Traffic jam at Mawlong Market has been increasing almost every day due to the entry of trucks in the morning.
Liverpool are top of the table with 85 points, Manchester City are second with 83 points, Tottenham Hotspur on 67 points and Chelsea on 67 points. fourth, 66 points.
Whoever opposes the will of God will find success in his life. Because God Himself will fulfill His purpose. .
They also said that one person from Salmara Region, near Phulbari, Meghalaya has tested positive for Covid-19 and many others are in Goalpara District.
The Secretary Shnong of Umlong, Ma Silad Pohtmi, gave his full support to the public hearing and said that the Dorbar Shnong has already accepted it and the documents have been paid. Bijen Rupsi has already paid.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 20.96 lakh and the death toll has risen to 53,866 with 977 deaths today.
Therefore, according to the understanding of the Meghalaya government, the farmers of the state have been treated too badly.
“There has been a discussion on joining the NPP, but we will take a decision in due course and we will inform everyone, but as of now I cannot say anything on this issue because I don't want to decide alone," he said.
If this could be done, perhaps diseases would not be as widespread as they are today.
“Kmie, it's time to pay for school.
Robusta is more resistant to tree damage than arabica, so arabica can be planted in land without trees. Coffee has many pests and diseases. him.
This is the first time in 2019 that the rainfall has happened after the drought in the past many months and this has not only happened in Shillong, but also in Shillong. The cyclone has affected the rural villages of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
The visit of these two MLAs to support the NPP has shocked not only the political parties, but also the supporters.
Although recently it was seen that these people through the Harijan Panchayat Committee have demanded that they should be given 200 square meters of land and also the cost of building a house, but to take this decision is now up to them. and the government’s experience of how to do it.
The entry of water into the raw material has caused huge losses.
The Secretary welcomed the explainers as well as the people of the village who came in larger numbers than expected.
Earlier, Congress supporters had sought a candidate from Shella constituency but in the end they believed that only Leston could defeat Shella MLA Dr. Donkupar Roy who has led Shella for more than 30 years. In the 2013 MLA election, Leston was defeated by Dr. Don by only 355 votes. At that time, he contested as an independent candidate. Congress ticket.
He urged the residents to come forward for testing so that they can protect themselves, their families and the community.
According to the General Secretary of KSU NEHU Unit, “Nantu Das had gone to pick up the woman from Umshypi and started throwing his hands at her in the car. The woman struggled and with the grace of God, she escaped from the attack by the foreigner.
In the 20 states, 19.9 million Democrats have cast their ballots, while Republicans have 13 million cast ballots and 10.1 million unaffiliated cast ballots. They didn't get a count, they didn't vote.
Haryana Chief Minister Manohal Lal Khattar today confirmed that he has tested positive for the corona virus.
He said that in his opinion, the elections should not be held too late until June or June but should be held in June or October because if it is too late, it doesn't make sense.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has announced that it will hold an Open Basketball Tournament for men and women.
in lane to the PFC, Ground Floor, Deputy Commissioner's Office, Shillong.
The day was enriched by songs and performances by the youth who came to be trained in this field.
Besides the damage to crops, the cold weather has also damaged up to 40 houses in Niawkmai.
“The goal of the NRLM is to set up SHGs and every woman in the household should be a member of the SHGs. There are 5200 Village Origination Forums (VOs) in the state and the government is now planning to set up a Cluster Level Forum (CLF) to make it easier for the farmers to provide information. about state government schemes".
The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), Jowai Unit on Tuesday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District demanding that he should increase the number of students studying at Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Community College. in Revelation.
With the departure of Kong Phalin, the Sohra Constituency will soon see the contest of two women, one of whom is Kong Lakyntiew Sohkhlet, who will contest from the Congress.
Thus, it takes time for the Khasi to grow in the economy.
The matches of the tournament will be played at four stadiums in Shillong, Tura, Jowai and Mawkyrwat.
Conrad said the MDA-II Government has agreed to appoint three speakers including three Ministers; They are Ampareen Lyngdoh, Marcuse Marak and Paul Lyngdoh.
The NPP has called the document the People's Document as it outlines the work for Meghalaya.
Paul Lyngdoh, EM incharge of Trade, said, “This is the third time that we have received licenses from large villages after we visited Iewduh in Upper Mawprem in Mawbah area. I'm not sure what to do.
When the rainy season comes again, we will experience terrible floods as we have seen in the past until the floods and the collapse of houses and mountains.
The complaint said it was later clarified that the questions from the QRST list were the correct ones for answering, which adversely affected the mental capacity of teenagers who had already spent valuable time to try to write a part of MNOP that should never be written.
The SPC and MEPA pray to God Almighty to console their families and loved ones during this darkness.
The two Chowkidars led the police to the scene where five persons had broken the pla but the most surprising thing was that the pla contained a dead body inside.
He said that this game is an old game and has been revived and introduced under the Sports Department.
Arnav Chachan, Chairman, while talking to reporters, said that the party has already built a toilet and repaired a house at Balika Vidhalaya School, Keating Road, Shillong. I'm going to this school.
The public roads and market places have been filled with vendors and have been turned and spread at will until the roads have been blocked by street vendors and illegal traders, Dkhars and Khasi.
He said that if the provisions of Article 3 cannot be followed, the MoU cannot come into force.
To announce the full functioning of the union, a meeting was held on Monday (03-10-2022) at Laitpynter Village, East Khasi Hills District. The meeting was attended by President, Shaibor Nongrum, Vice President, General Secretary, Executive Committee members and vendors.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Mowkaiaw Circle has welcomed seven Congress supporters from Umdeinlin Village.
He said the District Committee has directed to complete the work by 31st November
After this, the SF-10 was established and there were no new battalions.
The flag will be raised at 11:30 am followed by various programmes.
The Union also decided to urge all the Kurs in West Khasi Hills to have their own Seng Kurs, and to recognize the Kurs by law and The committee also wants the Clan Bill 2018 of KHADC to become law.
Bah Laitmiet was admitted to CHC Sohra for treatment.
“By God, on the 26th July, 2024 we had a meeting with the members of the Council of Niambah Shillong, the Parish Priest of Upper Shillong and the Elders where we decided to The opening ceremony of the Parish Mawnianglah,” said Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh.
On the government's residence bill, Ardent also questioned the right of residents to vote and on this, Mukul Sangma said the government is considering to demand from the government. India for the amendment of the People's Representative Act.
He said that the reason for the ban on the entry and exit of the residents is because the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli is against the installation of the KAAC revenue collection gate within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong.
Panah took me to the Regal Restaurant.
Nongstoiñ, July 31: U Bah Polestar Nongsiej, while speaking at a public meeting at Mawlangkhat on Friday, said that he is determined to do if the people elect him, to improve education in Mawlangkhat. in the Constituency and in the State as a whole.
“The union has spoken to the Deputy Commissioner on this issue and the union cannot accept the railway line because we don't want East Jaintia Hills to become the gateway to the authorities. ".
“Deisy is still at home...? When will you come back to our house?
The death toll has risen to seven and all of them have not been injected.
Sunday Sungoh scored the first goal of the match.
Shillong, July 06: The President of the BJP Meghalaya on Monday congratulated the state government for taking the initiative to start peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (BNLF). HNLC).
The Israelites had to go through many tests and problems.
“Bah Mayborn also said that he has already shaken hands and taken pictures with all the politicians, that does not mean that he is with those political parties.
There were 66 teams from all over the state who came to take part in the tournament.
“The Seng also said that in 2010, the office of the Executive Engineer, DHS, Meghalaya, Shillong had issued Work Orders to seven (7) Contractors for the construction of the project. staff housing and medical facilities.
He said that in fact it was planned to hold it only once but it could be held two or three times according to the demand of the work.
He urged the students to work hard to improve in their studies to become human beings in their lives so that they can contribute to the country and society.
The former Chaiperson not only took part in the election campaign but also had to attend three meetings but failed in all four meetings and this is why she was not qualified to take over as Chairperson of the the MSCW,” said Paul.
The leader himself should listen to the good example of others, such as the ancestors, the chiefs, the elders, the elders or even those who are still in power when it is good.
Regarding the takeover of the Sub-Centres by the HANS Foundation, HITO will consider the MoU signed between them and the government and will sit down to consider before taking any action. .
She also reminded that in the past, archery was only a sport but now it has become one of the games that can save lives if the participants can use their skills properly.
In fact, it was the family members who supported her talent as a Judo fighter and she excelled in this sport.
Police have completed all the investigations and handed over the body to the family members so that they can perform the last rites.
Referring to the government's claim that by bringing revenue to the state through these vacancies, Bah Robert said that the government has chosen to bring in revenue from the youth of the state. He said that in fact, the government's reasons are just reasons because the state will receive only a small amount of revenue because most of the revenues will be stolen.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñlang N Syiem today decided not to resign from the post of MLA or MDC. Speaking to reporters in his room, Bah Pynshngain said he has not done anything wrong and there is no question that he should resign. claim.
Shillong, July 30: A Maruti Van (ML-05 1473) driven by Peter Marweiñ, 22, collided with a child at 4:20 pm on Tuesday. He was 3 years old and was known as Badonbor Lyngdoh in Jaiaw, Shillong.
Earlier, they threatened to go ahead with an indefinite strike if their salaries remained unpaid.
The Court also sentenced him to 10 years imprisonment for his involvement in other cases filed under the Indian Penal Code and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act. Act.
Carrie is the daughter of singer Eddie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds and entered the film industry in Shampoo and Warren Beatty.
JOWAI: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has conducted a raid on Trading License and Labor License in Bakur and Dawki villages and found many suspected Bangladeshis who do not have proper documents. trading inheritance.
(4) He advised the people not to leave their goods but to try to take them to the nearest market so that their goods would not spoil.
I replied briefly, “Go and ask those who write - Ex.Sordar, Ex.Headmaster, Ex.MLA, Ex.Minister...”It's not just you and those others who ask, but if you are Readers, you should also see the question of Bah D.Lyngdoh, Nonglyngkien and my answer in 2018 which appeared in the Khasi newspapers.
Shillong, Nailar 6: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through the Ministry of Education, has expressed its dissatisfaction with the time taken by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to issue the list of students who will be able to attend school. to the doctor lines.
According to sources, Bah Joe, who is well known as a leader of the FKJGP, has decided to leave the political arena after serving in the FKJGP. It is understood that the FKJGP leader has been approved by the United Democratic Party (UDP) to nominate him as a candidate for the 2018 elections. and North Shillong.
Jha was taken by Inspector Y Chettri and Bihar Police on 18th June to arrest him.
During the outbreak of Covid-19, many people have reached the point of depression, sadness, despair, loneliness and self harm.
I want the intelligent public to judge and find out the truth.
At the same time, he directed the market dwellers to strictly follow the guidelines of the health department of the state government.
The Seng has urged the police department to take immediate action to arrest the perpetrators.
The incident took place in the Madhab Bari area.
During the investigation, police have found evidence of Genekelly's involvement and arrested him on Sunday.
Those who violate the law of the kur shall be expelled from the village, those who violate the law of the village shall be expelled from the village, those who violate the law of the church shall be expelled from the church. .
If the Government had taken action immediately after the announcement of the spread of covid-19 to other countries and monitored the movement of people from or abroad, to prevent the spread of to quarantine those people who come from abroad or who have had contact with foreigners living in a country where there is a pandemic, I am confident that India will and thou shalt not be afflicted with the sword of the pestilence.
Earlier, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh urged the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to work together to expedite the construction of the Western Bypass to reduce traffic jam in Shillong.
Furthermore, the Crop Insurance Scheme (Pradhan Mantri Crop Insurance Yojana) has not been implemented by the state government to assist the farmers.
They were followed by other horsemen carrying the Cross.
The march was large and crowded with up to eight buses.
Besides demanding the dropping of the cases against the HNLC members, the HNLC leaders also want the government to drop the cases filed against them by the NIA. On 30th November 2022, the Special Judge (NIA), Shillong, issued notices to HNLC Leaders Bobby Marwein, Marius Rynjah and Nongtraw in connection with the IED blast in East Jaintia Hills in
“At present, some funds have been allocated for the implementation of the railway project, but as the work has not progressed, the Government of India will ask how long this fund will be allocated. .
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) also requested all the beneficiaries to send their Aadhaar numbers to the grocery stores for the smooth operation of the e-POS device.
Customize:Many Khasi elders have written dulir/pata on the land to themselves and to their sons or nephews.
Three more people have recovered from covid-19 in the state, bringing the total number of recoveries to
The case also discussed the plight of 100 households living on the border of Meghalaya, who have been affected by the border dispute between the two states.
Speaking to reporters, Mondal said the government has released 50% of the 2022 MNREGS funds last month. will take steps to talk to the government to release the remaining 50%.
Shillong, Lber 02: Out of the 12 issues requested by the Ministry of Home Affairs, the need for the participation of all residents who have reached the age of election to elect the Rangbah Shnong, is one issue. The Village Administration Bill (VAB) of the KHADC has been passed.
We MLAs are worried about only one constituency because it is not easy.
She also expressed her gratitude to Rangbah Firstly Syad and the entire 4-Mowkaiaw Block Congress Committee (BCC).
If the Assam government does not release them, they will not be able to take other routes and it could put the people in the area in great trouble.
“The budget for the health sector is the highest in the country, as we want to strengthen and modernize the health sector,” he added.
However, it is sad to know that on the 23rd June 2023, two trucks came to park in the ground floor of the hospital and to carry the medical equipment to the hospital. Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat.
“In the last meeting, we met with a delegation from the Government of India and the Government of Assam.
The Rangbah Shnongs have taken this step after the High Court's decision on the 13th of this month and the government's decision to ban government employees from holding posts. village or to become a member of any organization by amending the Meghalaya Service and Conduct Rules.
Members of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) have also been ordered to resign.
The new MPs of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) today re-elected Narendra Modi as the Leader of the MPs in Parliament.
Supported Marbaniang 30kg Male Mawlai Umjaiur,
The court said that the fourth person, Shahbaz Hussain, will be released by the lower court according to its order.
It convened the first council to teach how to eat, how to drink, how to farm, how to farm, through the law of “Earn Righteousness.
The three arrested were identified as Kyrshan Lyngdoh Marbaniang, Meljohn Ramshon and Ropsing Nongpluh.
Once upon a time there was a high priest who was also the ruler of a place called Surong-Sumer-Umthli, whose name was Buhsing tymmen as they called him. other places, where they were lyngkar without a ruler, he tried to devise how to increase his priesthood.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Body on Tuesday visited Mukroh village to visit the families of the victims of the shooting death by the Assam Police on 22/11/2
Sangma said the government regularly talks to the district councils, and said, “There are some areas where we have seen that up to 95 per cent of the concerns have been resolved; and only a few issues remain and we will discuss with all the ADCs.
The remaining matches will be continued on another day.
He said that the fire department is very strong because it is connected to every household and the government is facing a lot of difficulties to alleviate the fire shortage in the state.
“Since I was in the Opposition, I have wanted to get a Civil Sub Division in Mawlai constituency but at that time I was not in power and that is why I could not approve the government to get it,” he said. said Mr. Sawkmie.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Ampareen admitted that she has had discussions on this issue and on her part, although she has not yet decided, she will consider if the legal process allows. could be a candidate.
On the other hand, Bah Kharshandi, VPP candidate from this constituency, while speaking at the meeting, said, “Everything is the guidance of God and what is needed is if we can cleanse don't be afraid of corruption.
Shillong, Nailar 28 : The Meghalaya Cement Limited (TOPCEM) on Monday apologized to the public and temporarily suspended two employees who used insulting language during the protest against the Public Hearing. The meeting was held to promote the project of the company on 24th July.
The great loss of the nation in the field of music, how can we pay back? There is only a memory; Some painful diseases are gone, sorrows and sorrows are gone, Let us go in peace to our Creator, our souls will rest.
If those friends of ours (Garo) are happy just because we demand what is right, it is clear and witness that they stand on the wrong ground.
The relatives of these two youths have also searched around the area for them and have also asked for help from the public regarding the disappearance.
The training was conducted under the 'Ek Bharat Shreshtrha Bharat' scheme of the Government of India.
On the lack of teachers in Government schools, the Minister said that the previous MDA Government has taken good care in showing the works to repair the school buildings. hundreds of which have been destroyed and there are still schools in need of repair.
The health departments of the two districts, East and West Jaintia, will have to monitor further on the driver's license to curb the spread of the disease.
Here in Bri U Hynniewtrep, we know how to take care of our young children.
On World Autism Day, Dr Vasant Khalatkar (National IAP President 2025) wants us to provide special training to spread awareness about Autism Spectrum Disorder, by focusing on “Knowledge about Autism, Timely and early treatment is the most important issue for the well-being of those affected by this disease.
Before Prestone Tynsong and other Government Ministers arrived at the Entry Point, there were leaders and members of the Sengbhalang who arrived at the Entry Point. This Entry Point has been opened.
The HYC Leader said that the action of these foreigners, who used a ticket to Silchar and landed at the place, was only to escape being arrested at the Infiltration at Byrnihat.
The KHADC delegation has been in Tripura since 25th June, 2023 to discuss with the TTAADC leadership how to strengthen the special protection laws for the tribals.
In fact, the people need their own MLA no matter whether they support him or not.
We also urge the people not to be afraid of the food and beverages, as the village will work hard to ensure that the food and other necessities reach the village shops at the prices set by the government.
The DC said that the Sengbhalang will have to bear the responsibility for the loss of government property as well as public property damaged during the protests and will also have to pay the compensation.
The rally will be held on the 18th of November at Jail Road Boys Higher Secondary School, Shillong at 10 pm as part of the 45th Anniversary of the party.
On the other hand, the union is ready to cooperate with the government on this issue for the benefit of the people, because even they are concerned because this does not only affect them. but also for themselves, and for their children, if they eat such fish.
According to information received, the cold weather has affected only Shillong while other neighboring areas like Sohra have experienced the cold weather.
The meeting was attended by executive members of KHADC, MDCs, leaders from various departments, Hima Mawphlang and the team to prepare for the festival.
This area where Ma HH Mohrmen lives, is an area where the JHADC has tried to protect the forests, but now it is filled with houses and there are only a few areas where there is still forest. The water that is still clean flows into the Wah Myntdu.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the environmental clearance of Star Cement Meghalaya Limited for the project in Lumshnong has been issued by the Government of India.
He is a well-known, respected person who is respected and respected by his family, community and society.
He held many positions throughout his life and faithfully served the people of the state wholeheartedly, his footsteps , his qualities and his spirit of dedication will forever be remembered.
Shillong, July 11: Due to the irregularities and irregularities in the recruitment of youth of the country who have passed the examinations at various levels from the DSC, MPSC in various departments of the country. Government, as well as private companies in the state, the youth of Jaintia Hills held a meeting on the 6th of this month 2016 at Khliehriat to discuss and discuss this issue.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the meeting, the Minister said that the objectives of the Government are to develop the rural and urban areas and to help the farmers to increase their income by which markets the produce.
This tourist attraction was started in 2019 after Bah Shestar visited Sohra, Dawki, Mawlynnong who was inspired by his friends to build it as a tourist attraction because of the beauty of this place in Nongmahir. There is this large river with up to five islands.
After the rituals from Khlieh Iewduh, the rituals were performed at the foot of the Iewduh with a knia ka khriam at Basa Tympew and the children of the Raid Mylliem performed a dance.
The number of cases of covid-19 in Los Angeles rose by 2,542 on Tuesday, the highest daily increase in the past few months.
It is not known why Matt and Jimmy hate each other and Matt has decided that he will never want to be close to Jimmy and will fight to get away from the manager of the talk show.
Manchester United are currently fifth in the Premier League after winning two and losing one in three.
We have to talk well first because the government has its own rules that it has to follow and we cannot take a decision now”.
Shillong: “We have left our state to go on election duty in West Bengal. We have seven (7) companies from the 6th Battalion, but we have survived because they pay us only T.150/- per month. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said a source from the battalion, who is still in West Bengal to patrol the Lok Sabha elections.
Children may also have a stable place on the head.
The inspection was led by Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, President of FKJGP Mawhati Circle, and other HYC leaders from Mawhati. The Umsiang River is located in Assam.
In April this year, the Chief Minister had visited the hospital and promised that the government will make the hospital adequate.
Fulnessy tied for 7 runs from 19 balls and Indarikor for 6 runs from 28 balls.
This statement came after a statement from groups and public leaders from Jaintia Hills, who expressed their opposition to the inclusion of the Pnar language in the State Anthem.
The number of cases has also increased significantly in two states, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra.
“Nurul applied for bail but was rejected by the court and remanded in judicial custody for 14 days,” police said.
To cooperate with all Sports Organizations for the promotion of sports.
They said that this is the age of computers and children born in the last 10 years have no problem in using it even though they have not received any training while those who are older have difficulty in using it. if they hadn’t already learned.
West Garo Hills Police and the SP have ordered Dango to appear at Tura Police Station every day and there are others whom the police are preparing to summon.
Although they have not yet announced their candidacy for the 2018 election, it is understood from the voice of the people that they are busy going up and down to enter people's homes and introduce themselves as candidates for the 2018 election.
First of all, the roads are bad.
Six cases have been confirmed from Nalbari, five from Kamrup Rural and two from Kamrup Metro district.
Members of these organizations also shouted slogans of condemnation against the Prime Minister at the same time against the NDA government. “No CAB yes ILP” and on the same day there was also a short meeting at Nonbah Bridge.
He also congratulated the Shnong Padu Pyllun for the peace and order in the village because there is no discrimination between one religion and another religion even though there are many religions in this village. village.
I cannot forget those times (in 1995-96) when Bah Sumar worked with the PTI in New Delhi.
Bah Jason S Mawlong, MLA of the area, said that the village is fortunate to have such equipment, and it is up to the villagers to take care of it and especially to be an example to other villages. cleanliness of the morning, for beauty and especially health.
In this regard, all the members of the family are invited to take part in this special ceremony.
The area is expected to be a fierce battleground against Hamas militants.
This was confirmed by Samla Biangbor Sangriang, President KSU Kriangrin Area Unit during a surprise inspection by the KSU after receiving a complaint from the residents living near the factory.
The use of mobile phones and other electronic devices is inevitable in this age.
At 10.30 pm, Rev.HS Dann gave a message from the book of Isaiah 59:8
There will be 3 levels of security and the CAPF to look after the 2nd and 3rd floors.
The UDP candidate will have to contest against the Congress candidate Bah Carnes Sohshang who is not the incumbent MDC and other candidates from the NPP and VPP. They continued their protest in East Jaintia Hills District to demand an increase in wages.
We see that like the Central Government and other State Governments, Meghalaya also spends more on Revenue Expenditure which does not bring any benefits while Capital Expenditure, which is the most important, is less.
Shillong: U Bah Brolding Nongsiej, Minister in charge of Water Resources, on Thursday, 5th July 2022, visited three villages including the Water Resources Department. Dangar Dop, Lalpani and Nongdiesyiar, which border Bangladesh, are in the midst of flooding every rainy season, due to heavy rains, which have been destroyed and destroyed their houses in the river called you are Umngi.
Samla Sunshine Makri, President of UCPC, was accompanied by Bah RB Shadap, former President and other leaders of the UCPC. Samla Sunshine Marki has applied for ticket from the UDP party to contest the 2023 elections in the state. Umsning, who has not yet announced whether he will get the UDP ticket or the UCPC.
Passengers to Iewduh take more than 2.5 hours to reach 7mer, as the traffic jam increases as they descend to Iewduh and especially from Umshyrpi to Iew Mawlong.
The elders of the Eaka said that the arrival of these coal burning factories up to more than 35 tylii has caused air pollution and coal smoke which can put the people at risk due to the air.
God does not change, His laws will not change, let us look at these words of reminder in “Solomon Night”, the Lord said to Him, If I shut up the heavens that there will be no rain, or if I command the locusts to destroy the land.
Therefore, all those who have been charged are requested to come to the office to pay the charges before the stipulated time.
Speaking on science, Teibor said that the world is filled with gadgets and machines, all of which are from science.
In South West Khasi Hills, 68 houses have been damaged and 39 houses have been damaged.
Jadhav, who has been making a name for himself in the tournament since 2010, has so far played 93 matches and scored 1,196 runs to his name.
Ramvilas Paswan – Minister of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution7.
The khar waikhuti is rich in income, while the owners of the land are rich and prosperous.
They include Damut Bang and Palmon Sari from Lad Mukhla village.
The method of fishing is also according to the area and also according to the species of fish in that area.
Furthermore, to purchase CCTV cameras to be installed in Ïewduh and surrounding villages.
The Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, who is also one of the BJP leaders in Meghalaya, has met with the BJP leader in New Delhi to discuss the preparations for the Lok Sabha elections. He also took the opportunity to meet with several Union Ministers.
Police suspect that the kidnappers were involved in extortion.
In a letter sent to the SP, HITO said that it has received complaints from many people regarding the entry of foreigners into the state. as they please without any searches.
On the other hand, PHE Minister Marcuise Marak in his speech said that farmers are the backbone of society, and under the leadership of CM Conrad Sangma, the government has opened many farmers. programs and schemes aimed at the welfare of the farmers.
He said that when comparing the votes in the last MLA and MDC elections, it was seen that the UDP received more votes than other hill parties.
Officers from various government departments also explained to the residents of Nongspung and Nongsohpian on the schemes of the CMAY-G to benefit the people including the PMAY-G scheme. , PM Kissan, PMUY, MGNREGA, JJM, health and others related to health.
“Furthermore, he said that the cow that is slaughtered and sold in the market is good.
Speaking to u Rangbah Shnong, Lumpyngngad, Nongthymmai, he said that there was a strong earthquake at the time of the explosion. Three Scooty vehicles were hit by the vehicle and another was hit by a sied at a distance of 50 feet from the scene.
A little bit about the IOA, I have written in my book (Annex 6th Schedule).
Pynbhalang Kharsati scored 23 runs from 31 balls while Damanbha Roini tied 22 runs from 10 balls.
However, in reality, farmers work as one of the sources of income for their families, communities, the state as well as the country as a whole.
The total number of Khasi, Nepali and Garo in the area is about 20,0
AI is a California-based company that came to Shillong in 2021 and is also the first international business process outsourcing company to open its office in Shillong.
After 400 years of silence, that WORD of God became flesh and blood which means He came to be a man on this earth.
Only the Syiemsad and the Soh Blei should know the items on the tree.
Fridays for Future recently staged a protest at the PWD office in Barik between 12th and 17th March to protest against the proposal to build a shopping mall.
Shillong: There have been 187 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, while 479 people have recovered from the disease.
BJP Leader and Minister of State, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek on Tuesday expressed his readiness to contest the MP election from the Shillong Parliamentary Seat. Speaking to reporters, Hek said, “I am not saying that I am the only candidate who is qualified to contest from Shillong parliamentary seats but if the party wants me to contest, I will not say yes. you can,".
It is said that people who have a lot of thoughts are stupid and don't plunge.
“While he (Stanlywiss) has not been declared guilty, we cannot judge him.
One of the women said that women go down to the bottom especially to become leaders or representatives of the people, but on the other hand women work harder, so women need to come forward. Because if the women themselves come forward, the society will be better and therefore the opportunity should be given for the betterment.
The final competition was held at Rongbakgre Stadium and Rangsakona MLA Zenith M Sangma was the chief guest.
Many decades have passed, but I remember that Rev BD Pugh told me that God Janus had eyes from behind and from the front as well.
Many believers were afraid of him.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The State Government has decided to implement a scheme for the marketing of rotten sohphan in the state.
“We will look into this and take action according to the need,” he said.
The Waheh Shnong of Khliehtyrshi Kitbok Rymbai was the opening guest of the match between Ever Young and Dalloi 2-1 in the presence of Eddy Shylla as the chief guest. and others.
The HLC, which was set up by the government only to stir up peace and stir up trouble to stop the motorcycle protest, has now collapsed at the secretariat.
Even Sying didn't come from the village because he hadn't been able to buy for many years.
Also present on the occasion were Mawphlang MLA Eugeneson Lyngdoh as the Chief Guest and President Shillong Sports Association Gavin M Mylliem, Sohra MLA, residents of the area. and others.
The helicopter was bought by the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) at a cost of T.50 lakh to Pawan Hans.
At the same time, the group urged the public to show to the Government that as the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep, we have the right to know and demand that the Government should immediately release the report of the private investigation. Justice T.Vaiphei's request to the Government from 19th June 2022, but the Government has not listened and this has left the Sengbhalang and the people in darkness and suspicion. solansar, on the Government's decision on this issue.
This one too, Bah HS Shylla, you should know that the law does not end with you, it will be a shame, if the highest law will be enforced against you.
“This is only the beginning and from now on you have to fight hard and set the goal to win gold medals even in the National Games or even in the International Games,” he said. special song.
I hear many times that young people ask, why don't you work anymore? Those who answered that you are too busy, you don't get leave, you have too much work, you have to go to the countryside and so on. I leave it to the readers to think. /-, 3000/- to sit down.
It is estimated that millions of snakes have migrated about 10,000 kilometers from Brisbane to Melbourne and have destroyed the fields. for 3 months.
JACATAM leaders said that in fact the teachers did not want to take this path of protest but as the government is still silent, they had to take this path.
At the same time, there is a fact that those families whose parents are all Khasi and have decided to convert to the Khasi language and who still know their Khasi identity. in many respects, it is not appropriate not to consider them Khasi.
He said that the purpose of the awarding ceremony and recognition of the winners among the youth is to encourage them to become examples and inspirations for others.
We can safely say that he overcame many difficulties and reached victory.
This is not at all a sign of good.
The union also protested against the expenditure of T.1,300 crore for the completion of the Leshka project, while its power generation is only 126MW during the dry season. It was reported that the price allocated during the current period was only T.390 crore and surprisingly, it has reached T.1,300 crore.
That is why the church proclaims in the confession of faith that Jesus was “born of the Holy Spirit”.
After the city was completely destroyed, Nebuchadnezzar took the Israelites captive to Babylon.
Shillong, Nailar 05 : The new President of the BJP State Women's Morcha (BJP) today announced the new party at a meeting held at the party headquarters.
On the part of the Chief Guest, Puramon Kynjing in his speech, he thanked the founder of the Association and President Yoosar Kynjing who has a hard working spirit to bring such a group to employ the youth.
If it were in other states, the PHE department would have been able to provide adequate answers on the water shortage.
The DC acknowledged that there is shyiap quarrying on the border and it was also found that there are quarrying camps on the border with Bangladesh and said that this is the subject of discussion to be held in April. and Bangladesh.
In China, a lawmaker who violates the law is shot dead immediately.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Ministry of Rural Development of the Union Government today handed over an allocation of T.412 crore for the construction of roads in Meghalaya under the PMGSY III. The Chief Minister in charge of PWD (R&B) Prestone Tynsong on his Facebook page said that he is pleased to receive from the Additional Secretary of the Ministry of Rural Development Ashish Kumar Goel, the sanction letter. T.412.34 crore has been allocated for the construction of roads in the state.
Like young people while they are still growing up, don't let the evils around them become a source of trouble or distraction for their goal of growing in sports. , for thou hast fallen into evil, and thy purpose hath not been fulfilled.
Works and development works have received Rs 56.42 crore.
Latiplang said the KHNAM leaders have warned him not to misuse the name of KHNAM when taking any steps against other groups.
“You don't have petrol; it's on us and i know there's a lot of pressure on young students, but the wifi's are there so it won't affect too much and to just turn it off for a while, there's help but not to cancel for days, but ai I will support this government,” she added.
In India, the most productive states are as follows; the United Provinces, Bihar, Punjab, North West Frontier Province, Hyderabad, Central Provinces, Bombay, Madras, Bengal, and others.
The family members of the deceased have thanked the Mawryngkneng Police, Rangbah Shnong Ksehpyndeng and Mawryngkneng and all the friends and neighbors who have helped in the search and spread of the news.
Speaking to reporters, Shama said that the Janajati Dharma Sanskriti Suraksha Manch, which is also recognized by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), has recently demanded the abolition of the Scheduled Tribe (ST) status. people who have converted to Christianity.
Similarly, in the year 2014-15, the Taxation Department earned T.1,38,72,522 crore from these items.
In addition, they also receive support in terms of production of specialty products, introduction of technology, conduct of workshops and others and measures.
The scheme, known as the Kalaignar Scheme for Women's Rights, was launched from Kancheepuram, the village of DMK founder CN Annadurai.
(You can contact the author at htwells@rediffmail.com).
Police had to fire tear gas after the HITO members started throwing stones at the police who tried to block their way to the Secretariat.
Raising this, Renikton said that the reason why the officers are delayed in conducting the DSC examination is because there is no roster system.
I don't see it anymore either.
During these 1290 days the remaining 4 attachments will be opened; you blue horse.
He said the police chiefs have given the reason that they have received orders from higher authorities from Delhi and from the IG of police.
Khimusniang scored the winning goal in the 77th minute through Jeffrey Litting.
In the sight of God, we must become more and more humble.
Many of them were not injured but we sent them to hospital for medical check-up,” said Brother Solomon.
His red card has affected his team.
So far, the EC led by Bah Titos as CEM has been joined by the UDP, NPP and HSPDP, while the Congress is in the opposition.
