He said that this department is one of the departments that generates a lot of money for the District Council. He said that in terms of the land NOC, it will be of assistance to those who want to borrow money from banks.
Referring to the BJP party, he said that not only in Mawsynram but the people in the North East have begun to understand and no longer believe the criticism of the BJP party. The North Eastern Region of India like Assam, Manipur, Nagaland and other people have begun to understand and no longer accept the speech against the BJP but understand that it is only a political trick only during elections, " said Mr. Sanbor.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that he will not call for talks with the Sengbhalang while they are conducting the protest. “On the same grounds, while they continue their protests, we will not call for talks,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Therefore, these four license applicants will have to submit their mining plans in accordance with the rules laid down by the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India,” said Conrad.
In Shillong, the wreath laying ceremony was held at the statue of Tirot Singh Syiem at Firebrigade Square.
According to the directive, all the results should be released by 31st October
Renikton in his speech said that in terms of employment, the government has also had its share for the people with disabilities through the percentile.
According to a statement sent by the Election Department of the State Government, the orders have been issued by the District Administrations, the establishment of Flying Squads in all Constituencies, the Expenditure Monitoring Agencies, the establishment of Expenditure Monitoring Agencies, Government departments have been explained all the rules of the Model Code of Conduct, photographs of politicians have been removed from Government Websites and defamatory articles have been removed from Government offices, public and private properties within the past 72 hours since the Model Code of Conduct came into force.
Shveta Rani opened the scoring in the 6th minute, while Pearl Fernandes scored two goals in the 13th & 26th minutes. .
“Even though this mine has been operating for 4-5 years, the people don't want to complain against Abhinav Sureka, who is operating this mine because the people understand that this foreigner has a right to “It is for this reason that we have lodged a complaint with HANM to fight against this,” said Bah John.
There is a complaint from MeECL that it has not forced these 123 households to pay half of the fine.
The news in recent months has been focused on the Chinese virus, Covid-1
In connection with this incident, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced a compensation of T.2 lakh to the families of these victims.
It is worth mentioning that what the journalists found was that in the indoor stadium , Jingkieng , the job seekers had covered themselves with Tyrpa and inside the cover they were sitting on their backs. with the clothes they had put on that night.
“It is a resolution of only 100 pages and not more than 2000 pages.
Marbarin was named Player of the Match.
In 2013, Dr. Don received 5940 votes while Leston received 5585 votes.
Mbappe has joined the club on a long-term contract after leaving Monaco in July 2017 and returning to a permanent contract with the club. total at a cost of 180 million euros ($194 million).
George Dkhar scored the first goal for Mawtawar in the 25th minute.
On the other hand, the MLA hugged him to comfort and encourage him at such a time when the teachers are facing difficulties and persecution by the government authorities.
Furthermore, in much earlier times, the Karbis lived on the banks of the Kalang and Kapili rivers and along the Kaziranga, but under the rule of the Kachari Kings they were driven up the hills and some of them, They entered Jaintia Hills and the Jaintia Syiems gave them a place to live and lived under the rule of the Jaintia Syiems.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has appealed to the citizens of the state to allow the law to take the necessary action and also to refrain from spreading information. you don't have to worry about social media.
Shah said the BJP has not done anything political in relation to the bill because it has sincerely thought about the interests of women in the country.
The quake also struck Guwahati, Kolkata, parts of Bihar and even Delhi.
With this victory, Ryntih SC have now moved up from sixth position in the SPL 2023-24 to third position and equal to Mawlai SC with one game left.
The theme of this prayer is “Stand firm in the faith” (1 Cor. 16:13).
There were 895 athletes from 31 schools.
The Israelites were slaves in Egypt for 430 years, but the unbeliever will be slaves to sin and Satan forever.
“Therefore, to promote a culture of peace and economic development or income generation, adequate education is needed.
At the same time, the EJNC-CC informs the public that since the publication of this news, the party has no longer any contact with Philip J Bamon who used to be the leader of the party. Shillong, October 23: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar has not believed the announcement in the media that the HSPDP has decided to give ticket to Bah Enbin Kharraswai from Mawkyr. wat constituency.
Custom: The Dorbar Kur of the Khasi has only one religion and the Kñi u Kñia to perform the religion.
West Khasi Hills has recorded the highest number of cases with 30 new cases.
A team of doctors has suspected that a student admitted to a private hospital in Kolkata may have been infected with monkeypox.
That is our choice to spend the money we earn while working.
Regarding the stadium in Nongkseh, he said that Bah Hamlet Dohling and Bah Daniel Thangkhiew have often met him from time to time to monitor.
The cause of her death was reported to be due to refractory septic shock, severe sepsis, Covid positive and auto immune haemolytic anemia and chronic kidney disease.
Shillong: The MLA of Malki-Laitumkhrah Constituency, M Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that if the state government cannot set up entry/exit checkpoints in the border areas of the state, it should implement them. You have an Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma will be the chief guest, Prestone Tynsong Second Chief Minister will be the Symbud Chief Guest and Chief Executive Member of KHADC HS Shylla will be the chief guest. .
This program is also for the benefit of the children and through such a program it will bring the children closer to the environment and this will also be a training to preserve the environment. Planting of vegetables in the school grounds known as the Kitchen Garden to get vegetables without pesticides.
“Those who want a clean Khadar rule, however, are the ones who teach the people to believe what the foreign parties have come to mislead the people in this Khasi country.
No one was injured in the incident.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Readeon Nongrum, who was also the chief guest, urged the students not to forget the nation when they learn. many of them have forgotten the nation.
He urged the new leaders of the party to act according to the rules of procedure of the party which is to serve for the cause of the Khasi Pnar people.
The Minister in charge of Education, Kuber Dindor, said that in response to many questions from the Congress MLAs on education in the state, As of November 2022, there were about 29,122 posts of teachers and 3,552 posts for Principals lying vacant in government schools and others under government jurisdiction i.e. in Gujarati schools. and English Medium are available throughout the state.
He said the purpose of the NEP is to raise the level of education and for that reason it has been decided to start implementing it in the state.
Kerala has the highest number of cases with 234, followed by Maharashtra with 225 and Delhi with
This is the government of Dr Mukul Sangma,” he asked.
Nongstoiñ, March 12: The elders of the villages under Mawshynrut C&RD Block, have warned from time to time and banned the slaughter of fish by using them. drugs, lockdown, bomb shooting, water supply, shooting khariew and others.
According to the reporter, these women earn a minimum of 400 tyngka per day.
When asked whether the people have the pleasure to eat meat if the meat is not cut at this place, Bah Umlong said that he can explain only those who cut in Mawïong while those who cut in elsewhere he cannot say anything but it is the duty of the government to look into it.
It would be interesting to know how the state government is doing, and to know that the shortage of funds in this state is very severe compared to other states in the North East.
That is why Christmas is celebrated by all Christians in the world. Thus, “He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God. ALONE".
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul Sangma said, “We want Meghalaya to grow and develop rapidly in education, but it is an empty space under the rule of the government. MDA, we are a party that stands on the foundation, to unite all”.
Thank you very much, P. Lyngdoh, Mr. M. Kharkongor.
The 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 were organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
Germany will face France on Thursday at 9.30pm.
Dried apricots : Apricots are rich in vitamin A and beta-carotene.
Michael War was elected as President, Embok Pakynteiñ as Working President, Lenmeo Bareh as Secretary, Annu Lyngdoh as Assistant Secretary and others. four employees with more than 25 employees.
However, after receiving the quality report from the Regional Drug Testing Lab (RDTL), Assam, in April 2023, it was revealed that these drugs were not substandard. order to stop the distribution of these drugs which are exactly from this batch.
The office of the DSEO should inspect or inspect these schools in the rural areas, by looking at the example of this one school which has been severely destroyed.
Up to 65 families of the KSU have been able to donate foodgrains.
The RBYF bought the land in 2004 and after 20 years it was completed and its office was built near the National Highway-6 in Saiden.
Regarding the failure to open the market, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Mawhati, said that if the Hima and Raid cannot open the market, it is time for them to leave. to the village to run the market, because as of now all the markets have opened.
But if the people unite not to give anyone, those obarsiar, gramsebak cannot do anything.
A museum of Khasi culture, clothing, snaps and other items has been set up in this small village to showcase Khasi culture. The Bhoi, the Khynriam, the War, the Nongtrai, the Lyngngam, the Maram, the Muliang and other Khasi groups.
“We cannot say in advance what the meeting will decide, but we can decide to send people to attend the meeting, or we can send written suggestions, or we cannot attend or we cannot work. I'm also involved,” said Bah Bindo.
Mondal was accused of smuggling cattle to the Bangladesh border by paying money to the BSF troops who patrol the border along the border.
The Government of India at that time had shown the authority to arrest him as David Scott had arrested Tirot Singh.
When contacted by phone, Lily, who is in charge of Khliehriat, said that it is a mistake by those who take electricity bills.
However, the Reservation Policy is one of the challenges facing us now, where many of the youth of this age cannot understand how to continue to have a reservation policy. division of employment opportunities within one state.
There is no need for a PhD degree or a Master degree these days.
He said that it cannot be said that the leaders in the MDA government are not leaders, but they are land auctioneers especially in West Khasi Hills where 12 villages under the The Nonglang Sirdarship was auctioned to Assam at the time of the signing of the social boundary agreement between the two Prime Ministers.
Rudra Rathore was named Player of the Match for tied 63 runs and took 1 wicket.
At present, about 27,000 ponds have been constructed by the government and about 19,000 ponds have already been constructed.
The Common Platform was held at the Indoor Sports Hall of Khimusniang Dorbar Shnong which started at 7 pm. The meeting was conducted by the Waheh Shnong A.Lamare.
a At the meeting, the slogan, “No MSP, No Vote,” was chanted and the protest in Manipur and the affected farmers in the state were also expressed.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Delphinia Dkhar, one of the employees of the company, said that she worked for the company.
According to Bah Khongji, the recognition of Shaw Bhoi as Schedule Tribe is like discriminating against Khasi children who give their jait to their father.
" “This picture caught our attention when we first saw it.
Shillong, November 10: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will release the list of candidates for the District Council elections on November
Shillong: The Government of India today issued various rules to curb the spread of Coronavirus, including that no passenger flights will be allowed to land in India from October, 2020 will be held in 10 days.
He also alleged that there is a fear from all political parties of the BJP because they see that the people of the state have turned to the BJP and Modi.
“There's something wrong, Bahnah.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on 27th June promised to provide adequate security and ensure the safety of the residents of the border areas with Assam due to the violence of Hindu extremists. .
At the same time, the union is pleased to learn that the 100 bedded Mawkyrwat CHC will be opened and hopes that this hospital will run smoothly and provide full services to the people. of the community especially the poor who cannot afford to go to private hospitals.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The National Executive Member of the BJP and Minister in the MDA government, Bah AL Hek on Friday denied that Dr Mukul Sangma has had a meeting with him before and after. Speaking to reporters, Bah AL Hek said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-2 (MDA) has decided to form a new government not led by the NPP. Mukul said he does not want the MDA government to come back to power.
Religious organizations also face the same problem, no matter how much they have tried to take their responsibility to be teachers and leaders, to live righteously with a full youthful life. .
In our synagogue, we don't see anyone or anything worshiping on the ground.
The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong has said that the NPP will go its own way to prepare for the upcoming elections to be held on the 27th of this month. .
There will be no sumo from Mairang to Shillong on that day and the union requests the passengers to attend as it is an annual event held by the union.
The Indian Forest Act 1865 may have been the first forest law in India and by this Act the British Government could take under its jurisdiction any forest even if it was a reserve forest. ,hima forest or village forest to avoid and protect from widespread destruction.
The University of Science and Technology (USTM) on Friday honored the students of the university who have completed their studies through the 9th Convocation.
About three fire engines arrived at the scene last night but due to the blaze, the truck burnt down and until this morning the fire brigade is still fighting to extinguish the fire.
Police have registered a case under Section 18(3)2023u/s120b/307/427/436/506/34IPC against the suspect. , after a thorough investigation into those accused in the incident.
As a citizen, I appeal to my fellow countrymen to accept anyone who gives us money, but don't shoot the face of the one who gives it, because he is the one who gives it. He who teaches us to fail, will fail himself in the development of our people.
The flag raising ceremony is the beginning of the strike and will be followed by a class strike on the 29th and a public holiday on the 3rd.
In the second match, KV Upper Shillong beat Tender Child Secondary School by six wickets.
In the second half, Humble Syiem scored the first goal (47min0) and in the 61st minute Mat Makri scored the first goal. the second one that lasted until the end of the game.
It may be recalled that when Bah Ardent announced that he would hold the meeting on the 19th, he said that he was still seeking permission to hold it at Student Square, but later when he spoke to reporters, he said. that his rally on the 19th would proceed as announced, for which the crowd was prepared to flock to the student square.
Therefore, the JAC sends a clear statement to the government to immediately stop the construction of the road and the illegal office of the Assam government in Nongwah Mawtamur and the government should send police to protect the people from escaping. from any injury and violence by the Assam police.
“This Bio Fertilizer Plant will be a symbol of our commitment to promote organic farming,” he added.
He said the purpose of the RBTEDF is to promote the cultivation of sohtrun in Ri-Bhoi District, as Sohtrun is one of the famous soh varieties produced in Ri-Bhoi District. and to encourage the people to market sohtrun.
On the other hand, the Chairman of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MEC) said that the monthly demand for electricity in the state is about 200 million units while the supply of electricity is only 88 million units.
Shillong: Mr. D.Hynniewta.
In the past 10 years, Dalmia Cement has been the largest market and largest producer of dewbilat in the North East and has contributed in many areas to the development of the region.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 29: The shortage of officers in various government departments and offices has affected the people who go to the offices.
Here we see how the Apostle Paul says – “But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the mediator of a better covenant, which was established upon better orders. good.
With the absence of the bridge, the residents including school children have had to sit by boat in the middle of the Simsang River.
Tbn. Blinson Kharkrang, resident of Lumpyllun, father of Princess Kharmuti and Exorwell Kharmuti, passed away on 4.3.24 and the funeral service was held on 6.3.24 at Lumpyllun Presbyterian Church. , on a map more than 100 years old.
Any wine store that violates the village will lose its permit.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat Nongrim Hills FC 3-1 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday at Polo Ground.
As a believer we should not use this word and we should say the blessing, we should say, May the Lord God bless you, the Lord bless you and heal you, the Lord bless you. May the Lord bless you and be with you in your journey, these are the only things that I as a believer feel that we should not use the word happiness because we should not believe in luck or fate but we must believe in the blessing of the Lord God, thank you.
Shillong, June 26: The AICC General Secretary for Meghalaya, V Narayanaswamy, on Tuesday admitted that the Congress MLAs and Ministers in the state have all disappeared and no one is still involved. The meeting was attended by the MPCC President and the Prime Minister.
Bah Iangrai was arrested on suspicion of misappropriation of funds allocated for the purchase of vehicles for the use of the Meghalaya Police Department.
Nowgong Assam) including some areas in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The department has selected teams to participate in Shooting, Basketball, Athletics and Boxing.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 82580 out of which 80134 have recovered and 1425 have died.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: TMC North Shillong candidate Elgiva Rynjah has strongly criticized the allegation by Union Home Minister Amit Shah that Meghalaya is at the forefront of corruption. He said that this allegation by Amit Shah is just a ploy to mislead the people because during the five years of MDA rule, the BJP has been snagp man man because it understands that it too has a hand.
The Seng is also against speaking rudely, slander and slander.
On the request of NSUS, Angami Elders' Forum Shillong, Angami Students Union Shillong, NEHU Students' Union and Naga Students of NEHU, three letters will be submitted by NEHU by the relatives of the student. who became a slave or to his representatives.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem said that it is a pleasure for the NPP party in South West Khasi Hills District because on Tuesday as the leaders they met with both the blocks. One in Ranikor Block Committee and one in Mawkyrwat Block Committee where thousands of people attended.
The media differs in their estimates, but all of them suggest that the victory will be on the side of the AAP. The AAP will get 68 out of 70 votes, but the overall figures show that the AAP will get 50 percent of the vote in the Delhi Assembly elections.
Shillong, Nailar 08: MPCC President DD Lapang today left for Delhi to meet with AICC leaders to discuss the political affairs of the party and the state.
“It is a question of cooperation between the government and the district councils.
On the other hand, Mawphlang MDC and KHADC Speaker, Bah Lamphrang Blah recalled that even the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has come to visit and see the beauty of the Heritage Village. and improved by the KHADC in collaboration with the Hima Mawphlang.
In Taekwondo (Poomsae), West Garo Hills won two gold, one silver and one bronze medals from three categories.
He also alleged that the former DGP is the one who has destroyed the police department.
The price of Aavin milk has also been increased to 3 tyngka per liter from 16th June
On receiving information about the incident, the family members of the deceased have lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station against the suspect.
When inquired, he said that Pynursla MLA Prestone Tynsong helped to buy 1000 votes with a donation during the concert in Pynursla. James Sylliang MDC Mawhati and PT Sawkmie MDC Mawlai bought 600 votes, Lyngkyrdem MDC Jansing Tynsong bought several votes and Jaiaw MDC Adelbert Nongrum bought 600 votes. how many votes when you came to Pyrnai.
We have also discussed the budget situation of the state government and the answer we have received is encouraging because it says that it will be with us,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong. and the media.
I will be in touch with you through meetings, my website-www.lakhonkma.com, WhatsApp and YouTube channel (@lakhonkma) and other social media platforms available in the 'contact me' section of your website.
After the PDF came to power, the HSPDP lost its supporters after the expulsion of two MDCs, LG Nongsiej and Morningstar Mawsor.
The support of the Hima Mylliem will help to restore the cleanliness of the Iewduh which is the largest trading market in Meghalaya.
The Ar-seng in their emergency meeting held this morning decided to demand from the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri that she should punish those policemen who have involved the police. members of these organizations on the morning of the 30th of this month.
New Delhi: Various videos have circulated of a police checkpoint on the border of Ghaziapur, between Uttar Pradesh and New Delhi. for more than two months, to oppose the Farmers Act of the Government of India.
“It is just an allegation without evidence and we will stand on this ground and we will continue to work and only when we have worked we will know where there is corruption,” he said.
The traffic rules in India are on the right side, which means that if a vehicle or two wheels wants to pass other vehicles, drivers have to take the left side, not the right side. from the left.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Minister C.Kharkongor said that this year's festival has been a challenge.
The residents also condemned the party by accusing it of being a street robber, a money laundering party and called for the party not to allow the party to do anything.
Shillong: There have been 70 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the cow works hard to lur in the fields that feed it, but no one looks after it; but they looked upon the ox that was lying down for a day.
The deceased is a 46-year-old man from Rajabala village, West Garo Hills.
After giving her the money Niakha asked about her mother.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Congress Leader Lamphrang Blah said that the reason for supporting the EC led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem in KHADC is because they want to strengthen the EC. the fight against the recently destroyed metor industry.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP, on Tuesday said that the incident ha Mukroh is an attempt by Assam to intimidate the Khasi people living on the border. take possession of their land.
Six candidates including two non-members of the UDP have applied for tickets to contest from the Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
The All India Blind Super League will be played on 23rd July 2024, according to MBSA President Risinius Pathaw.
The training program was concluded with the distribution of wheelchairs, elbow crutches and other equipment to the disabled and a check. T.90,000 to 15 beneficiaries of the Silk Samagra scheme funded by the Central Silk Board, Ministry of Textiles.
In a statement, Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary-cum-Publicity Secretary, said that this is not the first time that the Assam Government has attacked and shot dead people on the border. because the Government of Meghalaya is weak.
He said this after a meeting with the Chief Secretary, Atal Dullo to implement the scheme to install solar power in all government offices before the end of November The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, at the recent meeting with all the Chief Secretaries in New Delhi recently.
I have promised to do something about this,” said the Prime Minister.
On the other hand, Treiborlang R Suchen said that he has spoken to the Rangbah Shnong of Lamin, Bah Golden Gashnga, regarding the incident.
God, the Creator of the fathers, created each father in the fullness of manhood, in his wisdom, in his strength, in his strength, in his strength, and he gave him a great gift. , to hold the decision, to look after the liem ka lup that belongs to the kur, whether in the war of words, not to allow the enemy to bomb tyrnem on the longkur long jait or the suit lam reng u to destroy the precious temple of the tribe.
A total of 11,000 people received the tablets under the Chief Minister's Student Digital Learning Aid Scheme 2013-2014 of the Information Department.
Nongstoin, Nailur 22: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongstoin Circle under the leadership of Davis Goldfield Wanniang has organized a meeting to discuss the cleanliness of the school inside the school. yesterday to conduct a surprise inspection of the school.
Speaking to u Nongsaiñ Hima, Bah Rympei said that the area of ​​the ground is 19 acres, but only 7 acres less has been handed over to the MCA for the construction of the Indoor Cricket Training Ground.
When asked why the road has been cleaned for a few days, he said that the traffic police are not allowed to operate in the morning because they say that the road will be covered with snow. The vehicle was operated at night until 1:30 pm and perhaps it was for this reason that the color cleaning could have stopped.
The Seng also said that it cannot accept the video that has been circulated in which a man has been shot dead by a group of 10 to 15 policemen under the leadership of Addl SP. Furthermore, the Seng through this statement said that according to the human rights, this cannot be accepted by the law enforcement agencies.
In a statement, BJP Vice President Banshai Khongwir said the party fully supports the Prime Minister's efforts to eradicate counterfeit money and illegal income, but at the same time , urges the people to be patient now for the sake of bringing good later.
Shortly after in 1896, Jeebon Roy included the 'ï' and 'ñ' in the Khasi alphabet.
Speaking to Rupang, the General Secretary of the Nongshat Nongkheiñ Association, Bah Jubanlak Hynniewta, said that this year has been a good year.
“This is not good for the future of the state.
EM i/c E.Teron replied that there are 15 markets and the Council has also tried to improve the rules and regulations for those who want to set up markets.
In this month in our Ri War area the weather is still hot, but the sky on that day is bright and everything around us is beautiful.
Virgin soil, which has not been planted but has just been harvested, is best for coffee.
And this is for government employees.
After the investigation, the Chowkidar confessed and admitted what he had done, the KHADC did not take any punishment, but counted a salary of 10,0 every month.
“These two resolutions passed by the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya Government have already been sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government but unfortunately the Central Government under the leadership of the BJP Government has not nothing has been done to date," the statement added.
“We will think about what to do,” said Lambor.
Shahin Alone (21) and Darnell Sangma (11) each added 43 runs for six wickets.
Laitkynsew, July 25: The 17th birth anniversary of Prof.GG Swell was celebrated on the 25th of this month in the village where he was born and raised.
The driver of the vehicle was identified as John Fiscal Lyngkhoi and Richard Wahlang.
The Dorbar Shnong has also sent a notice to all those who own land in the village to come and register on that day so that the cleanliness drive will be smooth and those who do not come out. they shall be punished.
He concluded by reminding the teachers of the importance of these students in India's journey towards Viksit Bharat by
They include Bah Mathaeus Khyriem, Bah Wadajied Lamare and others from all over the country.
Brayden Nongbet scored the first goal for Mawlai in the 9th minute.
“The operators of these centers will be appointed only to those who have passed the NSEIT examination and the nearest center with us is only in Guwahati,” she said.
Shillong, November 19: The Union Government has decided to include the history of the North East in the CBSE textbooks, said the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju. syllabus.
This will be a new step for the National Games, which this year will feature many sports including beach football, roll ball, golf, sepaktakraw, sky martial arts, Kalliarapattu, and peak martial arts.
Shillong: The North East Forum for Indigenous Peoples (NEFIP) and the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) will hold a protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) in all the states. to the north east.
Those who walk or stand should wear masks even at home, especially when there are elderly or sick people at home.
Km and the population does not exceed 40 lakh although we still have to wait for the new census.
At this meeting, there was a thorough discussion and discussion on how to revive the party, so after a while of discussion it was decided to revive the District Committee of South. The committee will be headed by Bah Shongdorlang Nongsiej who is also the new President of the LJP.
Everyday life should not be a dream.
He added that self-care to maintain beauty even after having children, helps to strengthen the relationship between partners to maintain love.
In a statement, Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, said that the HNLC has suspended its peace talks and has never done anything to disrupt the peace talks. peace talks.
I rely on the BJP Government in Delhi to do this.
The protest was led by Congress leaders Jairam Ramesh, Raj Babbar, Randeep Surjewala and Indian Youth Congress President Amrinder Singh Raja Brar.
Speaking to media, Bah Anthony Umiong Sport Secretary of the FKJGP said that the FKJGP has been shocked by the reply of the Minister of State for Sports. He said that it is far from West Khasi Hills to talk about artificial turf.
On the other hand, Zoramthanga urged every citizen to take responsibility for the restoration of peace and order in the state and to refrain from any acts of violence – to resolve all differences of opinion through peaceful means for the benefit of the state and all citizens without discrimination.
On the other hand, the union requests the law enforcement agencies to punish and give strong warnings, so that such incidents will not happen again.
As during the rainy season, you need to take care of your skin during the dry season.
Sanbor Shullai, Chairman of MTDC, urged the Minister to release Rs 97 crore for 20 years to help the MTDC to create jobs for the youth of Meghalaya and to develop them. I don't visit the world in the state.
The match was very interesting and equal in which both sides tried to score, but due to the skill of the goalkeepers and the defender of Syndai circle, the ball was saved. Syndai Circle back Karlos Pohplet won the man of the match.
The Bible is not an immovable or permanent instrument.
Wanpynsuk lodged a complaint, saying that he has to wait for the vehicle for 6 and 8 months. He said that the delivery of the vehicle has not happened yet. when you have rejected the letter of purchase of your vehicle.
“We also need a leader who has a goal to eradicate poverty, deprivation and backwardness, because these are the destroyers of the country and the nation,” said Bah Malai.
How can he be released without punishment? Does the law allow the police to do whatever they want while the citizens have to be arrested if they make the slightest mistake? It is on such issues that the opposition MLAs should stand up to criticize the government.
Conrad also explained the income generation opportunities, which the state will be preparing to get after the opening of this hotel and hopes that in the future there will be other hotels like this, which are located between the building or constructing them will be completed within a specified time.
Throughout the day, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, urged the village leaders to strive to provide the documents of the village and the ownership of the land, to submit to the Regional Committee so that the Regional Committee can also to have a special discussion on this area.
This is the reason for the increase in evil deeds that we are too quick to have children and forget evil"
Shaniah Dkhar 8.
Replying to a question, the Minister said that the appointment for many years does not give the right to the Home Guards to hold their posts and gives them any right on temporary appointment. or shirts and agencies that appoint them.
I don't see the need to improve but if necessary we will look into doing what is necessary.
The woman who lost her life was identified as Kong Elbinsiful Marweiñ.
The Executive Committee has approved the prepared Constitution and agreed to send it to the Dorbar Pyllun of the Kur for approval, ratification and implementation.
Police on receiving information about this, took action to remove the stones from the highway.
Banteibor Syngkrem scored the goals for Lion SC in the 27th minute, Sanborlang Kharsahnoh (76) and Arkini Laloo (89+3).
Man can do all these things, whether it is to cut down or destroy trees, to shoot and kill insects, wild animals, birds, fish, and fish. and many kinds of things as he pleases because he has the power to rule over all these things (except the power of God).
With this victory, these schools will represent East Jaintia Hills District at the State Level to be held this month.
Replying to a question by Ampati MLA Miani D Shira, Conrad K Sangma said the Meghalaya government is also ready to introduce more thermal scanners for the purpose of screen the public as well as people coming from other states to Meghalaya.
Let us pray from the bottom of our hearts that God will hear us and give us wisdom and understanding as He gave wisdom and understanding to King Solomon. When we elect our Rulers and Leaders, we shall not make mistakes, we shall not elect them with the sword, nor with the sword, nor with the sword, nor with the sword, nor with the sword of silver, nor with the sword of gold, nor with the sword of silver. For the future of our children, let us choose according to the wisdom of God which he has given us through prayer, not according to the wisdom of man, but according to the wisdom of God. Hok is short and Hok is shisha.
All the Deputy Commissioners have held meetings of the district level coordination committees where they will take measures to provide for the needs in case of any disaster.
Shillong, July 13: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher's Welfare Association (KWHA) has announced that it will reopen its beef shops across the state from the 16th of this month. .
It is the destruction of the writing and literature of the Khasi language.
It is to be recalled that Mendipathar is the railway station in Meghalaya and was inaugurated by the Prime Minister.
All of this happens because we don’t understand how God works in politics, how God rules through government.
The Dorbar Shong Tympang Iawmusiang has decided to dump the niut back to the dump in Mynkjai, as this dump has been used for 40 years and in these years there has been no disease. affect the health of neighboring villages.
According to a copy received from the office of the Executive Engineer of Shillong Central Division, it was found that the salary of the muster roles of the department through the Sectional Assistant. roll in which the register is signed and then stamped with the revenue stamp.
The incident happened at Saphai village under Laskein C&RD Block.
“We will soon join the BJP and the decision to join the BJP is to bring about development in the state as a whole,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has vowed to close down the Main Secretariat if the State Government does not release the scholarships of the students within a day.
The cause of the fire is suspected to be a short circuit in the wire bording inside the shop.
This is the number that we are too rich and too rich.
“During the lockdown, the police and the Home Guard Police and it is sad to know that the Home Guard Police do not have enough protective equipment such as gloves and the salary of They also pay only 511 tyngka per day,” said HM Sshangpliang.
The farmers said that the robbery of the wild boars has made the farmers unable to harvest the crops they have already planted and especially in these days when it is time to gather the crops. the synsar, the kwai, the sorghum, the tympew, the kait, the tyrpad leaf, and the phan tree.
However, in recent days, the BJP-led NDA government has announced and notified that the Act has started to be implemented.
He said that the payment should be done online and only those who are far away will be allowed to pay at the school office.
This happened on Wednesday evening at about 7:30 pm.
Shillong: U MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has raised a question on the preparations for the celebration of the full independence of the state, while many of the issues are still pending.
The coronavirus is spreading rapidly and to avoid and protect yourself, you should not fight and gather in public.
He said that the Mawtawar parking lot started in 1999 when the Municipal allocated land at Motphran and later they moved it opposite the Synod Complex.
Little Flower HSS beat Amwi Jairain 2-1 while HK Singh Memorial SS beat Marianhill HSS 3-1 in the Under-17 Boys category.
Police said the illegal goods were recovered during a raid on one of the four – Aziar Mondal, conducted by the ANTF between Saturday night and Sunday morning.
Any state which has its own medical colleges does not get a share in other colleges, and that is equal to the allocation.
“I am very happy because I am the first woman from Tura to win a silver medal. I thank the Meghalaya government for holding the Meghalaya Games here. I thank the government for providing adequate food and drink and adequate shelter,” said Ringchi.
Shillong: The Association of Meghalaya Traders and Transporters (AMTT) has written to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, regarding the construction of parking bridges in the state.
Speeches were also delivered by DD Lapang, AL Hek, Chief Secretary, PBO Warjri, Commissioner & Secretary Jopthiaw Lyngdoh, Director Information and Public Relations and others.
Before joining the Congress, Saleng resigned as MLA from the NCP party in 2018. After this, he was welcomed by the party leaders including u. President, Vincent H Pala, PN Syiem and others at the meeting held at Congress Bhavan.
The station is known as the Online Ambient Air Quality Monitoring Station.
Shillong, July 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Sohra Circle on the 21st and 22nd of this month under the leadership of the President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Samla Mesadapbor Skhembil and the Education Secretary of the KSU Samla Kyntiew Nongrum, Distribute the booklets to schools/colleges in the Sohra area as part of the efforts to improve the morale of the students in the area.
New Delhi: The new driving law has come into force on 1st November 2019 and as soon as it came into force, an owner of a scooty activa has been fined T.23,000 for forgetting to The fine for not wearing a helmet, not having vehicle documents such as driver's license, registration certificate, pollution certificate and others, amounts to T.23,0
On 7th July 2013, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Sanjay Goyal, at that time, spoke to reporters and announced that smoking cigarettes in public places is prohibited. Vendors should not sell cigarettes or tobacco within 100 meters of schools and if found guilty will be fined T.200 tyngka.
Digital Public Infrastructure (DPI) has brought about a transformation in India that goes beyond financial inclusion.
Therefore, we demand that the government should amend the notification so that there will be no problems in the future”.
“I have already handed over all the files to the Prime Minister, I have done everything necessary and it is up to the Prime Minister to do what is necessary,” said Bah Sniawbhalang. .
Furthermore, the leaders said that if other states can bring victory, why can't our state which is a strong nation? Ri-Bhoi District has a person who has passed from abroad who will train the participants how to lift because weight lifting is different and they should use the techniques of how to lift. On the other hand, Bah Donald Rymbai has appealed to those who don't want to donate to the association. equipment so that they can get proper training for the athletes who will take part.
When asked who will replace him, Metbah said he cannot say anything on this, but they will announce later because they will sit down to discuss the matter. .
Friends of the girl lodged a complaint with the police after which Vanhreluaia was arrested.
Speaking on the allegation from one party to another, Bah Shangpliang said that this will not affect him in this election because it is the people and supporters who led him to join the BJP. Shangpliang said that all these are unfounded allegations made by other parties just to get support from the people through misleading opposition. He said that the development works that Modi has done for the state have been witnessed in every part of the state and the people are well aware of this.
The Chairman of the National Coordination Committee (NEC) has requested the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to write a letter to the Prime Minister to express his opposition to this. amendment of this Bill.
Therefore, it was said that Ukraine and France have already agreed to join hands to sanction Russia over its hostility to Ukraine through the war.
Meghalaya High Court, Shillong invites online applications from eligible Indian citizens for the following vacant positions.
He said that I cannot explain who is stronger but as an MLA he has already worked and shown the fruits of his work and it is up to the people to decide.
Shillong: The final football of the Chiehruphi Youth Welfare Sports Club will be held on the 07th November 2019 at 01:00 pm.
We call on the police, doctors, engineers and all the people of Hynniewtrep to come together to fight against this government which wants to destroy the nation,” said Samla Khyriem.
He said that Umden PHC is one of the health centers which provides health services to the people and he hopes that the health center will continue to provide the best services to the people.
They also came to join the candidate at the campaign rally held on Saturday at the residence of Ma Shullai in Mission Compound where hundreds of supporters attended. The meeting was held to hear the agenda of the TMC if it comes to power in Meghalaya this time.
He said that the Seng will wait for about 10 days for a reply from the department on this letter and if it does not reply, it will go straight to court to file a complaint.
Angelina divorced Brad Pitt in 2016 and Jennife was married to Justin Theroux from 2015 to
We are looking into this policy to implement it to all those working in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare,” she said.
VVB Reddy and Major Jayanth AI said the incident happened in an area near Mandala village, Bomdila, Arunachal Pradesh.
Shillong: U Vice President of the All India Students and Community Association (AINSCA) Betrand Tochukwu Ikwuka today met with the Minister in charge of Prisons in the state, Bah Alexander L. Hek has requested him to take action against the Nigerians who have been arrested in Meghalaya.
The next hearing of the case will be held on June 6, 2023.
Clubs are encouraged to send the names and photographs of the two club leaders along with the photographs and phone numbers selected by the village/club by letter.
Why do you judge?
Chennai and other districts of Tamil Nadu will be closed until 5th November
Laishnong H/S School, Nongbareh beat Ladthadlaboh Sec School 8-0
“The decision taken by the KSU Nongtyngur Unit to improve and improve the bridge is part of the efforts to prevent the destruction and defacement of the bridge and to bring back the people. “It's a close relationship with the party,” said Samla Melajied Khongbuh, General Secretary of the party.
“Because this person has demanded the immediate arrest of those involved in the murder of these two foreigners, he should also demand the immediate arrest of those involved in the murder. he was Mr. Lurshai.
“The government has directed us to correct the shortcomings in the Bill first and after we have corrected it, it will be sent back to the Governor,” said Bah Shiwat.
Wilstone Sohshang President of HANM said, “As Christians we believe that Sunday is holy based on the Word of God.
The first meeting was held at Nongkren, Khyrim Hima on 17th June,
This call for talks by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is a source of hope for the health of the state, as ASHAs are essential workers for the health sector. especially the poor mothers and newborns.
What has happened in the last few years has put a lot of pressure on the people and now it is no longer safe to sell or hand over public land to the military.
The MDCs from Sabuda were led by former CEM Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on 29th November. find out about the peace and order of the people in the area.
The program was conducted by Wanda Lanong and welcome speech was delivered by Wolnish Rymbai, Program Coordinator, DDUCC Wahiajer.
Such foods cannot increase nutrients and can lead to weight gain.
Last Saturday, masked robbers broke into the shop of Bisheswar Das in Bishnupur and detonated a petrol bomb. 50 percent of his body was on fire.
On the other hand, the union has received a complaint from the residents of Thadlaskein area and when the union tried to investigate, it found that there are some households whose meters are no longer working. The union has witnessed that some people have complained to the union that the bill distributors have not paid the bills. They distribute every month and also after the expiry of the date and this is something that the party cannot accept these activities which are against the society and the party will not sit back. The union will continue to pursue these misdeeds of the electricity department.
After Olino fell, he sat down again for the ryngdang and died immediately.
Rakkam also held a meeting with leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) regarding this issue.
Three others were arrested later the same day.
Nangkiew Irat opened the scoring in the 16th minute through Banshan Lang.
The UDF led by Latiplang and Congress MDCs, some from the NPP and PDF, have rejected the Executive Committee (EC) of the United Democratic Alliance (UDF) Chairman Pynshngain N Syiem. (UDA) is not led by Teinwel Dkhar.
said Kong Banalari.
Also present on the occasion was the Syiem Khynnah of Hima Khyrim, Pa'iem Habapan Sing Syiem as the Chief Guest in the presence of Raid Leaders, Village Leaders and others.
The body of the woman was found by her family members on July 1 at her residence in Pamanik, said the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, C.Syrti.
He said that the issue of timely payment of salaries is difficult because there are many Muster Roll employees in the state, and this issue has been going on for a long time, but after the Gradually, many of the Muster Roll employees have received their salaries on time.
“East Jaintia Hills is bordering Bangladesh and the infiltration of foreign authorities is still very high.
When asked about the NPP's membership in the BJP-led North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA), the NPP leader said, “We are still part of the NEDA and we are still with the NDA government. but after the election we will see how to proceed.
Bah Hopestandard Myrthong, one of the readers of the newspaper, is pleased with the position of many organizations demanding to change the 40% to 40% employment allocation. There are 60 constituencies in Meghalaya and if the Government doesn't have 60 constituencies, the best thing is to introduce an Equality Policy. 60÷ No. of posts resulting from these Constituencies shall be the right of these Constituencies to apply. outside the Constituency.
The Nuremburg Trial was set up to execute those generals involved in the Holocaust that killed about 6 million Jews, children, children and the elderly. 47 people were convicted and 29 were executed.
Also present in the meeting were Bah PK Bani, Rangbah Shnong of Lower Majai, Sordar of Umsaw, Rangbah Shnongs, Village Authorities of neighboring villages including Bah Ondersis Myrthong, Bah Trimus Thongni and others. the President and Secretary of the Youth Association of this area.
It is on this basis that Jesus said, “YOU will not have completed the cities of Israel until the Lord Jesus comes” (Matthew 10:23).
When trying to find out who the Congress party will contest from Pynursla in 2018, two names came up, Shining Khongthohrem and Nehru Suting.
During the search, with the assistance of Jorhat police, they found the child and arrested Pankaj Kumar Bhardwaj.
It is only when he or she is well drunk that the relatives will know and if he or she is drunk and they can no longer drink through their friends, they will start causing trouble in the family to demand. money and if they don't get what they demand just to buy drugs they don't even carry knives or pistols even on their parents.
We as the MDA government will ensure that this aspiration of the people will come true.
Criticizing the INDIA, Modu said that any group formed with a bad and unclear mindset cannot create anything in this country. .
It is clearly stated on the first page of the Constitution in para number 6 sub number 2 that a group of elected members of the Autonomous District Council shall make rules for those who are eligible and those who are not eligible. to participate in the GHADC elections, which has not been done yet.
The case at NEIGHRIMS, however, is through a BSF soldier, who was admitted to the Orthopedic Department and who died in the past few days. There is a synjor in the department which has caused the spread of the disease to other staff of the hospital and which has started to spread abroad.
At the meeting, the DC requested the Chief Executive Members and land owners as well as the CCIB to allow the survey to be conducted this month according to the directive of the Central Government and the survey will be from 1269 to .
The cases are currently pending in the High Courts of Karnataka, Madras, Kolkata, Kerala and Bombay.
In the past few days, Rupangu has met with the relatives of the victims and they have alleged that the cause of the death of the child was due to torti and negligence. The patients at Ganesh Das Hospital also complained that from the time they entered to the time they left, there was no doctor to look after them but the patients did it themselves.
Conrad was appointed as the Prime Minister to lead the MDA to ensure clean governance for the people and for this reason the BJP has supported him.
Their thylliej was so thick that it seemed that the water didn't flow anymore.
One of my daughters is studying in Guwahati and the husband of this man is also studying with my daughter and it was there that they met and he promised to employ her in NEIGRIMS. 2013,” said Mistalin.
She said the decision to train more than 4 lakh people is a big step and all efforts should reach the goal.
The film also won the Best Picture, Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, Leading Actress, Supporting Actress and Actor Awards.
The District South West Khasi Hills District has once again selected another player who has represented the state in various tournaments including his contribution to the final of the 76th Senior National Football Championship from The Santosh Trophy, which ended last month, in Saudi Arabia.
Because if the rep dies, the state will also die.
Professor Rami Arav of the University of Nebraska confirms that the site, called Et-Tell, located in the Golan Heights, on the banks of the Jordan River, is the one he has proved to be a city. written in the Bible.
Meanwhile, the Congress has offered the post of CEM to one of the MDCs who has left the ARPA and joined their party.
We have already understood the fact that political parties generally release their proposals before announcing the election day, such as in that situation, the Clear Power of Election. shall not have the authority to suspend any work done before the announcement of the date of the election.
The GSI has requested the KHADC to allow it to conduct a thorough survey of the availability of mineral resources in parts of West Khasi Hills district, Meghalaya.
She is a young girl who has been working abroad for many years but she is full of courage and bravery at the same time because she has to earn a living.
Some of them gathered on behalf of South Korea's Naver web portal and went to talk to the city's lawyer, Kim Min-ki, to file a lawsuit against the operators of the portal. game.
PW (Physics Wallah), a leading Ed-Tech company, has taken a key role in expanding education opportunities in India and The PWNSAT 2023 (Physics Wallah National Scholarship cum Admission Test) has been announced.
Shillong, Lber 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that politicians and government officials should be well judged in the management of khadar and urged the MCSs of the state. to be skilled and work with the determination to change the expectations of the people of the state.
In the second match, Friends United, who won the toss, failed to score the first goal while Mawlong CC, who came to tie first, scored 126 points. 8 wickets in 20 overs.
This project will connect the people of the two states, promote trade in the region, and will connect the National Highway-6 and No-127,” said the Secretary General of NEMPF. Vincent H. Pala in a letter sent to the Prime Minister on Tuesday.
Two traditional knowledge holders in the village including Reviancy Suchiang, 56, member of the Agro Biodiversity Learning Circle (ALC) and Marki Lamare, 25, member of the Agro Biodiversity Learning Circle (ALC) and Marki Lamare, The herbalists led the walk to introduce and teach the participants about traditional foods and medicines.
Here is an article showing the benefits of including coconut oil in your diet:–.
Shillong, Jymmang 01 : The Achik Conscious Integrated Crime (ACHIK) has demanded that the Urban Affairs Department of the State should suspend the order to appoint non-Garo people in the place of Garo people.
He also expressed his surprise at the appointment of the UDP chairman in the constituency to decide on the ticket.
Josper S Dura (Taken from the magazine 'Ka Pasara' of April, 1986 published by Ma Justman Kharmih, Jaintia Hills Jowai) When a death occurs in a motor car accident, we request the police not to post-mortem, because we are sorry for our child or family member that the doctors, cut, cut and cut the body besides that he has lost his flesh in the collision.
The mother of Bah Ribok, has expressed her sorrow when the police came to tied the house at midnight, on 28th October
“If Rahul Gandhi alone is willing to speak against the decision of the Prime Minister, why should the Congress MLAs speak against Dr Mukul Sangma,” said Adilbert in a statement. today.
Replying to Laskar's statement that he wanted to discuss the issue of minorities, Lotha said that it was the BJP which took care of the minorities by setting up the Ministry of Tribal Affairs on 13th March. 1999 when Atal Bihari Vajpayee was Prime Minister and the DONER department in November
On the occasion of the 73rd Republic Day and the 50th Anniversary of the Independence of Meghalaya, congratulations were extended to all the citizens of the state.
According to the complaint, the Assam border crossing is by conducting the construction of the road through the villages of Kynthong Paham, Damu Paham, Umterlet, Pathar Khaiong and also from the village. Lukhra, Garo Bhanga, Mawtyngkong, Old Jalur, New Jalut and Mawtamur although these villages have been under the jurisdiction of the Sohiong Hima since 1874; which was formerly known as the Nongwah Mawtamur Hima or the Nongwah State.
He also expressed his satisfaction to know that the third generation of these artisans and craftsmen have joined in this program and encouraged them to continue these works of the past generations. Now.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by the MLA of the constituency, Kong Roshan Warjri who promised to support the Society which aims to bring about cleanliness in Shillong.
Dr. Samir Das gave a short speech on the program and distributed a meat handlers kit.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Khliehriat Circle in collaboration with its offices including KSU Larket Unit, Shnongrim Unit and Lakadong Unit has donated foodgrains to three villages in East Jaintia Hills District. Larket, Village and Lake.
The tournament, organized by the BCCI, will start from 8th to 16th November in Lucknow.
If there are NGOs under the leadership of the District Council.
The Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers (ALPA) feels that the storytellers would not want to strike like this if they received adequate pay but it is because of their excessive persecution that they have reached this point. .
The flag of the Seiñ was hoisted by the women of Chiangpot Pakyntien, Rmen Lakuna, Moline Buam, Bailin Syndai and the Nguh Blei was delivered by Rgh Willy Pohplet. Muktapur Village.
“Thanks to Nihim D Shura, who has worked hard for the welfare of the people of Songsak, that the programs and schemes of the Government have come into the Constituency,” he added.
“Unlike other farming methods, this traditional farming method will not affect the fertility of the soil and will improve the production of good quality agricultural products for health and which generate more income for the farmers,” said the Minister.
Da U Ma Your Treasure.
Of all the NPP candidates in Ri Bhoi District, only Bah Damanbaitbha Lamare, NPP candidate from Umroi, has expressed his reluctance to speak to the media and has left the party. This place, immediately after the end of the registration.
Tura, Naitung, 24: The Border Security Force (BSF) on Saturday conducted a raid with the State Police and seized 3200 bottles of Phensedyl. He was hidden in a forest in Jatrakona area of ​​South Garo Hills District, Meghalaya.
The question is why did this happen? Is it because the contractor has not worked properly or because he has to use expensive equipment because of the high cost here and there or because he has built the house but it has failed or failed?” asked the HYC. “We would also like to ask how the engineers of the PWD Building department in charge of this work have not checked thoroughly on the strength and quality of the materials used or these engineers are busy preparing others. preparing for the election but they are still receiving salaries from the Government?" The Seng said more and more.
On this occasion, the TMC Mawkyrwat Block party leaders and thousands of people who came to witness the ceremony were also welcomed. only on this day.
Pyniaid said that this is the third time that the Monolith Festival has been held.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall and thunderstorms with speeds between 30 and 40 kilometers per hour will occur in the state in the next 4-5 days.
Dr Bharati also visited NEIGRIHMS to hold a meeting with the officers of the hospital which is also a medical college.
East Khasi Hills has 70 new cases, West Garo Hills has 53 cases and others.
A reliable source said that the arrested person is from Bihar.
As soon as she left Bah, Daplin said, “What a beautiful man... Who is young and young...” Lanosha laughed loudly... And said, “Why Kongthei? I'm sorry..." I laughed again. "Then you've talked a little.
Das, 77, left home on the 25th of November at 5 pm to run step but did not return home.
The fire broke out at Photjaud Rangthong, Mawkyrwat at 10.30 pm this morning while Syrpailin Thongni, while she was on Saturday, her house burnt down. every juror.
It is also reported that among these thousands of Muslims there are those who are sick, those who are sick, those who come to take medicine, those who come to accompany those who take medicine.
He confessed that he committed the crime just to get rid of his wife because she didn't want to stay with him after he was admitted to the Rehabilitation Centre.
The report sent by the state on 19th November, 2023 shows that 23 weighbridges have been installed in the state and are fully operational and used on a daily basis.
““We want to bring in constituency clinics, where every three months they will hold public meetings and distribute report cards to them and explain to the public about the work.
It is also worth mentioning that the KHADC revenue collection gate has been allegedly set up illegally to collect revenue from vehicles carrying various goods especially vehicles driven by foreigners.
And they took their brethren with them, and went out to call their father and mother.
The Minister expressed her satisfaction that Jaintia Hills has produced well-developed farmers and said that these farmers have worked hard.
Rahul Pohtam (22) and Seilikus Dhar (35) scored the winning goals for Lumsohskie.
You are a lamp to shine for the church.
Unidentified persons set fire to the police vehicle on Sunday.
The farmers said that the machines were imported from China, but they said that it doesn't matter if they are imported from anywhere but it should be able to be implemented.
Members of the Dorbar Hima, Members of the Dorbar Shnong and village organizations should be vigilant against this so that future generations will not become slaves in their own Hima or Shnong.
Tika vaccine hesitancy will lead to a higher number of infections and deaths from Covid.
THE PINE HOUSING The pig house can be made of wood or locally available materials.
The first match of the tournament will start between Mawreng SC and Umphyrnai SC at 2 pm at the SSA Ground.
The MPCC also prays to God to grant Rahulji good health, strength and wisdom so that he can continue to lead the party to glory in the coming days. This was announced by Dr. James S. Lyngdoh, Acting President and Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh.
If the NPP suddenly comes back to power, it is certain that the state will be destroyed in order to strengthen the party as the party in the north of India.
The purpose here is to try to forget the suffering that a person may experience on his own.
She said that many of the leaders before the elections have raised their voices and voices, that they are the ones who speak for the welfare of the people while their actions are mar and what they do.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has ordered all party candidates to sign a social agreement with the party under the Indian Contract Act, 1872 which will bind them to stay in the party after winning the election. elections.
Other sources said that 52 soldiers, who were near the railway station in Guwahati, have tested positive for covid-19 today.
Samlang Haoo Shullai, resident of Umpling Dongshaneng Block VI, passed away on 26th November
God's Word says, “For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God” (Rom. 3:23), but in God's great love; The only begotten Son came to take away all sins.
The Project Officer of AHANA, Dr BL Kharmalki, spoke on the topic “Sexual Health and Issues Affecting Adolescents”. Khliehriat, Principal, Khliehriat Higher Secondary School, Father Jose Josh and Daphihi Passah, RKSK Adolescent Counselor, Khliehriat.
“According to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Meghalaya government, 80 percent of the jobs in grades C and D will be allocated to the villagers affected by the project and their neighbours.
The speed of these two MLAs has helped to complete the work quickly and to clean up the remains of those who died yesterday.
Leveraging the power of the media, we aim to build a strong foundation to trust voluntary blood donation from the ground up.
“The NEP will play a major role in this,” he said. He said that among the various aspects of education improvement, India's work is for standardization.
When they arrived at Golaghat, they found that the Longkmie was placed in a Home for Mentally Retailed Persons and was being treated well by a nurse. the NGO known as Golaghat Construction Women's Association.
The Supreme Court has ordered the closure of illegal shops near roads, places of worship and schools.
Media reports said that talks between several Congress ministers and BJP leaders are ongoing and soon in the coming days; He said that there will be more Union Ministers from the BJP to visit the state, and he said that their visit in the coming days will be to talk to the people. He said that it is almost time for them to set a date to announce to the media that they will resign from the Congress party and leave. and the BJP and are ready to contest a new election from the party.
Speaking to reporters during the inspection, Bah Hamlet Dohling said that the inspection was carried out after receiving complaints from many churches about the pollution and overcrowding of Khyndailad. “I found that it is very crowded and unclean although it is different from before. This pollution is due to the spread of food scraps. The road has been crowded due to the overcrowding of shops,” said Hamlet Dohling.
Nongpoh: The SRS RBD has strongly condemned the protest of the All Ri Bhoi Garo Headmen Association (ASA) Hima Myliem and KHADC, to withdraw the order sent to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, which according to the letter directs the DC, not to accept the No Objection. Certificate (NOC) or Dulir land, from those who are not Garo Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong: The Sports Committee of the KSU, after receiving complaints from many participants of the Meghalaya Games and parents, has expressed its strong opposition to the state government's lack of attention to these athletes.
The people succeeded in stopping this.
On the same day, the Estimate Committee also visited the Mohalla Clinic of the Delhi Government which has already set up 521 Mohalla Clinics.
Ardent Basaiawmoit said that he has done his best to understand how to remove MUDA from the market and finally in his protest with the group, he said that the government has removed the 124 sq km out of 174 sq km and the remaining 50 sq km and those within 50 sq km are Census Towns (CTs) and Statutory Towns (STs).
In the truck, which contained about 7 persons, they robbed the suspects of T.700, a mobile phone and a car tape.
On the same day, Bah Spingshon Marshra gave an explanation on how to grow strawberries, plant tits and make fertilizer by farming.
Therefore, he suggested that Khyndai Lad should have a playground in the evening and those who disturb the village should be arrested.
Ri Khasi has been independent for almost 50 years but Ri Khasi has been deteriorating day by day in all aspects especially in terms of income. and the trade in inheritance because other ethnic groups have gained the power to control the trade in inheritance here in our country, because there is no law to ban them so they have gained the opportunity to show power and They brought their friends, children, relatives, friends and neighbors to increase their income as much as they could. However, while the Khasi children have been slaves in their own country, they have to be slaves in front of the authorities for ten days.
Examples include the Mylliem Hima and the Shella Confederation.
The company has 312 showrooms in 10 countries and as part of its efforts to promote and market its products, the company's management has appointed Alia. as a carrier of words.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHIA) has strongly opposed the inspection of HDR Lyndoh's attempt to extort money from trucks.
They include Middle Star Nongrum and Pyrkhatjanai Marbaniang, residents of Nongstoin.
The villages where Agor trees are planted in Ri Lyngngam are: Nongdaju, Nongthymmai D, Nongriangju, Kyllonmatthei, Shallang, Rongkhugre, Songsak, Duranggre, Nongshram, Swanggre, Dalbot, Riangkhain, Nongdagong, Pyndenggar, Pormawlai, Snaram, Nongiawnaw. These are the villages I have mentioned. These are the villages I have mentioned. forward who still take care of the Agor trees today.
In this regard, Samla Stevenson Kharkrang, said that after the arrest of this foreigner, the union has asked the Rangbah Shnong of Nongsder about this, but he has not been able to do anything. It is learned that the registration of Adhar Card has not been authorized by the Shnong.
“It is the first meeting but the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised to take action,” said Bah Lamdibok.
Only one name.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with SIAL will hold the North East Food Show in Shillong which is also the first in the North East.
He was also awarded Fan's Player of the Year for the 2014–15 season, Bengaluru FC Player's Player of the Year (2014–15), I-League Midfielder of the Year (2014–15) , Football Player Association of India (FPAI) Player of the Year (2014–15).
Hundreds of people shot and bombed the couple and looted their belongings and damaged their vehicle.
Nurse DL Lyngdoh, Jaintia Hills, Sd.
“This continues from time to time in the elections in JHADC and GHADC and many mid-term elections where we cannot get enough candidates to contest and this is happening. I don't know why they killed DD Lapang.
The opposition parties including the BJP, Congress, and CPI(M), on the other hand, have confirmed that their candidates have been blocked by TMC followers for the visit. registered in many districts and complained that there was no implementation of the security forces of the CM, it is difficult to have peace and order and fair elections in the state.
In his speech, the Minister said that they have a goal to hold a football tournament from all the 60 constituencies in the state, where the constituencies of the MLAs can take part in this tournament.
Police in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Phudmuri have arrested several youths who were trying to smuggle drugs in Mawlai.
Four policemen were inside the vehicle, but no one was injured in the incident. People near the road said that the vehicle went slowly into the road while it was driving on the highway. .
The meeting was held at the indoor of the Seiñ Raij Jowai, Tpeppale (Madan Ryngkaw), where the Officer Incharge of Jowai Police Traffic, Sunday Manners was the chief guest, in the presence of other dignitaries. .
They are Warmasaw, Umsohbar, Bilpara, Helher, Patgoan, Bakhlapara, Akhoinijira, Jimrigaon, Hawla, Lyngkhung, Bernongsai, Balakhawa and Ranibari and New Balakhawa. in the year 2004-2
The DIG (E/R) also met with the WP/BNC police, who was injured in the incident and promised to assist them in all their needs. her responsibility and courage in her own work.
“The Sixth Schedule exempts us from paying income tax, if we don't have the Sixth Schedule we have to pay income tax. you need the District.
“They will be ashamed after they have treated us poorly,” said Halbert's father.
The Mikir Hills were hundreds of miles to the east, close to Nowgong and Sibsagar districts at that time, but they came from Jaintia Hills to join the Mikir Hills in Ma Passah, who is now known as West Karbi Anglong District, where there are places, which are well remembered, like Block I, Block II. He said that Assam has taken over the entire Nongphyllut Dolloiship.
On the other hand, HSPDP President KP Pangiang said the party has welcomed LG Nongsiej.
The Director of Veterinary Department, District Training Officer AH&Vety Manai, has alleged that there are two types of ear infections in the cows. .
Other speakers included the Finance Secretary of OCF, Ma P Sungoh, Ma L Dkhar Founder Chairman who in his speech said that the Foundation is ready to provide assistance to such people who need it. He said that the main goal of the Foundation is to provide for the children, whether they are orphans or disabled because even if they don't have parents or even if they have no parents. and those who are in the members of the body shall not be despised or despised.
The Israeli population has increased, the Israeli government has now begun to inspect the borders even though many of the Arabs in the Middle East are fighting against them but God will fulfill what he has said.
The Search and Rescue Teams of the Hospital, together with the Rescue Operation Team including the Home Guard have assisted the injured inside the hospital and evacuated them outside the hospital to the treatment centers set up by the camps and Those seriously injured were taken by ambulance for treatment from other hospitals. The Fire & Emergency Service was also present to extinguish the fire near the hospital.
The celebration was also attended by the Director of Fisheries, AL Mawlong and other officers along with the fishermen.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Cabinet of Ministers of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government today approved the Office Memorandum (MO) to issue Income and Assets Certificates to the Economically Weaker Section (EWS) or poor households. income within the State.
Heritage : means heritage, heritage is the share used according to custom; The inheritance is the inheritance of the ancestors.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Tuesday 25th October 2019 has ordered all political parties to nominate candidates for elections who must have a graduate degree and must be to be under 75years of age.
In a meeting with the party workers, Bah Boldness said that he will renew the office bearers in the DCC and also in the BCC if necessary to strengthen the party.
The next day, on the 6th, he received another call from a man identified as Deepak Kulkarni who claimed to be the muktiar and sent Mashen to deposit 20,000 tyngka in the bank. the account of another person named Daberwala Sahil.
The election campaign should be well-founded because what they say through the agenda is for five years, whether in their own constituency or in the State as a whole.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Wellbirth Rani said that his joining the UDP was due to the decision of all his followers and supporters.
In view of these events, I would like to ask you – Is the will of God in harmony with the will of man? When people do that, does God do the same? Jesus, who is a master without servants and a teacher without a degree, answers us in the Gospel of Matthew 20:1-16 “For the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which went out early in the morning to hire laborers and kingdoms. wer the workers in your vineyard.
Shri Stephan Star MarweinIn this world, there are laws which cannot be changed at all, which do not exist, for example, the sun must rise from the east and set from the west.
The visit was led by KSU Finance Secretary Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Sports Secretary Shwari Ryngkhlem and Sports Secretary KSU Wapung Unit.
b) To start managing waste and separation from households in collaboration with Waheh Chnongs and to provide training to the residents in this regard.
On the other hand, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Chairman of the District Regional Boundary Committee, said that when he comes back in victory, the boundary demarcation will be completed. from Block I & II to Meghalaya.
We have many Garo areas and villages in Shella, Mawsynram, Ranikor, Mawshynrut, Rambrai-Jyrngam, Jirang and Mawhati.
Hon'ble Judge of the Meghalaya High Court, Hamarsan Singh Thangkhiew, who was the chief guest, expressed his gratitude to be present.
“Besides the Sixth Schedule, the Central Government should empower the Hynniewtrep people by implementing Article 371 (A) and (G) as has been done in Nagaland and Mizoram,” he added.
Edward Kurbah passed away today at his residence in Marbisu, near St. Paul's School.
New York: The United Nations General Assembly today suspended Russia from its membership in the Human Rights Council over the recent incidents in Ukraine.
Lanosha replied, “Yes, yes, what I want to clarify is whether you have had a youthful relationship with him.
We would also like to express our gratitude to the DMHO (District Medical Health Officer) and also to the ambulance drivers.
According to Dr Jemino, although the signs have shown that there is nothing wrong, the party will accept whatever comes out or the explanation from Bah Reminton himself because all the signs are clear. through the media.
He said that the electricity sector has been facing problems for a long time and he is confident that the problems will be solved through cooperation.
On the other hand, the leader of the union, Samla Richard Mawkhiew, said that this salary cut is a sign of disrespect and disrespect to the Muluks.
However, as it happened in this spot/field, only Bangladeshis are allowed to enter this place.
He said that the roster without the reservation is meaningless, it is wrong because the reservation is for another reason, but the reservation without the roster is meaningless.
Alyson Wilson, who has been monitoring the bodies for 17 months, said that the man did not rest in peace in his grave if he died.
Shillong: The Samla Seng Khasi Ri-War Mingngi Shillong Branch will hold a public meeting of the youth of the area who live, study and work in Shillong on the 30th of this month at Seng Khasi College, Jaiaw-Shillong. from 12 noon to 4 p.m.
Look at the example of those who were given land in Nohkhlieh (When asked, the answer was that other villages could not come.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pynshai Marpna, Project Leads of the Smart Village Movement, said that this is just an attempt to show how the garbage collection machine works. The Government, if necessary, can use it to clean up the Umiam Lake.
Bah Pirit Talang in his speech, said that all the residents of the village should follow the rules of procedure of the village and said that they should cooperate with the village leaders so that the implementation of this rule of thumb. the charter will be successful and will also make it easier to manage the affairs of the village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has strongly opposed the MBOSE's change of textbooks at various levels in schools through its announcement on 14th November, calling on the publishers to sign contracts.
So after Jesus ascended to heaven.
The NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has allies including the UDP, PDF, HSPDP, NCP and independent MLAs.
The teams that will take part in the championship are Sub Junior, Junior, Senior Under-23 and Elite for 23 years and above.
Kyrdem Kulai OP Police have informed the Search and Rescue Team, Fire and Emergency Services and immediately rushed to Nongmahir and recovered the body of Bah Kharpati. The body was taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post-mortem but at the request of the family members, the Magistrate released the body and handed it over to the family members for the post-mortem.
He said that as the welfare organizations of the community, they are ready to cooperate with the Women Wing of Seinraij Tuber to improve the children's home.
He said that the election of a leader is the decision of the people because a leader is only a servant but not the master of anyone, so if he wins and reaches the goal he will continue and follow the work and example of the Lord and especially the matters which the Lord has led.
Regarding this allegation, the office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, has demanded that these people should show the facts according to the allegations and if If they don't, the office itself can't play chess or even demand a fee.
These groups strongly condemned the robbers involved and demanded that the law enforcement authorities should take immediate action to track down and arrest the robbers. that bar state.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh by 76 runs in the fourth match of the U-19 Men's Coach Behar Trophy at Anand, Gujarat today.
Nongpoh, Naitung 21: The residents of the villages which are eligible for the IAY scheme and under the jurisdiction of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs (SRS), Lum Manik Raitong Area, have faced many problems in relation to the IAY scheme. They have been waiting for three or four months without receiving the funds for the scheme, although they have visited the United Bank of India branches many times. (UBI), Mawhati Branch at Umsning, but until today they have not received any.
Finally, the khon rympha went.
Robert said we have supported MP Vincent Pala for 15 years but we have not been able to bring about a clean result.
Sadly, in these days with the involvement of different nations, evil deeds and the fear of God have begun to sting and many of the evil deeds have started to grow as the days go by.
We understand that the government is working hard to avoid the impact of Covid 19 but we also request that it should be prepared to fight against the shortage.
In Khatkutta, former MLA Omillo K Sangma and a woman were raped by a newcomer, Chireng Peter R Marak.
Denis said that after the struggle for the state, he also worked for the HSPDP, when he went to Jaintia Hills, Ribhoi, Nongstoin, Lyngngam and Mawkyrwat.
The River Rejuvenation Committee has been set up by the State Government.
The BJP MDCs have left the party led by Thombor Shiwat over the inability to implement the JHADC.
Likewise, Kong Rep (Banrilang's mother) couldn't help but tell the story at home and also in front of her father about Santa's well-being.
As in previous years, we would like to remind you that even the Mobile Towers have been removed and it is not allowed to erect or build any building on Lum Shyllong (Shulong)-Lum Kyntang.
The Supreme Court also said that there is a strong suspicion that some government officials are involved in the illegal mining.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has changed the syllabus of Class XI Science. they.
Bindo M Lanong, who founded the United Democratic Party (UDP) in 1997, has said that he will think about what he will do next after he was not elected as the leader of the UDP. The renewal of office bearers of the General Council was held on the 12th of this month.
They were handed over to the police for further investigation.
During the tenure of Chief Minister (L) Purno Sangma, he had demanded a separate District Council but he could not do so because it was not the same Khasi Hills.
Six vehicles were allocated for Garo Hills and six for Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
In the letter, it was written that the HNLC needs financial assistance and has allocated T.30,000 to the HNLC to write in the name of the Lion Sports Club.
I'm looking for my friend who lives in the countryside.
“There is no other thought and the Chief Minister has not said anything that we will no longer have cooperation within the government,” he said.
The cost of the project is 60 million US dollars of which the state government will contribute 12 million US dollars and out of this 12 million, 90 percent will be paid by the central government and only 10 percent will be paid by the state government. by the World Bank.
In Class XII Commerce and Arts, no students scored 100 per cent.
When we look closely, we see that many of the youth in our state do not like this kind of work.
The number of cases in India in the past 24 hours has risen to 9,851 and the death toll to
The vehicle (ML 05 J 5626) was taken to the Civil Hospital by the Malki Youth Association.
In the Under-19 Boys Singles, Kapil Biswakarma of Laban Sports Club Table Tennis Academy became the winner after defeating Labeeb Faisel Ahmed 4-3
At present, there are 1,200 employees and thousands of people who earn their living from the kotsada industry.
Washington Sundar, who has been released from the squad, will join Tamil Nadu for the Ranji Trophy semi final against Mumbai on October
Headline June 06 : Mr. Vincent.
Speaking to reporters, the Rangbah Shnong of Nongjri-Ummawbud, Bah N Nongsiej, said that the company, which was previously closed down, has now been closed down. The Umsiang River has been polluted which supplies water to 20 villages in the area.
The incident of kidnapping and rape happened on 27th June
There will also be snowfall, heavy and heavy in parts of the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Driving Training Center run by Wanpynhunlang Nongrum and Evalarisha Shabong of Jaiaw Mawbynna today donated 500 helmets to the Driving Police.
Jowai: MPUF President Dapoiwan Mi Laloo and General Secretary Kyrshan Blah have been charged under the provisions of the law for their involvement in the smuggling of cattle from India to Bangladesh.
One of the unpleasant consequences is that children have a place to make friends and even with strangers who can take advantage of their vulnerability.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titos W Chyne, today convened a meeting of the Chief Executive Members of the proposed railway lines in the areas. of Ri Bhoi District.
Here work means the work that a person does every day or equally to provide for urgent needs such as food, clothing, medicine and others; While the income opportunities are cattle farming, pig farming, fish farming or soybean farming which are additional activities to earn money for other needs.
He said that science has made life easier for people and with the help of science it has been possible to bring the long journey closer.
A case has been registered at Khliehriat Police Station and the investigation is ongoing to identify those involved in this crime.
Jesus is a saint and a god who came to earth.
“We have been living in the midst of counting even the National Human Rights Commission has not allowed us to call it Sweepers Colony, but your Government continues to call it Sweepers Colony. “We have seen in the morning the articles in the newspapers that their residence is called the residence of the road guards,” said Gurjit Singh.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the two-day seminar organized by the Khasi Author Society on the theme, “Khasi Language, Literature and Culture,” which ended on Saturday, “There are three 'K's' that emphasize and identify our snap as a nation.
At the meeting, the Governor also handed over checks to the 24 winners of the marathon organized by the NEC on the 27th of this month on the occasion of the visit of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Modi in Shillong.
He said that in the past, Saba village was looked after by Mukroh and with the understanding of the village leaders of Mukroh and the Dolloi, they allowed Saba village to govern itself since
“Ka seng strongly requests the child line and the law enforcement authorities to investigate the mother and father who dared to break this child and the child line should punish them. “It is strong without discrimination against anyone, so that such incidents will not happen again in the land of Hynniewtrep”.
The contract was set to expire at the end of the 2023-24 season.
They said that as soon as the ARPA failed, they thought that it had understood its duty, what it should do, but until today it has not shown any sign of resignation.
MICHAEL NONGTDU (INC) – 12455.
Lajong wishes this young player the best of luck.
These villages include Umdum, Domkseh, Wahrinong, Marwir, Mawkdi, Lawdisai, Umjakoid and others.
The Mawhati MLA has decided to contest from the Nongkrem constituency led by Lambor Malngiang as an Independent.
Shillong, July 22: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District, has decided not to cooperate with the government in various matters related to the people, including He also urged the residents not to enter the government offices and seek assistance from these various government departments.
On the MUDA building rules, the Chief Minister said that there is a need to discuss better as they are issues that have been done for a long time.
“I will know the progress and cost of these projects after I have held a meeting,” he added.
Friends, neighbors and neighbors who have been with us to accompany and console us during the tragic incident in our family of the passing away of Julius Nongtdu.
Shillong, March 18: The Meghalaya Retired Deficit School Teachers Association (MRDSTA) on Tuesday handed over a letter to the Prime Minister. Conrad Kongkal Sangma has said that the demand for pension should not be paid according to the approval of the 5th Pay Commission.
The chief guest on the occasion was Bah OH Toi, President of Seiñraij Jowai who came to inaugurate the competition in the presence of office bearers of WJDBA including President Bah JM Pohsngap and General Secretary Bah M Nongpluh. and others.
Shillong: The NEHU Inter College Football (Women) Tournament 2019 was inaugurated by the Assistant Director (Sports), Prof. N. Das as the chief guest at the JN Stadium, Shillong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Sordar Raid, Bah Teibor Lynra said that the Puja of Pukan is a ritual which is held to offer thanksgiving to the people. for the villagers in this Raid.
He also urged the parents to be thoughtful when buying motorcycles for their children as it can be dangerous if they drive improperly and if they find that the parents the fathers who transgress the law shall be punished.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 21: U Bah Pdok Tariang, who has been a prominent member of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee since 2003, has worked tirelessly for the party. He said that he has resigned from his membership in the Congress party and joined the United Democratic Party. Kyrmen Shylla, UDP candidate from Khliehriat Constituency, has been elected.
This large number of children has destroyed the society and is an example of the lyngkar of our society.
“For many years, we have been talking about the kilo cut of agricultural products in the market or other markets and the District Council has sent an amendment in terms of Establishment, Management and Control. of Market Amendment Regulation Act 2021 and the Governor of the State has approved this.
The registration fee is Rs 3,000 as stipulated by the Central Election Committee.
HI,I am looking for a girl from Shillong or Jowai who is 18-26 years old. I am looking for a nurse from Shillong. Please send me mscl or sms to
The arrest of Marak is a message that no one is above the law and those who commit bloodshed will be punished according to their deeds.
East Khasi Hills has 9 cases and West Garo Hills has 20 new cases.
“This election of leaders to the Legislative Assembly whether for the MP elections to Parliament, MLAs to the Legislative Assembly or MDCs to the Autonomous District Councils should not be a festival, but it is a sacred life and death, if the people think that it is only a charity that comes once every five years, then the Nongmihkhmat when he wins will make it a charity,” he said. “The goal of the people's leaders is to advocate in the Assembly to reopen the border markets, to build to amend the Education Policy, to strengthen agriculture, to open factories to employ indigenous youth who are educated who are unemployed.
BM Lanong, leader of the United Democratic Party, said, “Because, as long as the state has been under the Gauhati High Court, there has never been such an order to challenge the customary matters. -customs in the villages.
Shillong: Sawmer FC on Saturday beat Nangkiew Irat FC 0-1 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League.
Speaking to media, Sarma said, “Recently, we have agreed to visit Hahim and we have also agreed to set up border posts in Hahim. They didn't go to all the states.
He said that on the other hand, the union is pleased to know that the government through the PWD department has already called a tender to improve the road for the convenience of the people. It is still time to do this as the government has approved. It is necessary to repair the road first so that it does not cause problems to the people in the traffic especially the deterioration of the road has affected the traffic of the people. especially the sick and pregnant women, he added.
“The government has taken steps to ensure that peace and order is not affected.
Speaking to media, Dr. Kharlukhi said, “The parties in the government accuse the government of being afraid.
So the Philistines plotted against him.
According to sources, the UDP supporters from West Shillong who re-elected Bah Paul Lyngdoh in the MLA election have accepted the nomination of Bah Auguster Jyrwa to contest on the UDP ticket from Jaïaw constituency. It is to be recalled that Bah Auguster Jyrwa had contested the MDC election from Jaïaw constituency on the Congress ticket in 2019, but did not win.
NPP National Vice President Prestone Tynsong and Pynursla MLA today announced the party's decision to re-elect Conrad K Sangma as the Leader of the Parliamentary Party (PP).
The Dorbar Shnongs in Nagaland, Yaongyimchen, have applied for assistance from the Wildlife Trust of India to support their village authorities to practice permanent terrace farming cultivation. from the destruction of forests.
The driver of the truck fled the scene after hitting the motorcycle, but the police found the truck in the area. the village of Umtrew.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The budget session of the Central Government for the year 2016-2017, the budget allocation for various District Councils has dropped sharply compared to the special allocation received through the Special Assistance of up to T.1000 crore in 2015-1
These two inheritors of their tribe grew stronger and stronger every day.
Many villages have demanded from the government authorities especially the PWD department to repair the roads in their villages or areas, but the answer they have received from the PWD Engineers is that there is no fund or no currency.
In an interview with Prestone, it was understood that the SPV has not yet been able to implement all the money collected from Lafarge. This is so that the people of these 52 villages can get the benefits to which they are entitled.
He also warned the people that if they vote for the NPP in this election, it means that they vote for the BJP. Judge, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai on Tuesday sentenced Salbinal Nangbah and Belting Tyngkra of Mynkrem to life imprisonment for their involvement in the murder of Prodic Nangbah. who is from the same village in the incident from January
West Khasi Hills –1
He said that one of the reasons why he resigned from the KSU is because he does not agree with the ILP protest. Another reason he said is that he doesn't trust the current leaders of the Central Body.
Reenborn has also served as a Law Officer in the Guwahati High Court, Shillong Bench and as Secretary of the Law Commission of the State Government.
Looking at the decline of the jaidbynriew in society, culture and family in these days, it cannot be said that the footprints that our ancestors left in the shyiap of time have become increasingly dark. dam and soon they will disappear altogether.
The Minister said there are 903 schools with less than 20 students including 395 Primary and 508 Upper Primary schools across the state.
“The emissions from these factories have affected the health of the people especially those who live near these factories.
The women's team will play against Ri-Bhoi at 12:15 pm and the men's team will play against Ri-Bhoi at 2:45 pm.
Shillong, Shillong, have scored many runs in the 20th over against East Khasi Hills in Nongpoh on Saturday morning. They scored 109/6
Richard Uriah, Principal of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, expressed his gratitude to the three children who have brought fame not only to the school, but especially to the parents.
In a statement, the home ministry said the LTTE is a Sri Lankan group but its supporters, encouragers and assistants are from parts of India.
Rahul Gandhi has said that the Khasi and Garo are not in the Eighth Schedule but he has forgotten about the Jaintia.
The General Secretary of AMPSTA, Bah FC Shullai, said that APMSTA at the same time expresses its gratitude to the students of Class XII. government to the children is to encourage and motivate the children to be smart and to focus on their studies.
Eviction of residents of Sabuda, Block I & II, eviction of 575 residents of Huhuapara on the night of 8th November 2018, proposal to build a dam on Khri River below Kyrshai which has displaced the residents of 16 villages due to flooding.
The tournament was sponsored by the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District under the Chief Minister's Youth Development Scheme.
The Boxing Federation of India (BFI) has selected 12 fighters from the national team, including five men, for the 2022 Commonwealth Games to be held in Birmingham from 28 November to 8 January.
Netania T Tariang and Gavind Kharbuki (EKH) won the women's and men's singles.
Shillong, Naitung: The MLA has also encouraged the students to donate laptops to those students who have entered the top 20 of the SSLC examination. The 8th batch of students sponsored by the UGC was held on the 9th of this month at the Principal Conference of Shillong College. Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur, 19: More than 510 Lower Primary and Secondary Schools across the state have been destroyed.
“It is they who came to propose and before we accept it we have considered it carefully.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donlang Sohkhlet, one of the elders of Ri-Bhoi, expressed his gratitude to the vision of the youth of Umsning, who have taken the initiative to hold such a event. The festival was held to celebrate the good deeds of serving the community especially to promote education through their good intention to help the school.
In Group B, Kerala beat Manipur 3-1
In the 1993s, I left that man, because of the voice that used to come out in this area, that we need a villager and I went to support Bah KK Dkhar, from the Congress party. and we have been away from Massar for decades and Ganold was defeated by Khan in
The HNYF Leader in Ri Bhoi, has strongly criticized the cow traders, because many of the cows which have been approved by the veterinary department have been smuggled to Bangladesh, but the cows have been rejected. They have been sold to the markets across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills, which has not only caused harm to the people, but has also caused problems to the people on the increase in the price of beef.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah David Nongrum congratulated the Press Information Bureau and DAVP, which are the departments of the Central Government, for conducting this public awareness campaign. various departments of the Government of Meghalaya to inform the public about the main activities of the Government of Meghalaya.
There are more prominent villages and places like Mookoiram, Um Samynthoo, Myni, Umpawiang Khanduli, Stonglapar Lakaroi and others but these are not prominent.
The NPP and UDP have the highest number of MLAs while the PDF and BJP have only two each.
The CEM of the JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, on Tuesday said that the council will soon shut down the JUD Cement plant in Narpuh District.
In a very competitive competition; The Rishot team from Dongmihsngi, Jowai won the second prize and the second prize went to the team from Chlem hikai Sur Tynre of Seiñraid Mukhla. MUS is located in Mustem.
The Gospel of Mark 10:17-23 tells of a conversation between Jesus and the rich young man.
West Bengal Governor CV Ananda Bose on Tuesday criticized the continued violence during the Panchayat elections. long as the politics of murder, robbery and violence.
So it is a sad thing to hear such words.
Furthermore, if anyone who is quarantined at home has fever, cough or shortness of breath, please inform immediately by phone at 94853-95373, 82579-46145, -08817 lane 89740-37257.
The JSM said that the import of pigs from abroad will threaten the spread of swine fever.
So far, 26 cases have been confirmed in the state, 40 cases and 13 recoveries.
In an interview with this reporter, he said that he used to treat those who suffer from burns, eye diseases, bone diseases, rheumatism, ear infections, infections and other diseases.
“We are still preparing the rules so that it will not affect anyone,” said Dasakhiat.
When asked, the Prime Minister said, “There has been no discussion on the part of the Congress MLAs to join the NPP, but the purpose of their visit is only to support them in order to work together on the issues of the party. they didn't stay long“.
“If such a leader dares to commit such a crime, he should be punished according to the law.
“Because of the iniquities of a land, many shall be its rulers: but by men of understanding, that they may be delayed” Proverbs 28:2
In another incident, police said that a resident of Jaisingpura Sultana, Rajasthan complained that on 4th June at about 5:20 pm, one of his colleagues, received One phone call from a man named Ajay Charlie and later, the person who received the phone call was robbed of T.45,0
On the 24th of July, 2023, the first batch of training was completed, with better training for Lady Supervisors, Cluster Coordinators, ASHA Facilitators, Cluster Resource Persons, Gram Sevaks/ Sevikas, Anganwadi workers, ASHAs, Community Gender Health Activists (CGHAs), school teachers, caregivers (mothers, grandparents and other caregivers at home) members of the Self Help Group and Village Organizations (VO) so that other members working together can be trained in the same category, and to start training for village workers and village leaders.
Lajong started to create opportunities for their share and in the 24th minute Rooney Willson Kharbudon equalized with the assist of Lajong. u Singleton Born Singlong.
The reason why Kim had to forbid the employees from wearing bright clothes was so that they would not destroy the brightness and beauty of the house.
Unemployment, lack of income, income at the age of 50-60 can increase the risk of mental illness and heart-attack. the surprise of any sudden tragic event.
The former CEO of Mizoram Khadi and Village Industries Board (MKVIB) Lalsawmzuala has been fined T.4 lakh by the Special Court of Aizawl. of his involvement in a corruption scandal.
He said the arrest was made to prevent such incidents that could frighten tourists.
While the offer was going on, not a single buyer looked at Gomer and the slave traders did not expect anyone to buy her. he is the leader.
He said that the HYC had gone to the area without the permission of the Rangbah Shnong, and they had entered by force. “Fortunately, on that day, there were no youths of Nongtrai village. There were no tragic incidents and injuries. If there were people, there would have been no injuries,” said the Secretary. KP Wahlang, Village of Nongtrai.
We will continue to do this because the teachers are the ones we have taken first,” he promised.
Some of the symbols displayed include the progress of the Early Childhood Mission, improvements in higher education, training, self-employment and PRIME programmes. to the Union Minister on the recently launched Meghalayan Grassroots Music Projects and other programs to promote musicians and craftsmen in the state.
On the other hand, the price of white pylleng has dropped to 170 shitre and at higher times it has reached 200 tyngka while the price of red pylleng has reached 300 tyngka. and at times of increase it can reach 350 per shitre.
So far, 59,979 people have entered the state and there are 40 checkpoints in the state.
According to Martle, if the UDP needs to join hands with the RDA (Regional Parties Alliance) with the HSPDP.
He hoped that the government would take up this issue soon, and hoped that the central government would listen now, because even the Ministry of Home Affairs of the central government has sent a survey of the Khasi language. whether it is entitled to be recognized in the Fifth Schedule according to the rules.
“They should give and it is my part and I will be very proud,” Owaisi said.
Thus, it has helped a lot and has become another source of employment for many young people.
Phudumbahsepngi SC tried to change the game, but Nginïong SC didn't allow them to turn the tide.
That is in stark contrast to the 2006 revision.
With his third re-election, Xi Jinping is expected to become the second leader and ruler after Mao Zedong, who founded the People's Republic of China in
Look at Gavin, who comes home every day without a book and without homework.
It is surprising that when they arrived at the scene, a large crowd of men and women came out with their sorrow to express their reluctance to go to Assam.
Mawphor: How many years have you been trying to swim? Thouba: I have been trying or training to swim since I was 14 years old in the rivers and ponds in the villages in Manipur.
One of these is Sumer village in Ri-Bhoi district, where many of them raise dairy cows.
Shillong, July 7: Ka Kong Bindas Syiem, on Tuesday morning, said that she has been suffering from a shortage of food since yesterday.
Therefore, if the E.I.A 2020 becomes law, the owner of the land will no longer have the right to cry out.
He said that the meeting with the people is part of the collection of information regarding the border issue and the Council will submit it to the government on this issue. It does not determine the boundaries, it is up to the government and not to the district council.
Wasa United FC, who were also the champions of the Super Division of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) last season, have retained the title this season by beating Ladthadlaboh. FCThe final match between the two teams was fierce and fierce, both the teams struggled to score but until the end of the first half no one could score.
Shillong: The Sohra Presbytery Shillong (KJKSPS) will celebrate its 25th anniversary since its inception on 25th July
These types of laboratories are mainly used for testing and studies on various viruses.
In response, he said, “We don't want to encourage people to move from one party to another.
The 6-storey building will have parking spaces, a stall for the youth, a Theater Auditorium, a Museum and an elevator. ) which have up to four to facilitate the rise and fall.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The youngest Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Thwelson Manik Syiem, on Tuesday said that he had no involvement in the seizure of more than T.2 crore. The bank account of Mylliem Hima at Meghalaya Co-Operative Bank Ltd. has been opened in the Rupang newspaper on 15th July.
Perhaps this is the main reason why the Khasi language is slowly being included in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India. It is the Khasi and Garo languages ​​which take time to be recognized by the authorities in charge of languages ​​in the country.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning, Raid Leaders, Rangbah Shnong and other dignitaries.
The group congratulated Keebor Kurbah, Kevin Malngiang, Bankit Lyngdoh, Rock Marbaniang, Rojet Mawlong, Maitphang Thangkhiew, Lamjingshai Channel and Imilate.
When asked about the UDP ticket applicants, Bah Ryngkat said that as of now, no one has applied for ticket from the party.
The match, which was postponed yesterday, due to heavy rain in Manchester, at the stadium of the two countries.
Police have not yet commented on the video and have not yet confirmed whether they are the people who have been wanted as the investigation is ongoing. continue.
Shillong, July 17: U MLA of 19 South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has awarded 93 Aganwadi workers to the children. The ceremony was held on Saturday at Bishnupur. The ceremony was held on Saturday at Bishnupur.
In the final of the Under-17 men's category, Assam Rifle beat Rymbai Presbyterian HSS 5-4 in the tie-breaker. col.
Speaking on the occasion, the Governor said that there should be a safe environment for the barikor to develop their traditional skills and the Government should support the efforts of the Riti Academy.
Only those outside these areas can be opened.
WILL.I.AM has launched a face mask, which is different these days, but it costs $299 (£216).
The State Government should have full authority for this purpose, so that all these things can be done in order.
The right of our Khasi Pnar women to marry foreigners.
The Central Command of the HNLC strongly condemns the arrest of Bah Lamphrang Kharbani and other colleagues by the police on 2nd June
If we take these two statements, those trains that will come here slowly, along with thousands of passengers day and night, then the ILP will prevent anyone else, even if they get within 5 minutes or after 5 years? Not only that, the railway and railway lines have reached all parts of the North East, including Tripura, Manipur and parts of Mizoram, such as Bairabi, which is located in Kolasib district, through Assam.
The Awakening India Movement (AIM) today held a memorial service in Khyndailad to condemn the father of two children who were raped by Joefreeson Jana on 30th June in Nongrah. .
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that in the new year, in July 2021, the government will abolish the odd and even number driving of commercial vehicles in East Khasi Hills District.
The MDA government led by the NPP and in collaboration with the UDP, PDF and others is a government of the rich.
Sujeet Kumar Singh, Head Cashier of the bank, said the group consisted of about five persons, all of whom were in military uniform and covered their faces.
Encouraging the office bearers and members of the Unit, Bah Lambokstarwell reminded that the party since its inception has stood on three pillars and those are to promote, preserve and protect. “While the youth of the country are studying the history of the nation while the youth are carrying the responsibility of the community, that is the best contribution we can make to the society. The Rangbah Shnong of Nongrim Village was also present on this occasion.
The Government urges all youths stranded in the North East who wish to return home to register on the website by 4th July
Pyndap Pyrtuh scored in the 31st and 52nd minutes, Pynskhem Mukhim in the 33rd, 37th and 40th minutes and Wanbok Dhar in the 48th minute.
In the junior men's category, Stevenson Swer, Donkupar Nongrum and Joyfulness K. Wanniang won the second prize.
The HYC has found that the Committee of Foreigners has been acting as their Dorbar Shnong to issue village certificates to prove that any foreigner is a full resident within the boundary of KHADC. These certificates are used as proof in various banks and to prove their citizenship.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Operators Association (MCTOOA) has expressed its opposition to the state government's plan to abolish the powers of district councils in the state.
In the presence of the ADC of Ri Bhoi, Bah MB Tongper, SP of Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad and the Leader of Journalists, Bah Cornelius Laloo and others, in which they took the Pledge to fight against drug trafficking.
Many of them are citizens who have nominated themselves for leadership because they feel that the people need them.
The PIL was filed by Chamber M Sangma.
He said the government's main target is to increase the production of sying from 60 MT to 150 MT per annum in the next three years and to ensure that Meghalaya is a The state produces the largest amount of sying in the country.
It is also true that Soso Tham was a prophet and an inspiration to the nation.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma today informed the House that 65 youths have been selected for the SF (Special Force)-1 and 54 in the UB/AB branch have not yet joined.
It is understood that if the suspect does not surrender himself before the police, the police will not stop searching until he is arrested.
He said that their honor on that day was not that they had any spirit to shake the world again.
Stating that it is the duty of the Government to ensure that no business requiring a license should operate without a licence, the Court said, “the position taken by the Government on The illegal mining of coal and the operation of the illegal coke factories are unacceptable.
According to information received, the other teams who should have played in the first semi final as scheduled and scheduled because they have not qualified or applied for the semi final and also because they are from another pool, therefore. The tournament committee has decided to proceed with the match but the last quarter final between Laban SC and Boca Junior SC will be postponed until further notice.
Shillong: The deterioration of the National Highway 06 has caused heavy traffic jam from Umkiang to Sunapur since 23rd June. students can no longer get back to school on time.
The District authorities have fired water, lyer pynsatkhmat and also lathi bombs at the students of Kiang Nangbah on the 10th of this month while they were protesting by marching to demand the government to implement the issues. their claim.
Because of the lack of land, Ma Shallam said, “Tomorrow, Christians will also use it”.
Divyansh Joshi scored 22 runs from 20 balls, Pankaj Lodh scored five runs and took 16 balls while Gurjeet Singh took three wickets from three balls. Prantik Dey took two wickets in three overs.
But what is the Government’s response to all this? The Chief Minister of the State, a few days ago, said that it is not yet time to discuss or amend the Reservation Policy as it will cause many problems.
Why is there so little financial assistance to improve the beauty of the famous public markets like Pynursla, Laitlyngkot, Smit, Mawkyrwat, Nongstoiñ, Sohra, Mawsynram, Langstieh and other markets? who support the Khasi people.
After that, she went back to the living room where Rida and Niakha were.
“Therefore, we should honor our ancestors who have contributed to the nation and especially that we have received this Sixth Schedule,” he said.
The two earthquakes struck immediately after the first quake, which measured 7.8 on the Richter scale.
The price we pay for freedom is to be vigilant and watchful so that those who will succeed us too, will have a better and more perfect free life.
The turnout today reached 160 million, or 67 percent.
“The Principal Secretary to the State Health Department, Sampath Kumar, said, “The government under the leadership of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has set a target to achieve victory and I want to telling you, in the next three years, changes will take place.
“Until now, the Nongshynshar Shnongs between the Khasi and Garo as well as the residents of the villages have the same voice and unity to remain within Meghalaya in this proposal to settle the border between the two state governments”. Teiborlang Nonglang, President and Serbilin Lyngdoh, Secretary, along with W. Marak, Chairman of the Joint Action Committee, said in a statement.
Wallam said that this is the first time that such a program has been held, and he hopes that another program will be held again. The children will be sent to Portugal for training or education.
On the other hand, Bah Kharraswai said that to discuss how to bring in more government departments and offices that are entitled to the needs especially in agriculture and also to monitor the schemes in the area. .
It is worth mentioning that yesterday, many of the students especially those students who passed the examination for the post of Junior Engineer in the Department of Veterinary, Water Resource Department and PWD (R&B) were shocked after the results. It has spread on social media.
“We feel that it is the duty of the government to help our Khasi from Mukroh village who can provide information or witnesses to this incident. “We have seen the strength and courage of the Karbi in the border areas where in Khanduli they have set up a tax collection gate at Khanduli and up to the border. They have warned the Pnar people not to form groups or organizations, when they have formed themselves as a rebel organization as it has appeared in the media,” said the statement.
They also requested the CEM to have a cooperation between the state government and the District Councils to prevent foreign vehicles from entering the state as it affects the income of the state. court that owns the village.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government will soon take a decision whether to accept or not to make Mathematics a compulsory subject in schools. .
In the rural areas, it is the teachers who are the helpers, leaders, guides in many village development activities and other social activities.
For the semi final of the women's category, St. Dominic HS School (Laskeiñ Block) will play against Amlarem Govt.
“The Court has said it is pleasing to resolve the issues as we are still in charge of resolving the issues between the Government and the HPC,” he said.
Some of them have taken loans to start their own businesses and this has severely affected their income.
Speaking to media, Conrad K Sangma said the question is to review the soskular signed between Meghalaya and Assam to resolve the six disputed areas out of 12 projects. I'm not long anymore.
In last year's Assembly elections, Rev. Kharkongor said that the citizens of the State have shown their choice against those who lead the religion, the unwillingness to accept, confuse and so on.
He said the intention of the Bill is good, but the time for its introduction has not yet come because the MDCs who are MLAs will have to resign from their posts halfway if the Bill is implemented.
Shillong: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi, has agreed with the proposal of UDP Leader Paul Lyngdoh to form a group of ethnic parties in the Eastern Region to fight against the Congress and BJP. Because these two parties in Delhi have turned away from the people of the region.
Also present on the occasion were the MLA and Minister in charge of Revenue & Disaster, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Director of Tourism, Bah CVD Diengdoh, MDCs of JHADC including Bah Lasky. Rymbai, Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS, Principal of Jaintia Eastern College Dr. Phervision Nongtdu and others.
The Asst.General Manager of NABARD, Bah Greville Kharlukhi urged and encouraged the graduates to use the skills they have acquired during the training for their own benefit.
The two-day market will be inaugurated on April 19, 2023 by Local MLA Wailadmiki Shylla in the presence of Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, BS Sohliya, IAS. Evergreen Mukhla beat Evergreen Mukhla by 171 runs in the Open Tournament held at Khliehtyrshi Stadium on Friday.
At this meeting, the two organizations urged the people of Assam and Meghalaya not to protest and said that this incident is not the result of hatred between the ethnic groups of these states. 'but it is a long-standing issue directly related to the border dispute between these two states.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the three-day Athletics Games which started on the 18th of this month, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, expressed his satisfaction. to see the active participation of the students of the area.
On the opening day, 7 students who scored high marks in Khasi subject in the HSSLC and SSLC 2014 examinations were also awarded.
The CM said that the President will visit the state on the 15th and 16th of this month and will open the Meghalaya Games 2024 on the 15th as the Chief Guest.
“However, no one has listened to this request and now I will be the Minister of Education and I am here with a purpose because I am a teacher and people don't understand the work and hard work,” he said. you are a teacher,” said Dr Laloo.
However, the men's team lost to Assam.
In the end, they lost by 111 runs, with Manish Sharma scoring five players for the second time in the tournament, and this time his score was (5/38) which increased his match point to 11/49 after scoring 6/11 in the first innings.
On the part of Bah L.Rympei Manager Sericuluture Department, Nongpoh, as the chief guest, he spoke about the benefits of this industry and urged them to improve this industry. They also said that this training will be a blessing for the future of their lives.
On the 22nd of this month, Shillong Sadar and Nongmynsong Police have arrested Barabor Namsaw and Khraw Shylla from Nongmynsong. , said the Superintendent of Police, Shillong.
West Bengal scored the second goal in the 69th minute.
Shillong: U David Dkhar (66), of Madanriting, Shillong, was admitted to Nazareth Hospital, Shillong on 21st June 2021 and died on the 30th of this month.
After the arrest, the three persons were taken to Karbi Anglong district for further investigation.
According to him, the incident occurred far from Lapangap village.
In the Pynthorumkhrah area, the Pynthorumkhrah area has been flooded with heavy rainfall on Thursday.
However, Dulong turned the tide through Kynsaikupar Bareh in the 24th minute, after a few minutes Dulong scored the second goal through Yoobhalang Langstang in the 26th minute. .
put the mat where it relates to it.
Because the Ministry of Education has given grades according to the Performance Grading Index (PGI),” said Lahkmen.
Ministers of the State Government, Bah AL Hek and James K Sangma today summoned the Head of BSNL including the General Manager of Meghalaya, Nirmal PG. The BSNL management has canceled the plan to hold operations on Good Friday.
This thinking and statement is the wrong of the most wrong.
All those who bought these bikes and vehicles should have bought them without proper documents and without receiving a police report. The stolen vehicles were announced and sold by destroying the engine numbers and chassis numbers so that the law enforcement agencies would not find them.
Nongpoh said that at present the MLA Scheme in Mawhati is running smoothly without any delay, even though the MLA is in jail and these schemes are run by the leaders of Julius.
The incident happened at 4:30 pm this morning, when the truck was heading towards Byrnihat, but overturned at the place where the truck was heading. against the District & Session Judge in Nongpoh.
The KSU leader also demanded that the Garo people should immediately release Bah Dinarsing Syiemlieh before that day if they do not want any conflict between the Khasi and Garo people. The Garo are in the district but all the Khasi don't treat them badly and we respect them more than others because we treat them like our brothers and sisters but if the forests want to destroy this relationship then don't “We demand that the Khasi should be released within the 10th of this month,” said the statement. Otherwise, if anything bad happens, the Seng will not be responsible.
This farm is very fertile and is the food source of more than a dozen villages in the West Khasi Hills.
He also states that he is confident that one day he will be a job giver, not a job seeker.
“Yes!! Linda, where are you going?” asked Riia. “I'm going to my friend's birthday party.
However, the incident took place at the Tiehwieh Police Check Point and not at Sahsniang.
Pastor L Manner, Tbn E Laloo, Wahiajer Mission Center and prayer were delivered by Pastor K Laloo, Pastor incharge of Saitsama.
This kind of celebration during the election has caused people to talk to other states of India because when they see on social media they are surprised that there is no violence even if they celebrate with men and women. too.
Dhar said the candidate for the Shillong seat will be announced in due course.
He added that when the leaders are elected by people from outside the district, this distances and alienates the villagers in the district, because they don't know the customs and traditions of the raid countries and they don't There is no responsibility for the welfare of the people and for the life and death of the people.
Some sying farmers have expressed concern over the lack of market for their produce.
Besides, the good performance of the state in many sports is something that the people can be proud of.
After this goal, it was like a wake-up call for Laitkor, where they started to play strongly and through Iaraplang Nongrum in the minute (35+2) they managed to turn the tide by scoring the first goal. Iaraplang Nongrum scored the third goal from a free kick.
“The UDP Pynursla Circle is deeply saddened by the government's decision to hand over to private companies or companies which can seriously affect the electricity consumers especially the poor,” said the President of the UDP. Mr. Aihok Khongmalai and Mr. Hame Khongsit, Secretary.
Speaking to reporters, Wanrida said she is proud to have received this award for bringing glory to the state.
Myriam Princess: The Princess of Myriam.
He said the AITC also has a goal that all religions in the country should be free and not be discriminated against as it has been in these years.
He also urged the youth not to have any differences of opinion in their service to the community but to have a spirit of love as brothers and sisters especially to unite for the sake of strengthening the community. Their services are especially to be as watchdogs to curb crime in the community.
“We will not sit idly by, but we will work hard for the welfare of the people of the state, when we find any unfair activity on the part of the MDA,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
After the meeting of the party held on Tuesday at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat, the leaders including the General Secretary, Dr. Ricky A. Syngkon and Vice-President , Dr. Kara H. Chen have submitted a petition to the Government demanding to suspend the recruitment while the Roster System and Reservation Policy have not been finalised.
Other speakers included former student of the school, Bah S.Suting, retired Commandant of the Home Guard, who said that all the areas in other places have their own colleges; except for Pynursla area where there is not a single college and there is an urgent need to set up a government college.
He said that the struggle of the Jañtia against the government did not end after the arrest of Kiang Nangbah by the French, but after him the struggle was led by Myllon who was the Daloi of Mynso constituency.
Shillong: The KSU Iooksi Unit led by Samla Sainia Sutnga, President Samla Sainia Sutnga, General Secretary of the KSU Iooksi Unit in the presence of the Head Teacher of the KSU Iooksi Unit, Bah D Nongrum, They visited the school and found that the school was filled with rainwater from the burnt and burnt tins.
Shillong, March 23: Ka KHNAM on Tuesday said that its support to the PDF is not for any reason but for the issues that Bah Pynshngain N Syiem as CEM has fought for the people and you have nothing to do with it.
He said that Kong Susan had taken money from him in the name of the women wing but later it was learned that it was not so.
The Central Jail in Guwahati has now fallen under the containment zone.
He said that after the SEC meeting, the party will submit a proposal at the upcoming meeting with the HSPDP within the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA). .
Speaking to Rupang, the mother of Victoria Kharkongor, Berlin Kharkongor, said that the death of her daughter at the scene shocked her and she does not know the cause of her death.
Babu Jubon Roy was one of the greatest Khasi officers in this field.
Corruption didn’t start from Representative, it started from people especially during election time.
On this occasion, the 16th ASDC-Awards' Distribution 2020 was also distributed to the winners of the examinations. .
It is for this reason that the rice from abroad can be better than the rice from Khasi-Jaintia but after a few years it can deteriorate.
After investigating the letter, it was found that it was sent through the NIC Network from a system in the name of FE Sabhong, Asst.
The State Government was also informed about the measures taken by the Federation in the past few months to curb the influx of foreigners without following the rules of the Inner Line. permit and called on the State Government to take action to implement the Act in the State as a whole.
However, he was only allowed to speak during the discussion of the state budget and that too was limited to 50 minutes.
“He said that the people should not just listen to election songs or news spread and mislead about the working methods of the BJP. understand the principles of the BJP and the name of Modi has reached the villages,” said Bah Sanbor.
The competition was amazing, the organizers were perfect, all the preparations and arrangements were perfect,” said Elijah.
This festival is held in the spring after the harvest season.
As of today, traffic on the road near the DC's office has been blocked due to the traffic jam.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases, accounting for 50%.
The FKJGP office bearers expressed how the State Government has conducted the public hearing and whether the Government has done properly in listening to the feelings of the people living on the border, as at present, Malchapara has 108 houses; households want to stay in Meghalaya while 35 households want to go to Assam.
"“Although the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has said that the Government is finding it difficult to do so, we have also discussed that if we are only temporary employees for 15 years, it will be very difficult to do so. work besides that the salary is low.
The service will be held at two venues, from the 15th to the 18th at the Presbyterian Church Nongpoh, near the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh.
In the second round of the special event, Habanjop ran 20 meters in 2.91 seconds and broke the record of the international global benchmark of 3 seconds.
He said that as this incident has led to the death toll, the Government cannot disclose the names of the people.
Umkiang PP Police at 3.35 pm conducted a search operation at Damcherra, Kuliang and seized a Honda City (AS06-V-8941).
Although Tapan Das's house is only 200 meters away from Garobadha Police Station, it took the police about 10 and a half hours to reach the scene. They fled before the police arrived and robbed.
“The Chief Minister should make a public announcement and show that he is not biased,” said the HNLC.
He said that Jaintia Hills is rich in wildlife, birds and animals and urged everyone to protect and preserve and not to kill wildlife for the benefit of the villages. turn it into a source of employment in the days to come.
Secondly, to budget and invest for the construction of proper garbage dumps and also to purchase modern garbage cleaning equipment.
They said that earlier they had fought with a cigarette case to get the salary, and they had received the salary but only at that time, but since then they have never received the salary. receive more such payment from the government.
Kyrmen Shylla MLA of the constituency, who is also the Minister of State in the NPP-led government, met with Dr Aman War, DHS (MI) to discuss the situation and preparations to fight COVID-19 in the district. it's Friday.
“We will put the bailutksan in front of the payment and it is not just that the bailutksan has been paid to be forgiven,” said Bah Jyrwa.
After the inspection and conclusion of the meeting, the Lamphang expressed his satisfaction with the progress of the construction of the new Ïingdorbar.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, today said that the State Government has decided to send an inquiry into the permits of 41 persons who remain in Shillong to attend a wedding ceremony held at Greenwood Resort, Guwahati.
The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) expresses its gratitude and congratulations to these youngsters who have won medals and brought glory to the association and the state as a whole.
According to sources, one of India's leading cricketers, Hardik Pandya; He has become the youngest cricketer in the world to reach 25 million followers on Instagram.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Meghalaya has joined the rest of the country in celebrating the launch of the “Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra,” an initiative to bring about change aimed at delivering government services to unreached areas. and the delivery of Government schemes.
We have to urge the Assam government to return these villages to Meghalaya,” said Bah Tynsong.
Deishim O Lamurong (26) from Rymbai Shynrang Sakhain was arrested by the residents of Rymbai Shynrang Sakhain when he set fire to the house. crawl because of the darkness.
Criticizing Bah Ardent's remarks on MUDA's involvement outside the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB), Bah Shylla said, “MUDA is like a small lion. but when he is strong, he will turn away from you.
Regarding Maianylla Nongsiej, it was said that she is a bright child, who knows the day and minutes in her studies.
All the tribal states of the North East from Nagaland, Manipur, Tripura and Meghalaya have now come under the control of the BJP government in Delhi.
Shillong, November 11: The BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the BJP will not announce in advance the person to take over the post of Chief Minister in the state, but will decide after the elections.
Earlier, Kerala police had summoned Mulakkal to investigate the allegation.
A few minutes into the second half, one of the players of SK Living FC, managed to score the first goal and the goal lasted until the end of the match, which gave SK Living FC the lead. the title of the championship.
“It is time to review or revise this policy because it is too old and does not fit anymore,” he said.
After the colors were painted, the Behdeiñkhlam was broken again as a sign of the end of the Behdeiñkhlam.
A joint team between the Railway Protection Force (RPF) and the Government Railway Police (GRP) has found a group of people passing through the railway station at Dharmanagar Railway Station in a suspicious manner. .
If Manipur doesn't have ILP, why doesn't Meghalaya have ILP?
It is to be recalled that Kynhun Leh Isynei Lem is a group which has donated a lot of assistance to the poor families especially to the families of poor women and children. has built a house for a woman who is bedridden and this group does not see any difference from others but in doing work for others by donating to others. piece.
Bull's life was recalled by his mother, Bah MS Lyngdoh, who also recalled the hardships that Bull endured during his time as a youth leader to fight for the country. the nation.
In the 2021 elections, Taranga Gogoi of the BJP won from Naharkata constituency, which has a large number of Christian voters.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: U MLA of Pynthor Umkhrah, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that it is useless to have a government if the government cannot provide for the needs of the people. “It's useless to be a leader if you can't meet the needs of the people,” said Bah Hek while launching the film Bakla at Hawkers Free Zone Market, Golflink today.
She recalled that she is one of the staunch workers of the Congress party who has been with the party since 1984 and has been an MP for four terms and has also held the post of Union Minister.
In addition, the Vice Chancellor said that two prominent companies SODEXO and ADECCO will attend the event.
She said that in the past few days, there are those who are hesitant and shepting to send themselves for testing after being suspected of having the disease, but the DC has explained. , that those who have been arrested for the screening test are not necessarily positive for COVID-19, but have to be tested again and besides the random test they have to complete the rapid test and RTPCR. test to ensure that they are not infected with COVID-1
He said that at this meeting it was decided that the five days of the dorbar will be the days for the government to complete its work while the other two days of the dorbar will be the days for the government to complete its work. Members of the House may raise any issues they deem necessary.
He said that this is an attempt to divide the share of the people of Nongstoiñ.
In the match which was held at the Marngar Stadium, it was also a very exciting match for the people, as the match was between the youth against the senior leaders of the Congress in Nongpoh.
Sayed Ashraf, Adviser Rotary Club Mahnagar-Sylhet in his speech praised the Rotary Club Jowai and its members who welcomed them to the visit.
And this will be a strengthening of the responsibility of the KHADC. The MDCs will be free from shaking their heads.
“As people who know man and know God, we need to ask God for strength to guide us to act for the good of all,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 1 : The MLA election in 2023 will be different as many new political parties have emerged in the state like the TMC, VPP and the National Election. The People's Party (NPP) which leads the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government will have to fight against all the political parties in the state. The NPP leaders have no fear, anxiety or fear as they have expressed that they are ready to fight and debate on any issue on the facts.
Acts 2:4
John Calvin, leader of the Reformation movement in Switzerland, said: “In the beginning creation was not beautifully designed or perfected.
“There is a concern because there are areas where the number of people is probably higher, and that is why there is a vigilance order," he said.
Priyanka Chopra made the announcement at a rally held in Tezpur today in the presence of senior Congress leaders. Hagrama Mohilary, BJP chief, who is currently working with the Congress.
Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding villages tomorrow, while heavy rainfall is expected in other parts of the state.
Mix all three ingredients and apply on face for about 10 minutes and rinse with water.
For example, when they ask to go out with friends, you should set a time for them to get home and not break this.
However, he said that for the first time the Sordar Peter Thongni did not come and once again the party invited him and his wife along with Bahadur. Bahadur didn't have anything to eat, but he had a lot of money.
Let us now look closely at this point.
Another example may be that the father and child receive treatment at two different hospitals through the father's Ayushman Card.
The training program was sponsored by the Department of Science and Technology (DST), New Delhi under the leadership of Prof. H. Kayang, Department of Botany, North Eastern Hill University, Shillong. About 40 male and female farmers of this village.
On the other hand, the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij – 12 Doloi has given its full support to the MDP which has demanded that the State Government should include one of the members in the District Councils in KHADC and JHADC. The Seiñ Raij-12 Doloi has requested the State Government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of the State. that he should listen to this.
notification), this month, the Government of Meghalaya through the office of the Deputy Commissioner has issued an order that all teachers from schools which have received assistance from the Govt.
Pyndap also expressed his gratitude to the MLA of the area, Nujorki Sungoh, who has donated to the Center in the past few days.
On the other hand, Samla Kapil Kurbah President of HITO Byrnihat Circle said that the HITO Byrnihat Circle is deeply saddened by the violence of this Marwari even after the complaints and complaints of the people. They also requested the district authorities not to take immediate action against the Marwari.
The MDC did not mention the name of the MLA, but his speech referred to the MLA of Mowkaiaw who said that he has shown to the world that he only speaks in the Assembly. However, Mowkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh's speech at the foundation stone laying ceremony for the construction of Govt LP School and Govt Upper Primary School Mowkaiaw on Thursday, said: He slammed those who try to mislead the people by not doing the development works he has brought to Mowkaiaw Constituency.
One copy of EPIC (Voter ID) or ration card from the village of residence. 2 passport photographs of all those living together in the same household.
One of the deceased was identified as Khrawbor Syiem-Shangoi, son of Telsong Marngar, resident of Nongkasen and Banteiskhem Kharngi, son of Lina Kharngi, of Nongkasen.
She also urged all Christians to pray and be united to resolve such issues.
Sometimes, when she was tired of leaving him in the field, she would put him to sleep on a cloth sleeping bed at Myndu kba (Trep) and visit him from time to time.
Let's take food from home and eat again in the field,” said the father.
However, these vacancies have not been given to the Khasi-Pnar percentage.
Through the study, those infected were advised to avoid having sex, even if they felt completely cured.
In addition, the area should be improved for the benefit of the people.
Badminton: In the badminton, the team of men and women from East Khasi Hills, has returned home with many victories, in the singles match of Netania Tariang defeated Shimtihum Lyngdoh of West Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills won the bronze medal. Netaniya and Caralinda Nongbri won the women's doubles category by defeating Shimtihum and Doreenzia Kharbani.
-This means that after darkness comes light and after folly comes wisdom.
The incident happened at 2 pm this morning, when the truck was heading from Jowai to Guwahati, but when they reached Sumer, the truck turned into a roadside bomb. which caused the driver and follower to die hashen.
Warjri said that according to his information, he has sought permission to build a road from Muduki through Balakhawa, Burnongshai, Hawla to Baklapara.
He said that the increase in the price of food items, beverages or other consumer goods is one of the most important issues faced by everyone.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Saturday distributed letters through the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin, Mawshynrut and Rambrai Circle to the dewbilat vendors in West Khasi Hills District. to stop taking and selling TOPCEM dewbilat manufactured and imported in East Jaintia Hills.
They fled the scene and informed the Assam Police in Boko that they had been shot by the residents of Malangkona village. catch people.
Shillong, June 29: The MPUF East Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of its President Kyrshan Blah on Tuesday 29th June 2024 has submitted a petition to the DHMO Office. and the doctor's speech to a woman who went for a check up.
With these 10 deaths, the total number of deaths in the state has risen to
Shillong, Nailur 5: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) on Thursday vowed to retaliate after the police launched a crackdown on insurgent groups in Garo Hills. bomb Meghalaya government offices and Congress office if the government does not stop the crackdown on insurgents in Garo Hills.
Isn't the JHADC responsible for the peace and order of the villages? The AO and EM said that there is a snowstorm to come and stir up the village works in Sohmynting, so as the residents we want to get clarity on those snowstorms that have come to the JHADC. can no longer be adjusted properly.
He said that the youth need to be brave enough to stand up and speak on the issues they feel they should speak and express their feelings because all the youth have their own feelings. and often don't have the opportunity to spread the message they feel and this competition will be the perfect platform for them to speak and convey.
Alfred Lyngdoh, Publicity of the HYC, Ri Bhoi Sepngi, said that the HYC will not hesitate, but will continue to fight against such cases against foreigners who have come to work without permits. pages are available.
Speaking to media, Hek said that the foundation stone of the Rangmaw Sub Center was laid on 5th November 2019 and it was opened within a year.
The Minister said that Shillong Airport, which serves about 10,000 passengers per month, has been able to connect direct flights from Shillong to the capitals of the country like Delhi, Kolkata, Aizawl and Agartala. , Imphal, Dimapur, Dibrugarh and Guwahati.
"This is the first step and if the Government doesn't do anything, even if we reach the point of standing up, we will have to stand up," he said.
After the meeting, the Regional Committee also decided to allow and welcome any Hima, Raid and Shnong Chiefs to come and give their opinion or bring back the correct documents, so that the Regional The Committee will be able to present the facts of ownership when it meets or discusses with the Regional Committee from Assam, before taking a decision to resolve the boundary in these two areas, because At present, there are 4 border areas in Ri Bhoi, but for now only these two will be discussed first, but the other two will be discussed later.
On 30th November, 2023, at a meeting of the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam, it was decided to dissolve the Judicial Inquiry into the Mukroh shooting incident in 2022, and will be handed over to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the father of the child said that when he went to school, he was wearing a short skirt which is the uniform of the school. He said that the parents of the child have tried to search for him in Tezpur but no information has been found in that village.
Many of the children, including those from Army Public Schools, have received calls and WhatsApp messages from Pakistani Intelligence Operatives (PIOs), instructing them to contact them. team in the media and to send detailed information, an Army source said on Tuesday.
Speaking on his job, Tsering said that there are two types of chefs, one who works only to earn money and the other who cooks with the health of the people first. person.
Two or three years later, various coal companies from across India started setting up factories in Jaintia Hills, which is more coal-rich, and the market of MCCL was affected.
This staircase is designed to sit and put the babies while the mothers are preparing themselves to work in the fields.
This food support for TB patients will be for 6 months.
A leader from the border villages has admitted that a bomb was dropped and exploded in parts of Mizoram state where it was fired by the Mizoram Army, while they were conducting aerial bombing at the camp of Mizoram. The Chin National Army (CNA), one of the strongest armed groups in Myanmar.
She said the investigation will be completed today and after the investigation the report will be submitted to the government.
The President of CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, alleged that these children who were brought from an orphanage in Laban known as 'Meherba Orphanage' were circumcised at NEIGRIHMS without the knowledge of their relatives. .
On this occasion, the APYC leaders demanded that the state government should release the 35 persons who have been arrested and also to drop all the cases filed against them. they.
The village leaders of the area, including Bah Spilling Marboh, Rangbah Shnong of Madan Umwang and Bah B. Mukhim, said that the villagers are very concerned about the blockade by the Assam Police. They have threatened that if they continue to build the building, the Assam Police will not be able to destroy it by force through the Kor Puh Shilum.
The Mawbynna is one of the cultures and traditions of the Hynniewtrep people since ancient times. Many of them have seen that the place where the stones have been placed has destroyed the culture of the people, because near the stones it has become a garbage dump.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the scheme will ensure that every citizen will be able to enroll in the insurance scheme of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. I don't want to benefit the people.
Meghalaya has been in Group B with Kerala, West Bengal and Jammu and Kashmir for the 2023-24 Dr BC Roy Trophy.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PHE, Prof Roytre C Laloo, today confirmed to the elders of Pynthorumkhrah constituency to provide water by October next year.
He said that all the preparations since the construction of the monument and also to hold the successful program on that day, were contributed by the members of the party. The party doesn't have any other idea to honor and honor this leader and it is the party that wants to honor this leader of Ri Bhoi who as the people of Ri Bhoi we are. “We have to follow in their footsteps for the sake of the welfare of the people in the district as a whole,” he added.
Earlier, the KHADC did not attend the meeting convened by the committee of the Chief Secretary Rowell Lyngdoh to comment on the Prohibition of Benami Transactions Act, 1980 and the Tenants Verification Draft Bill.
The benefits of this fruit are many. The olive fruit is said to be a fruit that provides many health benefits.
It was on this incident that the anger of the Syiem and the Hima, despite the complaint to the authorities, did not stop until the struggle against the French began in
“We on behalf of the union, we have come to support and encourage the employees of 108 EMRI, these demands are long standing we understand that the employees of EMRI, have provided the best service to the the whole state.
After applying, the application should be printed and submitted to the school where they are studying along with the verification documents.
Until now, no information has been received about their whereabouts, but the relatives of these two men have lodged a complaint at the Mawngap Police Station.
There will soon be a fierce struggle over land and employment in the state between the villagers and foreigners.
Nongpoh: A group of commercial taxi drivers from Umsning to Mawhati, under the umbrella of the Mawhati Area Local Taxi Drivers and Owners Association, today held a rally to clean up the bad parts of the road. Umsning to Mawhati and during the rally, these taxi drivers started the repairs from Nongjri, by filling the areas with soil.
More than 1,000 people attended the welcoming ceremony held at Lawsohtun in the presence of the President of the Party and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, General Secretary Bah Jemino. Mawthoh, Mawkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh, Working President Paul Lyngdoh, MDCs and party leaders.
Shillong: The Mawpun Youth Wing and the Umlyngka Samla Shnong Samla together with the robbers who abducted and released the man claimed to be members of the GNLA. TULBA Upper Shillong, in collaboration with the Mawpun River, has cleaned up the Mawpun River from Lumdiengmet to Mawpun Bridge.
The MDA Government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has decided to change the syllabus from the MBoSE to the NCERT. On Tuesday, a group of about 30 booksellers from all over the districts of the state, expressed their concern over the proposal of the Government. Government to convert MBoSE Syllabus to NCERT after the Cabinet of Ministers of the Government of Meghalaya in recent months decided to convert the MBoSE Syllabus to NCERT on the grounds that the MBoSE books they are no longer on par with education in other parts of India.
Thangkhiew said this while speaking at a short meeting at the cemetery to commemorate the 2nd death anniversary of Bah Cherish.
Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first.
The special nation is the Father Nation of ISRAEL whom GOD has protected from ancient times until now.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 21: The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District (DDMA) has issued a directive to the residents of South West Khasi Hills District to take precautions when fire breaks out. I shouldn't have done it.
During the inspection, the union found that the allegations of the students were true.
But you don't understand.
The government source said that besides peace and stability, Singh also held discussions with the Chief Ministers of the region on development projects, the emergence of armed groups, the border dispute and others.
Commenting on the KHADC's proposal to amend the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Act, 1997, the President of the SRT said, “The amendment of the Khasi Hills Autonomous Customs Act, , 1997 we found that there are issues and provisions that violate and violate human rights under the Constitution of India.
According to Gokhale, the accused has already been arrested.
I met Dr Roy in 1983-84, when he was in charge of the Synod College Students Union, where he was the President of the College Union at that time. and the appearance of the tree was whiter and there we met and sat together more and more and we talked and got to know each other well.
He said that after receiving a complaint from the students of the university, who are also from Meghalaya, he sent an RTI four months ago and it was acknowledged that the transformer has been lost. six years now.
It includes those who are more experienced in the field and is also better.
TMC candidates from Rajabala constituency, Dr Mizanur Kazi and former MDC Sofior Rahman were also present at the rally.
He said that places like Nongjrong, Laitlum, Nohron, Syntung and others have been praised by many but more needs to be improved.
Two people have died in Maharashtra today after being drowned in floods.
The report also mentioned the fourth city, Nongstoin but there was no proposal to build a crematorium in Nongstoin.
Miracles happen because God shares with us human beings who suffer greatly.
Therefore, the union has requested the MBOSE to expedite the delivery of the original marksheets to various schools, so that it will not be a burden for those students who have the marksheets. I don't want to go abroad to study, said Bandari Ryntathiang.
So they went and found Mary and Joseph and the baby Jesus lying in a manger.
However, even though we know and see the evil, the evil and the evil to look at, we don't consider it evil because we have grown up, we have grown up and we don't think about that evil or the danger to life or the environment.
Earlier, 5% reservation was given to Hajong, Koch, Rabha, Bodo and Scheduled Castes (for 5 tribes), but after the inclusion of Maan tribe as Scheduled Tribe, up to 6 tribes received reservation. The 5% reservation is completely incompatible and against the Constitution of the country,” they said.
Prestone said that the vaccination will be free of charge in all hospitals, not paid, as the central government has provided these medicines free of charge and private hospitals have come to The Covid-19 vaccine is voluntary, not sent by the government, so people don't have to pay anything.
Speaking to media after the announcement of the candidate, Bah Metbah said that the party as it is now is between unity and understanding and if there are cases of disagreement in the party There are some issues but it is only a small household affair of the party which will be discussed only within the party.
They also demanded that the Prime Minister should allow them to continue their work as this year their salary has increased as some of them have worked for more than 30 years as part-time employees but most of them have worked for more than 5 years and cannot move to other jobs.
At this meeting, I spoke about cyber crimes and the measures that can be taken to prevent such crimes. Their daily lives to be Cyber ​​Safe.
The rainfall started at 1 pm and ended at 5 pm.
Therefore, the residents of these five villages of Tarabari area after various meetings, have decided to join the state of Meghalaya and are waiting for the desire to be included in the State of Meghalaya.
Para ri, if an earthquake like 1897 hits our state (Duhai Blei or God Forbid is no longer there), what will happen? It is recalled that before the Hillstate was acquired, the Assam government had violated both the PWD and ASEB laws.
The children answered, 'Because Jesus died.
The new leaders of the RBYF Nongpoh Circle include Ricky Lapang as President, Samla Matthew Surong as General Secretary, Bah Franky Nongbri as Vice President and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday visited Ichamati village in Sohra Civil Sub-Division to hold a memorial service. The fourth anniversary of the death of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta who was shot dead by foreigners in Pynthaumdan (Ichamati) on the 28th June,
Doctors at the Bhagyoday Tirth Hospital in Sagar, India, have now removed the tumor.
To recreate the image of that Beast who was killed by the wound in the head with a sword and who was saved.
The public should also understand that it is not good to trust those YouTubers because they will be misled.
“All residents are prohibited from entering the village without any work as well as hunters, tourists and storytellers within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong,” said Bishar Shylla.
“We should not say that we will lose everything and we should not say that Assam will lose everything, but we will have to take a middle path to reconcile both sides,” he said.
“He said that his interrogation by the police is on the same charges as the Seng leaders.
He said that this is due to the positive case of Covid-19 of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday.
On 1st November, BP Katakey agreed to write to the Supreme Court of India to remove him as Chairman of the Committee.
This is something that is not right.
On the school, he said that the people remember the school before and if they compare now it is completely different.
Following his confession, WJH and EKH police rushed to the scene to seize the explosives.
They said that if the government cannot resolve this issue or pay the remaining salary, they will not hesitate to take another step or a strong protest against the government. this government.
Meanwhile, Sloan Pala, President, Foreign Trade Chamber of Commerce Meghalaya, said that the visit of the FBCCI from Bangladesh will be a golden opportunity for the traders in the state to talk to the traders in the state to speed up the implementation of the trade. This state is located in Bangladesh.
Assam Rifles Public School (East Khasi Hills) beat Dobasipara SS (West Garo Hills) 2-1
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA) on Tuesday concluded this year's Super League season with the RDBDS Club of Jyntru. Umeit Sports Club has won the General League.
More than 1,500 children from Manipur have been severely affected by the strike to enroll in many schools in Mizoram, the state education chief said.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The BJP in Meghalaya under the leadership of Ma Shibun Lyngdoh as President today formed its new EC and announced the full office bearers of the party. establish.
Speaking at the function, RSS Secretary Vibhag Karyawa, Shillong, Bah Mangkashang Khongshei said that the RSS is the largest NGO in the world and has a strong sense of order. work for the unity of the citizens and the spirit of patriotism.
Sohiong still needs many development works in many areas, whether it is in roads, health facilities, schools, economic development and other needs to improve income. books of the people.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 5 new cases and 94 active cases in the State.
Congress MP from Shillong and MPCC President Vincent H Pala on July 9, strongly criticized the Central and State Governments for not taking action to conduct the peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Front (NLLF). Council (HNLC) which formed the HNLC to withdraw from the talks.
The house belongs to Shebil Pohshna and Pangsngiatshisha Khriam.
Shillong: A meeting of MDCs led by CEM Latiplang Kharkongor and political parties has decided to submit a petition to the Parliamentary Standing Committee (PSC) headed by Congress MP Anand Sharma. today in Shillong.
In the morning, when the sister called, no one answered the phone. When the owner of the truck, SPS Transport, number NL-01AA 6213, he checked his trucks through GPS. see that this truck has gone into the road that it should not go.
He said that no one can force or even buy a vote, just because of money and if that happens it will cause a lot of trouble in the future and it will become a terrible evil for all those who are still alive. here on earth for tomorrow.
So the question is, how old is this practice? This is the date of the shai.
“NeIPS has a special team on this and the support is three months with special training on how to design and implement it,” said Bah Michael.
“The selection of TSA office bearers will be done by the MFA at a time to be announced,” said the CEO in a statement. Association, do not send it to the Meghalaya Football Association.
If we don't close the shops until 10 pm, such incidents will not happen again,” said Kong Kurbah.
Prestone said the state government has directed the health department to conduct random testing of all the residents of Byrnihat to Khanapara in Ribhoi District.
Out of the six goals for Manipur, only L Babina scored three in the 11th, 29th and 72nd minutes.
The mother of Wanboklang Kurbah, Kong Eusebia Kurbah, left her house at 7:00 pm on the 4th of March. to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to submit a letter of request for permission to release the post mortem.
Indian track cyclist Ronaldo Singh Laitonjam has won the Asian Track Cycling Championship in Niali. record in the country in the Men's Sprint Qualification (200m Flying Time Trial), after completing the race in a time of 9.877 seconds.
On the 13th of October, a team of police led by the SI of Ampati police station arrested two women who were sisters while they were sitting in a park in Ampati along with some boys.
Criticizing the TMC for trying to make an issue of the fight against Covid-19, Dr War said, “They (TMC) are against making an issue of this issue, they have tried to defame me as the Director and They tried to inform other leaders who are contesting the election like Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, who was one of the few who came to offer assistance to the DHS at that time when the whole State was in turmoil. .
Speaking on the occasion, the DC promised to take action and said that there is a need for cooperation as this issue is very important especially to protect the environment.
The first goal was scored by Nengnong with a header from Ban Sanbha Khongsdam.
This is after receiving a complaint from the residents of the area regarding the dismissal of a Lab-Technician from Laskein.
The census of the Hynniewskum Hynniewtrep goes hand in hand with the knowledge of human beings as it has been signed and sealed so that it can be fulfilled in human dignity, not to reach the byrsih, not to reach. in the blood of the mother and to grow in peace and harmony throughout the generations of mankind throughout the world.
At the same time, he appealed to the residents that when implementing this scheme, they should be people who have the spirit to take care of the environment especially the water wells. but they should be managed so that it will be of benefit and to provide clean water to the villages as allocated.
I don't know what these people mean, they don't want to train with weapons, think carefully if you are still free to go hunting, let them teach you how to shoot sier-siat skei but when those roads are closed If they don't train to shoot people, what else do they mean? If they injure without fail, the sohpdung is against non-Hindus. If they say to protect the country, why don't they send military training? they.
The party also wrote that if Mukul Sangma is of the blood of the Garo people without doubt, he would have had a responsibility for the people in supporting and immediately approving the demand of the Garo people. ILP in Meghalaya without any misleading of the paid 7trep and Garo, by putting behind the Labor and Trade Organizations which are the pressure groups behind the Congress and At the same time, we should not think only of the strong vote-bank of the Congress which it collects in Meghalaya from other states every year.
He urged all the residents to be vigilant and self-conscious and also to obey the village authorities and follow the directions of the health department which is the way to fight and eradicate the disease. the disease in the State.
The devil and the demons testified clearly that Jesus was the Son of God and they were afraid of the name of Jesus. And she, who had a sorcery, followed him, and cried with a loud voice, saying,
The clashes in the country came after NATO troops left the country.
Besides, it was said that after they seized the cows, the crowd started to leave and it led to a heavy fighting and fighting.
Later, he also led the swearing-in ceremony of the Hamara Viksit Sankalp Bharat Yatra at the meeting.
Therefore, not only school children but also government employees are part of this traffic jam.
However, Kumar immediately refused to accept the post and suggested not to elect anyone from the Congress party to take over the responsibility.
The BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah constituency, who is also a Minister in the MDA-2 government, Bah AL Hek, said that there have been talks with the MLAs of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC). The BJP has not yet reached the end.
Bah PR Kyndiah removed five IND MLAs (private) in 1988 to support the Government of Bah BB Lyngdoh.
In the second match, Christ Church (morning) continued their journey to the final after beating Christ Church (day) 2-1
One unit means half a pint of beer and about 175 ml of wine, which is equal to 2 units.
Lahkmen, who is also the Minister in charge of Education, has sought a report from the district authorities on the incident but has not yet received the report.
The hearing in the House today on the relationship between the Prime Minister and the drug dealer has raised a big question mark and according to the law, the Prime Minister should also be investigated for the benefit of the people. KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah said in a statement.
Before the end of those days there will be many people who will cleanse themselves from sin and be cleansed.
If you don't dare or don't, it shows that you are a journalist who just stirred up and deceived the people who don't know the truth.
The reason for this is that I have been suffering from a pain in my body since
These two houses, which were destroyed by the storm, have been completely destroyed and this has caused a huge loss to the owners of these houses, as the storm has destroyed the houses. devastated.
Odisha FC played hard until the end of the game but NEUFC didn't give up until they won.
The second semi final of the Open To All Knockout Football Tournament 2022 was held today between PHE and Seinpynbhalang Sahsniang. long inside the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
One of the most important parts of the festival will be the screening of a short film entitled “The Thymmei, the Tynre, the Tyllong”.
He also asked how many meetings the Society has held since its establishment and what are the courses approved by the Society to conduct at IIPH and what is the fee for these courses.
He said that sports teaches us to grow up in a healthy manner, to develop the brain and especially it teaches us to have a strong spirit, to have manners and dignity. schools that they should avoid alcohol and drugs such as drugs, alcohol, child marriage and others if they want to reach their goals in life.
Also on Tuesday, it was said that the United States, South Korea and Japan have joined forces to train their troops for future wars. and at unknown times.
However, the accusation is only against the HSPDP, because the two MLAs of the party were the first to support the NPP to form a government”.
Speaking to media, Bah Kampherki Thangkhiew Secretary of the Meghalaya Professional Boxing Council (MPBC) said that the association has prepared well for both of them to win.
I think the Commissioners should remember this and so should the PIOs and FAAs.
On the part of the Principal of the Institute, Bah SP Basaiawmoit, he said that this is the first time that the Institute has been able to conduct such an important programme. the hidden talents of the students in the field of Automobile, Architecture and Costume Design and Garment Technology Department.
The union said that the sale of ration above the stipulated price continues in South West Khasi Hills as the ration distributors have given the reason that they have not received the ration from the government. .
Jumai, the sixth child, died this afternoon in Mizoram.
When they reached there, they were fortunate enough to receive the gift that Kongthei wanted.
At the same time, he criticized Bah John F Kharshiing who expressed his opposition to the bill, saying that the Hima and Village Rulers do not fall under the Grand Council but under the District Council.
school,While he was studying in class v at M.E.school, he also took a teaching position at Nonglait L.p.
The Dorbar Shnong in collaboration with the VDP has conducted a village patrol to prevent the entry of foreigners into the boundary of Mookyrdup.
He said the meeting also discussed the need to strengthen the Narcotic Cell which currently has only three police officers.
They cut it when it is in full bloom.
Italy, 6
He said that in talks with the SP, it was learned that the four foreign drivers who were accused of involvement in this murder are from outside Meghalaya and that is the reason for the delay. However, Bah Donbok, said that the Ri Bhoi Police are conducting a search operation for the suspects. in collaboration with the Assam Police.
Deibormame Tongper scored the only goal for Lajong in the 25th minute, but Lajong also got a penalty kick in the 7th minute. by Gladdy Kharbuli.
He said that the Khnap Thang-bru of the Raij will be completed in 5-6 months and announced to provide another T.5 lakh for the improvement of the Khnap.
Fortunately, there were no adults nearby at the time of the fire.
The Hima needs to have such a vehicle because it has a Smit market which produces a lot of garbage especially as it is a market place.
We Khasi men are exactly like mawsawa.
Nitrogen is the most abundant gas on earth, making up about four or five parts of the atmosphere.
“He said that after the Court has ordered this, the government has considered and discussed before sending the reply to the High Court.
Those who cook at home, have restaurants, do home delivery can post information on Aifindz about the types of food they cook or sell along with their phone numbers so that people can buy.
We have expressed our view that whenever an advertisement appears in the newspapers or through the department, the government should ensure that no ethnic group will be discriminated against.
A film was also shown on the projects of the Government of India such as Village Electrification and Household Connections and upcoming schemes.
“We have received a lot of information that many of the offices/schools and other institutions in Meghalaya have not followed the letter mentioned in the Office Memorandum, and therefore the youth of the state have not “I have not been allowed to enter these central government offices,” said Bah Synrem, adding that the Minister has confirmed to take up the matter with the relevant authorities.
This lack of income generating agriculture has encouraged the people to take up agricultural jobs that are suitable for them.
He said that if it is released, it will be very dangerous, but if it is closed, it will have an impact on income.
Where did the 1290 days come from? You have to come for 30 days.
That night Rida didn't sleep anymore.
One of the deceased was from West Garo Hills District.
Therefore, the MLA of Jirang urged those poor families who have not yet received assistance to join him, because as a leader he has that responsibility for the people in the constituency. whole.
God saved these broken bones once again and they received back their homeland.
He wondered why it was so different.
Alphabet, the parent company of Goofle, has announced that the drones will deliver goods to parts of Australia from next year.
When asked whether Bantei is a member of the BJP, Hamlet said, “Yes, we don't know, we don't have any information from the Sohra Mandal, we don't know him within the BJP,” said Hamlet.
“The VPP has conducted a public awareness program to explain to the residents of Khasi-Jaintia regarding the job allocation and roster system.
Kenneth Shadap said that the Chief Minister had promised to call for talks with these Adhoc teachers in November but he did not call for talks. This year, the teachers were not invited at all and this is the reason why these teachers were angry and forced them to stand in front of the Secretariat gate to show their protest.
In the first match which started at 3:30 pm, Iatyllilang SC beat Lamlynti SC 7-3 goals.
One SSA school - Rud Myntdu LPS SSA has been destroyed after it was covered by the ground on Tuesday due to the cyclone Amphan which caused heavy rainfall across West Jaintia Hills District. .
Shangpliang said he decided to join the NPP after seeing how the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma has brought about many changes and development projects in Meghalaya over the years. last year.
“Respect your parents, teachers and dedicate yourself to the preservation of the environment besides dedicating yourself to your studies,” said Prof. RC Laloo. as the chief guest today at the World Environment Day celebrations.
