“Our visit is not to talk here, our visit here is to talk to the Indian government and the state government to resolve these issues,” he said.
During the procession, the teachers requested the parents, children and those who are concerned about education, to join hands to march to the Secretariat.
Furthermore, it tried to spread the news that Conrad Sangma has not allowed the Prime Minister to campaign at the PA Sangma Stadium in Tura because although it has been opened by the Chief Minister, the work has not been completed and so on.
How long shall I endure all these things?
The eligible students who have passed 60% or above in SSLC and HSSLC, Graduate and Post Graduate with 60% or above, Professional and Technical Course with 55% or above and those who have excelled in sports and games can also apply. name.
The program was enriched by the participation of all the schools in the village who also presented various programs on the environment.
The driver of the truck was unable to walk on his own, as his legs, arms and body were covered with blood and he was led by the people who came to accompany him to Civil Hospital. Hospital.
tip the world au Kum Kane now no longer has anything to do with it.
The screening camp falls under the Rashtriya Bal Swasthya Karyakram (RBSK), which is one of the programs under the NHM of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government.
We will go ourselves to close these gates if the authorities do not do anything,” said Bah Dkhar.
The HNLC has urged that all leaders and activists will not come forward until the demands of the party are met.
In this conflict and violence thousands and tens of thousands of Palestinian Arabs lost their homes, property, land and became foreigners in their own country and by their tens of thousands were also scattered around the world.
Ioanis Lyngdoh, 62, of Jaiaw Langsning, EK Hills, was admitted to the Civil Hospital Shillong on 09-05-2021. He died on 22-05-2 He was admitted to Shillong Civil Hospital on 21-05-2
The government's order is divided into two parts, one for the entire state, while the other for Shillong and Mylliem Block, known as danger areas or hot spots.
Speaking on the performance of the incumbent MLA of Pynthorumkhrah, Bah AL Hek, Bah Mayborn said that if he has worked well in the last 25 years, he does not need to come forward to contest.
The cricket tournament was held at Madan Motmeron, Jakrem village.
In the war between Israel and Hamas, the world was shocked on Saturday morning to see Hamas militants attack the residences of Israeli citizens.
Furthermore, Bah Adelbert said that as a leader it is his duty to ensure that the youth who have completed their education should not be discriminated against just because of the Roster System.
There is no election for the NPP in Umsning constituency.
He urged the school children and youth not to drink alcoholic beverages to avoid the punishment in life.
In the final match between Royal Challengers Mawsynram and Nongpoh Town Club, Nongpoh Town Club won the toss and elected to bat first and set a target of 113 runs. They lost all 10 wickets in 16.5 overs.
The district has 206 villages and due to the shortage of EAC officers, the current officer has to move from one office to another to fulfill his duties, which has affected the people from all over the villages. in this district.
The incident occurred during heavy rainfall and storm in the city at 10.30 pm.
If the dam collapses, the floods will cover all the villages.
In this regard, the SDPO, Sadar and his team have been tasked to investigate and search for the suspect.
Alan said the union congratulates the Meghalaya High Court for accepting the PIL and issuing an order directing the Jowai Municipal Board and the JHADC to immediately remove the PIL. The garbage has been left in many places in the city of Jowai and to be disposed of in the places where it should be disposed of according to the rules of law.
From the beginning to the end of the strike, there was nothing to disturb the peace and order in the State.
In the men's category, the final match was between SYM against Nongpoh Proper and SYM won by 80 to 56 baskets against Nongpoh Proper. the Proper City.
The book of Ecclesiastes is filled with questions, discouragement, and doubts.
He said that the Myntdu River has damaged a large area, including the hali in Ïalong.
All these villages are still under the Saipung Block and the 5th Sutnga-Saipung Constituency.
Motorcycles contain isoflavones that can affect the functioning of the body similar to estrogen hormones (phytoestrogens) and these isoflavones are also harmful to the functioning of the thyroid gland. less and less likely to change.
The incident came to light when three smugglers, including Wahidur Rahman, Wahajuddin Rahman and Ajmer Hussain, lodged a complaint with the police in Dispur on 5th June. They were allegedly robbed of their gold by Nipu Kalita and two of his followers and after the incident, the police chief and his followers fled the scene.
It was also alleged that the MLA of the area has damaged the road to enter Wah Myntang just because the JSM has alleged that the MLA has damaged the road to enter the river and demanded the repair of this road from the MLA. The JSM has given one day to the MLA to remove the gate otherwise the JSM will remove it and build the road.
The same news has spread to other parts of the state and this has caused concern among the people.
Riticia Nongbet took the wicket of West Bengal captain Mita Paul for eight runs.
She also promised to increase the salaries and support from the government to the ASHA workers, to improve the working methods of the Anganwadi Centers in the State and to improve the quality of life of the Anganwadi workers. , to seek support from the Government to build more roads in the State and promote connectivity between Meghalaya and other neighboring States as well as to promote digital technology in the State as a whole.
Kapil also shouted “Jai Shri Ram” in front of the police and said that only Hindus should fight in their own country, not against other ethnic groups.
The Khynriam have their own gods, the Bhoi have their own gods, the Pnar have their own gods, for example, the Taro Pnar and the Thlen Khasi.
The State Government and various organizations often hold tree planting as a sign of celebrating the Environment Day every year on the 5th July around the world.
One of the farmers from Mawsynram said, “Last year we were able to sell kynya at the price of T.120-130 and it helped a little to the farmers in the state but this year the The price of synsar we used to sell from the villages at T.70 for the first time but now these days the price has dropped to T.40 to T.30 and this makes us sad because we don't benefit anymore ban still rep.
“After gathering information about the mawiambei, I published a song about this stone in the title of a book he published 'Saimuka ka Duitara',” said Babu Chosterfield who started singing since that he was 12 years old.
The Minister was accompanied by Sanjay Goyal, Commissioner & Secretary, State Electricity Department and Subhasankar Debsarma Biswas, Director (Generation) West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (WBSEDEL). Minister on the implementation of the project.
The award was given to Bah Neil Nongkynrih for his outstanding contribution to the development of music not only in India but also abroad.
In July 2017, a Committee for the Draft National Education Policy was appointed under the leadership of Padma Vibhushan Award winner Dr.K Kasturirangan. , 2019 to the Minister of Human Resource Development on 31st June,
Special troops of the Indian Navy (MARCOS) after searching the ship by INS Chennai, landed at the MV Lila Norfolk and confirmed that the robbers were no longer on the ship.
This is through the presence of those who have the disease or those who have contact with those who have the disease in the area.
“Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law: for sin is the transgression of the law” 1 John 3:4
“On the part of the women who are members of the TEA, they said, “We have seen what happened yesterday, it is sad for us as the villagers, the owners of the land that foreigners They came to warn us with words that we didn't like, saying 'Maro Sub Ko'
The HITO leader said that at the meeting of the Sikhs, there were many people who had gathered at the meeting and the behavior of the Sikhs was like violating the rules. not mandated by the Ministry of Health.
He said the public awareness campaign would be part of strengthening the party in the state and setting up branches in every village.
This has surprised the patients that why can't the government hospital test the blood? After the blood test, the doctor specialist wrote on the discharge slip 'Referred to Robert/Super Care Hospital for needful', even after 10 days of admission to the Civil Hospital.
Another case of Covid-19 has been confirmed in Assam, in Karimganj district, bringing the total number of cases to
In a statement, the union said that it feels that it should suggest to the Veterinary Department to set up a place, like Byrni Hat, to check the animals that come from outside the state. that no diseases from these animals or plants shall affect the indigenous people who eat these meats every day.
The houses were owned by HP Singh, Ranji Rai and Surender Rai, but the house was owned by Sasha Rumnong.
Speaking after the swearing-in ceremony, Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang explained the working methods of the party and said that when there is and the FKJGP, should remember that leadership should not be taken for granted, because it is the most sacred part of the nation.
“Many times we have to ask them to approve the names of the farmers because the money comes from the central government.
The 658 employees who were honored by the MLA include taxi drivers, road workers, cleaners, Anganwadi workers, ASHAs, shana distributors and others.
The members of the Committee said that the Wangala Shad is associated with the harvest season, which was inherited from their ancestors and Achik fathers.
In this regard, the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills together with the members of the Mawshynrut Circle, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Mawshynrut Circle, Bah PD Sangma. He said that he will take action to talk to the DC Kamrup to release these seven persons.
On the T.16 crore, CEM Ma Thombor said that the SAG scheme has not been mismanaged and they cannot pay salaries under the SAG scheme because they don't want to set the rules.
Batskhemlang Thongnirit of Nativity Higher Secondary School won the men's category while Ibanrisha Kharwanniang of Jakrem Presbyterian Higher Secondary School won the women's category.
In the 2nd Division, Kyrphei Sports Club beat Nongwah Sports Club 1-0 with a goal from Humble Rynjah in the 50m minute.
The tournament started in November last year at Lyngkien Shyiap.
SP Sharma said that the state government does not need to believe the advice of the former Governor of the state who advised the state government to order the abolition of the school. University.
The Seng Khasi Tyrsad, through the Ehrngiew Committee, has handed over a house to a family of Kong Melinda Nongbet from Umlangmar.
This is the backwardness of the nation.
“All the seized items have been seized by the police and magistrates,” said Bah Syiem and added that the police have registered a case against them and the investigation will continue to arrest them and find them. to those who lead this work.
In this regard, the Swiss Olympic Federation has terminated its membership of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to suspend the IBA from the right to host any of the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris, including the selection of teams to send to the upcoming Olympics in Paris.
The NPP leaders' claim that they hold the keys to the Secretariat has prompted the people of Sohiong to shut down the party in this election.
Shillong: U Congress MLA from Mawsynram, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, today spoke on the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam. He urged the government to take action to discuss this issue.
On the other hand, Mawlai MDC Teibor Pathaw said that the MDCs should be sworn in in Khasi by the Protem Chairman and not by the MDCs. officers because the MDCs are elected by the people, and should do the same as in the State Legislative Assembly.
The protest was organized by the Garo Students Union Karukol to demand the government to rebuild the roads and bridges which have been damaged by the heavy rains and floods which have claimed the lives of many people. the inhabitants of the city.
“The Meghalaya Games gives us the opportunity to come together and bring glory to the state,” she said.
Earlier, Mylliem MDC, Bah RV Lyngdohu said that the Council has no intention of seeking from the Government of India such as the Tribal Affairs Department for the improvement of education. children who do not attend school part-time are very common.
It shall go round about the earth beyond the borders of Israel.
Speaking to media, the President of MJACCV, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa said that all commercial vehicles from Tuesday 3rd June 2021 will stop working indefinitely until the government decides. will do something about this.
The Government should take care of the poorest of the poor who cannot be obtained from the statistics and census.
He said the party expects the EC under the leadership of Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem as CEM to take a decision as soon as possible to release the people who own land on the border to register their land. Meghalaya and Assam so that the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam can be done smoothly and quickly.
Now that the new MLAs have been appointed, it is necessary to start anew in the service of the people.
Leaders of the MPUF from East Jaintia Hills District, said that the district authorities have also promised to take action regarding the opening of many Tear Counters, which do not have proper permits. and this is necessary for the smooth running of the team shops in the district.
The Iewduh in Shillong, the largest market in Meghalaya, has not been open for more than two months.
Various entertainment programs and a competition were also held by farmers from all over the villages.
However, even if he is defeated, it cannot be said that the road from Mawphanlur to Mawthadraishan is the land that Bah Brolding has worked hard for the benefit of the people of the area.
“From the explosion of the water pipe, which happened 15 years ago, comes this truth about the pool of Siloam, and then the path and that leads directly to the temple.
As the Symbud Nongialam of the party, Bah Thangkhiew said that if the government releases these 18 members tomorrow Tuesday with the conditions, the party will do as it has demanded. , will not be able to accept and will take other strong measures.
In addition, Kwatra also briefed the Government on the situation in Sudan, as well as on the ceasefire between the two armed groups so that other countries can move in and protect the country. their people.
Mr. Twolding Jyrwa, Tynnai Bee Keeping Industrial Co-operative Society Ltd.
Regarding the training of the Shillong Medical College, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has conducted a survey on the availability of Specialist Doctors and other staff of the Shillong Civil Hospital and Ganesh Das. Shillong Medical College.
It is because of the party that the people don't want, it is not because they reject a person, a person who is too rich.
Looking at the picture on the right, you can see the clay, which was poured with water, where it was during the baptism, by Fr Alexsius, that the water flowed from the shyllang of this child and that the flow appears, in the shape of a cross and a rosary.
The curfew was called against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 which aims to allow minorities, Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and others to migrate. Christians, who fled Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan and settled in India before 31 November
Thus we see that the parody is not for David Scott, but for all the soldiers of the Nongkhlaw Hima, who considered the Khasi to be weaker than the cows both physically and mentally.
For the months of May and June, the village has also received 5 kg of rice per head and 1 kg of dai per household per month for the lockdown. India is not led by Narendra Modi.
New Delhi: NASA, the US space agency, has detected a strong earthquake on Tuesday, January Saturday, January 11, 2024.
The training camp for boys and girls aged 4 to 18 years was inaugurated on 20th June 2023 by Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh MLA Umsning at Umbang Sumer Centre.
In her requests for safety measures, Joseph explained that people came on the 8th and 9th of this month to express their desire to celebrate Saraswati Puja in schools.
A booklet published by KVK East Khasi Hills entitled “Ka Rukom Rep ia u Tit Oister” was also launched at the fair. The farmers were able to bring their products and prizes were awarded to the winners in various categories.
It was also decided to respond to the letter of clarification from the State Government on the IOA & AA.
The award ceremony was held at the Shangpung Auditorium Hall, Shangpung Pohshnong.
KNGCSU President Evermore Rymbai, KNGCSU President Aitimary Mawlong and others at the meeting chaired by Achilles Rupert Pariat.
On the other hand, Mr. Dwaraknath Reddy, Managing Director in his speech, said that through the journey of INL over the past decades, he is delighted that the company has achieved you shall celebrate the 50th anniversary of your birthday.
The road is the most important, without the road others cannot reach, and if the road is reached other development projects will follow.
Speaking to media, Bah Rapsang promised to make West Shillong a smart city and added that T.5 crore has already been allocated for this constituency under the smart city. project”.
They said that the Raid leaders have had to lodge three complaints with the KHADC and the office for violating the customs and traditions of the former Sordar. The Syiem of Hima Khyriem, in order to demand the resignation of the Sordar and the appointment of another Acting.
So far, the PDF has 21 MDCs out of 23 and if it loses 5 MDCs, the Congress will have only 16 MDCs. MDCs who support them and if these 5 members also leave the PDF, the majority of the PDF will remain only 11 members.
He said that the youth should be ready to fight with the government if it does not listen to the demand of the Sengbhalang to repeal the Ordinance and that the government should stop losing jobs. of the district council in this state.
The team will visit again because according to the MLA, there are still two areas, Weisohpieng and Tinsura, which are expected to get the gas.
Luis Diaz scored two goals in the 75th and 79th minutes, while Gabriel Martinelli opened the scoring for Brazil in the fourth minute.
When you were MDC, you (Bah Process) didn't say anything about this.
Russia has thwarted a UN Security Council resolution to halt its invasion of Ukraine.
The Pastor said that on 14th June, 2015, the Assembly had received a complaint from six doctors of Robert Hospital regarding the salary increase of MS and AO themselves and also the dismissal of one doctor. to request maternity leave and to inform the Assembly that they do not approve of the actions of the MS of the hospital.
Traffic will be closed on the Dhankheti-Don Bosco Square road from 8.45 pm until the end of the services.
Nongstoiñ, July 20: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Nongstoiñ, together with the District Sports Promotion Society, will hold the 10 kilometer Meghalaya Day Run at West Khasi Hills on the 21st of this month.
Shillong, Lber 17: Former MLA Process T Sawkmie today requested the Chief Minister, Conrad Konkal Sangma to help the scooty drivers in Shillong to get proper permits. .
She also cleaned the tham and those small fish that came from the river.
They said that the foreign shops which have received license without NOC are within the boundary of Newhill and Iawmusiang. They said that these shops go to renew their license every year without NOC from Newhill or Iawmusiang. .
In this 74th anniversary of independence and as the State turns 50 years old, one question we must ask is whether the Khadar rule that we have enjoyed in these 74 and 50 years Has India really been able to fulfill the dream of its ancestors and give its citizens a meaningful life? India is not just one national group, but is made up of different States and nations different agreements to be united under one Constitution.
Regarding the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language under Article 5 of the Constitution, the party has found that out of the 38 parties who have demanded the recognition of the Khasi language, Their language, the Khasi language, is the most important.
Meanwhile, the Commerce Department of the State Government has introduced the Meghalaya Start up Policy 2018 and the Cabinet has decided to help talented youth to start their own businesses. in the State.
He said that the reason why NESO has held this protest again is in the course of democracy, because Delhi has not responded to the demands of the indigenous people. express your requests from time to time.
After the meeting, Pyrkhat Pyrphet, one of the members of the Committee, said that they have decided to wait for the Official Letter from the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC). to ensure that the Tax Gate at Khanduli has been removed.
Nongpoh: The Saindur Samla Ri-Bhoi Hoi Hah (SSRBHH), one of the youth groups in Ri Bhoi, has expressed its strong opposition to the existence of a large writing which has become a kind of (advertisement) of the North East Small Finance Bank at the Civil Hospital in Nongpoh.
In the women's senior category, Meghalaya lost to Karnataka.
“Those who cannot shout Bharat Mata Ki Jai, your votes have no value.
The start of the felling of trees at Hynniewmer, Upper Shillong, opposite the Eastern Air Command, will begin in November
The Congress is still leading in 17 constituencies, the NPP in 10 constituencies and the BJP in three constituencies.
If you talk about Ribhoi District, South West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills, the Garo are the entire population which has reached thousands,” said the HYC leader. The Office Memorandum said that if no one applies, we (Khasi) will get 80% but there are no Khasi living in Garo Hills and if this happens in Garo Hills they will get 80% while in Khasi Hills we will have to share. of 40%.
The union strongly condemns the DFO Territorial Shillong, who has no responsibility even after the illegal destruction of Rnga to four mills. Rolan Lyngdoh, President CORP (Nongpoh Circle), said that the truck carrying Rnga was destroyed near the check gate.
Shillong, November 10: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) today commemorated the 10th November as the Human Rights Day.
He also criticized the MDA government led by the NPP and UDP for the teachers' strike by sleeping on the streets although he knew that the education department was looked after by the UDP MLA Ma Lahkmen Rymbui.
According to the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are three things that we should do and they are not difficult to do to prevent the spread of COVID-1
These Khasi customs and traditions have connected us with God, fellow human beings and nature,” said Adelbert Nongrum, Working President of KHNAM. The Movement (JSM)-Central Body has come forward to demand that the law enforcement authorities should not grant bail to the perpetrators.
On July 30, Ri-Bhoi Police received a tip that three persons named Ronand, Daniel and Naba Singh had met at a farm house. Lumkeni, Umran, Ri-Bhoi District to sell large quantities of heroin.
The Dorbar Shnong strongly condemns this act of violence against the rights of the Shnong and the Constitution of the Shnong as empowered by the JHADC through the 06th Schedule. to the Rangbah Shnong to look after the village.
We have also witnessed that the MLAs have saved this money for five years and used it only in the 10 years before the elections, which shows that they are using this scheme only for political gain,” he said. Shillong, Jymmang 01: The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie on Monday denied that there are talks with the TMC MLAs to join the BJP. Speaking to reporters, Ernest said that the National Executive Member of the BJP, who is also a Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, has said that there are talks with the BJP MLAs to join the BJP. He said that perhaps it will be a personal discussion of Bah Hek and not of the party.
Police said that in the video, Ms Lafoe was seen throwing and kicking the child by holding her legs and this could have seriously injured her body. especially if no one can stop the illegal act on that day.
The match on Monday will be between Wahiajer SC and Mukhla Everygreen SC at 2 pm.
However, he said the policy of the Congress party is to improve the income of the poor and the rich should help pay taxes to help the poor and also to create jobs. to everyone.
Defense Minister James K Sangma said there are seven groups which the government has identified in the team fighting.
In connection with this incident, police said that one of the suspects has been arrested.
To love or develop the nation depends on us individually how we develop the society, to work voluntarily for the people, for the poor, the suffering and the children and to develop the needy.
“Even regarding the payment of fees by the companies, we have had to fight with a lawsuit and hold strikes which have forced the companies to pay billions of rupees to the local traders,” said Ma Balen. The work we are doing is for the benefit of the Khasi Jaintia transporters and this work is easy and he invites others to come and work for the benefit, in order to reduce the influx of foreigners to trade in this work. region.
However, the Party has nothing to oppose the views of the accusers.
On the 1st of this month, the KSU leaders met with the DC, East Khasi Hills and demanded that the DC, East Khasi Hills should immediately remove these poi ei who live in the 9 acre Maxwelton Estate. within the boundaries of the Dorbar Council.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: After a while, the UDP party has announced its name in the second list of candidates, which will be held on the 17th of this month. Enbin Kharraswai has decided to join the KHNAM Party as an independent candidate for the 2018 MLA elections. Speaking to reporters, Enbin said that the foundation on which he stood from the beginning in politics should be in the ethnic parties.
There is a Smit Market but it will be crowded,” he said.
According to the book of Judges, the families form the villages and the families of different villages come together to form the kurs and dorbars of the kurs.
This was announced by the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh after a meeting with the Police Chiefs. with imprisonment for not less than 3 months which may extend to one year.
The order will come into force from now until the end of the MLA elections in Mawphlang and Mawryngkneng on 30th March
The main issue discussed was the issue of reuse of fertilizers in some of the farmland in the State which is no longer without the use of fertilizers. until the authorities of the Government of India.
“We also expect that in the next 10 years we will be able to create about 2000 new jobs,” he added.
At present, this policy has benefited the Garo people.
Mobile internet data will also continue to be restricted.
However, since Panah was still at home, she listened and did her job.
I am not saying that only those who support me or those who belong to my family will get first,” he said.
Superintendent of Police (SP) Jagpal Singh Dhanoa said that on the 11th of this month at about 6 pm, a Bolero Pick-Up (ML) collided with another vehicle. - 12-3243 driver of Damanbha Ripnar was arrested on the Umsning-Mawhati road.
To avoid any incident to vehicles and passengers, he directed the Project Director of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), Meghalaya to immediately repair the bridge. very important.
On November 2, the winners will receive a cash prize of T.15,000 and the runners-up T.10,0
He also congratulated the Pynursla constituency for electing the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
These emotions are inherited and rooted in our nature.
Therefore, Bah Kenes reminded that education is essential because if they go to participate at the State Level or in other states, they will face difficulties in the language.
" The leader revealed.
HANM President Samkupar Tron and Secretary Kyntiewborlang Tron in the presence of Nisha Syiemlieh visited the home of HANM with their best wishes.
Although an animal does not have a mind, it has an instinct and knows which plants are worth eating and which ones to leave behind.
“The Seng will not give us anything,” said Babu P Shangpliang, General Secretary AMSSASTA.
They all clapped their hands.
Every nation that lives on this earth lives and grows because its language survives, spreads and passes down from one generation to another. know and appreciate their own language, those who use it properly, not only survives but becomes a great country.
In the order, the Division Bench said that in the previous order, it said that the governments of Meghalaya and Assam have already submitted their affidavits.
There is also another source of assistance and that is that if the forest owners register with the Forest Department to become Community Reserves to maintain the forests, the forest owners will receive an assistance of T (five thousand rupees) every year.
The curfew has caused heavy traffic jams in the area.
The district administration of West Jaintia Hills has sent security forces to bring peace to the people, but today hundreds of people from Karbi have turned to the place known as Lum Umshyrngat beh iaki. State Police.
Several elders of the area who are also community leaders including Bah Elwin R. Marak, Bah Debendro Sangma and Bah HJ Marak, while talking to this reporter, said that the residents of the area They have been eager to get a fully equipped police station to maintain peace and order in the area.
Jowai: The All Jaintia Cement Transporters' Association (AJCTA) has expressed its strong opposition to the installation of a tollgate at Ialong by the NHAI. I have lodged a complaint with the Project Director, PIU, Shillong.
“We have witnessed that only the TMC can fight against the BJP. From raising the issues of our people to demanding the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the 8th Schedule. Constitution, our leaders from time to time have raised their voices for the citizens of the State.
According to the signs, it is clear that if the NPP Party comes back to power once again, many of the people of Meghalaya will die of starvation due to the excessive corruption of the party. kine that two shipara.
The agreement is only to form a joint government after the elections.
“We elected the MP with compassion, but that compassion is now over,” said Deborah Marak at a meeting of the party in Williamnagar.
Twenty-nine MDCs will be elected for the KHADC and JHADC while one each will be appointed.
Commenting on the raid, Kharge said in a tweet, “In the past 14 hours, Modi has deployed an ED team at the residence. of Bihar Chief Secretary Tejashwi Yadav.
JHADC Chief Executive Member Thombor Shiwat said that from November 2020 to October 2021, the Executive Committee under his leadership has issued 14 NOCs to private individuals, companies and factories in East and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
We also talk about the relationship between the BJP and the NPP in Meghalaya and we remember that a few months ago, the BJP MDCs were about to form an Executive Committee in the Garo District Council. sure, if they have the opportunity to sit in front or behind, for the benefit of their party.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the party, Bah T Nongsteng, said that the BJP cannot accept the decision to ban the slaughter of cows.
The reservation is the parent, and the roster is the child.
“The government's statements have been made only in the media but without any letter,” said the HSPDP leader. said Bah Basiaw.
As she looked at the nature, the voice and appearance of Bah Deng came to her ears and mind.
I have already told the people that if we cannot control this disease and there is no other way, we will not hesitate to impose a lockdown”.
KSU Umsalait Unit Officers: President – ​​Theh Imaya I Shadap Manner Vice president – ​​Nidapoi Sumer General Secretary – Honestlyborn Sajem Assistant General Secretary – Jelius Shadap Manner Organizing Secretary – Ebormi Wan Publicity Secretary – Samkhyrkhu Dkhar Sports Secretary Dkhar Rimiki Dkhar Office Secretary – Biwel Lapasam with 12 Executive Members.
The President of the Voice of People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basiawmoit, who is also the MLA of Nongkrem, has ended the 40-day hunger strike for the cause of the people. to renew the 51-year-old Meghalaya State Reservation Policy.
“As it is said that the road is Budlum, the road is Budlum and in this village this statement does not fit at all,” said Samla Primson Makroh. The road they use is a bad and dilapidated road which has caused difficulties to the people in coming and going,” he added.
Nobody saw me, I was sitting in a public place" he said.
“We don't want the officers to expect that this area will contribute to them but we expect the officers to contribute their own contribution,” he said. “It is to acknowledge that all the officers who come to Mairang have the spirit of contribution and for this reason the Mairang C&RD Block is the leading Block in Meghalaya,” said Bah Metbah.
Sangma said the search for the real people involved was an attempt to get in touch with Jepson, who allegedly had links with David's relatives in the land matter.
This sieh mawbynna was done only in the month of October because last year's thning pathaw had caused problems in the rainy season to ring maw because the thning pathaw could not be used for more than a year. shroiñ and sleep.
The MDC of Sohryngkham constituency also expressed his surprise and surprise when the government called a meeting on the 20th to discuss the proposal to amend the 6th Schedule. The council has decided to send a representative to meet with the Home Ministry to put forward the proposals, but the District Council has not done anything, while the state government has already done so.
Earlier, Rupang had spoken to Bah Witting Mawsor and asked him whether the leaders of Ri-Bhoi, East and West Jaintia Hills had attended the CEC. On Saturday, Bah Witting admitted that all those who attended and received with enthusiasm and understanding, while in a conversation with Bah Markus Lyngdoh who was present. and Bah Hopingstone Marsharing said that the party has not informed us even by message as usual in this age, and he said that he has just heard that only u The General Secretary is Bah P.Lyngkhoi from Nongpoh who is a teacher at Mawbri and another from Mawhati.
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO), Fredrick Roy Kharkongor said that the turnout may increase as there are still uncounted polling stations in remote areas without proper communication facilities.
Luke 9:25,.
Rawat arrived at Raj Bhavan at midnight last night and handed over his resignation letter to the Governor, Baby Rani Maurya.
“If the tyrkhong is like this, even after the completion of the fourth phase of the GSWSS, there will always be a water shortage.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of the ration for the month of January,
He said that T.59.50 crore has been released to Patiala, T.26.52 crore to Tarn Taran, T.26.08 crore to Sangrur, T.22.44 crore to Ferozepur and T. 12.92 crore for Mansa.
Similarly, all the 60 constituencies should be reviewed once again and also the Lok Sabha constituencies should be created.
He said that as a leader he still has a lot of work to do for the development of the constituency.
Samla Amjester Papang Secretary of RBYF Umran Unit said that at 4 pm the vehicle came and stopped at Petrol Pump Umran Dairy. They went to question and investigate, but after investigation, the members of the union found that these foreigners did not have proper documents which led to the arrest of them at the place.
He said that on unemployment, they will ensure that from jobs outside the central government departments or companies here, they should provide 100 percent employment to the residents.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul urged the people of the state not to sleep on the election of leaders but to elect the legislators who speak for the needs of the people. without forgetting to put forward the needs of the future generations.
The stadium was constructed at a cost of T.9.25 crore which includes a football field and a gallery.
In addition, their budget is very low, when there is a ban on coal mining, which many of the revenues of the Councils have not received for a long time.
Explaining on the issue raised by Bah Ardent, the Minister in charge of Land Revenue, Bah Kyrmen Shylla read out the provisions of the Meghalaya Land Regulation Act, violation of the law.
At these meetings, the people will raise issues and I will show what I have,” he said.
He said that the new committee on the reservation policy should set a time limit for discussion to avoid any misunderstanding by the government.
Shillong: U Benedic Marak, Chief Executive Member of the Garo Hills District Council, who is also an MDC of the National People's Party (NPP), has been sacked. meeting of the Council.
A complaint was lodged with the Nongmynsong Police Station yesterday, alleging that a student, who lives in the hostel, was shot dead by the Principal of the hostel with a stick. Two others have been shot dead and they are students of Class IV and Class X. The Principal has also raised his hand against a teacher. which thou hast not loved thy body.
This small paid of the Khasi people is the main reason why many protests have been launched to demand fair laws from the government to protect the people from being overthrown and disappeared. from the world by the influx of those high paid from other parts of India.
Anthony Kharbuli was the Vice President of the KSU when Bull N Lyngdoh was the President of the KSU in the 1990s.
The New Shillong Township, which includes the Knowledge City and the Administrative City, has already allocated T.10,000 crore to promote economic development. The Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety, West and East Jaintia Hills District has informed the public especially the meat vendors (beef, beef, pork, goat). , fish and so on) and as mentioned from time to time by the office the requirements to be met and followed in order to comply with the order of the Hon'ble Meghalaya High Court through PIL No. of 2021 dated 14.06.2022 and 20.05.2022 and PIL No.7 dated 17.08.2023 that this notice will be the last chance for the Assistant Commissioner's office to give time to the meat vendors to comply with the requirements as The Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety, West and East Jaintia Hills has given you until 31st March 2024 to comply with the requirements. these instructions to avoid filing a case in Court.
What shall I pray for? Shall we pray that the spirit of peace will take root in government and society? Will it produce and give birth to the power of love and miracles to support each other? Should we pray for the transformation and restructuring of the judiciary? Besides those who have contracted covid19, there are many residents who are almost starving because they don't have food and don't have enough money to buy food, among other necessities. in life.
On the other hand, Pala has refused to join the NPP as reported in these days.
He assured that his Hima will also help as much as possible to benefit the poor.
He said that the presence of three road construction projects in the district including Nongstoin-Rambrai, Nongstoin-Maweit and Nongstoin-Wahkaji has also prompted foreigners to take advantage of the opportunity to invade the district.
She said that the state has women who work hard in many fields.
The government has convened a meeting of all political parties to discuss the roster.
The girl accused Samajwadi Party district president Tilak Yadav, three of her brothers, BSP president Deepak Ahirvar, BSP vice-president Neeraj Tiwari and others. and those in her household, who were involved in this crime.
It is alleged that the husband of the woman, Plom Dkhar, from the same village, had already killed her and stabbed her to death.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to
KSU General Secretary Namdong Unit, Juhhi Tariang in the presence of Assistant Sports Secretary Samla Kitbok Lamare and several members of KSU. Think and talk about how uranium mining will bring about economic growth.
Shillong, Lber 15 : The state government is still waiting for the reply from the Ministry of Education of the Union Government for the exemption of Meghalaya from the Common University Entrance Test (CUET).
For those who participate, there will be a cash prize for their respective victories.
This is perhaps the main reason why these teachers of government schools have come out to protest.
Khliehriat, Naitung 12: The authorities of East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday demolished nine illegally constructed Coke Plants.
You know how happy I was when I heard that your daughter has married the son of Bah Shanbor, because I understand that my idea with you has worked,” said Bah Lait. “I understand, Bah Lait, but I told you that it's too late for me now,” said Maheh. Bah Lait said, “Look, Maheh, I won't be angry if you don't fulfill your promise,” said Bah. LaitMarsien heard that word, Maheh line got up and said, “You think I'll respect you too.
Tens of thousands of people gathered in front of Shah Rukh Khan's house and SRK stood from the roof of his house to greet his fans.
She said she was surprised to see that these foreigners who are only her employees came to carry stones and shyiap and prepared the house on her land. She said that she had gone to stop them and they had agreed while the work was being done. She said that she had gone to lodge a complaint with the Syiem but the order was issued. The Sohra Hima has given the land to Dilip Biwas.
However, if festivals are held in Nongkhnum, the villagers of Disyiang also benefit a little bit by receiving bills from those who organize the festival and by setting up shops for food and beverages. grocery store and juice.
What has the state government done to follow up on the central government because in a few months the term of this government has ended and the election has come”.
"What I mean is that many fields belong to the Father.
The meeting of the Mawsor Kur Dorbar was held at Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng.
The total number of medals won by the 20 MAKO players from Sub-Junior, Junior and Senior categories is
It is learned that immediately after the meeting, there was a stir and some foreigners were injured on the road.
Therefore, they do not need to send their children to school far away.
The cost of the project has reached Rs 212.82 crore.
However, Prestone questioned the intentions behind the opposition leader's actions, saying that he was only trying to blame the MDA government. Dr Mukul Sangma has said that Dr Mukul Sangma has lost the election this time.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Hamletson Dohling said that this day is not only special for the SCA, but also for his constituency, after the SCA came forward to set up this day. Hamletson would like to thank the organizers of this training shlem for their willingness to come and set up this training shlem here in the village. I'm not in your constituency.
“If the Government still has to appear as owners of houses in front of the tenants, leave it as it is, there is no need to affect anything...wait for the VPP to come to power and we will do our duty, " said Mr. Nongrum.
The prizes were awarded by the Chief Guest, Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai in the presence of District Sports Officer (DSO) K.S. Passah, leaders and members of the West Jaintia District Sports Association, the family of (late) Debo Shullai and others.
Before Lenmawtap A Sohiong got the ground, the MLA and BDO together with the village officials were accused of misusing the money and an FIR was lodged against them. The construction of the stadium since 2012 started in 2020 but due to the outbreak of Covid-19 and the allegations of corruption, the stadium has been suspended but on 13th November to complete.
He said that during the curfew, trucks pass at night without car passes, while vehicles carrying agricultural products are seized by the police along with payment of fines even though they are the carriers of food and drink from the country. for the benefit of the people but there is no feeling from the police.
Jowai: Unidentified persons have thrown stones at trucks and buses at Mihmyntdu, Jowai By-Pass in West Jaintia Hills.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hek promised to cooperate with the people of the area to promote tourism in the area. They need to investigate the history of the migration of the Amur Falcon in their village and put it in documentation so that the state government can establish this place. on the tourism map and if they encounter any problems, they can contact and ask for assistance from the Wildlife Department of the State.
City are still a strong team as last season they became the first English team to win the Champions League, Premier League and FA Cup.
If you refuse to speak others will be sent to speak and if the ship sinks everyone will sink.
The KSU said that the M&HO has promised to run the hospital in an orderly manner and to improve all the work from the staff, cleanliness, food and dress code of all the staff.
In the men's basketball, the state team lost 39-88 to Mizoram.
The ceremony will end today at Pung Biar Blai, Tuberkmai Shnong where the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, along with several Cabinet members, MLAs, MDCs and government officials will attend the ceremony. Come and witness this annual Behdeinkhlam festival of the raid of the country.
The Meghalaya government through the Urban Affairs Department has allocated up to T.10 lakh for the construction of the public parking lot in front of the Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex in Nongpoh.
He says it stood out as one of the least indebted companies anywhere.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Laitphar Syngkrem and Samla Ohibait Dkhar, who have been fighting for this issue since 2018, have been fighting for this issue since kine that truck bar state.
Has the government laid down rules for various companies in the state, especially rules to bring peace to the women working in these places, said the statement.
However, when we fight against each other, we are like a thlen that eats Khasi and Pnar.
The firearms seized include 2 .22 pistols, 4 .22 bullets and 2 magazines of .22 pistol.
“It is the census of the family, the census of the family, which we can keep as our own property and not know the census of the judgment but it is not the census of the cow or the goat. and the cow shall be cut off.
“There is no reason for the protest,” she said.
The order also requires that employees inside shops should wear masks and shops should provide sanitizer for people who come in need. store.
As usual on the first day of the festival, which is known as Sngi Nohkjat, the shad will start with a thanksgiving ceremony from the ground floor of the Seng Khasi Mawkhar. Wait slowly until you reach the Weiking Stadium, but before the dance resumes, the elderly man will take part in thanksgiving and bow down on the altar built specially in the middle of the square. after this the flag shall be raised and the dancing shall begin again.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Sengbhalang and Seng Longkmie, said that they are not allowed to carry the goods to Mawkyrwat.
Shillong, Jn16: The KHNAM 19-Jaiaw Constituency Shillong will hold a public meeting tomorrow at 6:30 pm at Jaiaw Mawbynna and at Lama Villa at 6:30 pm. at 7:30 p.m.
According to the Moneycontrol report, the company has promised these students loans and other financial assistance for their studies.
Nongstoiñ: A strong storm has struck Nongstoiñ area at 6:30 am this morning where many houses, schools, plants and trees have been destroyed.
It was seen that during the raid, there were many shops selling various goods which had been seized from outside the country, but they were ordered to leave the shops inside and the KHADC authorities closed down. they.
The Sordar of Upper New Nongstoin, Bah H.Marwein, said, “We are very fortunate to have this DC who has reached out and guided us especially in terms of the cleanliness of the villages. He is also a man whose actions speak louder than words and we should give him great respect for his works for the good of the people whether in the city or in the countryside as village headmen. I am very sorry that such a righteous officer will leave for a while.
This is evidence of the support of my party colleague Bah Rocky Hek as the candidate from the 17th North Shillong Constituency after my defeat.
Budweiser, therefore, demands that FIFA pay its compensation for the beer ban.
He said that Ian Campbell said that if you want to reach the highest level like the Olympics, you need to have not only 100 percent commitment but also 150 percent commitment. and the patience of labor.
On the other hand, the Principal of the school, Krostandiki Hauzek, said that this victory of the students has brought great pride to the school as a whole in West Jaintia Hills.
However, to leave our children like that is not right and there should be reliable visitors because if we don't value these children who are the precious wealth of the nation and the family, the future is bleak and hopeless.
The Minister expressed the hope that this approach will be implemented by the state government as one in which other states in the North East will follow the example of Meghalaya.
This was announced by the Education Secretary of KSU Wapung Unit, Samla Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem.
Congress leaders who lost included Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde, Ambika Soni, Kapil Sibal, Ghulam Nabi Azad, Ajay Maken and Pawan Kumar Bansal.
That incident touched Lanosha's mind.
Other speakers on the occasion included TS Shangrit Chairman WKH Union, HH Marwein Rangbah Shnong Upper New Nongstoin, Hindro Samakha, Sordar Raid Mynsaw Hima, EP Syiem Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, S Kharlyngdoh. DC WKHD, Bah Nolip Lyngdoh President HSPDP SWKHD, Bah KP Pangniang President HSPDP WKHD, and also received a song from the family members of Ma ieid who entertained and concluded the ceremony. Hoping's prayer was answered by Rev. KB Snaitang.
Amit Shah has announced three major schemes worth more than Rs 8,000 crore related to disaster prevention in the country.
However, before Dr. Mukul Sangma's visit, Shangpliang had already told the people that he should not sit in front of the Chief Minister as he has to follow the rules of the Model Code of Practice. Conduct.
So we all were happy, we ran and brought 10 or 10 kilos or 10 kilos of food to help and support each other.
He also said (Lk 9:23) – If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
Let us be more respectful and well dressed and don't be proud of being married to foreigners.
In Pool A, Sabahmuswang, Mookyndur, Demthring SC, Mukhla Evergreen, Moosyiem Shangpung and Nangbah Iawmusiang were divided into two groups.
Even Proverbs says “train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it”.
When asked about the same situation in Manipur despite Rai's stay in the state and whether he feels it is appropriate for the Prime Minister to visit the state, Jaiswal said, “Yes, The Prime Minister will visit Manipur.
In this regard, the UHM has promised to stand with the people of Mawlasnai and also to give full support to the demands that the State Government should allow the people living in the villages who have on the border with the State of Assam to register Free Land.
He said that the world respects the athletes, so the Symbud Myntri Rangbah expects that one day there will be athletes from this region who will represent the District, the State and the country. long the pride.
He added that as teachers we have the right to stand up for our rights because they are known as the founders, builders of the country and leaders in the society but when the salary is low we cannot. They have to take to the streets to demand the same rights as other government employees.
Shillong: Police in Shillong have arrested a tourist vehicle (AS 01 LC 4807) from Assam, which was carrying drug traffickers from Guwahati to Shillong.
The union also ordered to send for cleaning of the areas that have been cleaned especially in the villages to avoid the floods which affect the health of the people of the area.
Your writing is meaningful and appropriate.
When asked what the district authorities will do after receiving the reply from the parents, the DC said, “We will see what the reply is”.
Revelation 12:1
“The call was issued by Swati Maliwal on 13th June and without waiting for time, all this appeared in the media.
Mooshahary, who is also a Visitor of the University, said that according to Section 48 of the Act, which was enacted in 2009, the State Government has the power to repeal the no. I'm going to go to the University.
Shillong, Iaiong 10: The Rangbah Shnong of Dawki, Shillong, on Tuesday said that there has been no electricity supply in the village for three days.
He said that in the past few months, there have been foreigners who have come to Marskuiñ village to offer goods and he has found that when they go to the houses even if there are only women and children, they enter. until the room is clean.
“There are those who have been in other political parties, who have come to nominate themselves,” said the former leader of the party. “We don't care about them, but we want them. He said that these days, many people come to the office of the party to apply to join the party.
It is learned that as soon as the police learned that Bah Jyllud had escaped from the hospital, they immediately searched for him, but at the time of writing, they have not arrested him.
“In Meghalaya there are about 70 or 75 per cent Bible readers, they believe that Aadhaar is a wild beast according to the Book of Revelation, we have to respect their faith and spirituality. shall I challenge the faith of others?" he said again.
The HYC members, who did not listen to the request of the District authorities, sat in front of the Main Secretariat.
The Prime Minister distributed shini at the price of T.13.50 per kilo.
He said he does not support the principles of various political parties in the state and reminded that many of the MPs leading Shillong are independent candidates.
Responsible: you mean responsibility, responsibility is not responsible for your body or soul; khia is the strongest weight to carry or test; The head is the mind, but the responsibility is to be willing to leave anything behind.
On this issue, the union said that the farmers have taken many times to discuss the issue with the MRB Sutnga branch but have not received any reply from the branch manager or staff.
We as the village leaders have decided that from now on we will not be allowed to give syrnod to any foreigner,” said Daniel who is also the Waheh Shnong of Bakur.
“Wow! I'm surprised, but I told you that I came to the village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30 : The BJP on Tuesday agreed to ensure the security and safety of the people if it comes to power in
Former KSU President Daniel Khyriem said that during the meeting today, the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma promised that the government will immediately implement the Citizenship Act and the Banami Act. in order to control outsiders.
The priority works in relation to the improvement of roads and paths have been the cleaning of the streets, the widening and widening of the roads or paths, the installation of bridges. and the walls and the building of the walls along the road.
Climate change, which we witness through drought, floods, increase in temperature, unseasonal rainfall, etc., is the biggest threat to human health. earth.
I don't know what the reservation is and I don't know what the reservation is and I don't know what the reservation is. whatever you want but it's a matter of administration," he added.
Daniel 12:11 and forty-five days.
The FKJGP has gone to collect water samples on the complaint of the residents that they are getting dirty and unsafe drinking water.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pala said that the allegation is false without sufficient evidence.
He said this after the speech of Nongkrem MLA, Bah Lambor Malngiang at a meeting held recently in his constituency where he warned the officers if they come to stop the quarrying. .
The surrounding borders of Lum Shyllong are rounded and covered with Khyndai Umdih Khyndai Umtong.
The non-release of the arrear of SSA teachers by the State Government even after 4 years of salary increase is a violation of the rights of teachers as enshrined in Articles 14, 16, and 21 of the Constitution. Government of India and other rights under the law.
Earlier, the Government Advocate, Bah ND Shullai, told the Division Bench that the State Law Department has prepared a banker check of T.1 lakh to pay for the treatment of Bah Slinder. Tournament.
To hold Jowai Fest once a year to promote Culture, Arts, Literature and Music, to provide an opportunity for the youth to develop their talents. existing tourist spotsc) To monitor and develop new tourist spotsd) To monitor the unique selling points (USPs) of tourist spots) To encourage the establishment of guest houses, home stays, camp sites and B&Bsf) To fight as much as possible to promote tourism in the constituency.
Superintendent of Police, Bikram D Marak has warned the public not to spread misleading information about the COVID-19 vaccination.
The Chief Judicial Magistrate-cum-Secretary of the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), D.Sohtun, spoke on the precautionary measures and how to prevent the spread of the disease under the Human Immunodeficiency Act. The HIV/AIDS Prevention and Control Act, 2017 states that people living with HIV/AIDS should not be discriminated against or discriminated against in society or even at home. no shame.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22 : Mariamma Thomas has been appointed as the new Chief Postmaster General of the North East Postal Circle.
Since July, 2023, BSF Meghalaya has seized more than 1300 bottles of Phensedyl which was intended to be smuggled across the border.
On the other hand, the Union of Village Authorities of Nongmynsaw Syiemship Hima and the people are filled with sorrow and remain in darkness.
In preparation for the elections in four states and one small state, the Election Commission has seized money and other illegal items worth T.331.47 crore.
Last week, Sohan released a video on this.
According to the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, the child is a student of Class VII and the police received the complaint on 03/12/2
“If he (Bernard) refers to the signs on the pillars behind the stadium which I think it is, this is the way the pillars should be.
S.Meena, IRS and Kamlesh Kumar, IRS today visited the District Election Officer, Mawkyrwat to inspect the work of the District Election Officer, Mawkyrwat. various committees for the Lok Sabha Parliamentary Elections,
He said that although the government has recognized synsar as one of the agricultural products, in recent years the people of these villages have not been interested in cultivating synsar, because the market is not proper. and if a farm cannot produce 10 metric tons of synsar, but if it is planted with kwai, it can produce thousands of kwai trees and the yield will vary greatly.
I'm going to turn to Tyrko for the scam of your mother Rangbah.
“Now it is not only the poor who are complaining about the price hike but also the rich people,” he said.
Isaiah 26:20.
Shillong, June 21: The State Government has set a target to provide toilets to all households in the State by the end of
Shillong, November 20 : After four years of escaping from the hands of illegal coal miners in East Jaintia Hills, two civil society workers have been arrested. Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma have lodged an FIR at Jhalupara Police Station after they found with their own eyes a truck carrying illegal coal. from Shallang to Guwahati via Shillong.
Shi por saw that there was no tiffin in the morning.
He said that the people should not be misled as he was misled in 2002 when KHNAM was formed, but he understood later.
They bought the shynrai with this money.
Shillong: Two persons who were admitted to the Civil Hospital for coronavirus have recovered, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said on Twitter.
“All the requirements include approval from the Petroleum and Explosive Safety Organization (PESO), approval from the Consent to Establish (CTE) State Pollution Control Board (SPCB), permit from the Forest Department, Permit or No Objection Certificate ( NOC) from the IGGL to operate the pipes in Meghalaya,” said the Chief Executive Officer, Jaintia Hills District Council. he said.
He said that during the meeting, the officers and officials discussed many issues and suggested what is the best that the State Government should do for the sake of peace and order for the people and the state as a whole. other.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the ownership of private land will continue in the state but the government will have to look after it. .
Shillong: The cyclone will continue from the Bay of Bengal to the North East from the 17th to the 19th of this month. in parts of Meghalaya, from 17th to 21st June
“Today, we didn't have the opportunity to see the students, but we had to leave for the elections,” said some teachers who met the reporter at the DC's office. The teachers' duty elections will affect the students, as it has been seen that the polling in Meghalaya for the Lok Sabha will be held until the 19th of June this year, which means 10 months. here.
Last month, Canada expelled 41 Indian officials and suspended visa issuance at visa offices in Chandigarh, Mumbai and Bengaluru due to tensions with India in these months.
If the tricks are not learned how to react the cats run away from the injector.
The club has also appointed Khalid Jamil as the new head coach of the club for the remainder of the season.
It was also alleged that IIT Guwahati has close ties with two contractors who are building the hall, UPRNNL and Badri Rai&Co.
Mynthong School is 15′ tall.
“The Cabinet meeting today has made it clear that they cannot allow such a protest in this form,” said Narottam Mishra, Minister of Home Affairs. the state government, while speaking to reporters.
Prestone said that the decision to abolish the department on his part, as the Minister in charge of the department, will soon be taken to the Cabinet meeting to decide on this issue.
Cheranjit Chaudhaury, General Secretary, Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSA) was the chief guest in the presence of DSO Daniel Dann and GE Lyngdoh. the retired DSO and other invitees.
According to Bah War, the company provides more training in the spa line and hires those between 18-35 years old.
Video & Editing is by Amos Suting and the group congratulates John Lyngdoh and Shimti Lyngkhoi.
Similarly, the VPP has made it clear that it is focused only on Ri Khasi to strengthen its foundation.
The family members of the child together with the residents of the village have searched for her around the area and finally they have found her in a crem forest nearby. the garden itself.
We are more experienced today and in the past year we have learned about marketing, design to be more attractive and selection in the right way to sell products and can market", he said. said.
The interesting and happy thing in the age in which we live is that we are still very fortunate that our ancestors did not destroy or destroy the natural resources that they had even if they didn't have enough. roi that about.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: A two-year-old woman has lost her life after falling into a well while she was going to fetch water.
The Minister said that the Population Commission has been set up to collect information on the indigenous people of Manipur and also to identify and collect information on the illegal immigrants. in Manipur.
Many of the women who have opened the WE CARD have been misled because they are still thinking that they will get the 1000 tyngka from now on. Only if this party comes to power even after 100 days if it is.
The Seng also strongly warns the students not to play sports during the middle of school or after school.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : U Minister of State for Minority Affairs, John Birla today attended the Rozgar Mela in Shillong and distributed appointment letters to newly employed youth. The Great Duh of the Country.
The Central Government has also agreed to appoint a CBI inquiry into the incident after the meeting of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Cabinet with Home Minister Amit Shah in Delhi.
The conflict between the Hutu and Tutsi communities in Rwanda in 1994 was terrible in which in just 100 days about 500,000 people were killed.
He is a prominent person who has an interest in the students, and has also been involved in many activities for the community and organizations responsible for the development of the cultures, that is even after he retired until he died.
As a leading leader of the ethnic parties, Bah Khongwir was a member of the HSPDP and played an important role in the formation of the United Democratic Party (UDP).
“The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep, we appeal to the people of Hynniewtrep that all the righteous parents have a share but at the same time we have to show our skills, we are proud as “The competition is not with other nations, the progress of the students has increased, and it is an honor that we have been able to come to the general list,” he said.
The party has demanded that the census year should be 1971 as demanded in the past.
After seeing the statue, Rupang spoke to Fr Alexsius Dkhar, the Parish Priest of Mookyndeng, who said that the statue was baptized two months ago. he didn't remember whether he was baptized, whether it was a son or a daughter.
“This Government has not fixed the border but has gone to sell the border with Assam.
Early in the morning he got up and worked as if he knew the day.
The EC of KHADC has recently decided to punish the Plantation Chowkidar, Bah Franklin Khymdeit, by sending him to pay the money according to the recommendation of the Inquiry Committee. 38.30 lakh to the Council.
Women need to add about 2000 calories per day, about 1500 calories per day among those who want to lose weight about half a kilo per month.
He added that if elected as MLAs, KAM Meghalaya will fight as hard as it can to introduce policies to improve employment, improve health, build infrastructure and will also fight. to enact the Meghalaya Fairness in Government Contract Bill, the Meghalaya Rights to Grievance Redress Accountability and Transparency Act, the Public Health Act, the Meghalaya Social Security Act and others.
However, most of those who came were from the Pnar community while only a few from the Karbi community.
We cannot know in advance when the rain will fall in the area we are going to.
Meghalaya has cancelled.
It may be recalled that due to the lack of nearby health centres, most of the time when transporting the sick is not easy because until now there is no road and most of the time when transporting by human strength and if there is Even those whose disease was more severe in the middle of the road did not reach but lost their lives.
“As of now, we have been informed that there have been no such activities started in the state or if there has been a start, but it is still far away and this shows that there has been no use of these things, although they were.
We as the Shnong Moojem wish the MLA to work harder for the development of the people, said the Rangbah Shnong Mowjem Bah Hoping son Sungoh. the body is healthy.
The BJP said that since the meeting held in October between the two NDA allies in the state, BJP workers or members from all districts of the Shillong constituency have worked hard and determinedly to achieve the goal. and to reach the target of the BJP's NPP ally from Shillong Lok Sabha constituency.
New Delhi, June 04: Under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, 60% of households in rural areas now have access to clean drinking water through water tanks.
Out of these 573 people, 152 people have gathered in Christ King Hostel including women, children, youths, women and elderly people. Five other residents of the area were also arrested on the same day and have not yet been released, but are still in jail in Assam.
Nangbah FC struggled to defend the end of the first half and Chimiki scored the fourth goal for Ialong before the end of the first half.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah James S Lyngdoh, Working President, Meghalaya PCC, spoke on the purpose of the protest and said that the farmers, who should feed the country, , but this time, they came out of their fields and stood on the ground, because of their rightful demands.
A rescue team including the villagers took the injured to a nearby hospital for treatment and doctors found that the Second Polling Officer was seriously injured.
After receiving the 1000 rupees from the woman, the police have registered a case under Case No.37(10)17 U/S 341/325/34 IPC. still closed to find out the facts.
On the other hand, Bah Shangpliang said that as a sign of encouragement to the farmers of the state and in order to be able to market the products produced in the country, only jhur products should be allowed. to import from other states like Assam only jhur products which do not come from the state because jhur khasi can no longer sell products from the state if a lot of jhur comes from outside the state and this creates problems for them farmers of the state, he added.
The order was issued after illegal parking was discovered along the NH-40 from Khyndailad to Motphran.
The above figures are only the results of the candidates and may change and Rupang.com's follow-up is ongoing.
The legend says that when the khan asked the Lord God where they should go, the khan answered to go down to the east where God had prepared a place for them to live. to him.
Speaking to media, Samla Bandari Ryntathiang said that the party is deeply saddened by the fact that Assam is still crossing the border even in a place where it is known that it is not a border area. and which was transferred to Meghalaya after the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding between Meghalaya and Assam in the first phase of the demarcation.
He said that the reason why the government has taken this decision is because they see that the site is suitable for the purpose of making the site one of the most beautiful tourist sites in the region.
" Jesus Christ is the King of peace and His incarnation brings hope.
“Ka seng can no longer listen to this and allow other ethnic groups to build houses here and in protest the seng has built only one house to give to the Khasi because foreigners live here. They lived in the land without paying rent, and they were destroyed.
Even if He doesn't speak to your ears, He will speak to your heart.
The Lok Sabha election 2024 on the Assam-Meghalaya border will be held on 19th June.
Before the break, Risalin scored in the 60+11th minute to secure the victory.
It is also prohibited for any person or group to kill enemies with pesticides, bombs and other methods in the waters and streams in Mawlangsu West Khasi Hills District. , if found guilty, they will be punished according to the rules of law.
Facebook is currently developing smart faces that will allow you to call people whenever you want without having to touch your mobile phones, the report said.
“If you go from Shillong to Nongstoin, you can see illegal gates. When you reach Mawngap, there is a gate near the house of the MLA of this constituency, Bah Brol Nongsiej. “he added that the gates of the city were opened.
Nongpoh: The Enforcement Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday raided several foreign shops from Byrnihat to Pilangkata, which are the border villages. we're afraid.
Once a year, along with the festivals, the dorbars of the kurs are held and it is an important duty for each and every member of the kurs or village to attend and participate in these dorbars.
The HYC leader in Ri Bhoi, said that the reason why these Khasi have been insulted, is because of the lack of attention of the state government to resolve the border issue. Government to the Khasi people living on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
On the other hand, the Minister sent her condolences to the family of Ranisha Syiemlieh who passed away at the hospital.
I thank God for this victory and I dedicate this Award to my parents, Principal, Vice-Principal, teachers, colleagues, students, brothers and sisters. my residents (Nongpoh), Ri Bhoi District and all the people of Meghalaya for this recognition I have received and it is because of all the people of the State.
Shillong, June 30 : The Department of History, Shillong College has organized a seminar on the struggle for the independence of Meghalaya on 29th June at 11 o'clock in the morning inside the College.
Tanmay Mishra, a Mumbai-born player who has played for Royal Challengers Bangalore and Deccan Chargers in the Indian Premier League, has also played for Tripura.
These houses which still exist in this Khasi Heritage Village near Mawphlang, East Khasi Hills District are built for the purpose of promoting the Khasi Hima under the jurisdiction of KHADC. to promote tourists.
This shows that the spread of the disease is not over yet and it can spread again if it cannot be prevented in time.
Jude was abducted by the GNLA at Deku Deganggre on Tuesday while he was returning from a funeral in Tura at 6:30 pm.
“We will have to wait for the inquiry report first and after this we will be able to take a decision (if necessary by an independent inquiry team).
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU-LC) has strongly warned the Karbi people and the Assam Government not to cross the border into Meghalaya. Therefore, the union has decided to close down the Karbi House in Laban.
Nangkiew scored 5 to 3 goals.
It is learned that Bah Paul Marweiñ is the owner of a shop in Laban at Pala Complex.
Garland Shadap Manner, Laitphar Syngkrem as Publicity Secretary, Justice Paul Lyngdoh as Education Secretary and Office Secretary, Balawan Suchiang.
Chwa Syiemlieh Film Production has chosen to sing for the first time in the music video 'Nga La Ïoh Mad' from the film 'Jingim' which was released in November
The body temperature increased both of them couldn't stand it anymore.
years of study, when you pass HSSLC, CUET will decide the future of your children.
Time will tell.
Furthermore, to improve schools especially government schools by focusing on Skill Development, how to improve PHCs, CHCs especially in rural areas.
Dame Syih scored in the 65th minute and William Pouliankhum in the 66th minute.
From Sohryngkham Mawryngkneng Area, Mr. B. Nongbri, Mr. R. Shadap, Mr. H. Kharduit, Mr. M. Dkhar, Mr. D. Kharpran, Mr. M. Pyngrope, Mr. O. Nongrum, Mr. J. Kharumnuid, Mr. S. Nongbri, Bah E. Warlarpih and others.
The government especially the District Administration of East Jaintia Hills has been requested to deliver food items to the border villages like Hingaria, Huroi, Lei Long, Lejri and other border villages. They have found it difficult to come to Khliehriat to buy their necessities and urged all the people to cooperate with the District authorities in the fight against this CoViD
The first prize went to Government Boys Higher Secondary School led by Somanroy Myrchiang and Graceful Mary Phawa. The third place went to North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai under the leadership of Ribait Phawa and Sneinbha Suchaing.
Pritam Arengh, President of FKJGP Garo Hills Zone, said that the demand of the FKJGP Garo Hills Zone is to return the land which used to fall under the Hima Nonglang and and Nongbak-Aking which belong to Meghalaya as these areas are not always in border dispute.
Happy Birthday Chiboon.
It is understood that tomorrow the UDP will not be able to decide on all its candidates from all seven constituencies and there will be some constituencies which it will have to announce later.
Justice T Nandakumar Singh said that through the presence of the District Court, it will help to complete the cases more quickly and urged the police to fulfill their duties.
B.Taro scored 35', 83', M.Makri 49' and B.Mawlong 81'.
The Chief Minister of the District Council, Bah Ardent Miller (CEM) in the presence of Bah Teinwell Dkhar, Deputy CEM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC of KHNAM, officers of the District Council visited both these villages to hold the event. public meeting to explain what the District Council has to do to encourage these two villages.
When contacted by the Rangbah Shnong of Umnawe, Kitnal Sangma, he said that this road which passes through Pilingkata, Umtyrnga in the past has been a good and safe road especially for children's vehicles. Schools and market goers pass through this road but now six months since the arrival of dumpers carrying stone to Assam has destroyed this road and it is no longer safe.
because of slowness and corruption.
Shillong: A Maruti car with the number plate Ml O5-N-919 has collided with a truck near Kyrdemkulai, Meghalaya.
The people working in these groups (Army, Airforce, Assam Rifles, BSF, NEHU, NEC, Banks etc together with their family members have spent their salaries here in Shillong.
On this occasion, Bah Sadon strongly criticized the MDCs for alleging that they have something to hide about the smuggling of indigenous people to foreign countries. money that can be made in many ways.
Through this inspection, the Minister of Transport has inspected the start of the construction of the nar bridge which has been handed over to the Border Road Organization to construct the new bridge at a cost of about Rs.300 crore.
This has become a matter of life and death for the students and the demand is that the government should release the fees of the students as soon as possible.
The Head of Police, Ri Bhoi District, said that the police received a tip about the incident after receiving a phone call informing them about the incident. Khanapara Police Station has rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation into the incident.
According to some of the residents who used to buy silimanite, if it is a good stone, they sell it at the price of 7 tyngka per kilo while the silimanite stone cannot be sold. only at the price of 2 to 3 tyngka per kilo.
In the Declaration of the World Uranium Symposium 2015, the countries of the world demanded to stop drilling and exploration of uranium, to mine uranium, to build processing plants and nuclear plants.
The replacement of ministers will take place next month of April and the replacement will be two or three ministers.
IGNOU has selected Shillong College to run the college after the closure of Sanker Dev College.
Therefore, the party urges the Meghalaya government not to respect the status quo, because respect empowers Assam to do whatever it wants especially to cross the border.
Last year, the party's top leaders tried to gather once again the party leaders for the purpose of rebuilding the party. The Executive Committee together with the office bearers of the area unit have reached an agreement and unity.
The International Labor Organization, which was founded in 1919, has now reached its 104th anniversary of efforts to eradicate child labor. In 2022, in an attempt to eradicate child abuse with the permission of the United Nations, the United Nations has launched a campaign to combat child abuse. Commemorate the 12th of July every year as the World Day against Child Labour.
Jowai: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has issued an order to inform the public that the curfew from 9 pm to 5 pm will continue in West Jaintia Hills until further notice.
Besides, it also affects the farmers especially at these times when the farmers have to sell their rice, soh and jhur in the market,” said Daniel Khongsit president.
There is no word to change when the order is issued from the central there is no word to say yes but just raise your hand and amen beit. If we know how to promote and respect especially our language, our culture, we will be able to spread our culture even in other languages,,,,so that others can I know that the Khasi language is intelligent,,,,Please include the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule and then you will understand the Hindi language.
“However, we see now that what Bah kynsing is following is from helping those who sell jhur to urea.
Regarding the staff working on contract basis in the Civil Hospital, especially those who have been terminated recently under the emergency staff category, they were urged to take immediate action due to the need in the dialysis unit, operation theater unit and blood bank unit, which will be appointed to ensure the smooth running of the hospital, said the Minister.
According to the Guidelines, applicants must be full citizens of India, along with the necessary documents as directed by the Waheh Shnongs, Panchayats/Autonomous Councils/Art personalities/ District Administration/State Government, should also send a detailed Bio-Data, should also accompany an attested copy of Bank Account Details/Ration Card/PAN Card/Voter's ID or photograph for verification. Accommodation, as well as VCD/DVD/CD/ should be submitted with the application form.
Nongpoh, 09 Naiwieng: Due to the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh, which has caused a serious problem not only to the farmers in Ri Khasi & Jaintia, but also to the cow consumers, due to the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh, The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Sengkmie today visited the cow market at Khanapara, Ri Bhoi District.
The current pandemic, locusts around the world has affected people's human dignity and income.
He said the political parties in Karnataka agreed and voted for the Congress.
To date, Lalringthara has learned to write Mizo characters and now works as a security guard at a church in New Hruaikawn.
The war between Israel and Hamas militants began on March 7 when Hamas militants launched an attack on Israel and fired hundreds of rockets once on that day. Israel has confirmed that more than 1,200 Israelis have been killed in the Hamas attack on the 7th. They went from house to house and kidnapped more than 240 Israelis, including those from other countries outside Israel.
Zone-2 from Iongkwan to Khadsan Village, Zone-3 from Mynksan to Lamarang.
Khliehriat, November 3: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) CEC under the leadership of its Vice President, Bah Ency Shadap, today visited the Deputy Commissioner. The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has issued a letter of appointment (dated, 20 June 2023) issued by the office of the Deputy Commissioner inviting only those who have qualified. Experienced or experienced.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Raij Nongjngi Dorbar, West Jaintia Hills District, at its meeting held on the 11th of this month at LP School, Thadlongpai Ionglwit, in the presence of Rangbah Shnong, elders, The committee has decided unanimously to remove Wilas Pale from the post of Chairman of the Raij Nongjngi.
Meanwhile, India has summoned the Pakistani government official today to present the facts of the Jaish-e-Mohammed attack on 14th June. 2019 in Pulwama, where 40 CRP policemen were killed.
Latiplang Kharkongor MDC and Adelbert Nongrum MLA have now strongly opposed the 1950 Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes List.
According to the advertisement of the office of the DM HO, Ri Bhoi District, there are 8 vacancies in the health department, including PHC/CHC, 1 Storekeeper post and RBSK post.
However, if the farmers' dorbars are held in their own districts, it will be easier, better and more understandable.
“There are those who say that the election of leaders like MLAs, MDCs and MPs is just for those who don't fight and this is terrible for the state, the country and the nation,” he said.
“In the first three months of 2023 alone, police have registered 35 cases, 80 people have been arrested, 31 vehicles have been seized, 94 mobile phones, 3.2 kg of heroin, 140 kg of ganja, 60,000 tablets and 22 bottles of heroin, and cash worth T.65 lakh.
The Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Bah Deimonmi Lyngdoh in a meeting said that on the 12th of November at about 12:00 pm and on the 18th of July at about 1:00 pm, the Assam Police and the Karbi residents have destroyed about 5000 trees planted by Lapangap village on a hill called Lum Moopyrdet Pynthor Lapangap village under Shiliang Myntang District, West Jaintia Hills.
It also refers to the power that governs agriculture, trade, peace and so on.
Some of our fellow countrymen say that it really inspires us to love our country and nation when we sing this song 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi'
The State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) today criticized the Officer In-Charge (OC) of Mawryngkneng for his stinginess in the alleged rape of a child by a gang of robbers in Mawryngkneng. .
The Nigerians came from Bangladesh and smuggled into India through Tripura.
One can say I want this or that but we are here for the welfare of the people of the State.
If the MLAs keep their mouths shut, then their MLAship will be in vain.
Nongpoh: Senior leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) in Ri Bhoi District today arrived in Nongpoh to welcome Bah Donboklang Khymdeit, former MLA and President of Mawhati. The United Democratic Party (UDP) in Ri Bhoi District and also to welcome Kong Rona Khymdeit, former MDC Nongpoh, who have decided to join the NPP. Those who have joined the NPP, some of their followers who are also supporters of the Congress and UDP have joined the NPP. Prestone Tynsong, President of the NPP Meghalaya, in the presence of Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, National Vice-President of the NPP, Ampareen Lyngdoh, NPP MP Candidate from Shillong Seat, Sosthenes. Sohtun, Jirang MLA, Umroi MLA, Clement Mawlong, NPP President in Ri Bhoi and many others.
The 75th Anniversary Celebration of St. Marys College was concluded by the Governor in the presence of the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma as the chief guest, the Archbishop of Shillong Archdiocese. Rev Dominic Jala.
Speaking to media, Bah Lan Syngkli, said that the party cannot see that the people living in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, will continue to face problems throughout their lives, just because the road is too bad. Umdu to Umrit, which is also one of the most important roads for the people living in the area.
So I hope that in time this will be one of the best festivals not only in India but also in the world,” he said.
The meeting between DK Shivakumar and Bah Paul Lyngdoh also focused on the relationship between leaders from all over India.
“It is the fact that if there is any incident in any state, it is the duty of that state to find out who committed crimes and this is the incident that happened in our state. “If you don't have a CBI, why don't you investigate the cases in the state,” he said.
As soon as they were dancing, hugging, shaking hands, the plague would strike again.
From 2007 to 2010 he went to Rome, where he received his Licentiate in Missiology from the Pontifical Urban University.
Everyone welcomes this proposal if it is implemented after the end of the current MDC term,” said the CEM of KHADC. The PIL on this issue, which prompts the government to take action, is not justified.
In talks with the JACATAM office bearers, they confirmed that the strike will continue as announced as the government has not responded till date.
The BSF said that last night, the robbers had tried to smuggle these items to Bangladesh through the river but the BSF managed to seize them. to the equipment in the area.
Disparsing said that with the implementation of the Roster, the government will have to re-check all the files to find out whether the reservation policy is in accordance with the Reservation Policy and if there is no consensus, the government will have to take action. to appoint Garo or Khasi less in the office.
Thus, the plan to resolve the border with Assam has come to an end.
Dozens of small vehicles, which were received by the state government from the central government in the past, have been parked at the site. Obviously, these vehicles do not provide the services that should be provided to the people of the state.
“NESO expresses its deep sorrow over the bloodshed and six months have passed but peace has not returned to Manipur,” said a statement signed by Chairman Samuel Jyrwa and Secretary. General Mutsikhoyo Yhobu said, “This shows the stinginess of the Government of India to end this conflict in a proper manner and this has endangered human life and property especially the education of the people. children's books.
The award ceremony is part of the encouragement, promotion and recognition of the students who have passed well in the examinations of the academic session 2019-2
Initially, a taxi (ML 05K 4437) was seized in the Lower New Colony area and Debojit Ghosh was arrested. , 28 years old, Badonbok Marwein 28 years old, Ibapynhun Marwein 29 years old and Macdonald Khongmalai 26 years old.
However, as of Saturday morning, police had not received any information about the cause of the incident.
Friends, these words in the form of poetry are the words that Jesus used against a scribe who lied to Jesus by saying, “Lord, I will follow thee as long as thou art not. go.
In the match against Diamond Rock, coach Bobby Lyngdoh Nongbet replaced only one player with Babysunday Marngar in place of Amon Lepcha.
And in hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand;
Your child does not get 90 marks because the suitable subject for him is not available at school.
The chairs and tables will be purchased next year at a cost of T.30 lakh.
Shillong, Lber 27: The House Committee of Inquiry submitted to the House today showed that according to its findings, it has found it difficult to conclude its inquiry because it has said that it cannot. Welljune Syiemlieh, the former Secretary of KHADC, Bah Welljune Syiemlieh, has been investigated on four issues. Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and EM Antonio War and said that the work should be continued by the House and it is also necessary to convene an emergency meeting.
Fighting against the law is darkness.
The well-being of each family brings about the well-being of the community as a whole.
“Because there are several villages in Sohiong constituency from Rangshken Circle which still fall under Mawphlang, I went once to talk to the BDO and he sent me to Mawphlang. I don't know why, since I left Sohiong, there is no market like before.
Nongpoh: U FL Lalbiakhgenga, from Aizawl, Mizoram, has been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police while he was trying to return home from Shillong Airport to Aizwal Airport. , after the police recovered a round of ammunition from the bag he was using, which was recovered through a screening machine.
Nongpoh, July 12: After the residents of Raid Madan Kyrdem and other villages have been suffering from the deterioration of the road from Bhoirymbong to Kyrdem and other villages, The residents of the area are delighted to see the signs that the government will soon improve and paint the road.
To provide better services to the people of the region during times of natural disasters, the Army has deployed three more helicopters in the North East and One of these helicopters is made in India.
After the 23rd, you don't even know which party you go to. Your supporters have left you behind.
He urged other rebel groups including the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) and the HNLC to stop their violence but come forward to talk to the government.
This year, the Seng has also launched the theme “No to Drugs, Yes to Football”.
Speaking to reporters, Kyrmen Shylla said, “The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) is still in short supply of equipment to provide assistance to the victims of such incidents. They have the responsibility to provide training in these areas, so as not to cause any injury to those who go to help the victims.
She was about 5 feet tall and was wearing a blue sweater and a blue shawl, a blue shirt and a white headscarf.
“How much has the company paid the DC, and does the DC want us to reach the good of the night, or does he want us to shed blood,” said Fenry Khonglah, who is the head of the DC. B Bareh, a friend of B Bareh, who has been cheated of more than 2 crore 67 lakh tyngka through 3342 coal shallan cards from the company.
About 26 members of the KSU have been arrested during the protest against the construction of the railway line at Byrnhihat, Ri-Bhoi which started in June this year.
Bah Riangtem said that they will now wait for the government's reply on their request and if the government does not believe them, they will take action as announced.
Before that, the road from Baltal to Holy Cave was improved by the PWD (R&B) and the road from Chandanwari to Holy Cave was inspected by the Pahalgam Development Authority.
Please don't post on social media these great works of yours. It will be better in my opinion. It's true. and dkhar.
The training was conducted by Ma Cheku Aman Pariat, Senior Research Fellow, ARYA Project, KVK Jowai.
Regarding employment, he said that we should take advantage of the opportunity to get jobs through the assistance of the government such as the Ministry of Tourism and other other other.
On this occasion, Dr Sangma also distributed medicines to the residents, after instructing and explaining how they should take the medicines according to his findings as a doctor.
Migrant workers need decent housing in urban areas in addition to resources.
He said that these 28 centers are education centers which conduct schools in the evening hours. The purpose of these centers is to rehabilitate those children who have dropped out of school part-time.
He said that the CEM of KAAC has promised that the Council will cooperate with the KHADC to protect the Khasi residents of the villages in Block-II. Two vehicles carrying illegal drugs were seized from East Jaintia Hills on the morning of 15th November.
Sharaisuk Marpna scored 26 runs (not out).
During the raid, it was found that they did not have proper documents and the surprising thing is how did they get permission to try to enter South West Khasi Hills District at such a time.
On the other hand, CoMSO demands that the committee comprising MLAs from all parties, intellectuals like IAS, lawyers, scholars, civil society and political leaders has approved in 2012.
Rohit Yadav of Sohra Combine CC was named Player of the Match for three wickets in three overs.
It is understood that the purchase of medical equipment within the department has been going on for many years and the patients have been sacrificing tens of thousands and lakhs of rupees just for those stents. Pacemaker and others.
With the support of these five MDCs, only PN Syiem MDC Mawsynram and Grace Mary Kharpuri, MDC of Mawsynram, are left out of the list. Farmer.
New Delhi: The Russia-Ukraine war has sharply affected the price of petrol and diesel in recent days and the price of crude oil has risen to between $95 and $125 per barrel. The price of petrol and diesel is expected to rise between T.15 and T.22 per liter in the coming days.
A case has been registered against both the parties and police have arrested Ara Hajong on the complaint of Shimtilin Syiemiong that he shot her brother and his friend.
By providing the right opportunity, they can contribute significantly to the building of the nation.
“On the other hand, Bah Predecessor Rumnong said that he joined the Congress to support Bah PN Syiem because he sees that only the Congress can develop the state and the country as a whole. other.
The menu ends with desserts such as Caramelized Banana Cream Pie and Baked Rasogolla among others.
Documents to be attached to the application are Court fee Stamp Rs.14/-, resolution of the Dorbar Shnong, names of the members of the Vigilance Committee and their phone numbers, Epic Card. , Bank Account No (Xerox the front page of the pass book showing the names of Bank Accounts etc.), 2 Passport size photographs, Mobile Phone number, Bank Security Deposit Rs.5000/- (Three Thousand Rupees) and Aadhaar Number.
When God gives the Law or commands any household, He says or speaks through the Father (Shynrang), if you remember, the first Law which God commanded in the Garden of Eden. , he commanded Adam and not Eve.
Speaking on the market, the Sordar of Mawkdok, Bah Wallam Nongrum, said that in fact, the market has already been opened but it has not yet operated because the shutters are still being built. lynx.
Shri Raashid Alvi, Ex-MP, said this in a meeting with Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB. Khasi States.
Shillong: However, in a meeting with Samla Rapbor, he said that the Manager has informed that the appointment has been temporarily suspended after talking to the Chairman of MRB and the bank will have to sit down again. ia this work.
Ka Sur U Paidbah, East Jaintia Hills in order to alleviate the problem of this family has collected a donation from the residents of the area and those who are willing to donate, in which they have collected T.41,100/- and donated to this family. The family who suffered this fire on 5th October.
After the incident, Bah Clever Shadap, urged the people of the area and the state as a whole, to refrain from burning forest, as it not only affects the environment, but also the They also cause damage to households and especially to rural villages near the forests.
It is to be recalled that the origins of Christianity are from the Middle East which since ancient times has had its own customs, systems of government and its own religious practices.
Arya B. Nair, was found dead in bed, with her wrist cut off with a blade, while Devi B, was lying lyngkar on the floor with a mark on her neck. and in thy right hand.
Heibormi also told about the fighting which took place on 20th July 1862 which was known as the “Jaintia War”. Jowai was also burnt and destroyed on 23rd July 1862. He recalled that when the fighting intensified, on 4th June 1862, the troops came to Shangpung village where it appeared. The protest by the people of the Elaka in parts of Shangpung village under the leadership of Kiri Dhar against the government authorities.
The spacecraft weighs 2.4 tonnes (5,300 pounds) and will orbit the moon for a year.
Water itself will be the biggest problem facing the state.
Samedonhi Sukhalin scored the second goal in the 43rd minute and Phahmonmi Rupai in the 45th minute.
In addition to the fine, Kansal has 104 lawyer friends, who have contributed 50 rupees to raise the fine.
In the Under 17 category, Joel Gatphoh Memorial Sec School won the title in the women's category. They beat DHS Roy by 2 goals to
The sharddha ceremony will be held at Mawprem on the 6th of November from 1 pm.
At the same time, he said that the demand for ILP means to repeal the CAA so that it will not come into force in the state.
Jowai, March 04: Nartiang is one of the villages in Khasi Jaintia Hills which is still celebrating the Durga Puja of the Pnar (Hindu) which has been held since ancient times at the temple of Nartiang. Durga 'Maa Jayantee Temple' is located in Nartiang.
Khliehriat, June 07 : The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, today announced the release of Midday Meal for Lower Primary and Upper Primary Schools under the Mid-Day Meal Scheme. The foodgrains are for the months of June and October 2023 and will be delivered to schools where no transportation fee is required.
A few minutes after the brief clash with the police, the ADM led the KSU leaders to the Addl.DC to discuss the matter.
The Government of Meghalaya should recognize the groups that still believe and hold the traditional religion because they have become very small in their own country in preserving the customs and traditions, the religion and the way of life. The Hynniew Trep Hynniew Basa people should be treated the same as the Khasi-Jaintia people who have converted to other religions.
He said that they will take this important decision at this meeting.
Those present at the meeting included the Chief Secretary, CMD and MeECL officials. The electricity department was appointed by Conrad's brother, James K Sangma. Weakness in the working methods of this department, especially the long hours of power outages across the state.
He said that for the police, earlier the age of appointment for AB Constables was 18 years while the minimum age for application was 21 years. also because of the demands of the job – to be physically fit.
On the NPP side, Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC of Sohryngkham, Victor Ranee MDC of Jirang, Rangkynsai Kharbuki MDC of Umroi and Mitchel Wankhar MDC of Laban Mawprem.
There is another area where Satan does not want us to grow in these areas we have discussed above.
According to the Minister, the agreement with M/s Lessly Shylla is to be completed by November 2020 and after that, the company will operate for 33 years with payment to the government according to the agreement.
Memorial HSS, BBC Secondary School Steplanglur, Rev. JJM Nichol's Roy SS and BPL S.S. The meeting will be held at Mawkadiang Village Square, West Khasi Hills on Tuesday from 8 pm.
The cost of the state government for the supply of electricity will be T.1,300 per month.
The Congress leaders admitted that Rs 16 crore has been released to the rebel groups and admitted that this is a violation of the Models Code of Conduct.
Such people should be expelled from the country.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Upper Shillong Circle today at 1:30 pm arrested three foreigners from 3mer Upper Shillong. blankets are not carried in hand.
There are several public places like Polo area, where police have also arrested dozens of drug users as well as dealers.
However, on this issue, we see that the people of Delhi, have changed their minds a little bit, in which they have rejected the insulting and insulting actions of the BJP leaders, they have rejected the words leit khroh. Hundreds of MPs and Ministers of the Indian government have voted for the AAP, which is a small party with power only in the state.
Even today, due to the lack of compliance with the law, many people build houses until they don't have a place even to throw away the rotten garbage.
The Joint Director said that due to the conflict with the Assembly elections held on 27th June, 2023, the SSLC examination has been postponed to 3rd October, He said that in the SSLC examination in 2023, there will be 5925 fewer students than in The Covid-19 pandemic has severely affected the education of school children across the state.
Ummulong Presbyterian HS School has won the tournament.
In the past few months, the residents have had to face darkness and lack of electricity for many days and until now the electricity supply is not sufficient.
Those who did not pray now know how to pray. 4) He converts the righteous:- There are people who feel righteous and holy.
Keep your teeth, teeth, ears, face and hair clean.
In the second half, Nangkiew Irat took the lead with Banshanlang Nongdhar's first goal in the 16th minute. then call.
JOWAI: After the rape and murder of a three-year-old child in Iooksi; KSU Laskeiñ Circle has held a rally to condemn Dawanbiang Langstang, who is accused of committing this crime.
Secondly, Shillong should be an inclusive city.
The DEO said that just having an Elector's Photo Identity Card (EPIC) does not mean that they have their names on the Electoral Roll.
The nine new priests include Fr. Wanlambok Lyngdoh of Good Shepherd Parish, Jongksha, Fr. Abialstar Kharsohtun of SDB of St. Mary's Parish, Mawpat, Fr. Donboklang Dohling of St. Joseph Parish, Mawkhar, Fr. Mercy Parish, Mawryngkneng, Fr.Alphonse Lyngkhoi of St Dominic Savio Church Parish Mawlai, Fr.M.Pyndapboklang Sohkhlet of Church of Resurrection Parish Pynursla, Fr Wadbhabantei Wahlang of St.Francis Xavier's Church Parish Mawryngkneng St'Joiph, Fr. Church Parish Saturday, Fr.Protasius Syngkli and St Paul's Parish Mawlasnai.
Well, it’s a decision-making process that requires a lot of consent.
On the other hand, the MLA also handed over two work orders including the improvement of the dorbar hall worth Rs 1 lakh and the construction of a VIP Gallery worth Rs 1.5 lakh. Organization in the village which was also witnessed by the village leaders, women and the people of the village.
Shillong, June 28: Students of the North Eastern Hills University Students Union (NEHUSU) have staged a sudden protest against the NEHU authorities alleging that they have not done anything wrong. eiei the matters of demand that they have discussed for a long time.
This is also the time for the residents of the state to political parties, various groups and also those who live in the area to cooperate with the government so that the plan to evict them from the area. the land will be fertile and will be finished faster.
The couple also got married at Loktak Lak, where they will get married on Tuesday the 29th.
The 2023 borrowing is the second largest since India's independence and a similar borrowing was reported in where it reached 6.7 percent.
In the women's category, there are only 35 teams and will be divided into 6 groups.
Shillong: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has decided to contest the 2019 MDC elections, according to a statement issued by the party Secretary Wonder Lapang.
The Central Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has discussed eight issues and has not submitted its opinion to the committee headed by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh. on Reservation Policy and Roster System.
Surjewala also demanded that petrol and diesel should be implemented together with the GST so that the people will not suffer.
Let this upcoming election be the beginning of a change in the way we elect legislators, so that we can break away from the unemployed, and allow leaders who are truly intelligent, intelligent and They have brought great pride to the constituency when they speak in the Legislative Assembly of the State.
Members of the Jain Community Shillong distributed food items to about 400 people on this day as part of the celebration of Bihu and Bengali New Year.
In this incident, the driver of the truck was injured and the farmers and residents who witnessed the incident, rushed to help take them to hospital. .
Satnam, who built HPL meters, has not been approved by the Central Government.
Shillong: There have been 650 new cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya today.
The ancients taught us how to observe the seasons, how to plant seeds and how to respect nature.
He said that besides Bah Hek, other candidates include Dr Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait, former BJP President Ernest Mawrie, BJYM President Mewaker Lyngdoh and Sumitra Laloo.
The relationship between the two parties has started since that time and the allegations during the elections are just a drama to mislead the public.
First, the rainy season begins in October and continues until the end of November.
In the Finance Bill 2021, the government has announced the tax distinction between local cigarettes, e-cigarettes and HTP but this distinction has not applied to the ban on e-cigarettes.
He said that the price of textbooks should not increase and he has not received exact information on this, but he said that the price of textbooks should not increase from the stipulated price.
“The state develops if it has the financial strength and skills to manage it, but this government does not have these,” he said.
Shillong, July 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, has denied the allegation by Purno A Sangma that he is the chairman of all the political parties in Garo Hills.
He said that he used to tell the leaders in Delhi that if the state does not grow, don't expect the country to grow.
Shillong: The Secretary to the Meghalaya Government in charge of Animal Husbandry, Dr C Manjunatha, today said that the Meghalaya Government will purchase 100 breeding pigs from England to breed them in Meghalaya.
Shillong: Several groups have circulated an old article posted on the Twitter account of DD News Shilong stating that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has announced a second curfew. on Monday and Tuesday in Shillong.
If I ask him to help me make it far away, he says, 'Go ahead and come back one day when I can't find you.
For faith is not the word of God, but the will of God (1 Corinthians 1:21).
More than 10 months ago, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has announced to upgrade the Mairang Civil Sub Division to a full fledged district.
The reason for the union's concern is that this is the only road where the people of the area have the opportunity to walk, stand and earn a living. The authorities have requested the authorities to do their best according to the notification of the government since 2019/28/June which has enforced under section 144 Crpc that vehicles passing through this bridge should not exceed the speed limit. weight of 9 tons and they should not move 3 or 4 heavy vehicles at the same time.
Among the speakers, one of the members of the new ruling party in KHADC, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, criticized the ARPA for the change of leadership of its members. the shepherd shall take care of his sheep.
The public has also been directed to confirm any phone calls regarding the arrival of items without sending them.
The incident occurred only after the Khasi-Pnar people went to plant tree seedlings in Loom Moopyrdet and Loom Pdeinphniar under Lapangap.
On the 15th of January, he could not find her and when he asked the nurses, they told him that his wife was dead.
Meanwhile, the bomb squad and the bomb squad have gone to the Meghalaya High Court to search for the bomb.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) through its Sports Cell under the leadership of Sports Secretary Bah Franky Kharumnuid on Thursday visited both the football grounds, the 1st Ground of SSA and Madan JN. Stadium.
The Indian government has estimated that 10,025 people have been infected with H1N1 this year, the highest number in previous years.
She said that she was afraid to fly, to touch the plane, until the driver called her to try. scared, but it's good that we tried," Cox's said of the driver's learning schedule.
The prices of jhur have increased by hundreds of rupees, making it very difficult for the people of Guwahati to buy.
He said that the drugs are worth T.1 crore while the drugs are worth T.1,000 each and cost about T.2 crore.
Mawkyrwat, November 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Rangthong Unit on Tuesday awarded awards to 36 students for their excellent performance. The meeting was held at the Community Hall of Rangthong Village.
The Regional Committee of West Jaintia Hills District has started its phase 2 meeting to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
About 20 kilos of niangphlang were brought for sale at the festival and this was brought by members of 16 Self Help Groups (SHGs) who participated in the festival as part of the festival. improve their incomes.
After independence, India adopted democracy.
He said that those arrested by the Assam police came in the morning because they were returning from the fields with rice, and were arrested in the morning.
The money was allocated for the benefit of the people but it did not reach the Shilong Municipal Board.
During his visit, the MLA donated financial assistance to the families affected by the earthquake on 4th June, 2022 in which two people lost their lives. .
“Both the residents of Meghalaya and Assam will have a sense of confidence and we promise that both the states will resolve their differences, border disputes in the spirit of maintaining friendship between the people of Meghalaya and Assam. " said Himanta.
About half an hour later, my father came from a business trip.
To what extent has Meghalaya been able to reduce this problem and the lack of training for teachers has now become equal to Mount Makashang or the Himalayas.
Shillong: U Bah PN Syiem, former Chief Executive Member of Khasi District Council and current CEM of Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah, in an interview with Rupang, said that he is deeply saddened by the incident. Mukul Sangma has introduced the Name Registration Act, which aims to cancel the MLAs who are MDCs at the same time.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: While raiding the illegal liquor shops of the villagers, who have violated the village rules, the VDP Shnongs have encountered the Chief Superintendent of Police of Assam at one of the village shops. illegal liquor stores.
When attempting to investigate, no exact information was received, but some said that the quarry was smuggled to Bangladesh.
“You see, on that day, Bah Let was shocked, maybe he wasn't well prepared or didn't know the rules of such things.
Honstar Sari was elected president, Kampher Mynsong vice president, Kolas Ryngkhlem secretary, Leaderwel Suting assistant secretary, Obinroi Mukhim finance secretary, Kynsailang Passah treasurer, sport secretary Dane Mynsong, education secretary Sambor Khynriam, organizing secretary. Biam, Public Secretary of Pyrshangki Sale.
The motion was brought by Paul Lyngdoh in the House and while Paul Lyngdoh was speaking, Pynshngain N Syiem MLA of Congress from Mawsynram who is also the CEM of KHADC entered the House. , but as soon as Bah Pynshngaiñ entered, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit left the House and disappeared.
Shillong, Naitung, 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today said that the Government has taken many measures to ensure that the service to the people will be provided in every department of the Government.
In many cases, the power supply to these mobile homes has been cut off and a generator has been taken from the area where the mobile home is located and placed in a gurudwara.
With the approval of Venkaiah Naidu, Speaker of the House, the bill was passed by the House with 125 votes in favor and 61 against. has passed the bill to repeal Article
“If blood flows on the ground, it will not be for the sake of the country and the Khasi people,” said the leaders of the parties.
Donny van de Beek scored for Ajax in the 34th minute, Mathis de Ligt in the 67th minute and Cristiano Ronaldo for Juventus. in the 28th minute.
Pastor Conville also urged the people to make the right decision to choose for themselves whom they will elect and whom they will serve, because in heaven there is only one way to choose. Many people are led astray by wealth, and God does not approve and accept those people who give to His work through unrighteous money, by hating to get food. sap sap is not the end of the day.
“We appreciate the speech of MR and Symbud MLA Nongstoiñ on 7th July 2019 at the meeting in Nongstoiñ that we should own the land in this beloved country, to own the nation is self-government. “We request the MLA and MDC of the area to take action because if Siejlieh village does not own the factories in Mawiaban, we have already lost the right to own the factories,” said the leader.
During the swearing-in ceremony of the newly elected MDCs, security forces were deployed to ensure that there would be no incident.
The Medical XI scored nine goals.
Not only that, the deterioration of this road has also affected the health and cleanliness of the villages along this road due to the pum pum which has spread to the houses. the houses of the houses that are along this road.
Another reason is that the miners feel that the price set for the transportation of coal is not profitable for them.
There are also many other parts about it which have not appeared in any book yet.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) will hold a meeting on the 8th of this month at 11 am at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
However, this psalm 22 is different from other psalms, because it contains prophetic parables as prophets of something to come and what will happen later.
Hasina was shocked to learn that her husband had arrived in Shillong on Tuesday and wanted to bring him back. documents required when traveling outside the country, such as VISA she did not get to come see her husband.
He thinks very seriously about the marriage partner in his household because he sees that sometimes the marriage partners come to improve or sometimes to destroy and destroy the 'foreign parent'
He said that they demand that the current Governing Body should be abolished and a new Governing Body should be appointed to bring about order and the Service Rule 2018 should be repealed.
When the skum is ripe, it should be covered with plastic bags or knives about 3 inches thick. The seeds should be sown and covered. ar and sow the seeds again until four layers and cover tightly with plastic.
The legs, on the head and legs, appear white during the rainy season, and during the dry season, this whiteness is less and seems to spread to the legs.
He said that the demand that the state should fall under Article 371 of India which he spoke about when he was in the HSPDP, will be introduced because this is the stieh to protect the rights of the indigenous people. and that the laws of the Government of India cannot come into force without the approval of the Assembly.
Therefore, to bring about the transparency of getting the right candidate for the MDC election, it is the responsibility of the Election Committee to improve it until the State Election Committee announces it publicly.
The High Court has ordered that after submitting the report of the tribes as issued in the earlier order, the state government should send it to the central government for notification and receipt. and to inform that those communities or communities are minorities and to ensure that those communities or communities should receive the benefits that they should receive from the State and Central Governments. .
Lyngkhoi said he came out in a hurry to contest this election because of the backwardness of Mawthadraishan constituency.
“Bah Ardent should practice what he preaches and stop misleading the peace loving people with his corrupt political tactics,” he said.
Bah C Pohlong, Returning Officer, said that after the election of the Syiem, a report will be sent to the next meeting of the Council. The Council will hand over the document to Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to introduce an amendment to the Christian Marriage Registration Form.
In the last session, the Congress was led by Mallikarjun Kharge in the Lok Sabha, but this time Kharge lost the Gulbarga election in Karnataka, his first defeat. He has won nine terms as an MLA and two terms as a Lok Sabha member.
In Sohra, no rainfall was received today, while yesterday, it was 9.6mm and in Umiam, it was 3.2mm today, while yesterday it reached 60.2mm.
This came after the government authorities received information about the refusal of shopkeepers, market vendors and shopkeepers to accept these 10 tyngkat nar notes in the district. against the rules of law and caused disturbance and anger among many people.
The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday said that the MDA government has done well in recent years and this has attracted other parties. Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said, “The opposition MLAs like the Trinamool Congress (TMC) and the Congress party, if they don't see the strength, why should they? I don't want to join the NPP party”.
He said that in fact, the government should have released the GST in November but as the government is still asking for time to implement the GST, it has had to delay it because they have to meet the requirements. When asked whether any MLAs have joined the NPP, not the BJP, Shibun said that even the NPP has not yet joined and we will see when the time comes.
Shillong, Nailar 29 : The Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills, Meghalaya and Kamrup, Assam on Monday decided to inspect the villages and areas in Langpih Sector after the end of the Synrai Dorbar. two states.
Police in Jiribam district (Manipur-Assam border) on the 17th of this month set fire to 450 byrni of kwai (tyrkhong) worth about T.1 lakh.
Last season's champions Mawlai SC will play against Shillong Lajong FC tomorrow at 3:15 pm.
This is the first time that the Football League of Kynshi Pyllun Village has been held in which all seven villages of Kynshi Pyllun have participated.
In the New Year he would leave his own temporary house on the farm and take one or two brothers to school.
“If it is a violation of the law, why are you allowed to file applications during the next election?” asked one MDC. The law said that there will be more clarity if the case is taken to court.
At this time of tragic incident in Mukroh West Jaintia Hills district, we are deeply saddened that three precious souls of our brothers and sisters have been killed. Assam police have been arrested.
They went to investigate and found that in a large box in which these glasses worth up to 50 lakh tyngka were placed.
He said that sometimes if you put your boats in the river in the morning, the boats are stolen by the Bangladeshis and it is difficult for you to send them back to Bangladesh because you have to pay money. they.
Replying to a question on whether there are any schools that are not yet authorized to implement the NEP, Prof. Shukla said, “Until now, the university has not received a reply regarding the letter sent to implement the NEP. The NEP and some colleges have expressed difficulties in implementing it.
Lamangkynsai Kharbuli, 14, is the son of Ïateilang Kharbuli, a resident of Lawsohtun Block V. He is currently studying in Class 9 at Kelian Memorial School, Malki.
Recently, Congress leader Dr Mukul Sangma has warned the MLAs that the defection to one could affect them like Martin M Danggo, who was defeated in the mid-term elections from Ranikor after he defected. He was defeated by the UDP candidate Pius Marwein.
"There are many places in Jammu & Kashmir and Ladakh which are the Switzerland of India which can compete for the title.
a certified Psychodramatist with 25 years of experience in working with those involved in many crimes, HIV/AIDS and mental health, and who has also been involved in working with UNICEF and WHO, Magdalene is also a member of the Board of Directors of the International Association of Group Psychotherapy and Group Processes and one of the founders of the Expressive Arts Therapy Association of India.
“I am not against the party but I am against the way the government works,” said Pynshngain.
The two women were identified as Primala Hajong and Rimi Bhadra, residents of Betgora village, Dangar, East Khasi Hills.
The President of the HYC West Khasi Hills, Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, said that the HYC urges the State Government to provide protection to these 10 villages of West Khasi Hills. This has happened to the people of West Khasi Hills.
Therefore, the Lapangap Dorbar Shnong and the KSU Lapangap and Khanduli-Umshangiar unit request the state government to talk to the Assam government to immediately stop the construction of this road.
The Golden Gloves award winner at the FIFA World Cup 2022 in Qatar has posted a video of the youngster on his Instagram page. that millions of people have witnessed this unique talent.
The robbers also burnt down a motorcycle and several bicycles of the Christians.
The event was attended by the fans of these seven teams in the presence of the office bearers of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee and the elders of the area.
In fact, Meghalaya should have met with the IPSC yesterday but due to the failure to meet the requirements, such as the medical test, the IPSC has now become the 16th school. u year to be excluded this year from this tournament.
Thus, the money was known from the child to the old man, the wise man and the foolish man.
“In the past, we used to grow many varieties but now we have turned more to piskot and it is the number one crop in the village,” he said.
The people have unanimously expressed their disapproval of the NPP-led government in Meghalaya, where the opposition has won both the parliamentary constituencies.
However, the need to have its own State University in fact should have been there since ancient times.
Shillong: As part of ensuring that the 39 villages in the Langpih Sector will fall under the second phase, to resolve the boundary between Assam and Meghalaya, the village leaders of the 39 villages who Rymbrai MDC Bajop Pynrope, Langpih, today submitted a petition to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong.
He said that this influx should not be the responsibility of one state in India but should be distributed to different states and this should be accepted.
Shillong: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has urged the parents of South West Khasi Hills District to be vigilant against sending children to stay at home even if it is not necessary. that sent bylla spirit.
In this regard, the party will hold a meeting to discuss how to deal with this neglect by the government and the people's leaders.
Shillong: Nine illegal crushers in Umtyrnga area have been seized after members of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) Ri Bhoi District inspected the road. day.
If they do not, they shall refuse to support any leader of that constituency which holds a meeting.
In Rambrai, RG Momin, an independent candidate, has won from Nongstoiñ. syndon to the NPP and time will tell.
The Deputy Commissioner also issued a notification to set up a District Incident Response Team to investigate and take necessary action in case of damage caused by natural disasters.
The highest expenditure in 2022-23 includes revenue expenditure of T.14,864 crore followed by cash expenditure of T.2,742 crore.
“Explaining the 128 (I) AD Rule, which states that any person who can vote in the District Council must be a citizen of India, must have reached the age of 18 years. , must be in good health and mental health, must not be a person convicted of a court or any law, and even if he is not a Khasi but a citizen village you have lived for 12 years.
Under the 15th Finance Commission, the Central Government has allocated T 150 crore to Meghalaya to strengthen Sub Centers and Health and Wellness Centres.
Besides making wine from Sohshan, we have now started making other types of wine from other soh after we have received the license from the Government,” she said.
Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Giri Prasad, said that on Thursday at 11.30 pm, police seized a Maruti 800 (AS 01Z-8 Two suspected drug traffickers were arrested with suspected heroin weighing 45.31 grams.
While eating together from the same plate, it looks too stupid to blame.
He said the Government of India has implemented many special schemes to assist the citizens of the country including PBJBY, PMSBY, APY and National Pension Schemes and other schemes. it is the duty of the citizens to take advantage of it so that they can benefit.
Alia Bhatt has become the first Indian model to be appointed as the spokesperson for Gucci.
“It is not pleasant to accept such requests.
Dr. Don said that the unity of the ethnic parties has been strengthened in this election rather than going their own way.
Speak clearly about who the Sengbhalang is, why don't you keep it secret?
About 400 residents from the border area attended the program who benefited from medicines and free treatment by doctors of the army along with members from the Civil Hospital Ampati, Tura.
“The Prime Minister has a lot of trust from the farmers.
Ram Nath Kovind, when he was Governor of Bihar, sent an inquiry against Mewalal Choudhary in 2017 and found that the allegations against him were true.
The article, published in the newspaper, was reportedly tipped off by a former Facebook employee.
Please don't allow this because all the shops in Shillong cannot be controlled by the KHADC. Why do the paradohs have to take permission to close down the fish farm because it doesn't benefit the people.
Why do I say this, because according to the Notification of April 13, 1951, Mukroh Village and their area still fall completely within the boundary of Meghalaya and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
Tennydard, who appealed against Mukul Sangma's Scheduled Tribe status, was involved in the trial for allegedly collaborating with Deborah to win her election. Jonathan N Sangma, an independent candidate, has filed a complaint against Deborah, alleging that Deborah has used tricks to win the election.
“The cost of the meeting will not exceed T.50,000 if you pay the hall fee, food fee, baisha, but to say more than T.2 lakh is unbelievable and a lie. “It's a good idea for the people,” said James Sylliang.
Bah Sumar is also one of the senior leaders of the Seng Khasi Sengkmie, where he leads the annual climb of Lum Sohpetbneng, known as the “Kiew Pyneh rngiew”. ".
Vivek Bynroi 35kg Male
“Those who sell plastic should keep a register in their shops and the public should buy plastic only from them and those who violate the law will be fined T.1 lakh and imprisoned for seven months. ", said Mr. Kharkrang.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the government will set up a team of leaders and they will divide the state into zones to look after the availability of health facilities.
These places could be released in the first month of June, Naik said.
He said that they had eaten together all three members of the household, four adults and one child.
Because only the intellectual power can change the decisions of the government through the table of dialogue.
To develop policies and procedures that are clear and respectful of human life.
New Delhi: The Class 12 examinations conducted by the CBSE have been postponed this year due to the outbreak of covid-1
Speaking to reporters, Conrad denied the claims of the opposition members that the state will be filled with funds.
One of the award winners, Bah Charstarwell Rynjah, said that it is a great honor for him that the Association has selected his name for the award. from this area.
“The blame lies with the government which has come and gone for 49 years for their inability to solve all the problems and therefore we call this day the day of sorrow, because the inability and inability of the government to introduce the National Security Act.
The incident happened at about 2 pm at Jyntru village on National Highway 6, Ri Bhoi District on 29th June.
This is a good hope for the people who want to speed up the work and to avoid any delays or being cheated even for a small job by the government officers.
And there is another reason why we humans earn money, is that we do other things that we don't understand and don't know what will happen to us later, and the actions of these people lead to problems that This is a great problem for us Khasi people, and this is a great problem for our Khasi country as a whole, as we see now many Sengbhalang are struggling to improve. I don't know why, but I don't know why, but I don't know why, but I don't know why. , to do, here you see those people, these people have knowledge and sit on thrones, and rule over us small and rich, these people feel that they will escape if They do this because they have wealth and knowledge, but they don't know that they too will suffer the same fate as the poor and the rich, because they are from them. There are troubles and sufferings, we are small, rich, poor, happy, we will be enslaved, but we will escape, because we have wealth, we can go and live around the world. They are happy, but the trouble and suffering is more than us, because while they are in their own country and in their own country and nation, they get everything they want and they are the rulers of the country and the nation, and have various ranks, and sit on thrones, and work only by holding a sword.
At that time, it was reported that the Paduh said that he would go to look for himself and his wife but the parents of the children did not allow and said that they should go together. Later, he took them to the place where he had broken the children and found that they had been shot and told the story of the incident.
Jammu & Kashmir police on Tuesday arrested a drug dealer and seized a bag of poppy flowers in Srinagar.
The Secretary said that the increasing protests have affected many people and also affected the income of the JHADC in terms of daily revenue collection.
Various Governments from single governments to coalition governments have emerged and moved like the four ages of our human life.
The MP said the Trinamool Congress will continue to fight for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya and the recognition of the Khasi language in Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
Bah Pynïaid said that the visit to Ïewduh was to understand the peace and order as complaints have been received that many crimes happen in the market including theft.
? " he asked her while he was eating.
He said that although police are awaiting the post mortem report, according to the signs, the girl died of head injuries as there were no signs in other parts of her body. The body was suspected to have been killed in the house and buried at Ryndang Brief, Mawiongrim.
Police of East Khasi Hills District have identified the robbers who burnt down vehicles at Laitumkhrah Police Station in a clash between two groups which took place at midnight on Thursday.
The purpose of the MUCF is to strengthen the kingdom of God as well as to strengthen the Christian faith and the teachings of the Bible and the welfare of Christians.
The Chairman of the Commission requested that the candidates should not misunderstand that the examination will continue tomorrow as scheduled.
However, the HSPDP has not yet decided and is urging them to wait before leaving.
When asked, Bah Hek admitted that the BJP has not done well in the last MLA elections because in Meghalaya the people vote for the candidate and not the party.
“From 2019, the State Government has already recognized that the District Council will have its own authority to issue building permits on land other than those under the State Government. Building ByeLaw 2021 appears exactly in the front section of the Gazette except in the pages, which later without saying anything to the KHADC authorities,” he added.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the department is preparing to submit a letter to the Cabinet meeting to find a way to Shillong Medical College (SMC) is the best place to work.
“It may be that you, whose neighbors don't call you bapli anymore, maybe you have your own understanding of it.
Because of his selfishness and selfishness, even Bah Let, the Rangbah Shnong, trusted him.
On 24th October, the State Government has appointed three Regional Committees to look into the border issues and to submit their reports with those villages and areas where there is a dispute between the Meghalaya and Assam.
He urged the Rangbah Shnongs and religious leaders not to take sides during the elections as this will affect the peace and order in the villages.
“The word Christian has become more valuable to you now than it was decades ago and when you become a Christian it is very different from word to deed,” said Bruton.
Through this article I urge and invite all the citizens and fellow countrymen who believe in the foundation to earn righteousness and eat from the ground, shall we allow corruption and discrimination to destroy the foundation type of person? Is the acquisition of our own State so expensive? That it will simply be turned into a home base or a fortress of corruption and sophistication? A great duty and responsibility lies before us to immediately abolish the myth that those in power can do whatever they want and only those who have the wealth can and have the right to be leaders or rulers.
We know that the increase in the number of cars started when banks started lending money to people to buy cars.
East Khasi Hills has 65 cases, RI Bhoi 3, West Garo Hills 6 and East Jaintia Hills District
The tournament was inaugurated by the Minister of State for Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri at a function held at SAI, NEHU Campus Shillong in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah. DGP Meghalaya Dr. LR Bishnoi, Prof. DK Nayak Acting Vice Chancellor NEHU including the athletes and sports managers.
This has been very expensive because the foreign pylleng is sold at a high price of T.210 per tray.
The VDP Shnong Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Chnong requests everyone to cooperate for the sake of peace and order in the village.
Use your talent to the fullest, whether it is in the field of singing or other talents you have.
The SP and DC of Ri Bhoi and East Khasi Hills districts also held a meeting with other officers from various departments at the Secretariat on Tuesday to discuss the smooth running of the festival.
In addition to those languages ​​that already exist from all over the villages, there are also languages ​​that can be created by combining two or three words to create one language that is meaningful, clean and short. to be able to write and write.
The struggle that Jesus Christ started is still alive and continues today.
She said he was also arrested in many of his cases and crimes.
Speaking at the meeting, he said, “In the mid-term elections, Kong Grace and I were candidates but now I am happy that we have been able to work together in the same party under the leadership of Conrad Sangma and Prestone Tynsong.
To monitor those people living with HIV/AIDS to continue their Antiretroviral Therapy Treatment (ART) in East Jaintia Hills District, the Lost to Follow Up project was launched on Tuesday. LFU) Tracking/ Tracing Drive.
Because he is jealous, he cannot allow himself to see that other political parties can do more than him,” said Bah Syiem.
Thus, in the midst of this new worldview, the Israelites reinterpreted the Puriskam of Southeast Asia, which Bible scholars mention in Genesis 1–11:• The Story of Creation The Earth (Gen.1) was founded on the Babylonian Enuma Elish.
Jowai: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Body (KSU Jaintia Hills District Body) on Tuesday held a meeting on the 23rd of this month under the leadership of Samla Morningstar Pasi. Concerned about the spread of the COVID-19 virus.
Meghalaya won its first silver medal in kayaking at the Khelo India Youth Games 2023 in Madhya Pradesh. Ian Vincent, Coach and Sheela Vincent, Manager, were awarded the prizes.
The truck, which was carrying coke, was on its way to Guwahati, but when it reached the area, which is a remote area, the truck collided with the truck. The road has turned to the other side of the road and has caused vehicles heading to Shillong to turn on the wrong side.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today took responsibility for the safety of the members of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) who will come to take part in the peace talks. you will not be able to do it.
Police of Khliehriat Police Station have seized the body and recovered the mobile phone of the child.
The insult of Bah Paul Lyngdoh to taxi drivers and those who pass only class 7/8/9 should be condemned.
Two of the deceased were elderly and one was a 16-year-old child.
Sometimes we see that because of the lack of food, there are many children who cannot afford to send their older children to work in the fields or send them to school halfway.
“If they continue to do this and if they arrest the members of the party, the party will not say anything but will show by their actions,” he said.
One is the house where you used to stay when you came to the village.
When you look at it, many households really need housing schemes.
He said the state government will not delay once it receives the allocation from the central government.
One of the deceased was identified as Nayan Phukan, a resident of Itakhuli, Ledo.
“Almost all the government ministers including the prime minister have rushed to Delhi for almost a month and should have brought it to prove their statement,” she said.
Jowai, Nailur 26 : Two brothers of Dame Phawa and Elut Phawa, residents of Mookymphad Mihmyntud, Musiaw, West Jaintia Hills District, today lodged an Ejahar at Jowai Police Station. of them in their dwelling.
Bah B Shadap said that the Forum's desire to appoint this young man is for the sake of promoting economic development in the constituency which still needs a lot of needs and shortcomings.
Coal India, Kirloskar Brothers, Odisha Fire Services Team, Indian Air Force and Indian Navy have not been able to provide assistance.
If it is a change for the better, we should accept it.
May God the Creator give you peace.
There is a Committee, which also includes the Kurs, which has already been formed.
On the other hand, he said that he has not committed any illegal act against the Constitution or the law. long is illegal he is quick to step down.
Sacred Heart Boys Higher Sec School, Mawlai Phudmuri
Furthermore, the Commission expresses its regret over the murder of a woman in Umbir and wants the law enforcement authorities to take action to investigate the incident.
At the same time, these buses will also be used for commuters to various workplaces and others as well.
"I don't want to elect anyone else to be the president of the party," Rahul Gandhi said.
“Genesis 6:3.
They said that according to the information they have received, there are many Gram Sevika posts available in every Block Development in East Khasi Hills but the surprising thing is that the government has not appointed them.
The delimitation committee shall formulate its own rules for its functioning and shall submit rules for the proposal of the delimitation bill for the information of the public.
One night on the 2nd of June, Bah Sokon had a separate meeting with his wife to discuss the matter of going to school.
Nongpoh: Following the order from the Urban Affairs Department to implement the 'Houses for Urban Poor', which have been built in Umbuda Village Nongpoh, the Nongpoh Town Authority has decided to implement the 'Houses for Urban Poor' The Committee has decided to implement and that is that in the 1st Phase only 44 Units will be released first and the remaining will be implemented later.
Naitung: The Office of the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District on 13th November 2023, has suspended the order issued on 1st July 2023, through order No P.15/1/2 /2022/45, on the non-movement of commercial vehicles in the area of ​​Kashari Point to Police Bazar and Motphran.
It also means that that person is strong enough to carry the lyngkor rangbah, he is ready for a job, a job.
Jowai, Nailur 08 : The U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
“On the findings of the inspection, he said he will inform the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Monday to inform the Minister of Water Resources that hundreds of crores are needed for the full protection. from the syllad to the umbah.
This stinginess of the authorities has caused difficulties to the public especially to the school children.
“When a person comes from Bangladesh or other countries he can claim to be an Indian but through Aadhar they cannot claim because the record of each person has already been kept to verify,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The HANM-Khliehriat Circle has urged the District Administration to dismiss 11 persons who have been appointed in the office of the Deputy Commissioner. East Jaintia Hills District has demanded that they should be dismissed before the DSC examination. The union has vowed that if the DC's office cannot dismiss these 11 candidates, At the same time, the DC has vowed that the DC should leave the district if the 11 employees cannot be removed. after.
“In his speech, Bah Hek said that the award he has received is not equal to the Padma Shri Award 2024 for Kong Silbi.
The NPP has sent all its leaders – from Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, Prime Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Government Ministers, MLAs and MDCs among others – to visit Sohiong and meet with the government. he said for Bah Samlin.
The Minister in charge of Urban Affairs said that he does not want to see any problems facing the farmers of the state as well as the people involved in the farmers.
The parking lot will accommodate 252 vehicles, 87 buses and 65 trucks.
Hundreds of supporters of other parties like Congress, HSPDP, NPP and PDF at a public meeting conducted by Bah B.Sohshang Sordar of Marngor Village on Tuesday. They came to the meeting to give their full support to Bah Polestar Nongsiej, the UDP candidate from Nongstoin.
“I am ready to help the farmers with their problems,” said Gadale.
He congratulated the winners and all the teams who came to take part in this tournament although they did not reach the goal but they will continue to work hard to have the spirit of competition so that one day they shall have victory.
The film will show the life of Bharat from the age of 20 to the age of 70 and will also show a part of Bharat's life during the independence of India. India and what you face as a commoner.
On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs said that he has ordered an investigation to start immediately into the clash between Khasi and foreigners in Ichamati in order to find out the truth.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 17: The Deputy Commissioner (Election) of South West Khasi Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday announced the title of Player of the Match. The election of the Leaders to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya will be held on the 27th June, 2023 and in order to ensure that the election is held in a fair and transparent manner, The Election Commission of India (ECI) has implemented the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) throughout the district.
The MPF has criticized the Congress MUA II government for not doing anything to maintain peace and order in the state.
This place can also be reached from many nearby villages of Lyngiong Hima.
The dress is not the same as the stai that you don't wear.
Meanwhile, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Education, Dr RC Laloo, said the department has received this and has appointed a committee of inquiry to examine the commercialization of schools.
The WTO requests to address this and not to issue wholesale licenses to foreigners.
However, the word khup has disappeared, even though the word inshi has disappeared. , but the cup was heavier because it had four shympriah kti.
Shillong, July 10: Mawphlang MLA Kennedy Khyriem has issued residence certificates to the residents of Shillong, Mawphlang MLA Kennedy Khyriem. from your constituency.
He said the police would soon arrest the suspects involved in the case.
We the children of the thousands and the residents of the village strongly oppose this.
The female volunteers sometimes sit in small rooms of two or three.
Ajit Pawar is the brother-in-law of NCP founder Sharad Pawar and was also the Leader of the Opposition before being sworn in as Symbud Myntri Rangbah on Sunday in the Eknath-led government. Legs.
Colds : Ensuring the presence of vitamin C is not a cure for colds, but it can reduce the effects of this disease.
The injured woman was taken to hospital and released after receiving treatment.
These juti shops have been able to open twice a day on Tuesdays and Saturdays from 9 AM to 5 PM and these shops have been selected by the Waheh Shnongs of different villages. .
He also thanked the government departments for their cooperation with the organization for the implementation of this assistance.
When asked by the Director General of Police, PJP Haneman, he said, “To believe is not a crime” but the law does not allow any crime. they shall not be offered as a sacrifice with the soul of man.
Therefore, everyone is urged to use the Khasi language which is not yet recognized by the State Government.
The number of cases of Covid-19 in India has risen to 77,266 in the past 24 hours.
It is up to us to think carefully so that there will be no racial differences.
The party also expressed its pride that the party is getting stronger and stronger with the passing of the days due to the joining of hundreds of youngsters.
“We have allowed them (KSU) to march in these areas,” said Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal.
The MCA has improved the roads, the planting of Bermuda Selection-1 grass, the fence, and the construction of dressing rooms for the players and managers.
Imat she will love me and love me too.
The newly opened market will be open once a month starting from today and will fall along with the rynghep market. There were 10 shops where the people were able to buy and sell.
Sources said that the house belongs to Durga Pourel and three people were inside the house at the time of the collapse. There were no injuries, even when the Mawheh fell into the house.
On this occasion, a briefing on the principles and objectives of the HFU was given by the President Commander Shangpliang.
In another development, the SP said that the WJHDEF has deployed a Mobile Medical Team (MMT) to treat the policemen around the Police Stations, Out Posts and Beat Houses. who did not have the opportunity to come to Jowai to fulfill their duty to bring peace and order in the district.
This was also just 3 months after he left to join the army.
191 new higher education institutions have been opened.
Leaders should take responsibility for the welfare of the state and the people and not create trouble.
Do you dare to say, I'm a Christian? It's not hidden, it's not revealed, Satan's footsteps;
During the inspection, it was found that there were 3 foreign contractors working in tiles, so the department immediately dismissed these contractors with a strong warning. I don't want to see any more of those who are still coming here.
In Mawkawir area, there is a fresh water source from the cremation wells, which tourists who have visited this area are shocked and amazed.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council, on Tuesday said that if the Governor does not approve the rules of the Council in the coming months, it will be up to the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia. , that he will not vote at all in the MP and MDC elections, which will be held next year.
In verse 9 it says, "Whose coming is according to the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Nartiang Unit has donated food items to 7 families who were affected by the natural disaster last month.
The newly constructed PA Sangma's Sports Complex in Tura, West Garo Hills has collapsed on the morning of July 22 after heavy rainfall. these few days in the state.
In addition, there are 19.47 crore voters between the ages of 20-2
The following is a news item, taken from the old issue of U Rupang, published on 4th March 2013 and published here as it is -Today suddenly appeared an unprecedented drama The opposition has suddenly turned to the Lamphang's desk to express its opposition to the rejection of the adjournment motion on the ILP by the opposition. .
If he still counts me as his wife, it's enough, but I'm still wearing sindoor in his name,” she said.
Bah Paul urged the women's organization to come forward to ensure that the name of the village will not be lost only because of drugs.
Knowledge of a variety of languages ​​will help children in completing their writings or assignments.
You're my son.
In the second half, both the teams did not lose hope but showed their ability to throw the ball or even try to score but they didn't. Their efforts did not succeed as they had planned and even at this minute until the end they did not manage to move.
The reason for these train changes is said to be due to the deterioration of the tracks.
Shillong: Although the state is still in the midst of the fight against Covid 19, in an incident which happened on Friday 20th June 2021, the body of a man was found He was arrested at the Government Forest near the main road at 7-Mer Upper Shillong.
“I'M WAITING FOR YOU TO SEE YOU, HOW YOU DO,” said an old man once.
However, until now, it has not succeeded and it has become like a burnt stick but it is not edible.
We need to be friends with everyone and our youth should fight and strive for that goal of change,” said Rakkam.
This was God's fulfillment of His promise and thus fulfilled the prophecy of the Prophet Jeremiah which said – “I will gather the remnant of my people out of all the countries whither I have driven them; bring it into their house, and they shall be fruitful and multiply.
Speaking on the newly introduced Roster System, Angela Rangad said that it is time to understand that for years, there has been discrimination, discrimination and recruitment only for They are relatives who are the reason why the promotion, transfer has been biased and people in government jobs are well aware of this.
He said that wearing the N-95 mask protects against infection and if worn properly it will prevent the spread of the disease.
The meeting also promoted the MDC of Jaiaw, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, as the Working President.
In the first half, the match ended in a 3-3 draw.
Therefore, the three organizations strongly condemn the misconduct of the MEPDCL Pynursla Sub Division office and urge the department to take action and fulfill its duties properly.
The people who rely on ration food items have faced many problems because they have not received enough kilos of rice, sugar, umphniang, pyaat and other items across the villages, urban and rural areas in Jaintia Hills.
In the quarter finals last month, PFR beat Sohryngkham SC 12-0 and Umphyrnai SC beat Rangdajied United 8-0
To clarify in detail the duties and responsibilities of Basan, Ministers, Lyngdohs, Longsan, Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong, Rangbah Dong, Youth Wing, Women's Wing, Kur Dorbar, Shnong Dorbar, Raid Dorbar and Dorbar. Province.
He said that the teachers have found it difficult to complete 80% of the subjects that should be taught, only during these two months which has led them to teach without any training. ability to fully engage students.
The Challenger Football Academy players, although they played well, didn't manage to score until the end of the first half.
The Minister said that the leaders of the Hmar and Kuki communities have requested him to raise these issues with the Central Government.
In the meeting with the Prime Minister at the Secretariat, Shillong, the MSOA also requested the government to create mechanisms to provide some of the remaining sports grounds such as Hockey, Integrated Shooting Range. , Equestrian, and Cycle Velodrome which have not yet been included in the draft Master Plan especially since the XXXIX National Games as it is now will not be held.
It is for this reason that the government has developed this blueprint to build multi-storey houses to accommodate these 342 households who will be relocated from Mawlong Market.
During the search, police seized a commercial taxi number ML-11 3594 with two persons inside the vehicle including the driver.
Adhoc schools from 1st July 2022 in Higher Secondary will receive Rs33000/month instead of Rs24000/, Secondary teachers Rs29000/ instead of Rs20000/, Upper Primary instead of Rs22000/ instead of Rs Primary Rs18000/ instead of Rs12000/ as well as science teachers and 4th teachers in SSA schools.
Shillong: Former Chief Minister and Adviser to the State Government, Bah DD Lapang has praised the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma for its ability to hold the meeting. peace and harmony in the state.
Pradip said that he had no other way to escape from the attack but he had to scream and shout for help when a woman with a stick in her hand. she came to tie these dogs and help him.
Without resolution, it would be wrong for Adelbert Nongrum to confirm himself as president.
This estimate of the MeECL department especially those post lights which have been damaged and burnt as well as the tyllai which have almost broken, will surely put us people in danger because they can collapse and break at any time. that the wind and the rain should not fall.
The KSU alleged that after investigating, it was found that these slasha farms have not been implemented properly as planned by the JHADC to benefit the people of Khanduli-Lapangap.
On the 15th March 2014, the Executive Engineer together with the Assistant Executive Engineer of Khliehriat Sub-Division, Khliehriat inspected the bridge.
The constituency division committee may not be implemented for 2014 as the constituency division committee set up by the KHADC will submit its report by the first month of November. The KHADC will have to discuss and after that the decision will be sent to the government whether it will accept it or not and this will take at least 10 months until the decision of the election is received. you have arrived.
“There are many rules and SOPs so it is not right to open the door, why do they hurry.
He said that the TMC in those years was strong only in West Bengal but in 2016 it was recognized by the Election Commission of India as the All India Trinamool Congress and has been able to spread across the country. even here in Meghalaya.
There have been 2,900 new cases of COVID-19 in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to 61,7
“Pynshngain also said that the 6th Schedule can be amended by referring to the incident in 1969 on the Trading Licence.
The UN estimates that about 1.5 million people have fled their homes since the beginning of the conflict between the two groups and many of these people have fled to countries. margin.
Tik Tok players will no longer be able to use the app.
The decision of the meeting was to give three months to the state government to implement their demand.
The chief guest who opened the celebration was the MLA of Sohiong, Bah Synsharlang Kupar Lyngdoh.
Dignitaries who attended the ceremony included MP Shillong Parliament and MPCC President Vincent H. Pala, Pynthorumkhrah MLA and Advisor to the MPCC. Chief Minister Alexander Laloo Hek, MDC Pynshngian N. Syiem, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, Samborlang Diengdoh, MLA candidate for the MLA election. to be next year.
In those days there was no money like today, the Khasi were very skilled and strong in the silver industry and they opened silver mining with other neighboring Dkhar people and earned a lot of money in the country. In this regard, there are still strong witnesses to prove the work of the ancients in Khasi-Jaintia.
Other constituencies such as North Shillong, East Shillong and West Shillong have turned out less than 65%.
“However, I am grateful to myself that before I leave KHNAM to go to others, I will make sure that I have laid the foundations”.
Whether it is in dress or speech.
In fact, they should have talked to Mukul Sangma as leaders to show the people that the service is not only through development schemes but to advocate for the welfare of the people and not just the ILP. and especially the increase in the price of beverages in the state.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Commander as President explained to the people of these two villages that the Hill Farmer Union is an organization of farmers and is an organization to look after the problems of farmers. farmers, in the absence of seeds, crop pests, natural disasters and other problems.
The second phase of the exhibition will continue from 5th to 14th October, 2021, and will feature four artists from Manipur, Nagaland, Mizoram, Tripura and Sikkim.
It’s now or never to escape the bloodshed.
Exercise strengthens the lungs not only strengthens the body, but also helps to prevent the spread of asthma.
This update means that the old OM will no longer work.
Hundreds of youths from different villages of Umden area came to participate in the awareness program organized by the Seng Samla.
We have heard many reports that these creatures die because they eat plastic.
Another bad habit of ours, especially in the rural areas, is the widespread deforestation.
The Minister said the Cabinet today has decided to sanction the posts for the Shillong Engineering College which will be operational from July this year.
The residents of this area have suffered greatly and have been affected in terms of their health and schools have been closed.
The surprise and unexpected victory of Bah Macmillan Byrsat, has shocked and shocked not only the people of the constituency, but also the supporters of the HSPDP and especially the supporters of the Congress party who have been waiting. hopeful and very close to success.
Daily work in this field can lead to diseases that spread from animals to humans.
Not only that, but the TMC has a goal to fight against the rule of law in the state, which has started since 2018, until as the days go by, the people are suffering and suffering. Whether it is income, trade, inheritance, employment and others, only those high levels have power.
The Bri u Hynniew Trep Hynniew Wasa has become smaller due to the invasion and crossing of borders by other ethnic groups.
On the other hand, the CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) said that he has directed the Interim Syiem of Nongspung Hima to inspect and the report should be submitted to the CEM. The KHADC will not accept the decision.
They started their strike this morning at 10 am and stayed all day until the opening of the special session of the Legislative Assembly convened by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma. to them to speak.
It is clear that the buses and taxis do serve the passengers who have lost confidence in private taxis earlier, but still there are places where government buses and taxis are not allowed to operate.
Donkin failed to bat first and scored 218 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 40 overs.
The four members of the HYC, were alleged to have shouted in front of the court during the trial of Bah Adelbert Nongrum and thus, they were accused of acting against the court. the High Court's decision.
Conrad K Sangma Chief Minister and the Education Department of the State Government have invited all those who work as Mid Day Meal or now the PM-POSHAN. Meghalaya, at a public meeting to be held on 21/03/2022 at 10:00 pm at Deva Kumar Hall, Sankar Dev College, Laban Shillong.
The Minister also appealed to the public not to misunderstand this, as it is not true news and said, “In fact, the Ministry has praised the department. PHE in the state has been able to implement this scheme well in the state”.
The Minister said that the Deputy Commissioners and various departments will join hands to look into the damage caused by the heavy rains in which there has also been a loss of lives.
Even in Meghalaya, whether it is rights, health, lifestyle and others, the Government of India has looked after all aspects.
All the injured were shifted to NEIGRIHMS hospital for treatment.
Firstbornson Thongni scored the first goal in the 20th minute for Wahkaji FC who also scored 1 goal against Myriem SC. on November 21, 2022.
It also shows the strength of the community and the cooperation that Courtyard by Marriott Shillong stands for, and we look forward to celebrating these happy celebrations with guests in the future. .
It has become exactly like that infectious disease which we need to treat immediately so that it does not spread throughout the Khasi Hills which is full of milk and honey.
On the same day, the APSTA Welfare Scheme was also distributed to 14 retired teachers at a cost of T.40,000/- each.
In the past decade, how many sportsmen have entered schools, colleges or universities? The management of sports activities and sports events in the State has declined significantly.
It is learned that the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, visited the site on the 26th of July. to unfurl the tricolor flag of India in Nongstoin to celebrate the Republic Day.
Speaking at a public meeting held at Byrnihat Square, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, NPP candidate from Jirang, strongly criticized those candidates who went to campaign for the election to the people. years of his MLAship, that he has not done anything for the Jirang constituency.
“Now many people say that as soon as they arrive in Jorabat, they are surprised to see the fly over roads that the Assam government has been able to build and how much the central government has invested in development works in Jorabat. this state is not marginal.
Furthermore, the JNC urges and warns the government not to play with the money of the people.
Noting that the Prime Minister has not done anything even though the protests have reached 104 days, she said that as the Prime Minister of India he has the power to suspend, monitor and monitor but until now even after 104 days. and he did nothing.
Although the First Ground has not been completed in the past few days, the All India Football Federation (AIFF) has announced that the workers of the stadium have started the work by working. Shillong Lajong's first match at home to complete 10 days before the start of the tournament.
Presbyteries shall determine their own times for meetings.
Therefore, the Committee urges the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam to cooperate and ensure that the perpetrators are found and that a fair trial is given,” said the statement. He said that Meghalaya is a state that includes all people of all religions and “We uphold the democratic provisions of the Constitution”.
Jowai, Nailar 05: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today attended the Silver Jubilee Celebration of Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai. The theme of the celebration is “The Journey: Gratitude and Hope”.
He said that in the past, especially in 1988, the people elected their leaders freely but in this era, they have been enslaved by the MLAs and MDCs. which teaches to be biased and to ignore the village leaders when any scheme comes to the villages.
“These people became citizens and started acting as citizens, on the one hand, which led to the emergence of many things," he said.
Inside the Sports Complex, which was built by the Kur Kharkamni, there is a basketball, badminton and cricket training ground. Four deceased Rangbah, Wisroy, Isroy, Rojes and Roming, who were the Rangbah of the Kur and who have passed away.
“May this Behdieñkhlam celebration of the thousands of children of Seiñraij Jowai be a successful one so that they can get health and improve their income and education. This is the first time in the history of the country that we have been able to eradicate the Covid-19 pandemic from our holy country and state. .
However, I say that the power does not lie with the High Levels, but with you the people who have elected them, so it is time to remove all these things”.
Yomiki Kharshandi was found alive but others were identified as Kyndaiborlang Kurbah of Kseh Mawnai, Banpeitlasng Marbaniang of Nongshken Mawdang and Welbokstar Sohlang of Kseh Mawnai. died hashen.
“We are working with the police to track down those involved in the robbery,” said Bah Kynsai.
Secondly, the government has failed in its work, as it has not come up with other ways to help these teachers, but has forced them to take to the streets.
However, the minister said that those who oppose the ministry may be the unions of the truck drivers because if the railway comes they will not earn well.
Shops in Iewduh and in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Syiem of Mylliem shall have other rules.
The EC under the leadership of Thombor Shiwat is the CEM JHADC through the Forest Department without waiting for the voice of the people and we demanded the cancellation of the approval process. The NOC of the Coke and if they don't wait, they will protest for the sake of the life and death of the people and the region.
In these villages, the counting of votes had to start for 10.30 hours.
The results of the MDC election today 2/3/1
He said the meeting was also to discuss and finalize the SOPs for reopening of religious places besides wedding ceremonies.
Because of the many complaints from the people, because of the unpleasant comments in the newspapers and other media about the PHE water from Mawphlang and because of the High Court's challenge on the PHE water from Mawphlang, Therefore, Bah SK Sun led the Engineers and they personally visited the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) at Mawphlang to find out all the facts, to resolve the issues, to resolve the problems and to find ways and means of overcoming difficulties.
Madhya Pradesh : The total number of voters in Madhya Pradesh has reached 5,61,36,229 (more than 5.61 crore).
Sarbha is the most prominent leader in the constituency and is also the frontrunner for the TMC ticket, but the ticket has gone to another person.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the head of Topcem said he did not know anything about this and no money has been donated to any political party in the state.
In fact, the people of Rambrai Jyrngam should have won one of these four candidates, regardless of whether he belongs to any party, except the BJP and NPP candidates, because they belong to the same household.
The musarkha said that if the troops continue to attack the area, these lines will have to take responsibility to raise the bailut baisep to fight on the area.
Today, roads have been flooded in many parts of Shillong.
These workers were employed in the past two or three months to dig wells in Khamaswadi and Wakharwadi villages under the jurisdiction of Dhoki Police Station in Osmanabad where they were tortured. said Assistant Police Inspector Jagdish Raut in an interview with reporters.
HDR's son Nathaniel said that the house belongs to his father, while he owns and manages the guest house. His father, who is the Minister of Home Affairs, said, “It is my responsibility, where does my father have time to look after them?” he asked.
Both the injured were seriously injured and S.Chetri was rushed to Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ for treatment while TR Sangma died of the incident. too much injury.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 20 new cases have been confirmed and 273 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
In this regard, we don't know much about his family life during his childhood because we met him when he was young.
When asked whether the party had offered me a ticket before joining the NPP, Bah HM Shangpliang said, “There is no truth that there was an arrangement to give me a ticket but on 13th November I have told everyone that I have joined the NPP without any conditions”.
Out of the 15,65,820 voters in both the states, 10,80,845 voters did not vote.
Cars earn, parking lots earn, shops earn, restaurants earn, hotels earn, vendors earn, theaters earn, builders and manufacturers earn and even the thwei, the valleys, the rivers, the creeks, the hills, the valleys, and the forests earn money.
In addition, there are also trains from Guwahati to Silchar which reduces the cost of travel compared to cars.
Isn't this what is called discrimination against the poor? The government servant gets treatment at the expense of the government, while the day laborer, the rural farmer does not! Isn’t the rural farmer indigenous to India? Has the MRP Rs10/- (inclusive of all taxes) been paid only by the government employees or by the rural farmers? Even among the government employees there is discrimination.
Satellite imagery shows that China has not stopped its major operations in the Galwan area, which falls on the Line of Actual Control (LAC) between the two countries. A large number of troops, tanks, vehicles with heavy bills, puh shiliang and house buildings were in progress in the area where the Indian troops and the Chinese army, on July 15,
Following the appointment of the Parliamentary Secretary, the Delhi government also wants to amend the Delhi Members of Legislative Assembly (Removal of Disqualification) Act,
This emergence of young people to seek education and families to seek medical treatment is no longer a new phenomenon but has happened since the independence of the State.
Mayralborn Syiem will be sworn in as Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) and Kimfa Marbaniang will be sworn in as Co-Chairman of the MGCC.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today visited Dr Donkupar Roy at his residence in Pine Mount Ridge. khlad without pat is por.
If this is the case, the target set by the government is that by 2020 all the citizens of the country should be able to read and write. The union has also decided to seek information through RTI on the implementation of this scheme in the district.
Even government ministers can no longer use light saws.
According to the leaders of the party, he was in good health and there was no complaint from him, but the entry and exit of the party was restricted and no one was allowed to enter and leave. Many were allowed to enter to see him, but only two or three were allowed.
KSU Wapung Unit President Deiniwan Lyngdoh, KSU EJHDU Finance Secretary Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Wapung Village Headmaster K Ryngkhlem, members and office bearers of KSU Wapung Unit were present on the occasion.
“Before taking oath, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) meeting with a strong message that the 543 MPs are from different constituencies and should work together.
At this competition, ISRO also had the opportunity to demonstrate the advancement of space technology.
On July 31, 1834, thousands of Negroes (now called Africans) gathered in the churches of the British West Indies with smiling faces and tears of joy over their liberation. slave.
The Seng said that NEHU should allow those involved in the implementation of the NEP 2020 to have the right to express their views.
Shillong: Four HNLC members, who were working as civilians, were arrested in connection with the IED bomb blast at the Police Reserve in East Jaintia Hills District.
The complainant said that this would not have happened if there had been no illegal mining of coal and there was also a system of operation in the management of coal.
They were rushed to Phillobari Model Hospital, Doomdooma First Referral Unit and Tinsukia Civil Hospital for treatment.
If it is difficult for the righteous to get their share of justice, how much more so for the disabled.
“There is no political party that cannot own any scheme implemented by the government in the state.
Speaking at the meeting, the MLA said that through these projects, it will bring many benefits for the development of the constituency.
(RGICL), India's leading insurance services company, has received authorization to implement the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) and Ayushman Phase 6 is the 6th phase of the AB-PMJAY in Meghalaya which has been approved by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya.
He said that many of the residents of the state want this work which has been suspended for 50 years to come to an end.
In the second half, Mulang Ialong opened the scoring through Nidaroi Mulieh in the 64th minute, by the end of the first half Mulang Ialong won 3-2
Shillong: The Meghalaya Youth Congress (MYC) has acknowledged that the implementation of the electricity distribution scheme for the poor has gone well in Garo Hills despite the target of completion by 31st November
It’s certainly a top-of-mind segment as Eicher has steadily expanded its vehicle sales and manufacturing facility setup, including more than 800 touchpoints or locations where customers can attend.
