This has prompted the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titos Chyne, to immediately oppose the claim of the Dy.CM, that the KHADC has not issued such a NOC. The Dy.CM, who has been an MLA for four terms, should have been subject to the Privilege Motion, which is contained in the Rules of the Assembly, otherwise it will become a precedent in the future. , because it will also cause a stir, that such an incident has happened in 2023 and has ended.
He said that through Prime Meghalaya, the state government has opened up all the opportunities, including the opportunities for private individuals to set up their own businesses.
The victims were first taken to CHC Byrnihat, but due to serious injuries, they were shifted to Guwahati Hospital and the driver of the bike died. I am not in Guwahati.
The team would like to thank all the participants, their supporters, who have supported us from time to time.
No one can oppose what has been passed by the government.
But what happened as the years went by? Human life is also going to the end of the ages.
Furthermore, the Association appealed to the public to support and join hands with them.
Sikkim media reported that it will take 2-3 days to clean the National Highway and after that vehicles will be allowed to travel as usual.
This company has not benefited the villagers but has only caused damage to the environment.
Shillong: U Bah Phrenly Kongwang, Sordar of Raid Mukertila, has sent his condolences on the passing away of Bah GS Massar, former MLA and MDC of Nongshken Constituency.
After three days, the woman took her husband to her mother's house.
In their opening match, Qatar beat Ecuador 2-0 and today they beat Senegal 2-1
“Should doctors do that when people come for treatment, why don't they have the means to make arrangements when there is an urgent need in such cases?” he asked.
Angelisa Pale- BSc first class, 14.
The BJP Meghalaya has appointed workers in the state to go to every household in the districts of the state to seek information from the beneficiaries.
“In the 2018 election, I have been able to convince the people for them and they have shown me the trust which has encouraged me to contest the election. “As the saying goes, they are the people we can trust,” he said.
In the meeting with the DHO, he sent the forms and the farmers did so to collect the farmers from each village.
Shillong, June 5: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) has conducted a special training program on how to know the PWD Act 1995 and the schemes allocated to it. by the government for persons with disabilities.
If we don't support our own, who else will? We used to say that we should be proud of our own and respect that of others.
The political parties are doing politics for their own benefit as a party and not for the benefit of the people of the State.
Speaking to media, the North Shillong MLA said that even though he is with the government, he doesn't want to listen and watch the work done by the government. be ready to speak the voice of the people for their welfare.
“O Syiem, Lyngdohs and Ministers of the Hima Office, please set up barriers for this Nongstoiñ market, not to leave it alone so that drug users can become the attackers of the market dwellers. happened recently".
Assistant General Secretary- Kyrshan Sari.
Today, u Lahkmen visited the Chyrmang-Iongnoh road which has been cut off due to heavy rain.
A seminar on the theme, “The Contribution of Khasi Poets in the Thiar of Music” will be held at Mairang.
The tournament was organized by the Assam Rifles in collaboration with the Meghalaya Football Association.
Jowai, November 28: The Minister of Unit (EJHD) under the leadership of Iamaon Lapasam as President of the Unit, on 24th November 2013, has arrested three foreign nationals who could not prove their identity. their Indian identity.
Speaking to reporters, Bah KC Nongrum said that in collaboration with the MLA of the area, he came to inspect the road and found that the road is damaged. He said that he will do whatever is necessary for the road through the Repair Fund and if it becomes more serious, the office will submit a report to the authorities. that they should look into and also to impose sanctions.
The reporters also met with the Minister of District Council Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh to talk to him about the appointment of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. The case is still pending in the court and the final decision will be taken by the court and he did not want to comment on the matter.
On this occasion, Bah Ardent also asked for the decision of the people if the party goes ahead to demand a change in the policy and it was seen that hundreds of people have given their support. that the VPP will continue to work on this issue.
Speaking to reporters, SP City Steve Rynjah said that the suspects are from Ri-Bhoi and Assam and police are searching for one of them. who is the author of this work known as Malik.
Shillong: The Congress Legislative Party (NC) today held a meeting to discuss the issues to be raised in the Legislative Assembly which will start on 5th November
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Association of Resource Persons of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan-Meghalaya (ARPSSA-M) has appealed to the state government to increase the salaries of its teachers from 1st June.
FR Kharkongor said that no one is allowed to carry more than T.50,000 while the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) is in force.
“Doesn't he as a leader see this and how dare he say these words?” the statement said.
Shillong, Naitung 13 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has directed the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) to immediately stop fighting or politicizing the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam. The soskular between the two states was based on a report sent to the Assam government by the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma.
On his way to Pynursla, Dr. Mukul said that the road from Pynursla to Mawlynnong should be improved so that foreigners will not be affected when they come to Mawlynnong. come and see the area.
This is according to a statement from the Dorbar Shnong.
He also announced that in other districts there will be a weekend lockdown on Saturday and Sunday to fight against the spread of COVID-1
The KSU leader said that the government has set up the HLC on Influx and when the group has submitted a recommendation to implement the ILP, the government has given it too close to the elections and after the elections. In April, the CM could not decide and gave the reason that he had to go to Delhi and promised to meet with the political parties when he returned but he met with the political parties after five months. FKJGP President Joe Marwein said that the Tenancy Bill has been demanded since 2011 by the HLC on Influx. and in this year that the government of MUA 1 under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma where the political parties have held strong protests over the years to strengthen this demand and in 2012 the government has The High Level Committee on Influx was set up with the participation of government officials, Chief Executive Members of Autonomous District Councils, Rangbah Shnongs, civil society leaders. The ILP is the only one that can curb the influx, but unfortunately the government has rejected the recommendation of the High Level Committee and does not want to meet anymore. to the leaders of the party.
These Syntex were handed over to the school management by Bah Arphin Marbaniang, Asst General Secretary FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle who was also the chief guest.
The BJP Sohra Mandal is still waiting for the approval of the State Election Committee.
He said the party has not received any request from Amit Shah, but has sent a statement that it needs to meet, because as all human beings, it needs to send a statement first, if it has to meet anyone.
Then, the journey to eat with him, but he went with us to the house of Lok, and we ate the meal of pleasure even though the owner was not with us, there was only the Your mother, my Bakha.
The PAC member said that during their recent inspection on the 11th of November, they saw with their own eyes the working methods of the meat processing plant.
He said that this action of the government has caused a lot of suffering to the people especially in the need to use the internet to pay taxes or withdraw money or give money through the internet. Mukul Sangma also urged the MDA government led by the National Democratic Alliance (NPP) to step down and contest the elections again in front of the people. the state and the eastern region.
Most of the people who played chess were young children and some carried sticks in their hands, some carried stones and some carried sticks.
mian-pa-mian: to speak slowly and slowly.
Shillong: Various political parties have sent a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District against the Secretary of Sutnga District, Ma Mekit Hi Sutnga.
In the next 24 hours, heavy rain and thunderstorms are expected in parts of Shillong and surrounding areas.
The Commissioner of Food Safety, Kong RM Kurbah, said that she will submit a report on the detection of formalin in fish to the Government by the end of this month.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) has directed all identified Fair Price Shops to collect their permits from the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) and complete the distribution of foodgrains. by 10th July, 2023, using the e-Pos online mode at their respective centers without fail.
“He used to proclaim that he loves the country and the nation but you will be surprised if you know that the children of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit are Basaiawmoit. "You're a man," said Charles.
“Even if you say that I have lost the trust of you in the opposition, but I know and I still have the trust of the people,” said Bah Nongrum, ARPA leader who won the election. After his two EMs, Kong Grace M Kharpuri and Bah Process T Sawkmie, turned against him by going to the opposition KHUDA. sit on a chair the jobs left from 50-60 years ago.
They are those things which the eye of man hath not seen, nor the ear heard, nor the heart understand.
The clash with the security forces lasted for two days and three nights.
“Such behavior should be condemned by all and as a nation we should not just watch, we need to do something before it is too late because those who insult ourselves are the enemies of the enemy. Shillong, November 20: The Wah Lukha this year has turned blue again and the water has turned blue since the 15th of this month. This month at 10:00 pm.
In this regard, Sitharaman praised the FCI, NAFED and the states for being able to distribute rice and dai to the people despite many difficulties.
, Ph.
Jesus said to His disciples, “These are the words which I spake unto you, that all things which are written in the law of Moses and in the prophets must be fulfilled” (Luke 24:44).
In my view, I feel that the country of Hynniewtrep will not have peace and will not receive special protection as long as we but the blood of the innocent will continue to flow in these beloved mountains of ours and the nations will not be destroyed until we are free from the rule of India.
“Today, I went to Lumshnong East Jaintia Hills District and inspected the road which has been completely damaged by the heavy rainfall. the police went to rap them," he said.
“If we talk about unemployment in the state, it is a problem and we have many students who can bring benefits who can work in various fields but if there is no opportunity and if we don't open “They will be overwhelmed by anxiety and all these problems will arise,” said Dr. Jemino.
“We have seen the damage caused by the earthquake in Nepal or Manipur and I believe that this office will help the people of the region to recover from the damage caused by the earthquake,” he said.
Jowai, Nailur 19: Police in Ummulong Beathouse of West Jaintia Hills have arrested three trucks for illegally smuggling coal against the NGT order. while they were standing on the roadside with the coal at Mookyndur.
Sadly, even the residences of women and children are no longer forgiven and they enter even the rooms reserved for them.
Khliehriat, June 16: Vijay Kumar and a member, Lal Mohan, who are volunteers from Bihar, have walked across India and now the They have reached Tripura, Agartala and other parts of the North East and held a two-day fast on the 12th and 13th of this month. government on their five demands.
With the victory over Bangladesh, Dhoni became the first non-Australian captain to win 100 ODIs and the first Indian captain to do so.
Mulakkal will be produced before the Kottayam Magistrate's Court on Saturday.
Jowai, July 28: The District Level Inter School Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the District Level Inter School Football Tournament (DSO) at Jowai. Kiang Stadium, North Jowai.
"“His pregnant wife and his sisters were raped.
“The BJP has understood that it will not win in Meghalaya, therefore the announcement to set up a Special Task Force is only a warning to other small political parties to join the same list or face persecution. ," she said.
In his speech, he urged the youth of the area to avoid drugs and alcoholic beverages which work hard to destroy the nation and destroy the families and society not only in the area. urban but has reached even the rural areas.
Sylvester Mawrie, resident of Mawmang Mawryngkneng, said on his facebook page that the AbCD office and the sports authorities have not discriminated against anyone.
Therefore, the candidates' unity will help to resolve all the outstanding demands of the State from the Central Government.
This action of the JHADC can be said to be in violation of the rules of the Council itself as according to Section 10(2)(iv) of the United Khasi Jaintia Hills District Regulations, trading License to foreigners If there are foreigners who cannot do the same job according to this Act, the JHADC cannot issue trading license to foreigners.
However, through this exhibition market, the farmers will be able to meet face to face with the buyers which will benefit them,” said Khongsar.
Unidentified robbers have robbed the farmers of Borkhat and Natbor villages in Lakadong District.
The Assembly was attended by 193 UN Member States, Independent Experts, Leaders from Civil Society Organizations around the world who have been recognized by ECOSOC. meets four times a year to discuss issues relating to the violation of human rights in the countries of the world.
This series is starring Krishna, Trish and Balti Boy.
He was hit by a 108 vehicle near Suni Mandir on GS Road on 13th March 2013 but died at the Civil Hospital on 19th March 2013 in the evening.
The HYC Baridua led by Bah John Nongrum has alleged that a foreigner named Prem Prakash Varma has tried to steal the land of Kong Ailad by forging false land titles.
We had to implement.
Besides, they said that their fishing in the ponds is very dangerous if they don't catch fish because once they go fishing, the owners don't allow them unless they pay money.
Speaking to media, the Village Leaders and Market Committee, said that since the day the area got the Traditional Market, the happiness is not only for the Village Leaders, but also for the Market Dwellers. In Bhoirymbong, they were happy and wanted the market to be implemented as soon as possible, but the visit of Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, has angered not only the village leaders and the Market Committee, but also the Market Committee. even the market dwellers in the area were angry.
Manchester City beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-0 in Ukraine with goals scored by David Silva, Aymeric Laporte and Bernardo Silva.
Meanwhile, the High Court has promised to issue a notice of contempt against the District authorities on the interim report on the discovery of a new coal mine along the National Highway in Byndihati. Don Bosco College.
The counting of votes for all the 39 polling stations of Nongstoin Constituency will start at 8 pm at Trysem Hall DC Office Nongstoin West Khasi Hills. District.
The Metropolitan Police has directed the entry and exit points of airports and ports to check whether they find or see the suspect involved in the attack. of terrorists in the past.
“We are hopeful that as it is now, this work has been completed,” said Bah Blah.
Police XI have qualified for the final after beating Medical XI 3-1 in the semifinal of the Inter Office Football Tournament held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. it's Friday.
The French call it 'broom corn millet', that is, the millet, because it is the stalk of the lynnai or kdait.
Lakhbir Singh Rode, leader of the outlawed Khalistan Liberation Force (KLF) and the International Sikh Youth Federation, has died in Pakistan.
Police arrested the three persons from a vehicle with the registration number of Uttar Pradesh.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 27: Despite the passage of time and the advancement of knowledge, the society still considers that those who were born with Anna disease, or those who became decreased from diseases or from These accidents are the worst in the world.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Lai Lyngdoh Circle on Tuesday met with the Executive Engineer of Public Works Department (PWD) Nongstoin to express its concern over the deterioration of the Mawkaton Road. -Nongstoin and the damage to the bridge inside Mawkaton.
But alas, they published more names than there was work.
“Therefore, the time has come for us to have a hospital to treat livestock and wildlife and it will be a real blessing to the people of the state,” said Bah Hek.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the office of the Defense Minister Amit Shah has informed the state government that Amit Shah will visit Shillong either next month or in before the end of this month because they have just announced that he will come but have not yet confirmed the date.
This year's Behdieñkhlam will be held from 30th July to 3rd November
Titosstarwell Chyne said that the employees of the office have been infected with Covid-19 since the 28th of last month.
The MLA donated 5 kg of rice per household and the MDC 2 kg.
Four persons have been arrested by the Jowai Police Station on Thursday for allegedly robbing the KJP Assembly Book Room, Jowai at Iawmusiang and stealing a money box.
Shangpliang said the union is pleased that the government has implemented the demands of the union including the introduction of the Farmers Commission and the recognition of sohmrit, sla tyrpad and exemption of tax on synsar. However, the union will continue to fight for the implementation of other demands including the demand that the government should declare 2020 as the Year of Farmers with special allocation of funds to farmers and other demands. for the benefit of the farmers.
Even in the Assembly, there is no illegal mining or trade of coal in the state.
Jowai, March 26: Sai Yei Sap Entertainment Production, Jowai today at 5 pm launched their film “Johkhe.com” at Loompyrdi Iongpiah Hall, Jowai. Comingone Ymbon, Minister of State.
All filmmakers in East Khasi Hills have been ordered to obtain a certificate from the committee before release.
Mawlynnong village is small but has become famous all over the world. The cleanliness of each household has the responsibility to keep every household and its surroundings clean.
During the programme, a demonstration was also shown on how to extract oil from the Jathynrat plant and showed the farmers how to make this oil.
This comes after the company has terminated its contract with Kanye West due to his remarks which have been criticized by many. citizens of the international community.
In his 31 years of public service, Dr Don has not only experienced being in power, but I used to visit the MLA Hostel before he joined the UDP and he used to tell stories about the UDP. problems he faces as a representative, because he is the only member.
He said that the new market will be a source of inspiration and encouragement to the farmers in the area.
Before I share with you dear readers that poem called Tell Me, I would also like to give you a symbolic question from the Gospel according to Matthew 25:35-36 as an introduction.
On Sunday last month, leaders of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) met with the Chief Minister N. Biren Singh at his office regarding the struggle for The court has issued a notice to the court on the murder of the woman, identified as Ningthoujam Asha Devi.
At the time of the arrest, the robbers said that they had not been able to open the machine but the SBI officers said that there was more than T.20 lakh inside the machine. .
A short speech was delivered by Bah Kimland Kharlyong, Secretary Managing Committee of Seven Sisters Secondary School, Mawmitbah and a dance was performed by the students of the Lower Primary Section.
Meghalaya lost four wickets for the loss of four runs in the Ranji Trophy plate group match in Puducherry today.
Through this statement, the Seng also sent its condolences to the family of Samla Paul Kyndait and prayed for the rest of his soul.
The Book of Isaiah says, “Behold, the hand of the LORD is not shortened, that it cannot save; neither is his ear heavy, that it cannot hear:
The HYC SAU urges the law enforcement authorities to investigate and arrest immediately all those involved in this crime in which one of the victims is seriously injured.
Police have recovered three pistols, toys, a grenade, an AK magazine and 130 rounds of AK ammunition from the scene. in this area.
According to a letter sent to the Deputy Commissioner, signed by EJHDA President Lambor Dkhar and Secretary Gerald Phawa, the union said that the roads in Khliehriat and all other districts are currently in poor condition. It has become so bad that it is impossible to walk and it seems that no one especially the government department has taken action against this problem faced by the people due to the condition of the road. The department in charge of roads has not taken action even to repair them.
He said the party knows how to fight against such people and will ensure that they win this election.
The village authorities were immediately informed and later the police came to take him away.
Other vehicles were allowed to park at Stand War, Ummulong and Jerusalem Square.
In the second half, Mookyrdup and Madan Thadmuthlong drew 1-1 until the end of the first half. Nicky Boy Swer scored the first goal for Mookyrdup.
Speech was also delivered by the President of HYC Sohiong Circle, Samla Purningstar Shabong.
Belty Jyrwa President of HANM Women's Wing (HANM) has strongly condemned the MPDA charge against a member of the party from West Khasi Hills. They also demanded the release of the party leader including Bah Gabriel Sohlang.
:The new Khasi song, “Maw jynthud”, will be released on the 30th,
Nongpoh: On Sunday night, at 11 or 12 pm, unidentified robbers broke into the house of the mother of a young woman, who was raped. Lurstarwell Rani was arrested by the police.
Behdeinkhlam is an annual festival whose purpose is to drive away the Khlam with a tree (Behdiengkhlam).
Furthermore, the choir of the Nongpoh Presbyterian Church, Mawbuh Sarikrai Presbytery CE Union, Ri Bhoi Mihngi Presbytery CE Union, Ri Bhoi Mihngi Presbytery CE Union, Nongpoh Presbyterian Church, Nongpoh Presbyterian Church, Nongpoh Presbyterian Church, Ri Bhoi Mihngi Presbytery CE Union, Standing Choir Mawbuh Ri Bhoi Presbytery (KJP Western Synod) and RBP Synod Standing Choir.
So far, the father has spent T.6,26,600 on the treatment of these sick and homeless.
Meghalaya's players who took part in the Santosh Trophy were Rajat Paul Lyngdoh, Banskhemlang Mawlong, Allen Camper Lyngdoh Nongbri, Henry Ford Nongneng, Ronney Willson Kharbudon and Donlad Diengdoh.
Bah Paul said that this is because some Dorbar Shnongs have come forward because they want to cooperate with the Government to eradicate drugs from their villages.
Speaking as the chief guest at the 100th Anniversary of the Khasi National Dorbar Hall on 4th July, he said, “There are those who say that our people are no longer happy in Meghalaya. you disagree, isn't it.
Recently, the Minister of Water Resources, Comingone Ymbon, visited the Umkhen River to monitor the mining practices which have affected the wells supplying water to thousands of households. Madanrting and other parts of Shillong.
He said that the coal traders have decided to suspend the movement of trucks until a settlement can be reached between the Dorbar Shnong Majai and the Syiem of Sohra Hima.
They will be like scare crows without any value and power, because these E&EPs will also be appointed by the Police and as they do at the Checkgates, they will do the same.
However, it is the youth who are responsible for the nation and the illegal entry of foreigners especially into Nongjri and Borsora areas,” said Bah Kharbani.
The old map of Meghalaya is from 1971 and there are 12 areas within the boundary of the state. removes these 12 locations and creates a new map.
“At first as a party we were surprised that we were defeated in the last election but after we investigated and found out that there is a lot of trouble in Mawryngkneng constituency and the victory of the VPP is the reason. The first is the assistance of the TMC. The assistance of the TMC to send all the people and other parties to support the VPP.
There have been no allegations against Bah Robert Kharjahrin, but only a few have criticized the UDP and HSPDP, which are synrop parties in the RDA, because they have joined the RDA. The NPP-led state government and before the formation of the government, the ethnic parties have lost control due to the turning away of the two HSPDP candidates. and strive to serve the people according to the rights that have been passed through the ages.
Because of this news of demon worship in the mountains, many churches have appealed to the believers to be vigilant not to fall into this error.
Nongpoh, November 23: The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) Eastern Zone today held a celebration with the elderly at Umden Arka village. to receive Christmas the day of the incarnation of the infant Jesus.
"“The Education Department of the State Government has rejected the proposal of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) to upgrade the Adhoc Schools in Meghalaya to the status of Deficit Pattern/Deficit System. “The budget of the State Government is increasing,” said Bah Shadap.
Besides the quarrying of stone from the river, the union also criticized the company for using the quarry near the highway which is used by the people which can cause danger and cause tragic incident to anyone. canoe for.
Explaining on this issue, Bah James said, “Our demand is not to issue trading license to foreigners because there are many young indigenous people who are skilled and know how to work. especially in this time of unemployment.
According to sources, Royte will contest in the upcoming elections against the Congress candidate Lalrindika Ralte who is the most opposed leader of the MNF. Until now, Royte has been a minister in the MNF government who has also held several government departments including the Sports Department and the Tourism Department of Mizoram.
The Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) won four medals, including two silver and two bronze medals at the 34th East Zone Junior Athletics Championship held in Kolkata.
This will create problems in the future and many newcomers will become citizens, besides the absence of the Citizenship Amendment Act which has already become a threat to the country and the state.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the HNYF Northern Region, today met and sent a letter to Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, to urge him to ensure that the Raid on the availability of proper documents or land titles, before the demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam, in this second phase of demarcation.
The meeting was conducted by Ma Wanshwa Nongtdu in the presence of hundreds of people who came to join the party.
He said that not only is the village authority concerned about the incidents of tragic incidents which are mostly from Assam, but the village authority is also concerned about the arrival of people from outside the village authority. They are also concerned that they spread garbage, throw bitor which is a threat to the environment and which destroys the appearance of this river and for this reason the village authority has put in place restrictions so that those who come He added that the tourists have to have a shared responsibility to protect the cleanliness of the river and also to prevent any tragic incident.
Shillong, Nailur 19 : The HANM has urged the state government to allow the written examinations or interviews not to be held in Khasi or Garo for the citizens of the state.
In the afternoon, there were many beautiful songs sung by the youth of the church and at the same time there was also a performance of traditional dances and music. sisters, Rangbah Balang, Parents, Elders who became the first Christians in the village and concluded with the celebration of the Golden Jubilee by the MDC of Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Rani in the presence of the Fathers. sisters and members of the Catholic Church.
The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, said that the police have seized a Night Super Bus (AS 01 FC 8299) at 10:00 pm about 1:30 p.m.
The words of the mother touched Rida's soul.
The ceremony was attended by the Chief of the Government of the United States of America, Bah NK Lyngdoh.
“The Sein Raij Mukhla is the last Seiñraij in Jaintia Hills to celebrate Behdeiñkhlam and we hope that it will be a successful one.
Speaking at the public meeting, KSU Publicity Secretary Pynshaiborlang Rani said, “The demand for ILP is not new but it has been a demand since
In another incident, residents of the area said that at around 5 pm, robbers suddenly appeared on the Balat and Ranikor road called Bakli road and parked another Mini. Bus.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit has expressed its regret over the lack of news about the coal factories in Jaintia Hills.
One of the NLM's recent activities is the establishment of the Bharat Gyan Vigyan Samiti, an organization comprising workers, teachers and NGOs.
Foreigners don't know what ethnic groups live in Meghalaya.
He said that the backwardness of Pdeiniadaw is the fault of the village leaders because they don't come to meet him and it is not his fault.
The Khasi Patriotic Home at Nongkhlaw, the birthplace of Tirot Singh, was built on the initiative of the FKJGP and the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima on 17th November
He said that they have given their support to them because they have promised that they will form the new EC and will give their right hand and left hand to work together.
Under-14 players, RC Evening School Mihmyntdu (Lahduh 2022), HK Singh Memorial Secondary School represented the state in the Subroto Cup in Bengaluru, Alexader Lyngdoh wrestler, Givenson Suting of North Liberty HSS He was selected by the Bengaluru FC Football Academy through the Grassroots Player Advance Centre.
He said that the government has decided to hold a meeting to ensure that its purpose will succeed and it has informed the meeting only to the landowners who have already signed the agreement. she managed to convince while many others she never informed.
who earns more than you.
No one will be able to destroy them.
To appear in the media is the main goal of these rulers.
Since its inception, the school has organized many guitar concerts and guitar workshops besides providing theory and practical training to students in western classical music. Students also take grade examinations from various international music boards of the world.
He said that the government has selected some sites but cannot announce them yet as they are waiting for more detailed information from the relevant departments including the Municipal and Urban Affairs Department.
The work is very difficult.
The new branch of Frank Motors (Showroom) in Nongpoh was inaugurated by Bah Ivan Kharmon, Rangbah Shnong Nongpoh, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary Nongpoh Town. Committee, Bah Indonlang Passah, owner of Frank Motors and other dignitaries from Nongpoh area.
The Minister denied that there is any corruption in the arrival of these pipes in the state and said that if the party demands a Magisterial Inquiry on his part, he is ready to send an inquiry if necessary.
“Dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return” Genesis 3:1
The President of MEFSU said that the Forest Act, 1958, defines the term 'Forest' as an area of ​​not less than 25 hectares. per acre.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Ronnie said it is painful to see that the government buses, which have been set up to serve the people, are in this condition.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Sawkmie has sent a proposal to the government in the past years to build a flyover in Mawlai to reduce the traffic jam along the Tirot Sing Syiem Road from Mawlai Bridge to Mawlai Bridge. Mawlai Mawiong.
C.Kharkongngor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, encouraged other parents and youth to come forward to find ways and means through schemes from the government to start their own businesses so that their unemployment will not be the reason or to say that we are living in the days of unemployment.
The next question is, how long did it start and how long did it last?
And he hearkened unto all their prayers.
They can also learn more about the tricks and ideas of the game.
The basis of reservation is based on the following factors: Equality, Backwardness and Adequate Representation.
The Custom Police seized and arrested the suspects at 2 pm.
Research has shown that getting COVID-19 during pregnancy can have a negative impact on the health of mothers and they will be at risk of developing severe complications which can also affect i child in the womb.
A total of 88,911 people in 16 districts have been affected by the floods, the Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA) said.
The federation encourages him to play well in the Boxing Federation of India (Boxing Federation of India) tournament.
The MPCC President said he does not want to shake hands to criticize each other and does not want to criticize anything about the article. “But I want to make it clear that I have never met the BJP leaders before. “I have never tried to overthrow the government, let the AICC which is the highest authority will consider it, and I have no doubt that the AICC will not accept such allegations,” he said. .
The two organizations said that the time has come for the government to do online like in Jowai, Shillong and Nongpoh.
Commenting on the NPP's promise to create 5 lakh jobs and the AITC's promise to create 3 lakh jobs, Kharkrang said, “Nine thousand jobs Twenty-five jobs that have been vacant for five years have not been filled, you’re talking lakhs of jobs to produce.
It is in this regard that the department wants to verify and also export vehicles from the state by registering them on the State's Tourism Portal/App.
Shillong: The Shillong Traffic Police (STPs) on Tuesday destroyed 181 silencers seized from April to
After stopping the truck, the BSF conducted a search and found that the sugar was hidden in bags covered with shyiap inside the truck.
Shillong: The All Jaintia Poultry Traders Association (APOA), one of the associations of poultry traders in Jaintia Hills, has held an emergency meeting in the past few months to discuss the issue of poultry traders. Discuss the problems faced by the sellers of broilers and layers from time to time.
He said the robbers stole only the cheapest mobile phones and left the cheapest mobile phones.
The ECC is deeply concerned that the presence of these factories will affect not only the present heritage, but the future heritage as the burning of coal will produce smoke and harmful gases including Carbon Monoxide, Carbon dioxide, sulfur oxide and others that affect human health.
Synod Higher Secondary School, Shillong won a cash prize of T.30,000 while St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong won a cash prize of T.2 10,000 and the fourth place went to Kiddies Corner Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
These cows were robbed in two Alto vehicles.
Mukul's reply came after reporters asked what the government will do on the Twolane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah which has been opposed by the people alleging that it is an attempt to facilitate uranium mining. .
Today, we conducted a search operation together with the police,” said Wanbok's sister, Kong I.Kurbah.
According to Kroll's Celebrity Brand Valuation Report 2022, Ranveer has become India's Most Valued Celebrity of 2022, where he has earned a lot of money from his advertisements which have helped and benefited him.
Shillong: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has reported that the temperature in Shillong today has risen to 100 degrees Fahrenheit. The highest temperature is 29.1 degrees Celsius, the lowest temperature is 18.3 degrees Celsius; in Sohra, the highest temperature was 26.9 degrees Celsius and the lowest temperature was 18.0 degrees Celsius; In Umiam, the maximum temperature was 33.2 degrees Celsius and the minimum temperature was 17.4 degrees Celsius.
The total number of cases has risen to 1,859 and the death toll has risen to 1,3
“The market has dropped, and you can't sell anymore, people are afraid.
Shillong: Leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Laimer Area Unit under the leadership of the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Shiningstar, today visited the village. Mawpun, Umlyngka which falls under the Upper Shillong area who do not have proper documents and Labor Licence.
By the Word he created Adam as well as the blind because he did everything by the power of the Word of God. We don't have anyone to support but the Word of God is power.
The former MLA of the state, Dr Mukul Sangma, stood up from his seat to say that the members should not show disrespect to the Lamphang especially when he stands up to speak.
FKJGP President Bah Joe Marwein said, “We should not give up our demands but we need to read the laws and decide what is appropriate to do to prevent foreigners.
“If the ethnic parties unite, in the MLA, MDC or MP, Meghalaya will be able to govern ourselves according to our wisdom and understanding,” he said.
Speaking at the Memorial Lecture of Babu Hajom Kissor Singh at the Soso Tham Auditorium in Shillong, Minister Rangbah said that with the desire to promote the Khasi and Garo languages, we should come together as a society to promote our culture and language.
The group itself believes that the present generation needs to flow with the ways of life of the world today, but by holding fast to the teachings of the past.
And he said unto them, “When we took over the government, the people expected us to immediately resolve the problems that have been in the state for about 50 years, and this is a matter that will take more time and I will work hard to develop Meghalaya with the blessings and support of the people.
The farmers and Union leaders said that the Agriculture Department of the State Government under the leadership of Bah Banteidor has introduced the Farmers' Commission, the Farmers' Day, the Farmers' Parliament and in the years The recognition of tyrpad and synsar as agricultural products has been completed.
Rhea said that Sushant's death has come to the fore as it is also the time for elections in Bihar. newspaper and this made her even more worried.
Look at the provisions of the Sixth Schedule, we don't find anything that says that the District Councils have the power to restrict the entry of foreigners. “It is clear that the District Council has been empowered by the Constitution to include those provisions that empower us to make those laws,” said Bah Titosstarwel Chyne. new member of the FKJGP.
We have continued to monitor and hope to get this site because on our part, we have taken steps to investigate in detail.
The opening of this new training center at Mary Our Help Training Center is a testimony to the work of this center for the welfare of children and the development of education.
These 12 persons have been charged under the POCSO Act,” said SP Bah Lakador Syiem.
The Mawkyrwat MDC, who is in the opposition, said that Singh's call has shown that there is politics.
After the Hyniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday inspected the illegal residence of foreigners near the motor area, the Investigation and Enforcement Division Shillong Circle of MeeCL on Tuesday. You have come to cut off the bordings that have been ringtuh by foreigners who are illegally living in the area.
The KSU Narpuh Circle together with the STEDS, urge the public not to eat the dead fish that have been thrown into the river, as it will affect their health. I urge the Deputy Commissioner to take action on this matter.
In Ri Bhoi, 3 cases, 2 cases of high risk, 1 case of high risk in East Garo Hills, 1 case of random sampling in North Garo Hills, 1 case of random sampling in North Garo Hills. Random sampling in Damas Bazar, South Garo Hills, 1 person in Chokpot, East Jaintia Hills, 1 person from outside and 1 person in Khliehriat, West Khasi Hills 1 case, 12 cases in West Garo Hills and 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills. I give I drive the truck.
“One of them was going to Jorhat, on his way back from Chennai, while the other was coming from Darjeeling,” Sarma said.
These four bus drivers said that there are very few people who ride the buses because the world is still like this and there are times when the buses are empty but they said that although the fare is very low. However, instead of staying at home, they are still able to earn their living and work hard.
Cancer is spread through smoking and AIDS is spread through sexual activity.
“Furthermore, they said that if the law doesn't take action, they won't be able to shed blood.
Earlier, Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh questioned the delay in completion of the road.
However, our ancestors knew how to take care of them by giving them Ñiang-sohpet.
This news has shocked and shocked the family members of Bah Let.
She said that the opportunity to sing together in the film Jingim was because they had also been able to sing together in the Jaintia Got Talent, but they did not reach the goal because they came second.
The purpose of this is to encourage the citizens of Meghalaya to set up their own businesses, to have the understanding to do these things to be different from others, to be on par with other countries of Meghalaya. the world, the establishment of their own businesses to improve knowledge, to increase income and wealth and to provide employment to the society.
" said the old man of RiiaKumta, ready to cook with Deisy.
Shillong, Naitung, 27: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Friday said that the Police have conducted a thorough investigation and search for the suspects involved in the distribution of The letter demanding “fake” money in the name of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
During the meeting between the two Chief Ministers in Khanapara recently, it was decided that the two Chief Ministers will visit the border areas of Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills in July.
How, then, will God bring an end to this wicked world? The word is fire.
The Organizing Secretary, Bah Edmund Khongsya, expressed his satisfaction that our country still has the All India Radio which is still broadcasting the traditional songs of the Khasi God. Khasi traditional and patriotic songs.
It is impossible to know whether our country will fall into the same trap if the State Governments take money without thinking carefully whether they can repay it with interest.
Volunteer Aicifull Kharmusulman together with several village leaders of Rambrai Jyrngam area today met with Bah Garod LSN Dykes Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District to seek clarification regarding the non-functioning of the 2 new C&RD Block Offices have been opened in November 2022 including Rambrai Block and Rimuliang Block.
He said that in 2013-14 there were 428 defective transformers, 428 in 2015-15 and 492 in 2015-1
How different are we from them? We are only a few of the many ethnic groups in India and if there is no law that can work to curb foreigners, it means that we will face more problems as we move forward.
India has about 900,000 deaths annually from smoking, but India has 106 million smokers and is second only to China. in cigarette smoking worldwide.
All the children have registered at the Anganwadi Centre.
Because our country is still lagging behind in basic needs like roads, electricity, water supply, schools, colleges, hospitals and others.
In the letter, the KSU urged the Minister to take action despite the difficulties but to create the mechanisms to implement the project as soon as possible.
Justice Chandrachud was elected as one of the judges of the Supreme Court of the country in January
The Rotary Club Jowai has celebrated its 25th Anniversary since its foundation in 1995-2
Lesya and Valeiry, who belong to the 112th Brigade, completed their marriage on Sunday.
General Secretary- Samla Phermanbha War, General Secretary- Samla Silsrang.
This was announced by Garland Shadap Manner, Education Secretary, KSU Laskein Circle.
The Court said that if the case is not completed within these three months, the plaintiff or any private person may bring information to the Court.
On this occasion, the Governor also visited the Umngot River in the presence of the Commissioner and Secretary Dr. BDR Tiwari and others.
He said that the agreement between these parties is like allowing the BJP to come to power in the North Eastern states as all these parties are under the umbrella of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA). Nongstoin, July 04: Regarding the demand of T.1 crore by Kong F Marngar, to the Nongstoin MLA, the supporters of the MLA, said that it would be better for Kong Marngar to apologise. The MLA has not been able to exempt him from the payment of 1 crore tyngka to the MLA.
In order to show the world that they have a longkñi, they make a kñi by a riewshisngi, who is not from the same family, but only because he is a relative or of the same race.
However, when inquired by the Rangbah Shnong of Lumshyiap, Bah P Khongdup, he said that in this election, the people should not elect the leader of the District Council.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)'s two-term rule in India under the leadership of Narendra Modi has stirred up political parties in many states of India.
This article explains the general precautions to be followed as well as the more specific precautions to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Heral Dkhar, Secretary Lumshnong Village, Embhah Lamare, Doloi of the District Narpuh, Manbha Kyndoh and other speakers supported the public hearing.
Police are still searching for the suspects.
The HYC also criticized the lack of proper policy on education, employment policy and others.
Therefore, we should thank Mr. Damewanhi for not only helping to remove the jhep from Jowai temporarily, but most importantly for leading the way in how to deal with the empty coal mines. The owners of the coal mines have left the coal mines without doing anything and have put many in danger.
He said that during the protest held at Polo, the Director of Lafarge promised to give them a decision today and they hoped that today they would get a decision from the court. Lafarge but the Director did not hesitate to meet them.
Referring to the MLA elections in 2018, Ardent said, “I fought with the party I was in at that time not to allow the BJP or Congress to come to power but when I win the election Even the MLAs who won from the party when I told them that they should hold on to the ground that we have created for the people didn't listen. in a group with one mind, that is, to develop the state in all aspects,” he added.
The 12-day training was inaugurated today at the State Institute of Rural Development, Nongsder, in the presence of Bah MB Tongper, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Meghalaya. Bhoi as the chief guest on the opening and implementation of this special scheme to provide training to the public on safety measures in the event of floods, earthquakes or other emergencies. to the people.
However, scientific mining has not been implemented yet, while every step trucks carrying coal can be seen passing through Shillong.
The Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society invites the public to witness the festival and also to witness with their own eyes these species of birds that come to nest in the area, he added.
It was also found that the power systems inside the Treatment Plant are old and overcrowded and need to be repaired and replaced so that the water supply to the city will not be interrupted.
In the end, only Laitkor and Mawlai will compete for the title.
“So, how can we do, we don't have any choice because the land belongs to them but we are still talking,” he said.
“The Embassy has also provided assistance to other citizens of other countries including Sri Lankans, Nepalis and Bangladeshis.
He urged for more frequent discussions and meetings to review and monitor the progress of the work.
Referring to the match between Shangpung Lumïawmushai and Ladthadlaboh, the match was very friendly from the start to the end of the match which lasted 1-1
If we say that the coal mines are the most popular places for foreigners and foreigners – aren't these mines within the boundary of any Village, Hima, District or State? Isn't there a Khasi who wants to work in those Pars, or do the Khasi owners refuse to hire Khasi brothers and sisters for their own benefit? The Syiem of the Maitshaphrang Movement, has approved: (a) The Equitable Distribution of Ancestral and Self Acquired Property Act, in which any household, land or property can be distributed to the all the children, both men and women alike.
Why? For God hath concluded them all in unbelief, that he might have mercy upon all.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Western Region has strongly opposed the government's plan to set up camps for the ANVC-B in West Khasi Hills.
Ri Bhoi Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
“At present, it can be said that even though there is a Notification 1951 of the Assam Government, it does not work.
The flag of the country shall not be used as a school uniform or any other garment worn on the head of a person.
At present we cannot say when it will stop and now the blackout will continue,” he said.
He also accused the Congress of not having a strong system of governance and then not holding the rule of law like the French.
Shillong, July 22 : The District Administration of East Khasi Hills on Friday evacuated all the residents of the house of Dr ML Deb near Hotel Heiga, Lachumiere due to the snowfall. from the collapse.
In the First Division, 12 teams, in the Second Division, 10 teams and in the Third Division, 12 teams have qualified for the knockout tournament.
Mishra also met with the Rangbah Shnong and residents of Nolikatta village during her visit to South West Khasi Hills.
She said that once the issue has been raised, it should be raised so that it will last for many years.
Jowai, Naitung, 05: The annual Saw Sngi Lai Miet Festival of the Seiñ Raij Jowai will start on the 6th of Pynsiñ and end on the 9th of Muchai. May 23, 2023.
However, the government has struggled as much as possible to provide the necessities of the DC, SP and DTO offices which are the needs of the people.
Why should we continue to deceive the people, if we continue to deceive them at this time, where else will the country and the nation go?
He said the rejection of the VAB of KHADC for approval is because the KHADC has not followed the recommendations of the government which has called a meeting on this in the past months.
At present, there are 22 Syiem Police including four women and 18 men.
" So after a while she left to go home.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
At this prayer meeting which will be held from 7 pm to 7 pm for 12 hours, STIEH has invited the Chief Minister, Government Ministers, MLAs, MDCs and civil society organizations as well as various religious groups to attend the prayer meeting. They will come together to pray for the passage of this Bill, which is a threat to the nation.
In fact, he tried to argue but as his vehicle was locked neutrally, he could not open the vehicle.
To these two it shows that wealth should not rule over us in society.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the Muslims said, “We are worried and we don't sleep because we too want to get the medical reports regarding the COVID-19 pandemic. “They also told us exactly where they were going and where they were staying,” said Bah Marshall Biam through the media. He said that this lack of action by the authorities has put a serious threat to the people of East Jaintia Hills District, where in fact the authorities should have expedited the issuance of medical reports or They should also monitor the health of these Dkhar Muslims.
Regarding the re-vaccination in the State, she said that the vaccination will be a booster dose, and regarding the vaccination, a decision will be taken at a meeting to be held on Monday, the 1st June, 2023 in the presence of the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
In the petition, it was stated that this is the river, which supplies drinking water to the people of Nongpoh and other neighboring villages.
As the minutes went by, there were many golden opportunities for both sides, especially for Mawlai SC, which had some occasions when the ball was missed. The ball was right on the goal post and the ball would pass slowly, until it couldn't stir up the crowd.
Power structures, houses, were covered in the floods, the report said.
When inquired for more details, Bah Paul Lyngdoh expressed his difficulty in explaining the progress of the border talks as there will be those who will take advantage of the elections. They said they needed only two days to inspect the sites but it had to be delayed due to the lack of response from the Assam government.
Two persons were seriously injured in the incident including the driver of the tourist vehicle, Trasfull Wahlang, 36, from Tyllang. The wife of the deceased was identified as Maxlinda Nongbak, 20 years old.
If you say that human life is not valuable that's enough and if you say that ethnic groups are not valuable that's enough but remember don't keep our people in darkness,” he said. NGT has banned the mining of coal in Meghalaya, the central and state governments have not done anything to start such mining as the scientific evidence should have shown. that they take action on this matter.
Honlem Konyak, who was driving the motorcycle, died on the way to hospital, while his friend is still undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
This is up to you".
“I want to be clear, let the political parties move forward in their discussions and we will look at their opinion.
Police have arrested him and he is under further investigation.
The robbers immediately fled the scene.
The BJP also said that the state government should take measures to curb the floods, which have been happening every year, which have caused a lot of damage in Garo Hills.
Jowai, Jymmang 6: The Assam Government through the Forest Department and Assam Police today set up a checkpoint within the Meghalaya border at Khanduli near the Meghalaya Police Battalion Camp.
However, others are not able to do so.
The U-17 football team of Saiden Secondary School has won its first victory in the 63rd National Level Subroto Cup 2023 in Delhi.
The meeting was chaired by NEOA President Th.
The residents of Shillong and Jowai have to pay more for dew bilat, which is T.40 to T.60 per byrni, according to the Northeast Now. of Topcem.
In Jowai, various Christian Churches have celebrated this day from the Sunrise Service in their respective churches, followed by public services at 10 pm and also at the Sunrise Service. at 1 pm and others.
Shillong: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHWW) has sent a complaint to the Chief Election Officer of the State Government to express its opposition to the order to re-check the names of the voters in Them Metor. KHNAM, expresses its strong opposition to the inspection of voters in such a situation in this area.
If you don't need water anymore, why don't you destroy these wells and benefit the poor and needy who can't afford to buy water like you? It would have been better if you had accepted this fact and that is that it is because of your mother's behavior that you have reached the point of being banned from quarrying here in our country.
Those who wish to participate in the trial should arrive before 7:45 pm.
He said that PACS have now been launched through cooperatives in the states and about 2300 primary cooperative societies in Gujarat, Jammu and Kashmir, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal and the Eastern Region. In the north, they provide cheap medicines in rural areas.
He also spoke on the availability of roads, because with good roads connecting from one village to another and from one district to another will be a blessing to the community through tourism. The world where these places of ours have many beautiful recreational areas where foreigners can come and visit and it will also be a source of employment for many young people.
The welcome speech was delivered by Prof.B.Basan and the welcome speech by Dr.Rosa M.Mawlong.
He said that especially the Civil Sub Division in Patharkhmah has affected the people to come to Nongpoh especially the villages on the border of Assam Kamrup district. Government offices and also like Eastern Ri Bhoi border villages have found it difficult to reach Nongpoh while many villages near Assam in West Karbi Anglong have found it difficult to reach Nongpoh. .
To strengthen self-government within the State.
After this, a speech was delivered by the youngest sister of Bah Swell, W. Rajee, who told about the childhood of Bah Swell and his education at the Rama Krishna Mission in Sohra.
“The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has also visited the state but what is its findings, not a single Metor driver has been shot and not a single house has been burnt down. “It's not necessary for them to come to this state,” he said.
What DNA test can prove that the Khasi are of the same ethnicity as the people of the Middle East? you are a Khasi.
It was also said that in 2021, India has suffered a huge loss from the outbreak of Covid-19 in the country, where hospitals have been overwhelmed with air conditioners. The number of cases of Covid-19 in India has risen to 10,150 on Friday.
To increase the number of cows, the Veterinary Department has started Artificial Insemination of cows to obtain cow seeds to increase milk production.
Shillong, Lber 5 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the People's Democratic Front (PDF) have decided to form a The Peoples Alliance (PA) has decided to support the NPP-led government under the same banner.
He also raised the issue of the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Constitution of India, which the people of this state have long demanded.
In another development, Ukraine claimed to have shot down a Russian helicopter with troops on board.
Nongkhnum and other places.
The HIA has received permission from the Hima Mylliem to clean up the area, but it is built on a canal which is connected to the drinking water pipes and the water is drained directly into the canal. without a septic tank.
When investigated, it was found that it was their own decision.
2023 is the year we will find mistakes. Start to love yourself and your Rympei first.
However, he said the Seng will take up the issue of drug trafficking in the state, the attack on the people at the border, the attack and the abuse of power by the police.
Speaking on the achievements after 2014, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the number of LPG connections has increased from 50-55% in the villages to 100% now, the provision of proper medicines to children. children have increased from 100% to 55%, households with access to water have increased from 70% to 17% after independence.
The prize money for the winner of the men's category will be T.25,000, for the women's category T.10,000 and for the children's category T.7,0
“It is unfortunate that they are involved in the government, they are involved in the meetings and exchanges held, they are involved in all the processes.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress (MPMC) on Tuesday decided to hold a rally at the BJP office at Bivar Road in Shillong to protest against the MPMC. Speaking at a rally at the Congress Bhavan, Shillong, the President of the Women's Congress, Kong Joplyn Scott Shylla, said that the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 has been passed by the BJP-led NDA government. She said the MPHC strongly opposes the BJP government's passage of this bill which aims to exclude the minorities of Meghalaya.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) on Tuesday said that the HNYF demands that the government and the KHADC should curb the influx of foreigners. The state, who came to work or do business, without providing the necessary documents.
They immediately rushed to Mawkynrew to inform the police and soon the residents arrived at the scene and took the child to the Dispensary and from the Dispensary to the PHC. The child was rushed to Ganesh Das Hospital, Lawmali by 108 and the child is still in Lawmali.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: A case has been registered at Umkdait, Nongmynsong, this morning at 2:30 pm, while people were sleeping. no.64(5)14 u/s 457/380 IPC and two persons have been arrested. The arrested persons are identified as Fredrick Myrthong resident of Mawpat and another person. Ruffel Pyrbot, resident of Langkyrding, Nongmensong.
Shillong, Naitung 10: After a clash between BJP MLAs AL Hek MLA from Pynthorumkhrah and Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA from South Shillong, the BJP South Shillong has demanded a temporary dissolution. you are Mr. AL Hek.
“If the chairman doesn't feel comfortable being in the group, why doesn't he resign first, but he doesn't want to leave.
The President of the JNC, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh took the lead in confirming the new office bearers of the Khliehriat Circle and said that this Circle is one of the Circles which is like a lighthouse. “In this Circle, there are those outstanding leaders who are also able to provide full service to the country and the nation,” he added. Now we have to be very careful because there are those bloodthirsty people among us who are trying to corrupt our minds and intentions to lead us to a path that is not right and not appropriate for society. At the same time, he wished the Circle to continue to serve faithfully and stand firm on the basis of what the party teaches.
The farmers and residents have complained that this road has been improved for 20 years even though most of the MLAs of War Jaintia are in power because most of them hold the road. Minister of Border Areas, but they have not taken action.
Shillong: A curfew has been imposed on the border area about 5 kilometers from the India-Bangladesh border, Shillong.
The final match between Iatyllilang Hingaria Sports Club and Diengshynrum SC will be played on the 23rd November at 2:30 pm.
Meanwhile, in Gujarat, the home of Modi and Amit Shah, the people have accepted the Uniform Civil Code and want to start from Gujarat. BJP: In June 2023, there will be a general election in the North Eastern States including Meghalaya which used to be considered as a Christian state of India.
Rimpu promised that under his supervision as Nokma, he will ensure that there will be no violence, including the infiltration of foreigners, illegal immigration, land grabbing, illegal land allocation, occupation and other public activities.
Election days are the days when money works powerfully especially in the rural areas. When asked how he will fight against money, he said, “The way I will work is that if other candidates “I spend T.10 tyngka to campaign, I will spend only T.1 tyngka – I have a way of thinking which I don't want to say anything yet,” he said.
They change their language now and tomorrow.
Even at that time, even the male MDCs did not explain well the history of the Jaitbynriew which has passed through the Kñi Samoi to the Kpa Samoi.
In fact, we have tightened our security especially at night.
Tennis, on finding the body, immediately informed the village authorities and the villagers rushed to the scene together with the Mairang Police Station to investigate the death. old.
The resolution states that in the event of the death of Basan, the child Basan will be confirmed, and this decision was taken while Basan Emerson Thangkhiew was alive and he too rejected it. decision.
The group also distributed food items to many households with byrni rice and other items.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has launched the Geo Web Portal of Health Centres.
“The BJP party is hiding in the shadows of the Riewlum parties and the allegation that Dr Mukul Sangma has taken all the schemes to Garo Hills. , but he has not brought your share of Mawphlang,” said Bah Kennedy. He said that Dr Mukul Sangma has brought schemes that the MLAs listen to and do not have the authority to implement. scheme.
He informed that 113 are from East Khasi Hills district, 26 from West Jaintia Hills district, 4 each in West Khasi Hills district and Ri Bhoi district and 1 in East Jaintia Hills district. .
He said that the collection of MeECL is only T.62 and T.65 crore, but in July and June, it will increase to T.62 and T.65 crore and in October, it will increase. to T.100klur, he said.
So far, 10,392 people have recovered from COVID-19 in the state and 110 people have died.
One of the AEEE’s mission areas is to encourage the use of electric vehicles as a means of achieving a more secure future in terms of energy and climate change resilience.
However, despite these guidelines, such incidents are still happening," he said.
At the same time, he urged the youth who were present on this occasion, after completing class 12, they should think carefully about their future, what line they will study and what kind of ranks. that they have to pass.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: Four months before the end of its MDC term and before the KHUDA completes its five-year term in the District Council, the HSPDP has been one of the parties. The KHUDA committee has left the party along with three MDCs including Bah PK Pangniang, Bah LG Nongsiej and Bah Enbin K Raswai.
Furthermore, the Prime Minister and other dignitaries honored Tengnang Sangma, Gracyl Ropmay, Starly Shullai, Felix Langstieh, Cinda Sangma, Amabel Susgni and Desmond Rimaki Sunn. It was written by Anurag Banerjee.
For the Polo Commercial Complex, Sniawbha said that the work has been completed and about 70% has been completed.
Briefly summarizing his journey, he said that he came to the HNLC because of the persecution of the villagers.
Throughout the day, various speakers including Mrs. E Kharchandy, Mrs. B Pamshong, Psychologist, Mrs. B Pamshong, Psychologist, Mrs. B Pamshong, Mrs. Bah Meban Tariang, Counselor KRIPA Foundation Nongsder, Ribhoi District, S.Pasleiñ, DySP Head Quarter Ribhoi District.
This announcement by TH Radheshyam came after the NEOA group held a meeting in the presence of the Minister in charge of Sports & Youth Affairs. Banteidor Lyngdoh, members of the North East Organizing Committee, staff of the Sports and Youth Affairs Department and others.
Anuradha Devi 238.1 (574); 3.
The drugs were seized from a bus number AS-01-FC-8199 at 1.30 pm in Umtyra.
Lack of sleep is inversely related to anger.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Sohra Circle today expressed its deep sorrow and dissatisfaction after a Dkhar tried to take the life of a woman under the NIT, Sohra.
“50% should be allocated separately for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo who are the low income hill tribes. family with sufficient income.
“We will convene a meeting with the political parties and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs to discuss who should take the lead in this complaint. “It's about this issue,” said Bindo. He said the UDP doesn't want to do it itself because it might cause any differences and he wants to consult with everyone first.
Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, BJP candidate, said that although he came fourth, the vote he received was almost equal to the vote of the pastor in 2009, who came third.
Lawsohtun CC scored 107 runs in 13.4 overs and lost only two wickets to win the title by six wickets.
New Delhi: The parents of a young girl who died after receiving Covishield injection have filed a complaint against the Serum Institute of India (SII). It comes after the British company, AstraZeneca, admitted in court that the injection can cause other diseases in the human body in some cases.
“The BJP has injured my leg to prevent me from contesting elections; but they don't know that I have conquered Bengal using only one leg and then I will go with two legs to conquer Delhi in the days to come.
He said that the Hima Sohra collects revenue from all these illegal shops in Majai, some once a month, some once a year, some every Tuesday and every Saturday. The Office Incharge of the Hima at Majai has been informed of the figure.
Shillong, November 9: A woman has been threatened by the Rangbah Shnong for seeking information through RTI regarding the IAY scheme. .Dkhar and lodged a complaint at Ummulong Beat House that on the 12th of this month, the Rangbah Shnong of Thadlaskein Block, Kitbok Rymbai, had threatened her just because she had gone to Thadlaskein Block to seek information through RTI. You have received a phone call from 9856158320 on the 27th of this month.
This war is known as the 1st Anglo-Khasi War by the world and was the longest and most terrible war in the Khasi era.
He said that it is also important for the people of this region to know the people or residents of the country in other parts of India as well.
HTTA President Kordor Mawlong said that the overcharging by brokers at Guwahati Airport ranges from T.600 to T.1500 depending on the type of vehicle. While in Meghalaya, they don't do this, they pay only the line fee of T.150 tyngka.
Nongpoh, Nailur 20: About 51 supporters from the UDP, Congress and NPP on Saturday joined the BJP as part of the preparations for the 2023 election from Nongpoh Constituency.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Prestone said that Banteidor's statement on the allegation that the NPP has offered up to Rs 5 crore is just an election ploy.
He said the Government of India has agreed to set up venues for the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) examination in Shillong, Jowai and Tura in the coming struggle to free the youth from the problems.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said the Government will take the Bill to the Legislative Assembly in the next Budget Session.
He said that all this has caused the people to suffer, as they have to go to Mawshynrut for work.
Ms Kharsyntiew said it is difficult for others to understand the plight of domestic workers because they work in private homes and do not have protection and security.
Shillong: The State Government has approved to clear the five-month arrear of SSA teachers amounting to T.47 crore in installments from July this year.
He said that once the new government comes to Assam, talks will be held.
It is true that these kinds of dreams about the future of our small nation come to light and despair when I look at and judge the state of our nation come to overwhelm my mind, but hope itself. It is still there while his life is not over to support and encourage our fellow countrymen.
Psalms 2:1- Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing?2:2 – The kings of the earth rise up, and the rulers take counsel together, against the LORD. , and against his anointed, saying, 2:3 – Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us.
He is always with the people, and you will find him when you go looking for him.
Defender Lamare, Chairman of Umden Umsaiprah Pyllun, said that the reason why Umsaitprah Village has decided to turn this place into a tourist destination is because they have seen and found that this place is a tourist destination. It is perfect and beautiful for the purpose of becoming a village and at the same time, that the village wants to develop the village through tourism.
He said that these three persons are miners in Ichamati and they are also involved in benami business and they have blocked the income of the state and have not complied with the rules of issuing licenses. foreigners and now they accuse the Sengbhalang of discriminating against the people.
Similarly, some of the students have to walk for 1 or 2 days to get home.
“But the only thing is that if we use the Word of God to bring good in society, in human beings it is important but if we use the Word of God without understanding without asking or to kill “If you don't blame anyone or anyone, that's completely wrong,” said Fr. Richard.
The question now is whether he has forgotten that year when he held a public meeting at DONBOSCO SQUERE in Laitumkhrah, when he was the Leader of the Students' Union and all the people who came to that meeting. The day whether they are the people or the crowd, because that word also says, don't look at the thngait of others, look first at your own thngait.
Thabah said the Meghalaya High Court has already replied that the State Government should not force those who have already been vaccinated against COVID-19 to be tested.
It has also become clear that the conspiracies are to undermine the implementation of the Khadar system of freedom and democracy in India and to establish or bring in the rule of Muslim religious leaders," she said. news source.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 17: One person was killed and four others injured when a vehicle collided with a river in Sohwanthiang on Saturday.
According to him, fortunately, there was no special program or morning prayers or night prayers.
The MPCC has urged all MPs, MLAs, MDCs and MPCC office bearers to take part in this census to get information on the losses of the people due to the lockdown.
Speaking at the meeting, Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS urged all government departments to join hands to conduct awareness programmes and campaigns. To explain the dangers of HIV/AIDS, you cannot explain by posting posters or in any other way.
The scheme is also for providing traditional school education to the children.
He said the vision of the BJP party, regarding the farmers, is to increase the financial assistance they have received through the PM-kisan samin nidhi scheme, which is currently 6000 tyngka to 8000 tyngka per month. and to provide assistance through the Chief Minister Landless Farmers to farmers who do not own their own farmland worth 3000 tyngka per annum.
In this incident, it was also seen that there was a show of force between the police and the vendors, who decided to continue to sell if it happens as it happens, because They were too tired and too difficult to eat and drink in their own homes.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) will hold a selection of athletes for the 1st North East Olympic Games 2018 to be held in Imphal, Manipur on 6th March at 8 am at the JN Stadium Polo. 24- 28th March including men and women over 16 years for the 100,400,1500,5
On the other hand, the residents also demanded that if the MeECL office has no connection with the centre, it should immediately take action against these people who have installed these bill payment points. take advantage of the water of the poor and needy who have no knowledge.
On the other hand, he said that through the existence of this facility, the youth will have the opportunity to use it in various sports especially Badminton so that the talented youth can also hold it as a venue. exercise.
In its order, the High Court dismissed the case after the State Government informed that it has already prepared a formula for the release of the outstanding salary arrears of the SSA teachers. inform all SSA teachers that the State Government has agreed to pay the remaining salary arrears (amounting to T.47 crore) for five months from 1st November 2016 to 28th June 2017,” said MSSASA President Aristotle C Rymbai in a statement issued on Friday.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Minister said that the Government is committed to bringing various programs and policies to the youth.
IV/2023/152 Dated 11th July, 2023, was issued by the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District.
Now we see that after 1878 years (70 AD-1948 AD) God brought the Israelites back to their homeland.
About two owners of the two damaged houses have received financial assistance of T.1,30,000; One owner of the cows was given T.40,500 and the owner of a damaged shop received T.25,000, he said.
“This order of the High Court should shock the state government not to act against the people, land owners and residents of the state and the AITC will wait for the The court will hear the case again,” he said.
The trucks were released in the evening while during the day they were not allowed to pass.
Even more profitable is to convert jhur, the excess fruits and vegetables that can be converted into pig or goat feed.
The purpose of the mission is to train cow farmers to produce clean milk to encourage production in rural areas.
At present, only Phinian Thongni, Luis Syiemlieh, Gilbert Dkhar, Mildred Syiemlieh, Kaldinus Dkhar, Tarsus Lyngkhoi, Nober Sangriang and Kalbinus Sangriang are still in custody.
The San Seng group also urged everyone to stop working tomorrow.
Police have seized the drugs and two mobile phones and registered a case against them under Lumshnong PS Case No.07(02)24 u/s 21 (b)/ 29 NDPS Act.
Therefore, the Church Leaders urge the government to do this as soon as possible for the benefit of all.
Please contact us at 9612154102 Bah Rasting Thabah, Treasurer, 9436117184 Bah HS Shylla, Chairman, 7630091170 Bah Egenststar Kurkalang Nongum, Vice-Chairman.
He said that all the employees of the Institute should love and enjoy the workplace because it has allowed them to live in peace with their relatives. Respect for one's work is respect for the country as a whole.
Congress leader Jairam Ramesh today said the BJP government intends to abolish the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
Ka Sagarmala, Bharat Mala, Parvat Mala, port-led development.
Regarding the monthly deposit of T.3,47,000/-, the annual deposit of T.2,24,000/- has been received from the public and members of IVCS. 1,50,000 including Computer, tables and Droll, Corpus Fund 2,50,000/-, Honorarium 30,000/- and others. aid.
“Ka seng says that the SP of East Khasi Hills should be responsible if any tragic incident happens,” said Bah Dohtdong.
The incident happened at around 5 pm and some people have recorded video of the incident.
Harry Kane, who came to score from the penalty spot, scored the ball into the net.
Superintendent of Police, WKH, HG Lyngdoh, said that the drug seizure is the highest in WKH and the drugs were smuggled from Assam with the intention of smuggling to West Garo Hills. Nongstoin road.
Shillong: U Vijay Raj, Vice Chairman of the State Government Program Implementation and Monitoring Committee, on Tuesday said, “It is true that my appointment as Vice Chairman has been opposed by some political parties. “I am the former President of the Non Tribal Youth Union (NTYU) and although I have explained, they continue to oppose and this has affected the work of the State Government”.
The managers of these places of worship should request these thermometers from the District Medical and Health Officer, the Department of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of Meghalaya and the Department will provide these thermometers on a fee basis. 2) Only persons without symptoms will be allowed to enter the places of worship. 3) Only persons wearing masks may enter. Posters in English and local languages ​​explaining the precautionary measures against COVID-1
Shillong: The MBOSE today announced the results of Class XII in Science and Commerce.
The KSU has demanded that the MDA government should immediately resolve the border issue of the state and also demanded to stop the construction as this is not a mission work but a land grab.
Muslims in Khasi-PnarMuslims in Khasi-Jaintia.
Ahmad dropped out of school in October 2017 and a year later joined the militant group led by Masood Azhar.
Tomorrow has no value in front of today.
In the first half, MLP FT took the lead by two goals with Niwan O Gatphoh scoring the first goal in the 12th minute and the second goal in the second minute. Chesterfield Nongdhar scored the second goal in the 17th minute and Nongdaju FC struggled to score again in the 17th minute. Iawphniaw scored the third goal in the 17th minute.
The incident was very shocking in which the Jeep was completely shattered from the front of the vehicle until the front wheel fell to the side of the road. The Sumo went straight to the residence of the people.
The woman said that the reason why she didn't want to register for Aadhaar was because she heard a voice from Jesus saying that she didn't like the Aadhaar number. Aadhaar, you are a wild animal,” she said.
Rahul said that many jobs have been created in small factories, but the government has taken away lakhs of crores of rupees from these small factories and handed them over to the rich.
“Alcohol is the root of all evil,” said Kong Wahlang. She urged the people especially women to fight against crime and to inform the police immediately when they encounter any incidents of drug trafficking. mock.
On July 10, the Governor, Satya Pal Malik, directed the Government to set up an inquiry into the failure of the three ADCs to submit their accounts for the past years.
ix) The Anandacoomaraswamy Fellowship for writers related to Sri Lanka.
These include EGH: 08, EJH: 04, EKH: 238, NGH: 10, RBD: 19, SGH: 09, SWGH: 06, SWKH: 44, WGH: 79, WJH: 24 and WKH:
Urging the people to accept the BJP, Shangpliang said, “The BJP party is the one that can bring about development, so we don't have anything but the development of the state. I don't know why, but I'm sure you'll join the BJP.
It was also found that in the rural areas, the benefits of livestock such as cows, goats and pigs are not only because they generate income but also because the eggs they turn into fertilizer for planting and cultivation are important. exceed.
This will create jobs for the women in the state , we should export these outside the state and we would like to urge the government to announce a special railway for the North Eastern States to transport these are the goods that we produce in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 07 : The Riwar Mihngi Social Welfare Sport Association (RISA) invites all clubs in the Riwar area to join the Association.
Shillong, Naitung 24 : There have been 88 new cases of COVID-19 in the state on Tuesday, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
But two of them had no fish because they were dead and there were only four of them.
Why do I say that God gives people good and bad things?
Lower Primary School teachers from Meghalaya also arrived in Delhi on the closing day of the Yatra. Hundreds of teachers led by the General Secretary of AMPSTA, Bah FC Shullai and Dr. President of AMPSTA Mirthunjoy Marak.
“In the past years, the UDP has called for car dealers, government officials to contest the elections but this time it has called for the poor and the farmers. to the thong", he said.
The dead man had one and he had never been injected.
The cost of medicines purchased under the NRHM scheme has reached T.4.25 crore and the cost of medicines purchased from Shillong Civil Hospital is unknown.
Hek also urged the residents of the state to come forward and get the vaccine so that they can prevent the spread of the disease.
They said that the promise of sports grounds, roads, schools, drinking water, health centres, employment, are the top issues that they used to shout during the election campaign, but until and at the end of five years these promises of theirs were not fulfilled.
Shillong: The State Government will fight against the petition of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on the Iewmawlong Them in the Supreme Court.
According to information received, Tripura has a total of 83 police stations, including 8 police stations run only by women policemen.
Cardiff University found that 89% of Welsh children between the ages of 12 and 14 surveyed said they used these drinks – with 68% of them drinking these soft drinks anyway like once a week.
I believe that the people of the country including the states in the North East including Meghalaya have been neglected in development, education, training and But now under Modi's vision of a new India, many opportunities are coming.
The Assam government has taken this step after an earlier report revealed the lack of monitoring regarding the availability of formalin in the country. fish imported into the state.
Superintendent of Police, EKHD, Shillong, Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the seizure was made on Saturday.
He said the Congress party is not in the state to gain power but to protect the uniqueness of the state.
Upon arrival at the house of the lawyer, Bah Shanbor first expressed his gratitude for his help.
He said NEHUSU has lodged an FIR against the members of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP).
The roster system is one that can bring about the reconciliation of the victims, especially the Achik people who have suffered from this for a long time.
Shillong, Jymmang 18 : The Congress candidate from Shillong, North, Bah JA Lyngdh, on Tuesday said that they are deeply saddened to hear that the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah in his speech in Garo Hills, Meghalaya has been alleged to rank first in corruption in the country.
Referring to the situation in Manipur, the ABVP said the entire country is deeply saddened by what has happened and said that something behind the incident should be revealed.
Another threat to the state is that the delivery of kyiad to the homes is the main route for other alcoholic beverages.
He urged the parents and also the youth who are in search of jobs to turn away from expecting too much government jobs but to turn to their own jobs.
At this meeting, it was also announced that on July 6, 2023, the office bearers of the Sohra District Demand Forum (SDDF) have been renewed. Banlam Lyngdoh as Secretary, Atiar Syiemlieh and Alan West Kharkongor as Advisors among others.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jemino said that after the hearing of the State Election Committee of the UDP, it has decided to announce the names of the candidates from Garo Hills. the names of the 32 candidates.
Shillong: Members of the HITO in Ri Bhoi District have seized 10 illegal coal trucks near ICAR Ribhoi District.
“I have ordered them to leave these rooms immediately because this campus is the headquarters of DHS(MI),” said Dr Aman. they are created and deceived.
He also suggested to the Central Library, NEHU to send a proposal to DoNER to start a Digital Archive project on the information of Meghalaya and the North East so that it will benefit the state and the North East. the entire region which will also contribute to tourism.
Shillong: KL Bajoria College has won the Inter-College Basketball Championship 2019 by beating St. John's Basketball Championship 57-56 in the men's category. Anthony College, Shillong in the final match today at NEHU Permanent Campus, Shillong.
However, since the “Swacch Bharat” program of the CM has been implemented well in our country, we have seen that almost all the villages have joined hands to get cleanliness and hygiene in their villages.
“I am pleased to see that the collaboration of the MBA, BFI and the government has made this championship a success,” said Bah Shakliar Warjri.
This is not because from the beginning it has been thynrei and there is no difference in the children because of the difference in the seed.
For the residents who need foreign architects to design their houses, the Dorbar Shnong has decided to allow foreign contractors to work within 10 months.
“We hope that there will be no more power outages in the state and that the Government should be clear and speak clearly regarding this notice so that the people will know. the truth in this regard".
I am grateful to the religious leaders in Shillong who have stood up to protect the Christian community by persuading the government to stop this plan,” said John.
“Nongstoiñ College is an institution that is close to my age, it is a very large institution with 3000 students, but it doesn't receive any assistance from but now they have sanctioned 15 posts for teachers”.
Non-Khasis say that the Khasi language gives the feminine determiner “Ka” to those things that are good, great, precious, etc.
Rudolf MB Marweiñ, Beibeipatha (EKHD), Salgado CH Sangma (WGHD) and Damanbha Khyriem (EKHD) have been selected as reserves.
Under the leadership of the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Bah MH Kharkrang, the gypsy vehicles have passed throughout Shillong, especially to those places where there are Pujas. pandal.
The IMD has witnessed a strong cyclone in the Bay of Bengal on the morning of the 26th of this month. in the northwestern and adjoining parts of the Bay of Bengal before reaching Bangladesh and hitting the state from midnight on the 26th of this month with strong winds. .
Soybeans are rich in antioxidants known as lycopene while broccoli is rich in phytonutrients known as sulfur.
When we look back at the Khasi people, we see injustice in relation to inheritance.
We have set the right price for those related to the election expenditure of the candidates,” said the officer in charge of the expenditure of the candidates.
“The Congress' complaint against Lalit Modi, who was declared a fugitive by the Congress, has been found by the BJP not to be a fugitive but now the BJP is implementing a law against him.
Remind Mylliem scored the first goal for Lumtrom-B in the 21st minute while Gradely Mylliem scored the second goal for Lumtrom-A in the 30th minute.
On Sunday, St. John Mary Vianney Parish Nongkasen has appointed another Deacon Desing John Nongphud, CSC.Ha. The Archbishop of Nongstoin, Most Rev Wilbert Marweiñ (Bishop) of Nongstoin, Shillong, has consecrated him as a Priest at St. John Mary Vianney Parish, Nongkasen.
Public explanation was given on four issues raised by the Dorbar Shnong and the first issue was on cleanliness.
“So it will be difficult for us to work with other political parties," he said.
The TSA does not allow unfounded harassment.
“And my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be” Revelation 22:1
Thus, in relation to the RTI search, it was found that in the year 2019 – 2020, the lists or names of those who received the scheme for kwai, tympew, sohtrun, sohniamtra and other agricultural products.
The Pastor in his speech, said that this world in which we live is one of God's Creations.
“We the Congress stand against the CAA and we will continue to oppose any actions of the BJP government against the people,” he said.
When walking and standing on the streets, the people are in great fear, because they don't know who has this disease because now there is no testing like last year.
The meeting was conducted by the Staff incharge of CKDS Usefull Amrynsong in charge of Dkhiah East and welcome speech was delivered by the Waheh Dong of Dkhiah East in the presence of Zonal Supervisor (ZS) Dauni Waneimi Sutnga and others. others.
Many parts of the road have collapsed and have affected the traffic of the people living in the villages in the Umsiang area and especially at this time, since The Meghalaya-Assam Bridge at Umsiang village has been closed.
Initially, the factories that were established were in accordance with the law.
According to the writer (Moses) of the book of Genesis in Gen. 2:4, the account of the creation of the heavens and the earth when they were created is as follows.
The Asia Book of Records has selected him for the award with the joint approval of the India Book of Records, the Vietnam Book of Records and the Nepal Book of Records.
Small ethnic groups such as the Khasi, are in a fierce struggle and this struggle is a struggle to survive on earth because of the excessive floods of the Hehpaid which can destroy their race from the ground up. being special.
He also praised the cleanliness and hygiene, the ability of the management to make this Mission a success.
He said the HYC will also meet with the law enforcement authorities to demand that they should arrest and punish all those involved in the incident.
“For more than three months, the people of Manipur have been facing various problems due to protests and violence but the Prime Minister does not have time to go to Manipur for only 10 days or two days to appeal to the people to protest. peace and order in the state,” said the Leader of the Opposition.
The Sordars also asked the DC that before any inspection, the office should inform the Sordars so that they can inform the people or the land owners and the DC. I promised to do so, said the officer.
Leaders of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) from Mamata Banerjee Chairperson and Abhishek Banerjee General Secretary have spoken to party leaders in Meghalaya and sent their condolences to the families of those affected. “This is a tragic incident,” said Dr Mukul.
Sagar Sharma and Manoranjan D are the two leaders in the House.
Bilty is the mother of Wanmon Rngad, Lamki Rngad and Pynchit Rngad.
The Chief Guest, Kong SE Kharpran in her speech, urged the farmers to do better and work harder and to make proper use of this subsidy from the government and reminded that unity is essential to overcome any obstacles.
Government programmes, innovations in private healthcare systems and the adoption of digital solutions have transformed 'affordable health for all' and built a platform that provides access to healthcare and change according to needs to reduce healthcare access costs and thus play a very large role in disease prevention.
Although the UDP has not yet announced whom it will nominate, the Congress has seen that MDC Gabriel Wahlang has expressed his intention to contest the election if the Congress party wins. tickets this time.
On the peace talks with the HNLC, the Prime Minister wished for lasting peace in Meghalaya and urged the State Government to take action in this regard and try to resolve it as soon as possible. and all the works of the jam.
“According to the news that came out today, it is a pleasant and happy thing for the coal miners because of the ability of the SCCCMD to work hard for the release of coal. “We also congratulate the organization,” said Bah R.Nongsiej, one of the coal miners.
They were identified as Daniel Ikenna Agbasi, 24, Mathew Ifeanyichukwu Nwoye, 25 and Victor Ekwebili,
These days we see that as a nation, we are wrong to elect leaders, especially when the money that many people use to buy each and every person to elect them has been spent. as leaders or leaders.
BJP Spokesperson in Meghalaya, Bah M Kharkrang said that the scheme will be implemented by the Central Government from 1st July
In fact, our visit to this village and area is to provide education to children who cannot get the opportunity as children in urban areas.
The PYTIN has decided to build a school in Domïasiat after the death of Meiieit Spility, which was her dream, after the government had closed down the LP School in Domïasiat. In 2005, due to the opposition of the people to the mining of uranium in Domïasiat.
Corruption is not caused by poverty, but poverty is caused by corruption.
Shillong, Lber 30: The President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit on Friday expressed his confidence that the VPP will get full support even in Garo Hills in the upcoming elections even if there are those who try to win the elections. The VPP is a party of the Khasi people who will take away the rights of the Garo people.
In the Khasi custom, the property of the parents is handed over to the youngest child.
On the other hand, the union urges the government to release the money as many people have been affected and urgently need assistance.
If you look at the law, it is impossible how there can be Ward Commissioners and MDCs at the same time and in the same place.
On the other hand, the HC has suggested to find other measures to reduce the congestion by building new roads, parking lots or making some roads one way. flyover which the government proposes to build in Rilbong and Jhalupara so that the congestion on the road leading to Shillong can be removed and we urge the government to continue this good initiative,” said the order.
The total number of cases of covid-19 in the state has risen to 1.64 lakh so far and it is the state with the highest number of cases in the country.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the report of the former Adviser has been received and RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said that Meghalaya is the fastest growing state. This is in line with the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's recent admission that Meghalaya is the fastest growing state not only in the North East but in the country.
They alleged that the action of the Civil Hospital Shillong against the Rangbah has threatened the public how to take precautionary measures to avoid the spread of COVID-19 and the announcement of his illness. COVID-19 after burial is no longer useful, in fact the hospital authorities should have informed from the beginning so that the relatives and friends can know how to protect themselves.
now i don't have a light.
He said that in fact the state government has approved to set up two Police Out Posts, one at Madan Umwang and one at Umlaper in 2015 and the Dorbar Shnongs of these two villages have agreed to set up two Police Out Posts. The No-Objection Certificate (NoC) has been approved, but the surprising thing is that the state government has remained silent.
“This is the principle that the party follows.
C.Khongsit, Genl.
But Jesus came to be light and truth so that darkness and untruth would flee away.
The JSU War Jaintia Circle has also requested the SDO of Amlarem Sub-Division, Abhilash Baranwal, to take action.
“As I have joined the Sengbhalang groups, I have only one goal to fight for the sake of protecting the country and our nation against the enemies from outside and inside the state.
It is to be recalled that these are the areas where traffic is high, as there is no speed breaker to prevent the speeding of vehicles which poses a threat to the residents especially the school children.
“Don't you see that all the TMC candidates and leaders in the state are from Meghalaya,” he said.
“2.
This comes a day after the state BJP led by President Ernest Mawrie met with National Party President JP Nadda in Delhi to send a complaint against the corruption allegations in the state BJP. The State BJP, led by its President Ernest Mawrie, has met National President JP Nadda in Delhi to request for action on the allegation that there is a corruption in the two district councils and on the illegal mining and trade of coal in the state.
Denis Mulieh scored the first goal in the 36th minute.
During the meeting, the Minister discussed with the Minister and officers the strategies on how to improve the health facilities whether it is in terms of construction and providing health services to the beneficiaries.
Hallelujah! Daniel 3:1-30 These are the secrets of finding peace even in the midst of the storm.
Prof. Streamlet Dkhar, Dean, Humanities, NEHU, spoke about Thomas Jones from 1841 to the day of his death.
The first is the fact that waste generation is something that we cannot eliminate.
The deterioration of the road from Laitlyngkot to Dawki due to the suspension of the construction of the road due to the flight of road construction companies has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers, farmers and others. also to the owners and drivers of vehicles who use this road every day.
Shillong, June 5: The annual Sukra Shad of the Sein Raij Muthlong, West Jaintia Hills District, will start on the 8th and end on the 9th of June at Madan Nohrong in Thadmuthlong.
Shillong: Imson FC on Saturday beat Smit FC in the 1st Division of the SSA.
Because it is abundant in the Dkhar border areas, I believe that these areas are suitable for sha.
Portugal and Germany now have three points each in Group F. In another match, France drew 10 goals each with Hungary. Attila Fiola scored in the 45th minute and Antoine Griezman scored for France in the 66th minute.
He said that it was through this day that he allowed others to register for the post of Rangbah Shnong in Baridua.
Police also did not allow people to enter the market or Khyndai Lad.
Saul was changed, and he was called Paul.
“This is something that worries the party because it destroys the revenue of the state.
New Delhi: The Government has extended the deadline for completion of various tax related tasks under the Income Tax Act.
Speaking to reporters, the SP of WKHD, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that all the 39 polling stations have not yet received any suspicion or doubt that there may be any problems. not happy.
Shillong: Meghalaya lost by 92 runs in the third match of the Vijay Hazare Trophy against Jhar Khand on Saturday. shower.
It is understood that the Congress inspector will soon visit Meghalaya to review the party's situation in the state and will meet with MLAs and party leaders.
Speaking to reporters, DGP Dr LR Bishnoi said that after receiving a tip, a drug dealer named Gary was about to leave Jiribam. Police have set up check posts to conduct searches around the area to arrest the suspect.
But once again I want to say, You can love whomever you want to love, human or animal, but remember for your own pleasure don't make a war against many people later. in the bud.
During the march, there were also robbers who shot and bombed foreigners who were walking and riding in their vehicles and those riding on two wheelers. and the chariots were everywhere.
“We are conducting a thorough investigation to find out the facts,” he added.
Dawki is 81 km from Shillong and one of the commercial hubs, has witnessed an influx of domestic and foreign tourists.
He said that as of now , not only the death of traders or the unemployment of youth , but what is more serious , he said that it is the stagnation of development projects in the country He said that even the roads cannot be cleaned now because of the lack of stone from the state.
Therefore, it is one of the most important plants and I strongly urge every household in Khasi-Jaintia to do their best to include or share this plant in the dish. which is yours every day.
This is the first time such a festival has been held in this area; The main objective of the festival is to introduce the Lamu Valley and two nearby valleys to the world. In East Jaintia Hills, there are still many beautiful places.
"He also said that Lent is a time to help others in the community and in the spirit of mutual love.
The match ended in a 1-1 draw in both halves, but the referees took the match to the Tie Breaker, Shillong. United FC beat Ri Bhoi Police 1-0
On the other hand, to prevent the entry and exit of people especially at night, it was also decided to talk to the Forest Department as this is still a forest of the department, to dig and build a gate. to enter and to leave this forest.
He said the state government is also seeking assistance from the central government for the provision of drinking water in New Shillong.
The Syiems as the upholders of the customs and traditions should not forget to look back and I am pleased to say that the Himas within the Jaitbynriew that it is time to revive the Land Laws as it was. In November 1929, the Khasi National Dorbar regarding the customary land tenure system with the confirmation that Hima or Raid lands are Community Lands and Unlike the “Ri Syiem” and “Bam Syiem” lands, they shall not be used without the knowledge of the Dorbar Hima as a whole.
Therefore, this has been a violation of the Constitution of the country. As you have said, I have the right to set the rules and as you have said, I hope you will accept this.
The Executive Committee will consider and study these 8 Acts and will take action to amend them soon and send them back to the Governor.
What surprised the members of the Seng was that on the day of the inspection, no one was found to take medicine or patients to be treated at the PHC. It is also learned that the residents of the area do not feel comfortable going to the PHC on the days when there is no doctor because most of the time they do not get their needs as patients and patients.
On 23rd July 2022, the Director of Mineral Resources, Mining Engineer, Mining Officer of the Department of Mining and Geology together with Police Inspector Bah D Mawlein visited the scene to investigate the incident.
Some believe that 9 stairs are in heaven, this is doubtful to accept.
“These members were recruited by Sohan D Shira, the GNLA chief of staff, to make arms buyers for the GNLA from Dimapur,” said IGP (Operations), GHP Raju.
“The VPP also stands for those foreigners who are the rightful citizens of Meghalaya,” said the General Secretary of the VPP. I support this party in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
In the women's category, Sloane Stephens defeated Karolina Pliskova to advance to the second round, after Sloane Stephens had a strong focus in her initial match. of the match for a 6-0, 6-4 victory over Pliskova.
This is where Mom starts spreading rumors about sleep deprivation.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Batskhem said that they came to the meeting because they wanted change.
Ram Lanong won karate, Honda Papang won taekwondo and Echwamidao Phawa won wrestling.
Why did you get Assam?
There were 6 cases of illness.
The Assam government has also built a road in Khatkasla Psiar area of ​​West Jaintia Hills District.
We are still poor, we are still backward, we are still backward in knowledge and education in front of other nations, we are still low paid in front of the world.
The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) on 30th July 2023 has registered a complaint against welfare worker Bah Joannes JTL Lamare regarding the incident which happened on Thangskai Cement Limited (Topcem) has been destroyed by the residents of Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills District. the company.
A leader who knows people, knows God and who has knowledge and who can bring about development in the Constituency.
These days, people should think that when we come to this world, we come empty-handed.
According to a statement from Clarence House, Charles' doctors have not been able to explain where the disease came from because of the many meetings he had at Buckingham Palace.
“This is just his attempt to turn illegal activities into a political issue without any reason,” he added.
Indian Minister Upendra Kushwaha has resigned from his post and sent his resignation letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The VC also acknowledged that if the implementation of the NEP does not get the cooperation of all the colleges, teachers and students it will be very difficult to implement.
The western part of China is experiencing the hottest temperatures in 60 years and is expected to be the hottest in the past 60 years. , compared to the whole world.
Jowai MLA, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla said that the residents should not lose hope and other necessities will be provided in the coming days.
This will be effective from 1st July 2016 until further notice, the statement said.
The Minister said that solar energy will help reduce the consumption of electricity from water and coal.
So far, scientists around the world have not been able to find a cure for this disease and research is still ongoing.
He said that it is through the vision of the Hima Mylliem that the urban and suburban areas still see the dense forests and water wells.
The cleanliness of these faces should be clean.
Kitboklang Nongphlang, President of the party together with leaders from three units of the party including Mawnianglah, Mawkhan and Mawrashe Unit accompanied by Bah Elton Cliff. Warjri, President of FKJGP East Khasi Hills.
“Bah Sanbor is in the government, and he should listen to the government because if he doesn't listen, he will lose many of the benefits he will get from the government,” said Bah Mylliemngap.
Police said that the post mortem has been completed and the body is still at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
On the other hand, the Minister of Water Affairs urged the people to cooperate with the government until the rainy season and the water reservoirs will be filled.
The mothers of these arrested persons said that these policemen have escaped from the village authorities regarding the arrest of these persons, because there was no information or information to the authorities of the village. the city to come to camp.
On the other hand, RBI officials gave training to the public through a Power Point Presentation on how the RBI works, how to deposit money in banks and also to be careful of E-mails, SMS. , Phones from fraudsters who often fall and lose money to such fraudsters.
“Therefore, the EC has decided not to take part in the upcoming election.
Therefore, the intention to make “ONE” in any field will not succeed.
In another match, Nongsohphoh beat Nongrah 2-0 with the goals scored by V Shangpliang (13) and N Lyngkhoi (21).
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, has made it clear that no political meetings or religious services will be allowed; However, on 31st November 2021, the BJP held its meeting at the Assam Club, Laban.
After that, a public hearing will be held in Shillong.
that has a barieh.
The meaning of 'Ephphatha' was also explained as the word written in the Gospel of Mark, where Jesus said the word 'Ephphatha' so that those who could not speak could speak, those who could not speak The hearing have heard, the blind have seen, so we take this book, as one that gives hope to those with disabilities, we thank God that we have been able to walk. Through the help of God, we invite all our friends inside the district and those outside to join hands with us so that we can really deliver the help to our brothers and sisters. “In the ministry, while we are alive we should serve, because if we do good even to a small person, we believe that God blesses us, now Here we have these friends who come to take medicine, now we have only a few and we still need awareness programs in East Jaintia Hills District, so that we can understand this problem, when we walk, the Ephphatha Society, the It was found that there is one way to bring love among other people as well as those with disabilities, so we as leaders and members of the Society have established others as well. training programs for people with disabilities, such as training in dressmaking and music, including Western Music and traditional music, the purpose of The Society in connection with these training programs hopes that other friends as well as those with disabilities will have the opportunity to come and be trained at this Centre” “We are pleased that as we intend She said that at present, there are more than 35 trainees, 7 of whom are disabled. At this centre, they understand that they are truly precious people, because they have friendship with others in the Centre, they have celebrated birthdays, the Society itself is pleased to invite them to Therefore, we are looking for a pleasant word to call them, which is like a hug of love for them so that we can bring their glory.”“We thank God that in this Dr S.Syiem, from Sanker, this is the purpose of God, one of the residents of Ladrymbai, who has just wandered away, the Your mother is sick, because she has a stroke, your father has a mental disability, so he has gone to the streets, he doesn't understand life, so we as a society when we see We took him to San Ker and asked Doctor Syiem to help us and by the grace of the doctor we put him in Sanker. doctors and staff of Sanker,” said Bah Sapuh.
The HNLC also alleged that the allegation that the party used to deceive the youth by giving them money and vehicles shows that it is the police who reward the police and punish them. , who torture and kill and imprison many leaders or people and they receive rewards, money, promotion, medals and other gifts and thus, he said that the youth of Hynniewtrep also Shillong: UDP leader cum publicity secretary, HNLC, has said that the UDP leader and the UNFC have the right to receive awards if they fight against anyone who threatens the people of Hynniewtrep. Nongpoh MLA Bah Mayralborn Syiem said that there are religious groups which are working hard and trying to take advantage of the dangerous situation in relation to religion or belief in the border of the state. Meghalaya and Assam part of the country and the state needs to be vigilant.
“We must be determined to achieve our dreams and not be discouraged in sports.
Students who have received and received these marksheets are kindly requested to send their marksheets to the Presidents/Secretaries of the units in Nongthliew Circle or by sending them via whatapp to No.9366398687/9 The deadline for submission of marksheets is on or before 26/01/2021, said Samla Bistarjune Marbaniang, Education Secretary KSU Nongthliew Circle.
This was stated by Bah Samlin Malngiang while speaking at the opening ceremony of the village road connecting Umsaw Domhoi to Mawshuti on Monday.
The Bible Society of India Mawkyrwat Branch was first established in 1972 and in 2023 it has celebrated its 50th anniversary. Mawkyrwat Branch has organized a football tournament between Tymmen Basan & Rangbah Balang against Pastors by setting up Donation Boxes as a sign to raise funds for the construction of the BSI Mawkyrwat. Branch in Mawkyrwat to commemorate the day and year of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the Branch.
The new and larger Assembly will accommodate up to 888 members of the Lok Sabha and 300 members of the Rajya Sabha.
Police have alleged that the former leader of the Kaikhlaw KNU has fought with a team of policemen with a knife while they were trying to arrest him for his involvement in two IED bomb blasts at Laitumkhrah Market on the 10th. Nailar and Khliehriat Police Reserve on 14th November.
The suspects were identified as Denial Marngar, 40, Jayless Marngar, 27, and Diferwell Marngar, They were arrested by the police on charges that their mother was a witch and a murderer.
If the demand is high, the price of rice will increase.
In this regard, the union strongly opposes the insult to NEHU by the central government where although it is a well-known educational institution but it has been insulted by the government because according to the only a place of refuge for a few people who had connections with the authorities from Delhi.
In the past few months, Frank said that there has been an earthquake and this has happened, when an earthquake measuring 6.2 on the Richter scale occurred on 29th June Carlsberg ridge, Yemen.
He also urged the students, besides their talents, to be more diligent and hardworking in their studies, to become children who know the day and know how to respect their teachers and parents. so that they can reach the goal they want in their lives.
Unfortunately, both the youths drowned at the scene although other friends who went with them tried to help them.
He urged the students to set a goal and also to reach the goal of protecting their brothers and sisters in the Silchar area and also to show example to others how they can do it. “Your time is still limited to give the best to the country and the nation so do the best don't hesitate, don't be afraid because there is a saying that u Speaking in general, he said, “We have the hope that there will be unity in the future. We must not allow the old way of thinking. Divide and Rule Policy, but we must agree together.
At this meeting, the government will release the full budget for the fiscal year 2014-2
“We are pleased to see the progress and potential of [2
These decisions were taken by the MAWDA and these Dorbar Shnongs at the meeting held on the 14th of this month. All the residents are urged to cooperate.
Saleng, who won three terms from the constituency, joined the Congress after all the Congress MLAs defected to various parties including the Trinamool Congress, UDP, NPP and other parties. On the same day, the Congress also welcomed the four-time MDC from Sutnga-Nongkhlieh Ma Richard Lyngdoh who came to join the party ahead of the MLA elections. They were welcomed by the President of the party, Bah Vincent H Pala in the presence of the Media Coordinator of the AICC, Mathew Anthony and other party leaders.
For those houses that do not exist or are old, the owners should send them to the architect or engineer to see if they comply with the requirements laid down for those areas within the Zone. V. If any houses are found to be unsafe, they should be repaired or strengthened with the assistance of architects or engineers.
Guwahati: Himanta Biswa Sarma of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has been elected as the new Chief Minister of Assam after a thorough discussion with its officials. The party decided on the post of Prime Minister on Saturday after a meeting with Himanta Biswa Sarma and Sarbananda Sonowal.
It is to be recalled that after the shooting death of former HNLC leader, Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, on the morning of 13th July 2021, there were many incidents which led to mass protests across the country. parts of the Khasi Jaintia Hills to demand a fair and independent trial.
“The WJDSA has decided to allow only three players to transfer from one team,” said Lammat and urged the teams to bring their passport photographs of the players who transfer.
“I am the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state and I don't know this person,” said Prestone.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Thirteen civil society organizations have written to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma to meet with them. He spoke on the Meghalaya Benami Prohibition and Detection Bill, the Meghalaya Residential Bill and the entry and exit process of foreigners entering and leaving the state.
Jesus did many miracles along with preaching the Gospel of God.
Ïewrynghep Secondary School will play again on Saturday against Mayqueen Secondary School.
Samla Comingstar said that they have demanded to provide training centers for the students to sit for the NET exam as there are special schemes allocated by the government for this purpose.
“Joining the BJP is also the wish of my supporters and as it turns out today, the hall Khliehriat West was packed with people who came to witness my welcome,” he said. When asked whether she intends to contest the MLA election in 2018, Lyngdoh said she will decide and as of now she will wait for the time before taking the election. decision.
Kamphereiei has published this book in such a way that it will be a helpful book for the students in each chapter and also asks questions because the lack of skills in the preparation of various examinations affects the results. or the marks of the students in the examination.
East Khasi Hills didn't need to worry about scoring the goal, with 46 runs scored by West Khasi Hills bowlers and Sharaisuk Marpna scored 46 runs. Eliza Lyngdoh scored 10 runs and 10 runs to lead the team to victory.
PT Sawkmie announced these schemes in the presence of the Executive Engineer of PWD, C Kharmudai, Rangbah Shnong, P.Khongsit of Mawlai Nongpdeng, K.Khriam of Umjaiur. There was an Assistant Rangbah Shnong and Secretary, while in Phudmuri there was an Acting Rangbah Shnong S.Khongkliam and Secretary Shnong and other residents of the four villages.
However, even if they didn’t lose any wickets, they were limited to 117 runs.
“The statement by the President of the Congress and Shillong MP, Bah Vincent H. Pala that they are ready to form a Government with the MDA-II is nothing, but an attempt to get space in the media. “BJP Meghalaya Pradesh Spokesperson Mariahom Kharkrang said in a statement.
However, if there is no law to maintain this 80 p.
The Government of Meghalaya should set up Police Stations in all border areas especially in areas where there is no conflict.
“On many of the issues of teachers, I am not a victim of any incident, we are here in the government to solve the problems in the state and if there are any problems we will fight to solve them” he added.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The complaint about the lack of performance of MeECL has come not only from the people, but also from the people's leaders, where MLAs from the Ruling and Opposition parties have raised their voices. They have joined together to expose the lack of performance of the authority in charge of the electricity department in the state.
“The Minister promised to complete this within two months but even after 10 months this promise has not come true,” said Bah Ioanis.
He said that at present, there is a land dispute between MUDA and the people in the area.
At the same time, the KSU urges the public to be vigilant against any companies or individuals who come to rob and deceive in various ways with the intention of taking advantage of money. the key.
In the village, men and women, go outside and start praying before sunrise and as soon as it gets dark, this is to pray to the goddess Durga, to protect the goddess. Uttar Pradesh has been affected by the covid-19 pandemic.
KSC&RDBM is also determined to convince the government to upgrade Mawsynram Block to Mawsynram Civil Sub Division. Civil Sub Division: One is to get information on development works or government schemes whether from the Government of Meghalaya or even from the Government of India because as rural people it is difficult to get more detailed information. on government schemes but with the presence of Civil Sub Division it will be easier to know and benefit, for example PM Kisan scheme for farmers, schemes for SHGs, Societies etc. for Skilled Development Programs for young men and women to train in their jobs and employment opportunities.
Ma Embot is survived by his wife Baily Passah, and three children, Dr. Tudiahmai Passah, Arwaka Passah and Sajeki Passah.
Great honor, immoral deeds show the immorality of that person.
From the North East, only two states, Assam and Meghalaya, including Aiti Belti Trattoria from Shillong and Khorikaa Restaurant from Guwahati, have been awarded.
The rally will be held at Manekshaw Stadium, 58 GTC, Happy Valley, Shillong.
As soon as they had finished drinking, they began to talk about what was right and the purpose of their visit. “I believe that as a family you already know and understand the purpose of our visit to your house.
Shillong, Naitung 7: Following the revocation of the Trading License by the KHADC in the market, the Khasi Film Producers Association (KFA) has banned those shops that sell Khasi films and songs. It started first in the Mawlong Market.
If you carry a pla jain when you go to the market, you will have the opportunity to heal yourself.
You are requested to cooperate for the safety of the pet shop and especially to comply with the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
For foreigners, the KHADC authorities have directed them to provide their licences, while for the natives, they have been directed to go to the KHADC office to get proper permission.
A synropktien is composed of words that are added one after another in such a way that the reader or listener understands the meaning of the ang in the synropktien.
It is used in commercial vehicles, pickup trucks and buses.
The TMC MLA from Nongthymmai said that the party has not yet taken any decision on the MP-Lok Sabha elections but as a party it will contest from both the parliamentary seats in Shillong. bad Tura parliamentary seat.
The Branch Manager, State Bank of India Ladrymbai Branch, has promised and welcomed the proposal of the union and promised to join hands with the union to provide training and explanation to the people to get rid of them. deceitful people who want to eat money without producing sweat from the body or without using the brain.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong on Friday, Payeng said his visit was to invite the people of Meghalaya to join the party to fight against the party. corruption, to change the rule of law of other parties over the years.
On the other hand, Bah Wahlang urged all the day laborers not to stop working tomorrow, 23rd November 2013, as the talks with the Director Corporate Affairs were fruitful and the strike was called off. not completely.
They said that on the evening of 03rd November, 2016, a woman named Ibapyn suklin Wanniang suddenly fell ill and lost her hands and feet. They called the neighbors and rushed her to the Civil Hospital, Nongstoiñ (Mawiawban). “I don't know why, but I'm sorry for the injuries. I'm sorry for the injuries. I'm sorry for the injuries. I'm sorry for the injuries. I'm sorry for the injuries. I have been taking care of people for 20 years.
It is unprecedented that other Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States have visited Delhi like the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, as well as other states ruled by non-BJP parties. However, they go only in cases where they need a strong force to negotiate, not to collect and hold meetings because the state government also has the power according to the Constitution.
The incident occurred around 2.15 pm on Saturday, when the militants opened fire on the soldiers who were guarding the area.
The US attack was supported by Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar, Jordan and the UAE, although England did not take part in the attack.
No man jokes with food.24.
Shillong, June 5: U Sh.
Because there will be less money spent during the elections.
This allegation is baseless".
On the other hand, the Synroplang said that the government's increase in the fare could affect the people especially the poor and the school children.
The group of candidates is very interesting this time, as the two candidates mentioned above have won and become MP and MLA 4-4 times each.
The JSU has admitted that it has found that the reason for the shortage of funds of the council is due to corruption within the JHADC. Referring to the budget session of JHADC held on 15 April 2020, the EM incharge of Taxation Department, Winning G Sungoh said that the vehicles 21,019 illegal check points were seized at the two check points of the council at Mookyndur and Ratachera-Umkiang from 1 July 2019 to 29 Feb September 2018 to February 29, 2020 for T.4,83,300/-.
However, Rangdajied scored another goal in the 81st minute through Samson Nongrum to make it 3-1
On the 25th, there will be a Bujai Blang, at Lum Pomblang and the program will be from 2 pm to 4 pm and only 82 participants will be allowed.
He said that if the Government wants to conduct inspections or any tests, it should be done at Khlieh Ïewduh which is the place where the fish are landed.
The UDP-led MPA has 11 MLAs, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has 14 MLAs and the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HPDP) has two MLAs. , KHNAM one MLA, BJP one MLA and two independent MLAs.
This is the spirit of courage because a person knows and knows how to trust himself, he also knows that he can gain the trust of others.
The KSU has questioned how the government wants to import coal from Guwahati when coal is not available in the area.
<As it turns out, the country's men's Kabaddi team has always been a successful team in the Asian Kabaddi Championships; The team has won seven gold medals in the last five rounds of the tournament and the last round was held in Gorgan, Iran in 2017; India beat Pakistan 36-22 in the final to win the tournament.
“What is more shocking is that the Government of Meghalaya has not only failed to protect this smuggling but has not punished or appointed an inquiry into the smuggling between Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd, Badri Rai and Company and Shiva Enterprises to find out the cause,” he said.
The 14-member UDA will not take part.
Looking back to the present day, the leadership of the ancestors seems to have disappeared.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that today a meeting was held with the farmers' organizations from East Khasi Hills district. , they expressed their concern in agriculture due to the government's ban on fertilizers.
After many years, the Garo people began to rise.
Besides these office bearers, seven other members of the Executive Committee were also elected, namely, Prof. Donkupar Syiem, Prof. Xavier P. Mao, Dr. Pankaj Sarkar, Prof. P. Hangsing, Prof. Prasenjit Biswas and Dr. Dokatchi Ch.
In the spirit of solidarity, the Society has unanimously decided to help these Long-Ïing.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills, VK Mantri, who was also present at the event, said that Garo Hills is blessed with natural resources but the people live in poverty.
“Speaking at one of the graduation programmes, Bah Salanbor Kamar, SSA Office, Education Department, praised the hard work of the management of these schools and the Avenues.
The protest came after the opposition met this morning to take a decision to criticize the BJP government for stealing the Pegasus telephone. farmers and then on the government's failure to fight against covid
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: During the Rozgar Mela, the Prime Minister will distribute about 71,000 new appointment letters on the 22nd of November at 10:30 pm through video conferencing.
Nongpoh: Jyntru Sports Club of Umsning on Tuesday beat Umeit Sports Club 2-0 to win the Super League of the RBDSA in the first leg of the RBDSA Super League. The match between Nongthymmai Kyrdem Sports Club and Kyn Joinumran Sports Club ended in a 1-1 draw.
By doing so, it will bring about the welfare of the neighborhood and the health of the community and the Rikhasi as a whole.
For the remaining, the MBRRB has made arrangements to evict and provide accommodation to them, officials said.
How does the Khasi 7 trep think and understand the above issue? 1) In a newspaper issued on 29th November, 2023, the FKJGP expresses its strong opposition to the cleanliness drive on long the day of God.
This storm of inspiration is so strong that it has been able to color and carry away the free thinking of the children of our country and has kept it in the room of thought only by something that the flood has brought and brought away and forgotten has lost the truth.
“We will not succumb to the government's gratitude if they don't give us a letter to implement our demands,” said the president of FKJGP. the opinion of the political parties to curb the influx of mynder.
The Principal of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, Dr. KK Nongsiej, gave a speech at the seminar. The sacrifices we have made for the sake of our rights as a nation are essential.
Many of the elders of this area also acknowledge the darkness of many of the residents of this area.
S Kharbuli scored the first goal for Nongkrem in the 25th minute.
I'm sorry that you didn't do it in the right way.
The incident happened at about 8:30 pm on the NH-6 at Lad Mukhla, West Jaintia Hills District.
However, according to the information received, it was found to be true, as the people who went to get medicine from the CHC had to come back empty handed because there was not a single doctor.
“The Minister of Urban Affairs has prepared a list of areas to be managed by the District Council which includes 6 areas under the jurisdiction of MUDA. and it was handed over to the Council through the powers of the representatives, we didn't want to lympat or kyrdem the table of the Minister, but with the efforts the work was successful and the same work which gathered up to 2 lakh people. in Polo without being able to achieve it"
Shillong Lajong Football Club, which was the last team last season, has now qualified for the semi-finals of the Meghalaya State League (MSL)
There are those who want to be friends with Corona.
The 1st Inter School Invitation Mawpoiñ & Tug of War Competition 2022 is a sign of solidarity with the whole of India in the celebration of the birth anniversary of Major Dhyan. Chand is one of the hockey stars of the country and it is also the year of his 117th birthday as he was born on 29th July,
BJP National Coordinator Arvind Menon today arrived in the city where he met with party leaders to prepare for the elections and to strengthen the party in the state.
At 1.30 pm, hundreds of Garo people gathered outside the police station in Ranikor and threatened with rude words and shot dead a policeman. (UB constable) identified as Dhupsing Marweiñ and several policemen from the Battalion.
This was announced by the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem.
Specialist, O/o DMHO, West Khasi Hills District opened the program with a welcome speech by Dr.R.Marweiñ, Jr.
Even if they do not believe that Jesus is the Son of God who came to earth to save mankind, they still rejoice together at Christmas by honoring Jesus. he is the greatest Prophet and teacher ever born.
Jowai: The Sein Raij Mukhla today concluded its Behdeinkhlam festival in the presence of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and several MLAs including Wailad Shylla. MLAs from Jowai and MLAs from Garo Hills were also present.
In his speech, Mukul Sangma said that political parties fighting for the ILP have not won elections in the past and gave examples of that, such as the HSPDP, KHNAM and said “The Congress party has not promised to discuss the ILP,” he said.
"I speak very clearly to the United States, it will stand firm to protect, every inch of the territory of NATO countries, with the strongest power of the United States" and at the same time "Our troops will not take part in the war between Russia and Ukraine," he said.
To date, Meghalaya has five operational hydro power stations (with a capacity of 354.70 MW) under the management and supervision of the company.
People become refugees for many reasons.
At present, there are only a few villagers who are employed in these dewbilat factories.
The CUET or Common Universities Entrance Test, which was held at the request of the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma in 2022, did not allow the students to sit for the CUET. can be released again this time.
I request the EC members to attend the meeting tomorrow to decide on the next step,” said Myrsing.
However, another government officer sent the names of Commander Shangpliang and Nicholas Kharkongor directly to the Central Government Office.
On the 20th of this month, the wife and children have lodged an FIR at Tura PS. following are the numbers: 9863389561, 6909030952, 6909643618, 9436363922.
To protect the Myntdu and Umngot rivers especially to improve the water forests in these rivers.
Besides, they said that not only this issue of the VPP protest has been discussed by the office bearers, but there are other issues where there is a misunderstanding.
Shillong: The KSU Upper Shillong Circle on 22nd July 2022, has celebrated its two year anniversary by building a garbage dump in the village. Applejack.
The Extra Additional Commissioner, MA Challam read Bible verses followed by prayers from various religious leaders.
This was announced by JMB Chairman Ma Lasooki D Lakiang while talking to media at his office on Monday.
Rymbai has been remanded in custody for 14 days after being arrested by the Criminal Investigation Department (CID).
This time the shad has reached its 100th anniversary and from a small beginning, it has now grown more and more popular as the days and years go by.
To accept that it is true that the Syiem of Sohra had hidden David Scott by covering him with a thlong is too shocking – even a syiar ryngkuh did not allow him to cover himself with a thlong.
The award was presented to him at the fourth meeting of the Forum of Ophthalmology Professors of India (FOPI), Pan India, HOD Ophthalmology Group held at Raigarh, Chhattisgarh on 2nd and 3rd June
The money collected from the poor and needy from Laitlyngkot goes for the comfort of those who are more affluent from different cities of India.
Too much slowness leads to destruction but too much difficulty leads to more difficulty, therefore, it is necessary to lower the voice because peace and anger go together as there is a saying, when you want peace, prepare the battle of peace.
The Minister said the NEC has a glorious history and is expected to continue its good work in the future.
He said that many lands have been allocated to other departments of the Government of India, including land to NEHU, NEIGRIHMS, ICAR, Airport, Army, and factories. The State has not benefited from the allocation of land, but these areas have become places to welcome foreigners to Meghalaya.
At the same time, the Seng urges all those who attended this march to be calm and not to create any disturbances, saying that this demand is not a struggle against anyone. or with any other ethnic group, it is always a demand from the government for the benefit of the youth.
He said the government has taken action in this regard by setting up a facility center at Umling, Mendipathar and Ratachera.
If there is no district council, the exclusivity of the land is lost because the riewlum without land is in trouble.
It forces the first timer visitor to come time and again to taste the sense of its beautifulness.
Jowai, Naitung 24: A truck carrying a motorcycle (No.TR01R 1612) coming from Guwahati to Silchar overturned when it collided with a truck at Tuber village. Congolese village.
About 1200 students listened to the speech of the MP and also asked questions.
East Khasi Hills passed 1477 or 82.88 percent, West Khasi Hills 242 or 77.56 percent, Ri-Bhoi 66 or 70.97, West Garo Hills 445 or 65.15, East Garo Hills 69 or 61.61 percent, South Garo Hills lane 100.00 percent, South West Khasi Hills 55 lane 69.62 percent, West Jaintia Hills 311 lane 66.45percent, East Jaintia Hills 34 lane 94.44, North Garo Hills 58 lane 74.36percent, South West Garo Hills 62 lane per 91.
From the beginning God told the Israelites whether to choose blessings or curses, but they chose curses because of their own disobedience.
The meeting today was held smoothly with the participation and decision-making for the safety and security of the residents from both sides, with the commitment to maintain peace and order.
In addition, 224 US ministers and officials were said to have expressed their support for the bill.
The union also demanded the medical expenses of the youth who was injured in the spot.
The aquifer maps and management preparations introduced under this program have been supported by surveys conducted by qualified hydrogeologists of the Central Ground Water Board.
Besides money, we now see that the candidates are using another method: to donate donations such as clothes, furniture, bedding and others.
Shillong, November 05: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government's decision to use NCERT textbooks is to help the students to learn. compete at the national level.
In these words, Bah Samlin strongly criticized those who requested for the Right To Information as in the last three years he has distributed to 8600 households.
In terms of Ayurveda, 36,683 patients have visited the OPD clinics of NEIAH and 482 patients have been admitted to the IPD department of the hospital.
Shri Vivek Syiem, MPS, Superintendent of Police (City), Shillong, N K. Syiem, MPS, Traffic, Shillong and Dr. Sacheng R Marak, MPS.Addl.Superintendent of Police (Traffic), Shillong and other officers.
He said that Bhaiti is a trusted employee who has worked with them for more than five years since the opening of the guest house and all the keys to the rooms have been handed over to him.
The UDP party leaders have announced that they will replace Bah Metbah with Bah Brolding Nongsiej who will be sworn in as Minister of State tomorrow.
He bent down and wrote again on the ground.
The demands of the KNGCSU are the demand for the appointment of Security Guards in the Hostels of the College, the demand for Personalized Graduation Gowns to be worn on the day of the graduation ceremony. Graduation Day because most of the students have to pay in cash and this does not agree with the Union leaders.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The East Khasi Hills District Police have summoned the chief leader of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Bah Dundee Khongsit to appear before him. the unemployment survey conducted on 28 March
Williamson Sangma Technical University sha ka Captain Williamson Sangma State University.
The veterinarian was reportedly abducted and later burnt alive by the four men.
On the other hand, the Umjari Village Authority has allowed these two contractors from Mawhati to stay in the dorbar hall until the authorities or the Mawhati Village Authority come to pick them up, but One of them fled the scene at 4:00 pm.
Shillong, July 7: Two students of BSF Primary School, Nongmensong, who went missing from their homes since Friday last month, were found on Saturday evening at the Old Railway Station. Delhi at 4 pm.
The Minister said this while inspecting the land owned by the Meghalaya Urban Development Agency.
“Because I am sorry, I have come to explain to you that you should not fall into such people who come to steal your wealth in Nongkrem,” he said.
The residents of this area have been forced to use boats to cross the Kopili River between Sildubi Ghat in West Karbi Anglong district and Jamuna-Seat Ghat in Hojai district. state.
In a letter of complaint to the Secretary of the Central Vigilance Committee (CVC), Rahman urged that an inquiry should be set up into the implementation of the JJM scheme and that the Chief Engineer of PHE, Meghalaya, should be punished. TPIA, NEDFI, Guwahati and M/s BAC Infratech Private LTD, Tura on charges of involvement in corruption.
Perhaps it can be clearer if we compare the English words Sprinkle and Libation where the procedure is the same but the purpose is very different.
The Chairman and Vice Chairman of Chakma ADC and LADC together with the EMs of JHADC under the chairmanship of the Chairman, Laitsing Shylla held a meeting today at Orchid Inn, Thadlaskein.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the High Power Committee (HPC), RK Sangma, said that in Garo Hills too, there have been many meetings held regarding the talks against the UCC and other groups. , farmers, civil society and others in Garo Hills.
Dr Mandaviya said the Government of India is looking after the health sector in a comprehensive manner.
The union has discussed that the police department will set up a physical and examination center for recruitment in the police department in Jaintia Hills because there are many poor people in Jaintia Hills. On the other hand, Idashisha Nongrang said that Jaintia Hills will get a physical examination center in this other recruitment.
On the 17th of this month, which is the curfew day of the Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association (JHTOA), Ma Balen Thubru, President of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA), said: He said that the trucks will work together and will not operate on that day.
The tournament was organized by the WJDSA as part of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the Association which has marked the 50th anniversary of its service to the development of sports in the District.
Therefore, the law should punish severely anyone who has dared to commit such an act which is no longer acceptable to the society, said the statement.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, while inaugurating the Approach Road from St. Paul's Parish to the Football Ground on November 10, said that the State Government is looking forward to participating. together with religious leaders who are willing to work and promote the welfare of the youth.
We cannot say that the presence of this PHC in Lumshnong has provided many benefits.
Kamal Nath, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, today said that the allegation against Rahul Gandhi's leadership is false. He said that the Manmohan Singh government has not been able to explain to the public its programmes, which it has done well.
Earlier, Bah Hamlet said that it is only after he wins as MLA that he will know that there is a government school in the village and it is through the information and continuity of the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong that they have received allocation of funds for the construction of a complete school building.
Every year during Christmas, the Government of Bangladesh donates packages to the Khasi Christian villages to celebrate Christmas along with some donations from the whole village.
In the journey as a Hynniewtrep nation since the beginning of this world we know that we are one nation as the song sung by E Brektis Roy Wanswett, the son of Pnar, Bhoi, War, we I'm not paid Khasi.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Students Union (HSU) has congratulated the West Jaintia Police Station for their efforts in arresting the traffickers of girls in Mihmyntdu village under West Jaintia Hills. The Seng strongly condemns these Dalal awria who don't care about the dignity and morality of human beings, just to earn money by this kind of job which is the lowest and the lowest in the society and also the which affects the moral dignity of the country and the Hynniewtrep people.
The tournament was inaugurated by Latiplang Kharkongor MDC in the presence of RVDkhar, Rangbah Shnong of Lumiablot, FDkhar, Secretary Lumsohphoh Village, Rev. N. Diengdoh, Chairman, Indoor Games and Sports Committee. D. Swallang, Secretary, Meghalaya Carrom Association, B. Khyriem, Rangbah Shnong of Nongkhyriem and President of the Sports Club among others.
“I am pleased to see that our farmers have learned to farm these days by cultivating crops that are valuable in the market such as sying and other jhur ki jhep,” said Bah. Sawkmie.
“I don't want to say anything on this issue,” said Bah Ymbon.
He said that they will wait until December and if the government does not issue, they will seek permission from the DC to go out in public and hold a protest.
These rules are necessary before reaching the negotiating table, and are part of the state and central governments when calling for talks with any party.
These people will vote at 63 Polling Stations.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of HANM, Bah Kyllang Thongni, said that the people living in the border areas especially the non-Khasis have two EPICs. Meghalaya and Assam and it is for this reason that the border settlement between Meghalaya and the Assam Government will be completed to end the border dispute which has been going on for 50 years in the Langpih area.
The Headmaster of Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Secondary School, Mesting Gashnga expressed his satisfaction with the victory of Dimarkithmu who has brought glory to the school and the village as a whole.
Besides Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Bah Bindo M Lanong, another candidate for the post of president of the party is Dr Jemino Mawthoh. leader of the party.
The candidates of the Diploma of Elementary Education (DED) examination have alleged that the announcement of the results of the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) has been slow and inconsistent. There are those who have more than enough.
Out of the 68 samples tested, 6 persons have been confirmed positive for Covid-1
The idea of ​​launching this online, which is the first time in Jaintia Hills, was due to the lockdown which has affected the manufacturers and producers.
Shillong: The Rotary Club of Cherry Blossom, Shillong in collaboration with the Mylliem Marbaniang Dorbar Shnong and Mylliem Marbaniang Lower Primary School on Tuesday held a tree planting ceremony as part of the celebration of Pre-Independence Day.
Every time the elections approach, the excitement of the people cannot be explained because almost every day in every place, there is a festival of opening the foundation stone, cutting ribbons, awarding prizes, distributing dozens of types of prizes. , go into the house, wash your hands as you see on the street, in the square, in the market.
The district administration has urged everyone to follow the government's directives so that the fight against the disease will be successful.
Unfortunately, the protest failedFailed because we turned a blind eye to the factsWe don't want to understand or accept it as it isSo the employers who are stupidThe job creators who are the cause of unemploymentThey are happy that they have been able to replace them with the background.
During the tenure of Wailad Shylla, MLA Jowai from the NPP, the MCCL factory in Sohra was closed down in 2020, which is based on the coal mines of Sohra.
“The government should take responsibility for this incident as it is a violation of human rights,” she said.
About 49 Principals of various colleges in Assam attended the meeting.
He also asked why the State Government does not fight hard to amend Para 12 A (b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India which is now “President of India” to “Governor of State”. Meghalaya” shall have the power to suspend the implementation of any law of the Central Government in the State of Meghalaya.
Financial literacy or the knowledge of how to manage money.
Swangre said that he has contributed in many areas not only in the community and the area but also in the society and especially to the youth to teach that they will live a good life and he is also ready to help those in need at any time.
On the other hand, the Principals raised many issues regarding the implementation of the NEP-2020, as there are still many shortcomings and the need for thorough training.
The protest today was against the unemployment of students who have passed DSC in West Khasi Hills.
The camp will be conducted by the State Government through the MSRLS in many blocks.
On the impact of covid 19, Sudhakar said that there are many family members who are sad because they cannot touch or look after their loved ones when they die from covid and This is the reason why it affects their thinking.
He was rushed to Resubelpara CHC for treatment. However, the news of the incident spread quickly in the area and hundreds of people gathered at one place. Tapadarengchi Operation Group Centre, at 9.30 pm and demanded that the thief should be shown to the public and they also started to demolish the fences of the place.
The woman was a domestic worker and left home to go back to work after her leave.
He said that the youth are the future for the good of the villages and the society. We as political leaders come and go only within 5 years. The people are wrong, the leaders in politics and governance are wrong and if the family, the community and the youth are successful and orderly in society, religion and customs and the culture is alive and the nation has a future of hope.
Shillong Lajong FC scored the first goal for Shillong Lajong FC in the 50th minute of the second half. success today.
“The time is still enough, let us end the misunderstanding, the raising of the flag, the protest is not necessary because what we should get if we don't hold protests we will get,” said Ma Thombor. and urged the leaders and employees of JHADC to work together for the good of the council.
Until the proper arrangements have been made for the safety and health of the residents and visitors, the date of opening of these places will be announced soon.
He said that there are still many other development projects to transform the village of Mawlai.
But God says to her, “Knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked” (Revelation 3:17).
Patowary said the discussions at the meeting were fruitful and he hoped that they would be resolved through dialogue.
“This move by the government to include in the MBoSE syllabus is part of the efforts to promote and 'spread' the Christian faith among the students especially those who are still in the Khasi religion by encouraging them to “We demand that the government should immediately remove the book 'Diengjat Ki Longshwa' from the syllabus of MBoSE,” said the Seng Khasi Mawsynram in a letter to the chairman of MBoSE. or to delete chapters 4,12,14,17,21,24,25,49,50,51,52 and 53 if the Government still wishes to continue to publish this book as a textbook to the school because this is a non-religious India," they added.
In this year [1861] Myllon became the Daloi of the Elaka and was known as Myllon Daloi. Phet Shen and Silaui Phai were the Khlawait of the Elaka. Since ancient times, the Nongmynso were strong in the trade and they were the ones who supplied the Laha to the house of Syiem Sutnga, because the Laha produced by the Nong Mynso was good and sufficient. (Good Quality) to make the clothes of the Sutnga Syiems, their freedom to move from one village to another causes their minds and thoughts to fall like stones inside the pubons.
These figures should shock us all.
(2) To provide places where people can provide new information without having to wait or stand in long lines. (3) To make it easier for people to get their Aadhaar number or card back if they have lost it.
Lajong have earned three points from the start of the first leg of the tournament.
There are sources, who said that he may also seek the opinion of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India, on the bill and through the opinion of the Governor, shows that the approval of the bill. The MRSSA Act may not be in force for longer or until the State Government passes the Act in the House as a whole.
However, he said that the powers of the Courts within the Scheduled Area, ie the District Council Courts and the Hima Courts should also include Magistrates.
Referring to those in Garo Hills, he said that the measures to be taken will be announced by the leaders of the area.
This is why this plant is suitable for these areas because of its unique climate.
The incident occurred at 3:30-4 pm on the road from Jowai to Amlarem.
In the innings, Mizoram scored 134/5 and set a target of 194 runs for Meghalaya to win.
“We will not allow them to take part in Christian programmes, because they have closed the gates of temples in Shillong,” Nath said. more.
The team has new players who have played in the Shillong League, Bisharlang Kharumnuit of Rangdajied FC, Chesterfield Nongdhar of Nangkiew Irat, Aldrin Ramsiej, Everest Rynjah. , Everywell Khongjee, Pynshai Kharshiing and other goalkeepers.
You're a man and you're a man.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) in collaboration with the Samkhamti has won two rounds of the Shillong Cricket League (SCL) today. day.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced that it will nominate tickets for Mangkara Pathaw from Umroi constituency and Firstforce Deki Ramsiej, one of the party's senior leaders. Umroi Circle, 72 Primary Units and dozens of Sub-Units of Umroi Circle, today held a meeting to strengthen the party in the constituency. Firstforce Deki Ramsiej, while talking to reporters, said that the UDP leaders have decided to issue a ticket to Bhoirymbong. UDP leaders in the state have urged Bah Mangkara Pathaw from this constituency.
The closure of the garbage dump has prevented many vehicles from being able to go to the garbage dump today.
At the same time, it was reported that there were those who spread news on social media, ordering people, to withdraw their money, from these banks and on this, the state government, has lodged a complaint. complain to the police to find out those who spread these false news.
UDP Youth Wing Mawkyrwat Circle President Bah Elevenson Wanniang conducted the meeting.
He said that many of the projects have been ribbon-cutting, without completing the works 'and the foundation stones have been laid without any preparation'
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced this in a statement issued on Tuesday, November
In the past few years, the Adviser of AASU and NESO has been banned (FATWA) from entering Hailaikandi, Assam.
Referring to the complaint against the Minister of State for the distribution of funds in parts of Nongkrem constituency, the CEC said that the complaint is not under his jurisdiction. “There are complaints against any political party candidate and the DEOs have been directed to take written notice and respond,” Kumar said.
He said that once they receive the blueprint, they will consider this issue.
