It was implemented in Meghalaya in 2005 by the National Health Mission (NHM).
The two Ministers also decided to visit Khanduli and Psiar in the last month of April.
However, the government should take action and look into this important area, by ensuring that the works related to the contractors, so that the work can go smoothly and orderly,” he said. Mr. Prelington Dkhar.
The new leaders of WKSU Rambrai Circle were also elected, including President Kyrmenstar Marweiñ, Milando Paliar as Secretary and other office bearers and executive members.
The deadline for withdrawal from contesting the election if any will be on 20th June 2020 and the registration of names of candidates and submission of shap will be on 22nd June The polling day will be on the 28th June 2020 and the re-polling day will be on the 3rd October
From this river, the residents of the village earn their living by fishing dohum dohwah and selling them to feed their families.
Other tournaments include the 6th Meghalaya Kayak Festival, 2nd Sohra International Half Marathon, 7th Elite Men's National Boxing C'ship, 1st Meghalaya International Grandmaster Chess Tournament, and 10th East Zonal Shooting C'ship.
According to the Minister, almost every year the state loses lives due to natural disasters.
From Nonglang, there is a road which has been cleaned with foreign dew only near Kyndongei village and the part of the road that continues until Mawkapiah, only trucks can pass. only if it is the right time.
“It is sad to see that a person who has been a Minister of State and has been in the Party (Congress) for many years will continue to want more power by making false allegations against the President of the MPCC. Her remarks against the MPCC President expressed her regret that she has not been allowed to do anything according to her wishes and wishes within the party by violating the rules of the party. “It's the party's constitution,” said the party leader.
In Uttarakhand, in the 70-member House, the BJP has won 45 constituencies.
Only one day he should stay at home and go up to the city.
“If anyone is found to have changed their number plates, they will be punished according to the rules of law including the immediate revocation of their driving licence,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
His love for photography led him to build his house in the shape of a camera and not only that, but he also named his children after the camera companies.
“The EVMs across India are not working or voting for the BJP. The District Magistrates say that the polling staff are not well trained.
Shillong: Tomorrow, 4th March, 13 Sengbhalang will hold a protest at the Parking Lot of Add.
Many people from the right and left (except those who have been eaten by the leaders of this government) have expressed their dissatisfaction with the actions or working methods of this government.
They covered me with a blanket and dragged me along the road.
The meeting was conducted by the President R Dhar and the prayer was delivered by Mr. Wansalan E. Dhar.
Khliehriat: The FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle (FKJGP-KC) has received many complaints from the people regarding the high price of timber such as pyrthap, construction timber and other types of timber in the area. Khliehriat East Jaintia Hill, it is to be recalled that in the past, the price of timber in Ladrymbai area was only 180, 200 tyngka per cubic meter, but now it is 700,800 tyngka per cubit. , that the trees were cut down.
The government is also waiting for the detailed report as it has not yet received the full figures.
The meeting was attended by Magistrates from both the districts and Village Leaders from Pnar and Karbi.
Bah M.Kharkrang in his speech urged the youth to learn more and warned that if they intend to continue their education they should be vigilant and search only for the right educational institutions. recognize the authorities in charge of education.
Charis Kyriakou replaced Jordan O'Doherty and played in midfield.
After this, a group of Tymmen U San Seng Khasi Kmie led by the Vice Chairman, Bah Donbokstar Kurkalang, went to the village hall to thank the villagers. Behold, these signs are to pray to the Lord God, from the day of his appointment, that the works may go smoothly, that the joy may be in full swing. that the duhalia should have the wisdom and strength to play without being shot, but that the sound of the ksing, the tangmuri, and the kynshaw should be heard with a pure voice. cover the body of the virgins and virgins when they go out to dance in the lympung.
This will benefit the development of sports in Garo Hills and the state as a whole.
He said that in Tura and Williamnagar there are villages which are facing such problems related to the settlement, so the government has sought ways by introducing these pata to open the way for them. to benefit from the government in their villages.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said, “The government has already spoken many times with all the stakeholders including the Hima. it is with the step to resolve the border with Assam.
Nongstoin: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District Unit has expressed its deep sorrow over the government's neglect of Nongstoin College which is one of the oldest colleges in the country. within the District which is also within the District Headquarters.
We are proud to release this almanac, because it will also be a way to inform the people of Nongstoiñ, that the HSPDP has not disappeared and will never disappear, because this party has made a great contribution to the state and “It is only this party that has stood on the ground so far,” he said.
On the other hand, the VPP said that the allegation by Bah Pynïaid against the party was made on 6th June 2024 at a meeting held at Rynjah and on 8th June 2024 at a meeting held at Snow.
On the other hand, Justin G Momin has strongly criticized NPP MLA Gigur Myrthong for the lack of development in the constituency.
Nongpoh, November 15: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyay regarding the continued use of force by Assam in Umsaw Lum Dorbar village of Block II area to complain against the The Assam Forest Department has demanded that the government should take immediate action before these incidents happen because the union does not want the people to turn away like what happened in the village. Mukroh, as Assam police are still searching for the people and village leaders.
Therefore, through this gate, it will prevent the entry and exit of people, but only those who have urgent work and also those who have received permission from the government authorities will be allowed.
Police have also searched and tried to question from friends who knew him.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the Government has to look into providing more benefits to the specialist doctors to come and work in Meghalaya despite all the difficulties so that they can serve. residents and provide adequate care.
The people who are suffering, the youth who have to be expelled from their jobs even abroad, in the midst of many difficulties and sufferings, but when it is time to bring in the right rulers to solve these problems, all in that myntoi rwing (money to elect people), elect those who do these things and those who cause these problems.
“In the next two years we will see an increase of 15 to 18 percent in the number of students going to college, but the number of seats or classrooms has not increased equally,” said Conrad.
The child is currently undergoing treatment.
Malki, who won the toss and elected to bat first, allowed Nongthymmai to bat first and scored 287 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 40 overs.
Furthermore, in the past hundreds of years, when mankind was still alive, in Raj Marngar, Ri-Bhoi District, the “Dkhars” were consecrated to become the children of the thousands (not the raiot) of the Hima Shillong.
It doesn't matter if we have to fight against fire or blood, if we stand witness to the truth, we will live without being harmed.
The BJP is conducting a Dhikkar Rally in these days and it is reported that there have been incidents of involvement of BJP members in the Dhikkar Rally. The rally was led by Manik Sarkar, former Chief Minister of Tripura in Sonamura sub-division.
“The arrival of coal trucks from abroad, especially Assam which has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, can pose a threat to East Jaintia and Jaintia Hills as a whole through the truck drivers and truck drivers to spread the disease. Therefore, if the government intends to fill these factories with coal, it should release 2 lakh metric tonnes immediately,” said Shaniahlang Suchen.
He said that during his trip to the West he had visited the homes of Kyllian Mbappe and Lionel Messi, but during this trip he could not even get close because there were 200 meters of guards.
For registered farmers' groups, they must have an Incorporation Certificate and must not have any debts or payments.
Therefore, be careful and beware of those deceitful merchants, especially in this terrible age, lest you be caught in the trap.
Badap Tynsong took 3 wickets for 3.3 overs while Donkupar Jyrwa took 3 wickets for 4 overs. wicket, but this could not help the team to secure a victory.
The DC's order came after heavy rainfall in the district and these families have been ordered to stay temporarily at the school/community hall of the villages or at home to avoid any floods. tragic event.
However, when the wealth was gone, they recently began to fight among themselves to fight for the shyieng.
Of these 131 cases, 10 cases are from West Garo Hills, 21 cases from West Khasi Hills, 92 cases from East Khasi Hills and 8 cases from Ri Bhoi District.
During the programme, awards were distributed to five students who passed 70% and 80% as well as material and financial assistance to three poor families.
The incident happened at 7.30 pm, while people were coming from the venue.
The DM of Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday announced that Section 144 CrPC has been enforced under Regulation 3 of the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases Regulation, Passengers are required to pass through the Screening Center at 13Mer, but if found guilty, they will face penalties according to the rules of law and may be confiscated their Driving License and that court car.
This year (2019) the Syiem and the Dorbar invite not only the children of the Hima Nongkhlaw but all the inhabitants of the Bri u Hynniewtrep to celebrate together to show their unity and respect for this u Khla Wait is yours.
Shillong, July 14: The Nehru Yuva Kendra (NIC) has inaugurated the State Level Integration Camp (NIC) in Shillong from the 13th to the 17th of this month. Shillong.
Later, the Government authorities also issued a ban on gatherings of people, and some Rangbah Shnongs, Dongs, and other Rangbah Shnongs, Dongs, and others were restricted.
I have heard with my own ears that they say that they have little faith that they accept to stop even the services, but I also know that those who say little faith to others, themselves only get headaches or suh. They were ready to take medicine.
Shillong, November 29 : Meghalaya has beaten Bihar in the Ranji Trophy, he said.
The court has fixed the hearing of the case after six months and ordered that Justice Katakey should receive an adhoc payment of T.4 lakh and other expenses. according to the instructions given earlier.
Raibi Ryngkhlem, Lawmon Phawa, Auditor-Defender Ryngkhlem and Mebashanborlang Rymbai.
It is learned that the pressure was strongest from Smit constituency where Ardent M Basaiawmoit-MLA Nongkrem received the least number of votes.
He lived in a time when human life was really uncertain, he didn't know for a moment what might happen, but why didn't people, while he was alive, take the opportunity to do, to mean only good.
Regarding the struggle led by U Kiang, it was found that it was not easy for the British Government to overthrow U Kiang.
People give advice but if no one listens, people don't have to give advice.
Why is that? The reason is that it seems that the sanctity of the Dkhars has been forcibly destroyed and defiled where the Dkhars have been lyngkien, poi wir, poi wir, buaid and tanglang. In what ways do you witness in many places around the world? Is it right for you to accumulate wealth and earn wealth for his holiness? It is a great shame for the Jaitbynriew when such rulers appear who do not know anything about the foundation and meaning of Lum Kyntang.
Ma Khroobok Passah, DSO-West Jaintia Hills said that the tournament is part of the efforts of the district to get talented youth to lead the district to the Meghalaya Games to be held in Tura from 15th July
“However, the surprising thing is that the NPP-led MDA government has arrested only the Congress office bearers and released those people who started throwing stones at the people. We have already lodged a complaint on this issue and also on their part”.
A complaint has been lodged in connection with the incident and the arrested persons have been handed over to the district police for further investigation, the source said.
The goal is to reach the top ranks in the world, and what matters is to defend the trophy and continue to strengthen our position as the champions of the Asian continent.
“Many times we have asked for employees but the government has refused,” said Bah HF Khongsit.
He also recalled the famous speech of Atal Bihari Vajpayee and said, “Governments will come and go.
Nongpoh, Nailur 27: The General Department of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod (RISY) today held a meeting to discuss the issue of cleanliness through the Swacch Bharat Mission. , conducted a one-day seminar on the importance of cleanliness at RBPS Vocational Training Centre, Umta Nongthymmai.
The Dolloi also congratulated the children of the Raij, Shnong and Elaka that by completing this Kñia ainguh aidem, the children of the Raij, Shnong and Elaka will have a safe environment. He hopes that all the children of the Raij of the village will be able to take part in the Shad Niam Behdieñkhlam this year with peace of mind and happiness.
Leaders of EJAC&TS including Adviser, Chibor Wahlang, President, Jespar Bareh, Secretary, Vimol Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary, Sambor Wahlang, explained that the work of the Society is It is also to bring income to East Jaintia Hills District and Meghalaya, like other states which collect revenue from tourism and at the same time it will also create employment opportunities. It is expected that the Society will bring about a complete development in the tourism industry not only in the district, but in the state as a whole, which will also benefit the people of the area. public in the area.
On the same day, the school authorities also unveiled a plaque in honor of the leaders who took part in the establishment and starting of the school by Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh. Constituency as a constituency.
Meghalaya has started to develop in terms of self-employment and employment generation, under the guidance and assistance of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, with the launch of many related schemes. you can't do anything.
He said that the festival is also an opportunity to promote the talents of the youth in the Hima, whether it is Rwai ka Siaw, Put ka Tem. and in other areas.
Mohrmen said his intention to enter the political arena is after 32 years of service to the Unitarian Church Jowai. to continue with this work to contest the 2023 election.
Owners of quarries are not allowed to pile up stones along the road from Ladmynnor to Namdong and vehicles carrying quarries will be allowed only by owners of vehicles from Ksehrynshang to Saitsama.
The arrested were identified as Soheb Mutalebi Shaikh (44) and Rahim Mutalebi Shaikh (34). in this country, the police chief said.
On receiving information about the incident, the Ri Bhoi Police launched a search operation and finally found the suspect from Nagrabil village and arrested him.
He said the state government should know how to use the police force and set up outposts in the border areas.
He also urged the people to collect rainwater properly, if it is in any form as this will be for the benefit of all.
This identifies and condemns our works and faith in God.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today held a video conference with Dr Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam.
The legislators are focusing on how to buy houses or build street houses in the most expensive areas in Shillong.
At the same time, the union warns the shopkeepers not to open their shops to foreigners who do not have a trading license and the union will punish them according to the law.
Hesding Sangleiñ Secretary Langpih Village Council, Langpih Village Council, said that in the past years, the Dorbar Shnong has gathered the people to repair the road by spending days and hours. to improve it.
In this regard, Bah Hek said that he has met with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to discuss the Roster System and other issues.
In this article I am writing to remember the contributor to the Khasi literature who has been awarded the title of Father of Khasi Literature or Father of Khasi Literature. Rev. (Dr) John Roberts.
Shillong: It is surprising that the protest of the contract teachers, who are standing at the Secretariat, although most of the teachers, are women, but male policemen or SOTs have been deployed in front of the Secretariat. , while the protests by the Sengbhalang, only female policemen have been deployed to patrol throughout Shillong.
According to the book of Judges, God did not create Delilah just to deceive Samson and Delilah was not a tool that could be used and thrown away when the work was done.
In a statement sent by Bah Wanpher S Wahlang, Publicity, RBYF, Sengkmie, said that the reason why the members of the RBYF, Eastern Zone have lodged a complaint with the DC, is after they found out. The resort discharges its garbage and toilets into the river nearby.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will soon hold a meeting with the elders to curb the issuance of No Objection Certificates (NOCs) by the Dorbar Shnongs to foreigners. villages in the city and surrounding areas.
The state government has already signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the YATS Corporation of Japan in 2019 for the tit cultivation.
On the 19th of October, police arrested Namphyrnai Lyngdoh Peiñlang, 21, of Peiñlang village, from Mairang, Eastern West Khasi Hills. he was involved in the incident.
Bah Wandonbok said that at present, the drivers of commercial vehicles have not said anything on this issue because they have not been able to leave their homes to earn money. However, if they feel that this price increase affects them, they too should come forward and say something on this issue.
"Every government that has come and gone without the Sengbhalang, the State Government has thrown its power at the country and the people. Therefore, to protect the country and the people, we need the Sengbhalang. he said.
In response, the Minister said; “There are some people who oppose the coming of the train for no justifiable reasons, and there are some who want the coming of the train, but when they are asked why they support, these also do not have know why they are providing support.
“By being able to hold it every year, we will undoubtedly be able to produce many talented players to represent the state,” he said.
Referring to his entry into the political arena, Professor Kma said it was due to the loss of leaders.
During the meeting with the CEM, Joe said that they had also had the opportunity to discuss and send to the CEM the intention of the Government of India to amend the Sixth Schedule.
The match was very interesting as all the overs of the hurdles were not wasted and all the players were able to play and participate until the end.
The CEM of the council said that recently the Meghalaya High Court has ordered to pay 300,000 rupees to 44 foreigners who have been arrested. No foreigner can be issued a license without the approval of the villages, Raids and Majai without the approval of the Syiem. approval, no trading license can be renewed and also, even those who register new names, who want trading licences.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The cyclists of the Meghalaya Cycling Association (MAC) have set a good example to other athletes and other sports organizations by cleaning up and removing the garbage, plastic, bottles and others that have been used.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Upper Shillong said that the meeting was held to explain to the people about the MUDA's border crossing into the Upper Shillong area which has caused many problems to the people.
This happened after the HNYM seized the trucks on 9th November
“Shh! "What kind of animal owner are you, just to take your children with you?" "My mother was angry, that's how the rich men are called," said Gracia and she listened carefully. the shkor.
Twenty-one teachers were awarded the District Award. Saroda M.Marak, Assistant Teacher, Upper Chandmary Lower Primary School.
On the other hand, the CAG has looked into the prices of these companies and the department.
On the occasion, Bah Titos announced that the Council has already signed a soskular regarding the management and distribution of the products from the site. tourist.
Kynsaibor Lhuid (18, 78), Wilbert Marbaniang (64', 90'+1) scored two goals each and Fedrick Wahlang (89') assisted one goal.
If government officials are allowed to travel around India to Delhi (the city where Covid-19 is still rampant) and if they somehow carry the disease, those who die and suffer are the poor and needy people. who are sorry.
In the second match, Mulang Ïalong beat Madan Thadmuthlong 1-0 through Dangaitlang Mulieh who scored in the 70+1 minute of the second half.
“Cooperation can be with anyone but it doesn't mean to sell our uniqueness by the involvement of the high paid ethnic groups to mislead our nation,” said the Working President of the PDF Youth Wing. .
At the same time, he expressed his satisfaction to see that the work for the completion of the spectator seats or gallery at the stadium has progressed.
However, this has caused more and more confusion among the people because these politicians have given various speeches which have surprised the people and caused confusion.
“It doesn’t mean I’m in Government, I have to stand down.
According to the Meteorological Department of the Government of India, Upper Shillong, the rainfall in the last 24 hours has been unprecedented this year. which is also considered, to be the year, less rainy, than any other, up to this half year.
She said this project will be one of the projects to be remembered not only in the present but also in the future.
The ruling party has 40 MLAs while the opposition has 19 MLAs and if there is no other question, the ruling candidate will win the Lamphang seat.
Before his speech, the Prime Minister also met with Self Help Groups from across the North East.
The office bearers of the East Jaintia National Council Nongkhlieh Circle were elected and confirmed on the occasion. Secretary, Nikki Dkhar, Organizing Secretary, Amut-i-me Sukhalin, Assistant Organizing Secretary, Wan-oo Sukhalin, Education Secretary, Hame Rupon, Finance Secretary and others.
However, he said that there are some issues that need to be addressed and some of the issues that have been raised are very important but he expressed the hope that all the groups involved in the discussion have the will. to receive the peace of the shirt.
We have nominated 56 candidates and this clearly shows our intention.
Varanasi and Guwahati have now provided all the necessary facilities for the soybean trade.
India's foreign earnings from them amounted to Rs 482 crore.
Here he defended as a political expert, but it made it clear that Father Albert Thyrniang is dying to see God enter our Legislative Assembly.
“We are deeply saddened by the government's failure to listen to the wishes of our beloved teachers until they hold a strike and drop out of school which has affected our education,” he said. , students said in a statement released to the media yesterday.
The Sabha has also worked hard to promote the use of the Bodo language in school teaching and the use of the language in the higher classes.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The 1st Women's Futsal and Men's Veteran Futsal Cup 2023, which started on Saturday, ended on Saturday. .
Other songs include Veer Sainik, Fanfare by Buglers, INS India, Yashasvee, Jai Bharati, Kerala, Siki A Mole, Hind Ki Sena, Kadam Kadam Badhaye 'Drummers Call' and 'Ae Mere Watan Ke Logon' are the 26 songs to be performed on the evening of 29th July
James Ban asked how many people have applied for license since 2014 till now. James Sylliang (MDC Mawhati) said that there have been 525 applicants. Basaiawmoit asked how many licenses have been issued since 2014 so far, Sylliang replied that there are 253 licenses.
“I also love the FC Goa fans.
It should be brought to the attention of the people how they are destroying West Bengal.
During this visit, the party witnessed the unity of all the leaders and members of the party from the city and surrounding areas.
He said that as it was found during the inspection of the Umtrew Project, the maintenance and maintenance of the project is adequate.
Shillong: The MPUF (MPUF) has expressed its deep regret over the violation of Article 7 of the Constitution by the President of the MPUF East Jaintia Hills District. which he no longer respects the party as well as the frontline leaders of the party.
Ma Sawot Laloo, Head of Political Science Department, spoke on behalf of the college, while the chief guests and symbud chief guests encouraged the students to work hard to succeed in their studies and congratulated those who were awarded. .
Shillong, June 12: The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Khlur Singh Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the BJP in Meghalaya has now become stronger with the support of the people.
We would also like to thank the elders of the village for their support.
In the procession, the Rangbah Shnongs were led by a vehicle carrying the leaders of the Union followed by three people. When they reached the Assembly at Khyndailad, they heard that they had condemned all the Khasi leaders whom they had accepted as incompetent.
On the 8th of this month, the body of Smt.
Pastor/Please help me.
He said that the CSCs have been implemented through a private public model which consists of three parts: the IT Department of the Government of Meghalaya, the BASIX Company and the Village Level Entrepreneurs (VLEs). While explaining to the public about the operation of the Customer Services Point (CSP), Kante said that this is a very important assistance to the public to save money here. He said that through this CSP, people can deposit or withdraw money like in other big banks, besides these other benefits. The CSP is available to the public through Remittance and the CSP works up to 12 hours a day. starting from 8:00 am to 8:00 pm.
She also criticized the KHADC for the struggle against corruption and said that the MDCs of each party are really themselves, they are the shyllang mat and they should be ashamed of themselves, she said.
He said that the movement of these trucks is very slow at night, which has caused the residents to be very worried about what will happen to these trucks.
Many of the crematoria that have been entered and dug in the state in the last 30 years have been destroyed by natural forces and are no different from other crematoria in other countries. earth.
He also criticized the corruption in the Saubhagya Scheme or the provision of electricity to the poor households in the villages.
The college authorities will meet with the students, parents, District Health Official and Village Authorities.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma through the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya. of an armed group in Karbi Anglong.
When asked what he had to say, Shylla said that the uranium mining is over and there is no need to mine it anymore. “We have to do it at the right time before this happens”. he replied.
The Shnong is 32 years old and was founded in 1990 by three families of the MAKRI clan who came to live from Mawryngkang.
Nongstoin is located 81 kilometers from Guwahati, the capital of Assam.
Shillong: Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker of Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, passed away today in Delhi.
The HSPDP Mairang Area Unit in collaboration with the HSPDP Central Body announced the name of Bah Alex Kharayntiew as the party's candidate for the Mairang Constituency. you have a mid-term election.
If we express our interest in young ones, invite them to our home, and surround them with the forces of joy and help, many of them will be happy to turn back to the path of upward mobility. head.
He said that the employees of the hospital should be able to go to their jobs and should also be able to return to their places of residence without any interference.
Referring to the defeat in the 2018 elections, he said, “What makes me very sad is that after the defeat in the elections, it is the violation of the agreement between the two parties, the UDP. and HSPDP, which have allowed the BJP from Assam to form a government in the state.
The government, which has been able to take a lot of money, cannot spend it shane-shatai.
Furthermore, according to reports, there is also a rumor that it may be the brother of Dr. Sailo who came from abroad and abroad. kito who wants to go to another state.
“The JHADC has not been able to close even its account since 2001 until now,” said the President of the JYF, Bah Poipynhun Majaw. The Forest Department has wasted public money in the name of planting Slasha, planting, planting jri trees and others.
“The BJP MPs will move a privilege motion against Rahul Gandhi for lying and misleading Parliament,” said Ananth Kumar, Minister in charge of Parliament.
The HITO will accompany the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday to the Secretariat to express its demand for the reservation. Policy, and to hear what decision will be taken at the meeting convened by the government with all the political parties in the state.
Jowai, June 19: Following the clashes on the border between Meghalaya and Assam at Khanduli and Moojem, the District authorities of West Karbi Anglong (Assam) have arrived in Jowai. The main purpose of the meeting was to discuss and find ways and means to meet with the District Heads of West Jaintia Hills District. on how to eliminate as much as possible the incidents of clashes between the two districts in the border areas which have happened from time to time.
Yahshua knew all this, but he said to them, “Don't let your hearts be troubled.
He said the government should send JCBs to clean up these hands to relieve the problem so that vehicles can pass on this road.
Shillong, March 7: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, today said that the government is examining the proposal of the Union Home Ministry to set up Municipal Councils (MCs) in the areas under the jurisdiction of District Councils. according to the amendment of the Constitution.
The party which brought the largest number of people today was the UDP from North Shillong where the candidate of the party Dr. Aman War came out along with hundreds of supporters from Mawkhar with ksing ka dhah and flags. They didn't sing the Party song.
Lohit Ranjan Das, President of the party, was also present at the meeting.
These include Mukroh and Tihwieh villages in West Jaintia Hills, Mooriap in East Jaintia Hills, Rani-Jirang in Ri-Bhoi district, and Umwali, Lejadubi and Langpih in West Khasi Hills.
Daniel 12:12.
He said the state government intends to improve the skills in kura, shooting, running and others.
Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal said that for this purpose, eight blocks have been taken in the district to conduct the programme.
They take for granted that the candidates elected by them are at a high level, the supporters and loyalists of the party will agree without hesitation because they will accept that if they say lieh, the supporters of the party should also be white and if they say they are iong, the party supporters should also be iong lang.
The air in the state is still clean compared to other states in the country and the state is blessed with a beautiful nature and clean water, rivers and biodiversity.
Shillong: It is not the farmers of Punjab, but the farmers of the northeastern state of Meghalaya, who are now the richest in India.
Shylla said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has now understood the difference between the Entry-Exit Point and the ILP. exit points are only buildings while the ILP is a barrier to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners.
Pala said that the voters of 1972 and the voters of 2023 are very different and added, 'The election in 2023 is an election that they voters will be based on knowledge and technology.
On the same day, the Kur also requested the DC to take action against the destruction of the environment such as the destruction of forests, hills and rivers, the destruction of trees. to the dohum dohwah, wildlife and other natural resources in the whole of Rikhaiñ.
Through this statement, Bah Kharshiing said that those who want to work in this country should be very determined and work hard, because many times they go only temporarily and return while other ethnic groups do not. they struggle to get jobs.
In this paper number 1.37 & 1.38 there is an article about the Khasi people which is inappropriate, unfounded and which affects the dignity of the Khasi people.
Because the number of MLAs and MDCs is still very small and in the elections they have not been able to nominate candidates in all the MLA and MDC constituencies.
He said the decline in income is likely to last longer.
Not only that, the NPP Mawkyrwat Block has also received 23 new supporters from the Trinamool Congress Party (TMC).
When asked whether the Rangbah Shnongs are more powerful than the Syiem that they can do so without the knowledge of the Syiem, Paiem Ken said that the Raid will think and after that they can punish. and to immediately remove these Rangbah Shnongs who have been so empowered.
In the morning of 24/10/23, before the procession to Wah Myntang, there will be a ceremony at the Temple and a Mastieh dance with the participation of the Dalloi and his followers and others.
These dignitaries included Bah S. Lamare, Chairman of the Village, Bah Reading Rymbai, Secretary of the Village and Market Committee, Bah Sainpyniar Mukhim and Bah Banjop. Maring, President of KSU Eastern Border, in which they expressed their deep sorrow over the failure of Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, as his visit to the DRDA office, has delayed the process. to implement the Traditional Market.
The decision to end Indiana Jones in the lead role was also due to Harrison Ford's inability to react in the film in the coming years.
It may be that the food is not good.
The government's lack of attention to the implementation of the COVID-19 treatment center at Umran Niangbyrnai, has put at risk even those who go for treatment, injections or treatment at the Civil Hospital in Nongpoh. , because as of now, it is only in Nongpoh CH, which is the treatment center for COVID-19 patients and at the same time, it is also the place where many people go for treatment.
Rubul Das has lodged a complaint that on 11th June, robbers stole his motorcycle (AS-01FV-3957) from Khyndai Lad.
However, this did not discourage the team formerly known as the Malabrians as they managed to score a goal.
Regarding his desire for Robertjune to stand and contest in the MP Election 2024, he said that he wants to bring about a clean governance and we can inform the people about the various schemes that they have implemented. public should not.
“We will look into the recommendations made by IIT Guwahati,” said the Principal Secretary.
I pray for you, May God bless your life every day.
The Government of Assam on 23rd November, 2022 appointed a single inquiry headed by Phukan and the Commission has fixed 27th November, 2022 as the date for holding a public hearing by invite persons or groups with information on the facts to come forward and respond to the Commission at Dongkamukam, West Karbi Anglong.
It was also the first time Putin has spoken about the incident since the incident on Tuesday evening.
All 3 of us, with courage, covered our hands for about 5 seconds and were ordered to put it away and sanitize it with soap and water right away.
Regarding the development, Star said the money came according to the preparation of the Planning Commission at that time and now in the Modi government, the Planning Commission has been transformed into the Niti Ayog.
She said that it was only after the residents of the village learned that the police were searching for those who had gone to damage the house. They went and told him that they were the ones who had gone to break into the house.
The ship reportedly collided with another large ship near Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Salah's first goal came in 10 minutes and 48 seconds, the fastest in the Champions League after Paolo Maldini's 50 seconds. , in the match between AC Milan and Liverpool in
We urge our Leader from Nongkrem Constituency Bah Lambor Malngiang MLA/MDC to work hard for this project to succeed.
“We have called a special session of the Council after 20 MDCs felt it was necessary on this,” said CEM of KHADC Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
According to sources, the MDCs of the PDF, said that at the meeting, it was Bah Pyniaid Syiem who said that we should not turn away from each other while there are others. They admitted that the PDF was formed through the involvement of Bah Pyniaid, but on the day of the election, he turned against them.
UDP State President Bah Donbok Khymdeit – UDP State President Ri Bhoi District
The statement said that at this time under the rule of the MDA government in the state and the NDA government in Delhi, the HNLC is hopeful that the talks will move forward.
According to Jesus, love for God and neighbor must be shown by actions, not just words, and living and equal faith must be shown by actions.
“We have ended our investigation because these allegations are untrue and tomorrow the government will file a complaint against him on these allegations.
HANM, said that even the JNV School Mawphlang, cannot be closed down, because the school is discharging waste into the Shillong water supply scheme, why should the committee close down immediately? These factories, which are located in East Jaintia Hills district under Narpuh, have polluted the rivers, the Lukha River and the air.
Many times it is the unrighteousness of mankind that something bad happens.
In this regard, he said that a new announcement will be made after the confirmation of the availability of coal.
This demand of the two organizations came after the delay in conducting the DSC examination and discussing the vacancies for the benefit of the job seekers.
Govind Singh, Managing Director, Utkarsh Small Finance Bank, said, “We look forward to seeing a future where the ICCW will be something that people can trust in banking related matters in this age of technology, and it will greatly improve the quality of money.
Day.
(And if there are passengers who have said the truth, they will be told that if you don't want to sit down, don't sit down).
Speeches were also delivered by Dr.A.Lyngdoh DM&HO who explained about the types of diseases and how to avoid harmful beverages such as tobacco, cigarettes and others and also by Bah BR Dates.
The JSU has decided to support the JHTOA and has expressed its concern to the JSU over the violence of the dewbilat factories and the violation of the rights of truck owners and indigenous people, said Treiborlang R Suchen, General Secretary JSU. He said that the JSU gives its full support to the JHTOA because the protest is well founded and the purchase of trucks by the dewbilat factories has affected the income of the truck owners which has affected them to pay the debt to the JHTOA. bank.
From the gods of the world we have only a pure and pure hope.
Please help me if you have any questions: I am a student of Embok Khonglam from Shillong.
This reminds us that the British Government granted Ireland independence from Europe in
The incident happened at their residence in Sweeper Colony, Iewduh, Shillong.
They were promoted through the Rashtriya Madhyamik Siksha Abhiyan (RMSA) scheme. In fact, 7 teachers were appointed in these schools in 2013 but even after the interviews and examinations were called, The teachers have not yet been appointed and the task of teaching the students has been forcibly handed over to the teachers of UP School.
Nongpoh, Nailar 22 : Two young women have won three medals in the Youth IFMA Muay Thai Championship which started on 9 until 20th November in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
He said the Federation of Khasi States will look for ways and means to include the Daloi and Waheh Chnongs of the Jaintia Hills.
The first match was between Nongpdeng CC and Slog Warriors.
In this regard, the residents have urged the District Government authorities to conduct an investigation and to ban their movement at night.
Jowai, Lber 20 : The Dorbar Shnong Pdengshakap on Saturday held the 9th Secondary School Football Knock-Out Tournament, 2022-2 Second semi-final between Umsalait SC and One Soul United (Pdengkarong).
Speaking to reporters, he said, “I don't encourage my friends to work hard, but I always say work hard.
Lopez said Sanchez was home when he called her Tuesday night while she was staying overnight at a family home.
Explaining about the caste system and the discrimination against women or Longkmie which is still a reality today, he said that these are the things that have been inherited since ancient times and cannot be proud of.
When the new laws of the present day inherited from the British Government and followed by the Indian Government were forcibly introduced, they became completely different from the traditional Khasi laws.
Shah said that since the Modi government came to power in 2014, bloodshed in Assam has decreased by 87%, deaths by 90% and kidnappings by 84%.
The Symbud Waheh Shnong, Bah Kishon Kharsahnoh conducted a short meeting and delivered a speech by Sambor who urged the villagers to be clean, thoughtful and obedient people. and especially to be ready to help our neighbors in times of need.
Some do not have time to eat during the day and have the opportunity only in the evening.
George B.Lyngdoh said that Meghalaya has lost out on the border issues after the signing of the MOU. In his speech, he welcomed the BJP leaders. and other parties which was held at a meeting at Patharkhmah on Saturday.
The High Court also said that Hindustan Steel Works Construction Limited, a subsidiary of NBCC India Ltd, should show whether the contractor has followed the instructions regarding the construction of the road. stadium and the amount of time the contractor has to fix structural defects.
Lucknow: The BJP MLA from Muzaffarnagar district, Vikram Saini, has urged the young BJP leaders to marry beautiful Kashmiri girls.
“More than Rs 2500 crore has been implemented under the PMGSY scheme in the state and Utilization Certificates (UCs) have been issued.
Shillong, Lber 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Futsal Playground at Lower Mawprem in the presence of the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri. and the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
The MLA from Nongpoh also mentioned the emergence of many private YouTube channels such as titles where he said that there are youtubers who show the truth and what is right, there are other youtubers who appear from the truth. part of any-one.
They are constantly struggling to increase the number of walls and barriers for fear of something happening.
The blast occurred at the Soma coal mine, 120 kilometers east of the coast of Izmir, and struck coal miners who had been there since Tuesday night.
However, the Congress and many of its allies (Maghagatbandhan) have not yet nominated a candidate or person to become prime minister if they reach the goal of forming a government in Delhi.
The songbook has been designed for ease of use, with lyrics in English and symbols for singers of all disciplines.
Then there are the tins of tobacco, cigarettes, kwai and mobile phones that are not known what is inside them.
For more information, please visit or call 0364-3500097/ 0364-3500098 during office hours or email cc.
He would have condemned the corruption of the heads of government without any shame.
He also urged the boys and girls to work hard and play well and win many medals for the district.
Speaking on the occasion, the Headmistress of the school, Kong Shimtidahun Kharpuri, told about the history of the school which has been established since
These four organizations also expressed their deep sorrow because from time to time we are happy when we have the police force who are our protectors and helpers in any field, but as it turns out now It shows that there is a bright future especially for women and children.
“Such a day should not be given a holiday, but should follow the example that our great men have made with their nights and days toil to make our nation great, so from now on instead To give leave, we should work more and more, as a sign of respect to our ancestors who worked hard because this day is a day of joy for us who are in the Council because it is through this great man. “We have received the Sixth Scheduled which has made us low paid,” said D.Lyngdoh.
Other office bearers and members of the executive body were also elected.
Mohammedan and TRAU FC still have matches ahead and Langsning will be ready to wait for the result.
“The Congress will receive our full support, because it stands on a firm foundation to ensure that the rule of law will be clean and transparent without any corruption. ".
Uplifter Alternative has opened its 25th Anniversary in 1998 by holding the 1st 2-Day Khasi Tennis Ball Cricket Tournament 2023 at Madan Nongthymmai, Jingkieng, Shillong.
Brazil have Neymar, while Argentina have Lionel Messi, in what is expected to be a spectacular match.
If there is no complaint, it will be accepted as a complaint.
Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh have the highest number of cases in four states, with 62 percent of the cases. States and Maharashtra.
He bought a piece of land in Umsning to make money when the railway project is implemented.
Furthermore, Zverev was placed second at the end of April last year, but remains a player who has yet to return to the higher ranks after He suffered an injury while participating in the French Open 2022 which has ruled him out for the rest of the year.
Out of the 14.33 crore beneficiaries, 13.97 crore have been registered for Aadhaar.
He urged the people to surprise people and not to be imprisoned in polo shirts like cows for five years.
“I have been directed to prepare immediately for the major works for the state that the government intends to do and this proposal is expected to be completed in the coming days,” he said.
They should ask how the engineer in charge of the construction of the road issues the certificate of completion of the road as stipulated by the PWD rules, and how the contractor receives payment for who is wrong.
Shillong: U Carness Sohshang, MDC of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today said, “On our part, we are happy to be in power. The opposition and our task is to work for the welfare of the people and that the problems that arise in the District Council are not from the Congress Party but from the four MDCs of the District Council. They are the ones who have come to ask us to form a new EC”.
After the announcement that the upcoming Meghalaya Games will be held in West Jaintia Hills District, Amlarem needs an indoor stadium.
The floods for the first time in Assam have affected many residents at this time.
Sethi also rejected the BCCI's statement regarding its support to the ACC that the UAE will be the hottest country to host the tournament in the country. November by announcing that the BCCI has already held its tournament; the IPL in the UAE from November to November
Informing that there are some political parties who have said that the status quo should be maintained on this issue, she said that they have not been able to prove why the status quo is needed. quo' on this matter.
“Many people don't want to know the origin of the Lajong clan,” said the Speaker of the District Council.
“The question is why didn't you go to the place where Bah Ardent was killed? The clear answer is that as the people have elected me as their leader, I will fulfill that duty within the Cabinet.
At the same time, he said that he wants to protect not only the fish but also the wildlife, birds and all living things.
However, the surprising thing is that if a person who has been well ill, but as soon as he touches the body of his father, his soul dies.
Every year thousands of students complete their studies at various levels in the state, and after completing their studies they aspire to get a good job, and the The question is how can these youths be employed.
he in us.
The AMDa invites all the dancers of the state to join in the 12th Anniversary Celebration.
The Government and especially the people's leaders need to take action to ensure that the leaders receive the necessary assistance so that they can provide good justice to the people in these days of population growth. steadily as the days went by.
“If this is the case, the people's rule has gone, because of this, there will be no riewkai, no merchants in the khaddar rule, because the people are like this”.
“Sometimes you are beaten by your friends.
Australia's Ashleigh Gardner was among the women to win the same award.
'Sarot I Man' has taken this opportunity to encourage the journalists of Ri-Lum Jaintia to continue to provide the best service to the society.
Pathaw seeds are the main source of zinc.
Khanduli is also owned by Assam and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has set up an entry tax gate.
The Minister also expressed his appreciation that this will showcase the talents of the youth, not only in Meghalaya, but in the entire North East which has also showcased their talents at this event. game.
The HSPDP has already announced Blatsbor Kharpran, while the PDF has decided to nominate Highlander Kharmalki.
Its Chairman is the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma who is also a member of the BJP.
“The government will continue to hold talks with the people involved as this will bring benefits to the state as a whole,” he said.
Shillong: Madanryting FC beat Nongrah FC 1-0 in the 3rd Division Bottom League at Polo Ground on Saturday.
According to the petition, there were about 15 to 16 Bangladeshis who had illegally entered the Indian border from East Jaintia Hills District. Rahul Pohtam and (L.) Sylvanus Dhar, Indians from the border area, were attacked by the Bangladeshis with knives. Two other Indians tried to protect themselves but failed and fled. In this escape, the Bangladeshis arrested (L) Sylvanus Dhar and others. and they smote him with the edge of the sword, and cut off his beard, and his face, until he died.
When the Corona virus came, it was increased to 120 tyngka, now it is 100 tyngka.
At present, the center is only doing the fertilizing of the rotten nuts from Umpling village and he said that the work is easy because the village already has a system for the residents to fertilize. separate the nut from the house.
Finora Wankhar, daughter of Glorina Wankhar and Sanbor Nongrum, residents of Lawsohtun, said, “Our Khasi youths don't reach education but only hard work and minutes are needed. .
The party leader said that the demarcation in the second phase should not transfer the villages in the Langpih sector to Assam.
Health experts often say that getting enough sleep and getting up early is certainly better for health.
Rahul Dalal scored 96 runs for the loss of a wicket to Arbin.
Jowai, July 17: The meeting of the Kur Phawa Siangshai held on Saturday at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong Jowai has decided to establish the Sengkur Pyllun and on the same day elected the office bearers. of me.
The substitutes include Iohbor, Wadajied, Ronald, Pursuner, French, Kynsai, Shano, Henry, Abhav and Rajat.
The Congress party has suspended Bah Pynshngain for three years on the grounds that he has fought against the party but he is still the CEM of KHADC due to the support of many MDCs under the umbrella of the PDF. When inquired by a journalist from the Congress party, it was revealed that the reason for the party's urgent decision to suspend him before the elections, is because Bah Pynshngain has failed to comply with the order. The party has decided to campaign for the Congress candidates in the mid-term MDC elections.
Our State is blessed in many ways and when we look at the generation of electricity through water; It has the potential to generate up to 3000 Mega Watt (MW) which is about three percent (%) of the total electricity generation in India.
We have always said EM to uranium mining and we will say EM forever.
“There are about 11 Himas built in this area and the Hima Bhowal has not been built in the past few years. “There are other Himas that we haven't built yet,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
In a statement, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, President of the CoRP, said that the CoRP has recently visited and inspected the villages in Block II of Raid Nongtung in Ri-Bhoi. However, the surprising thing is that Assam has already built stadiums, indoor stadiums, football fields in Umlaper area, but unfortunately the Meghalaya government has not done anything and is just a spectator and has not brought any development work. the Government of Meghalaya.
“We decided because the government felt that the role of the Board was to look after environmental matters.
Therefore, let us fear God and especially his existence.
This fund is available to the State Governments to provide assistance in case of natural disasters.
They include BJP MDC candidate from Williamnagar Greatwell R Sangma, BJP Mandal Joint Secretary Gerald Marak and Youth Secretary Denybirth Momin.
It may be recalled that the Dome of the new Assembly collapsed on 22nd June
On the other hand, Charles Marngar, MDC from Mawhati Constituency, said that the Dy CEM has not brought the funds; The EC has not found any intention to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi and this has affected the Department of Art & Culture.
Referring to the allegation of corruption in GHADC, he said the Government has already appointed a team to look into the figures and after receiving the report, the Government will take the necessary action. .
When Rangdajied played on the second day, Rangdajied played well and didn't hesitate to turn too far forward especially after scoring 10 goals. kante the trials.
Dr Luca Badini, of the Wijngaards Institute for Catholic Research, said that women bishops have been actively involved in the preaching work in recent years, but there are few facts to tell about them.
Villages and Dorbar Shnongs in Meghalaya have been involved in the planning and support of the Village Employment Councils.
After this, the Angel of the Lord came to remind, “And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins”, Matthew 1:2 .
Speaking as the chief guest, Commander Shangpliang urged the youth to continue their studies so that they can better train themselves in the field of leadership.
The HYC said that the Civil Sub-Division Mawshynrut has been in existence for more than six years but there are many shortcomings.
The FRP is the minimum price at which sugar mills can purchase pai.
All spectators are welcome but those who are quick will be allowed to enter.
That is why he went to Samaria and met the Samaritans.
Because when you get old, your time in the city decreases and your body becomes weak and often you don't have to face many problems if you have children who don't understand.
He acknowledged that the VPP speaks and will do the right thing and not in deceit and misleading the public.
He said that the Court has dismissed the case that Sou Muto has not examined whether these rules in the Roster are adequate and legal and therefore the implementation is illegal. from the 1972 Resolution.
This order was issued to ensure order and peace in the district as after the polling on 02nd October, 2023 there will be no public gathering in the district. to celebrate the victory of any candidate which may disrupt the peace and order in the district.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad K Sangma congratulated the players for their victory and for bringing glory to the state.
Training videos on blood donation were also released with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, who said that a change in attitude is helpful in bringing about positive change in the society.
How to know the way to 1000 years!? To know the 1000 years we must first understand today and tomorrow.
Remember that the world and the age itself are dynamic from time to time, not necessarily static.
The first is planted in Assam in February, March and April.
Shah said the Prime Minister has launched a special Cooperation Department of the Government of India and has fulfilled this demand which has been pending for 75 years.
There are 137 households who own land and only 10 households who do not.
Government schools do not always pass the results of the examination, especially in the rural areas.
Replying to a question by the Sohra MLA in the House, the Minister said that the remaining schools will be in the hands of the Regional Committee to review.
“Our intelligent Prime Minister Duh cares about the people in need,” he said.
If these things continue to happen, the government should take responsibility and if anything happens, the government should not interfere and should not interfere. He said that all the government ministers in the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma should take responsibility for the destruction of houses. They should also take responsibility if anything happens to the owners of the State, who live in any part of the land of Hynniewtrep.
Thank you very much from this website of yours I get a lot of information regarding events especially when such a time does not come.
Nongpoh, July 03: After several days of violence, the Ri-Bhoi Youth Development and Social Organization (RBYDSO) today found that the oil storage facility of Nanda Mohon & Co, Nongpoh has caused a threat to the people. The union together with the Inspector of Supply Department of Ri-Bhoi District, Bah KS Kurbah, visited the shop.
The source said that on that day, Mary had gone to the forest to look for tit for the purpose of cooking jyntah at home but somehow she wanted to eat tit. The little girl found another kind of tit which she thought might be a tit that she could eat, so they went to pick it and brought it home to cook jyntah.
The day was enriched by songs, dances and other performances by the students to express their gratitude and appreciation for the hard work of their teachers.
The first part on the topic: “The problems they face at home, in the villages and in the community” was explained by Ms.Heini Sumer Protection Officer (PO) Khliehriat. and the second part on the topic: “Assistance for the Disabled” which was explained by Ripaia Passah District Social Welfare Officer (DSWO) Khliehriat.
Replying in the House, Rakkam said, “The classes will start after the completion of the construction and appointment of teachers and staff”.
The child's name has not been released but he is of Dkhar descent.
He was shot dead at the Civil Hospital, Shillong at 10.30 am this morning.
The KCP-N member arrested on that day was identified as Liren Chiru (23 years old) who went to join the party in 2022 and completed the physical training at a camp in Myanmar.
The camp will be held in Guwahati from 8th June to 2nd June
Jammu & Kashmir officials will install 29 CCTV cameras inside and around the operational points for pilgrims to Amarnath in Jammu, officials said on Tuesday. You are God.
Their belief is firmly in what decision the khan explains and issues after the sacrifice and they also follow his explanations on how to do the future work.
In fact, the polling in Sohiong was scheduled to be held on 27th June this year along with 59 other constituencies, but the Election Commission has postponed it due to the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh as the UDP candidate. on June 20, 2023.
During the inspection, they also visited the confluence of the Lunar and Lukha rivers.
JR Rynniaw, President of KHNAM Nongstoin Primary Unit, said that he and the KHNAM staff in Nongstoin did not support Fenella L. Nonglait, even though the leaders of the KHNAM Central Body came to support her. an.
He urged the Chief Secretary to set up a special committee in which the Syiems will participate to get clarification on this issue which affects the progress of the Khadar administration of the Hima.
The Minister of Boldness Lyngdoh Nongum, said that the reason for the postponement of the funeral is in honor of Minister Lawrence Basaïawmoit, one of the Ministers of the Hima, whose funeral will be held on the 16th. this month.
The CCIB will urge these journalists to be men by publishing and naming, and to talk face to face with the CCIB leaders if they feel that the work of the CCIB is wrong, the statement said. Shillong: The CID of Police has found that robbers who steal money from the public use the bank accounts of the poor to steal money from the rich. in major cities like Delhi, Mumbai and others.
The vehicle was reportedly damaged.
“We don't agree to be in the party anymore because it is a threat and injury to the people,” said Krewingbirth.
Other legends say that St. Valentine was a priest who helped prisoners escape from prison to escape beatings and severe punishment.
You must have a driver's license and a Pan Card.
Mihsalan Dhar, Publicity Secretary AJTCVA, said that at this meeting, AJTCVA has invited the Sengbhalang and the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Ri Jaintia to discuss the issue of vehicle fare at this meeting.
“Look when they have a raid why they take only one journalist to accompany the police,” he said.
He also praised the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for providing development works for the poor through various schemes that the people have never received in the past years.
“This time as there are new OMs for the implementation of the Roster we have removed some parts of the OM issued in earlier years," she said.
Speaking at the venue, Bah Nonglang said that the group does not want to see the Nonbah and Nondeiñ rivers in the center of Nongstoiñh turn into Umkhrah, Umshyrpi and other rivers. whose filth is terrible, and they are no longer even able to cleanse themselves.
Police said that such people have a gang of robbers who intend to steal by deceiving the public by pretending to be employees of SBI or other banks.
South West Khasi Hills beat South Garo Hills 4-0
The people are expecting and hoping that through their entry into state politics, they will be able to bring about positive changes and benefits in all round development. .
Rishan Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Lumputhoi SC in the 17th minute.
District Secretary, MBS&G West Jaintia Hills concluded the ceremony with a welcome speech.
As the chief guest, Bah Eugeneson expressed his readiness to support and assist the children in the field of football. we but the players should focus and work hard and no one should be misled.
In addition, 36 women have contested this election compared to 33 women who contested the 2018 MLA election.
Lt Gen KC Panchanathan, AVSM, GOC 101 Area, who judged the parade, praised the service of the Army for the country and the contribution of Assam. Regiment for the country and in the North East.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The State Election Committee of the Hynniewtrep People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) today announced the second list of candidates for the 2018 MLA elections.
“This is a meeting of the leaders of Mawkynrew, Nongkrem and Mawryngkneng area, and the meeting has decided to oppose the decision of the Government of India to implement and enact the Uniform Civil Code,” he said. said Mr. Martle.
He added that this action of the MBOSE is a sign of the threat to the Khasi language.
Olanroi Suting's goal in the 4th and 27th minutes gave Demthring the victory and a place in the semifinals.
In Mairang, 90.4% of voters cast their ballots while in Mawthadraishan, 90.1% of voters cast their ballots.
The NCDC is the management body within the Department of Cooperation with the aim of establishing, developing, and funding cooperatives for the purpose of increasing agricultural production and job creation over time. lum the mar rep.
She also explained that according to Section 78 of the Juvenile Justice Care and Protection of Children Act, if anyone or anyone misuses children under the age of 18 years in the sale, purchase of alcoholic beverages, They shall be sentenced to imprisonment for up to 7 years and a fine of 1 lakh tyngka.
[published exactly as it is].
She said that the government has worked hard to talk peace with the ANVC & ANVC-B, but she has turned a blind eye to the HNLC. “We have lost confidence in the government and its working methods. Now it is up to the people of Hynniewtrep to judge whether it is the fault of the government or the HNLC,” said the statement. Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw.
“I urge the market dwellers to cooperate with the Market Committee to maintain the cleanliness of the market to attract the market visitors,” he said. has brought this market for the benefit of the farmers of the area.
We have allocated Rs 186 crore to deliver clean water to the people of Meghalaya,” she said.
Speaking on the VAB, they said they had seen in the media that the Prime Minister had met with the Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to discuss the VAB. The Prime Minister should have informed them that he has done something about the VAB by meeting with Rajnath Singh, but they said that nothing has been seen in his meeting. he's soh.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Nagaland and Chairman of NERPC has urged the State Governments of the North Eastern Region of India to make proper use of government schemes to strengthen the generation of electricity. The Revamped Distribution Sector Scheme (RDSS) from the Government of India through the Ministry of Power and also to strengthen the distribution network and capacity building of DISCOMS & the Ministry of Power. electricity production department.
In connection with this incident, police have arrested 73 persons from the farm house and rescued five children.
Fourthly, the influx of vehicles to the Civil Hospital Jowai is high and this will cause problems to the vehicles carrying patients and so on.
Shillong, June 18: The SP of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Mariahom Kharkhrang, on Tuesday said that the police have taken seriously the threat of the HNLC to Nepalis to leave Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
“This time during our visit to Delhi, we will meet with all the Ministers from the Prime Minister to the Minister of Home Affairs and others to discuss these issues with the Central Government. .
It is not by a clear understanding of the issues or the issues they are fighting for.
He said that Behdienkhlam has joined hands with the Ministry of Arts & Culture, Tourism, NEC, which will also include the G-2
“Only receiving the NOCs from the villages is not enough, it will be up to the department to consider and if it finds that it is sufficient, it will issue,” said Bah Ban.
In this way, the products produced in the rural areas will be more valuable in the market than the products produced by the large factories in the cities.
AIS Suja “Are we also blind?” This was the question of the Pharisees.
Through the Act 1957, the electors of the Syiems have been amended in which the 23 Kurs have been included and at present they are all according to the law. Act 49 Sec.
Amica Rynjah, Assistant Program Officer cum DR-TB Coordinator, in her speech encouraged the students to think about the symptoms of TB and to take them. how to prevent this disease.
In this later era, we see that many singers, rang phawar, have emerged in various fields.
If there were no missionaries, like Tamil Nadu, it would be like Bihar, Appavu said.
) at Divyadaan, Salesian Institute of Philosophy, Nashik, Maharashtra.
The Reservation Roster shall not be used for vacancies, transfers, appointments or promotions, temporary appointments for 45 days, day laborers. Monthly employees and contractual employees should not be included in the roster system.
He said this while speaking as the chief guest at the opening of the new office of Housing and MIG today at Dakopgre, Tura.
Those who attended the program were Rev.ER Kharkrang Senior Executive, Office Bearers of KJP Synod Sepngi, Office Bearers and Leaders of the Women's Assembly of KJP Synod Sepngi, Office Bearers and Members of the Executive The Committee of the KJP Youth Assembly, Members of the Christian Multimedia Ministry Committee, and others were invited to attend the programme.
The Prime Minister's reply was broadcast on a large screen inside the House and at the same time, through social media including YouTube and Facebook through the Meghalaya Assembly Channel.
According to the EM, the construction should not be closed but should be only as a decoration for the people as it will not be a gate to close and open every day.
These acts of robbery are the robbery of the robbery that has been suffered by others.
He said that the MCTA's claim that there will be a heavy financial burden on the students is also unfounded.
Small Phawa, 27, has been accused of raping a 14-year-old schoolgirl from a family who has been living in Riatsiatsim, Jowai for 20 years on 30th November,
The vehicle (ML-05 N 0202) was driven by Maina Dey, 30 years old.
Sin, whether small or large, is a source of separation from God.
Every woman wants to be with her beloved husband, with her beloved children, like other families, but sometimes she goes wrong, where she should be. long", said Hema.
He caught up with Ohindro Dalu and injured him until he died.
These include EGH: 26, EJH: 11, EKH: 223, NGH: 37, RBD: 28, SGH: 24, SWGH: 18, SWKH: 31, WGH: 59, WJH: 54 and WKH:
Ah! Woe to the little ones, they eat what they find.
This campaign is to fight against drug addiction which has affected the youth and the society as a whole.
The meeting was opened by Bah H Khongstid, who explained that on the 22nd of November 2014, they came to ban the quarrying in the area, but the sudden ban has left the people stranded. In the darkness, the police have forcibly stopped the quarrying, while the trap par or the landowners have not received any information in writing.
The principal and teachers were happy to see that Bhalang was still coming to class.
“Don't worry too much, go as we have already talked,” said the mother and sleep. “I went to sleep, I'm too sleepy,” said the father and looked at the clock. 11:30 pmThe day has come.
Nongpoh, June 07 : The Raid Nongtung, Ri Bhoi District, has decided to hold one of the traditional dances of the Raid Nongtung in the Hima Khyriem Syiemship in Ri Bhoi District. This year, the Dorbar of the Syiem of Raid Nongtung has decided to take another step to hold this traditional dance. Raid Nongtung in Ri Bhoi District.
The DCPO, DCPU Jowai, said that the child died on 24th July at 4 pm at Krem Shohnoh, Mukhla near Ummulong CHC. :25 pm at MCH Jowai.
In South Garo Hills, one house was damaged, one damaged, 7 properties damaged while in South West Garo Hills, 6072 houses were damaged, 161 damaged, 7 properties damaged and 909 hectares of agricultural land and in North Garo 4 houses were damaged.
At midnight yesterday, Israel claimed that Palestinian militants fired 150 rockets at Israel and many others were shot down.
The news came from a source close to the Prime Minister but it seems that the plan has not succeeded for some unknown reason.
The booklet describing the Prime Minister's visit to Indonesia on Tuesday and Friday to attend the 20th ASEAN-India Summit and the 18th East Asia Summit used the term “Prime Minister of India”. ".
If in this computer age there is no counting sign to write the age of God, that is God.
This word cannot be used in speaking or writing only one word Raimaw because the full meaning is connected with the word Raidieng.
He said that the union wants the government to have a law that if students do not get jobs in government jobs but they can get jobs in private companies. They demanded that Karnataka and Haryana should introduce a law to provide 75% employment to foreigners.
Police have not yet said whether he was killed or died for any reason but there are signs of injury on his head and the investigation is ongoing.
“I would like to inform the Congress that in the Lok Sabha election 2024, out of 14 seats in Assam, the BJP will win 12 and in the country the BJP will win more than 300 seats and Modi will create “The government has been elected for the third time,” said Shah.
A group of four secret supporters of the HNLC were arrested with the intention to detonate IED bombs in Shillong and Nongpoh.
The foreigner was identified as Omkar Singh, from Uttar Pradesh, who came to stay in Nongpoh, as he works with the Power Grid Company in Nongpoh.
So let the people judge and decide for themselves.
Ltd has received T.84.51208 lakh through the Meghalaya Industrial & Investment Promotion Schemes,
Therefore, instead of sohniamtra, it is better to plant sohmyndong or sohniangriang, and when you plant sohniamtra, the sohniamtra you have chosen will be sohniamtra. and those that are under the earth shall be those of the vine or of the fig tree.
The Association has sent a letter to the Vice Chancellor Prof PS Shukla to cancel the notification dated 12th July, which has set the deadline for the implementation of the NEP 2020 for all colleges affiliated to NEHU. He said that the MCTA had already sent a letter on 21st November but due to the silence, the union has started a non-cooperation movement from 1st November.
Several steps have been taken to this end.
The HYC urges the government authorities like the Labor Department and KHADC not to issue Trading License and Work Permit to foreigners freely as it is a threat to the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep.
(Luke 8:27) Leprosy affects not only the mind but also the whole life, and thus the cure of demon possession means the restoration of whole life to a person or persons.
However, the OSD has not done anything and many of the printers in the Post Graduate Section and Certificate Cell are very old and many are broken.
He said that under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Aushadhi Yojana, the number of Jan Aushadhi Centers has now increased to more than 10,000, with more than 2260 medicines and equipment.
Mukrang Kro took two wickets in 2.5 overs and M. Reicken Singh took one wicket in three overs.
After crossing the Arabian Sea for more than 10 days, the cyclone began to hit near Jakhau Port in Gujarat on Friday evening with strong winds. The speed was between 125 kmph and 140 kmph, but it became slower and slower after many hours.
Police used to chase people at the Polo team ground.
“The Thoh Ryngkaw is a religious ceremony and sacrifice to Leiryngkaw who is the protector of the Raij ka Muluk and the protector of all the inhabitants of the Raij Ialong from all evils and diseases. come from the north to the south, and from the east to the west.
Even if they come to school, it is enough and even if they don't come to school, the teachers are not willing to do anything that the government has not allowed them to do.
Karol Bagh in Delhi has the highest price of Rs 13,500 per square feet, while Golf Course Road in Gurugram, Haryana has the highest price of Rs 12,500 per square feet.
At the same time, they congratulated and expressed their gratitude to the MLA for taking the initiative to monitor these roads until they are completed.
On the Karbi Students' Association (KSA)'s claim to bring about an incident like in Manipur, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said that anyone can speak freely but the Government will do good.
The music was composed by Dezanz Runhaluz (Chilang Studio).
Once again they should go to jail again,” said Hep. “Yes, Hep, we should go together because then it will be easier for you to walk alone.
Jesus was born, like a poor man who had no home but in a stable in the middle of the night.
The Khadar Daloi Law College (KDLC), Jowai, which is the only law school in Jaintia Hills, has honored the students who have passed the LLB examination. will be announced on 18th July,
Besides Khliehriat, the other constituencies with the highest number of voters were Mawkyrwat with 25,948 votes while 20,927 voters turned out at 80.65%, followed by Ranikor with 25,541 votes. 19,827 voters turned out to vote, or 77.63%, followed by Sutnga Saipung with 32,834 votes with 25,034 voters turning out to vote, or 76.24%.
However, the Deputy Chief Minister's rhetoric has discouraged the people who were willing to listen to the facts.
These stars of the country will train themselves at St. Louis's SQUAT University under the supervision of Dr. Aron Horschig. before the opening of this year's Asian Games in Hangzhou.
Adhikari also learned the party's views on his decision, saying that he had decided to resign after hearing that there would be a split.
When inspecting, it was found that 22 water pipes with a diameter of 65 mm have been lost from the area. I don't know who has a hand in the theft of these wells, even though the people have already complained.
The meeting was held in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Govt of Meghalaya, Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, and Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States. Mr Mark Poffenberger, Ph.D.
The victory of IIM Shillong in the 2021-23 recruitment cycle is a testimony to the institution's commitment to providing quality education to its students.
“It is better for us to die at home than to be imprisoned, we will fight no matter where we are, we will never let the government sleep peacefully,” said Gurjit Singh in a statement.
If a person causes mischief by fire or any explosive substance intending to destroy any place of worship or human residence, they can be punished with imprisonment for up to ten years, or even life imprisonment, along with a fine.
Besides the rights, he also explained a little about the duties of the residents.
Two boxing rings have been prepared for the tournament.
“In Jowai I can't give money to the people, they support me with love and when I contest the election, it is the people who help me to deliver rice, pathaw, dai, shini and dieng to my house. ,” said Bah Wailadmiki and added that this allegation by Bah Ardent has defamed and devalued Jaintia Hills.
Regarding this, some of the residents admitted that the burning of hills and forests is not good.
Our goal is to see and be able to open throughout the state and in all blocks and constituencies as we can between the needs of farmers or groups in society”.
When Bah Ardent was sitting on the floor, Bah Amazing went to encourage him by sitting in the morning and some in the evening.
“I strongly oppose the summons of the Commission after I spoke to him on his mobile phone. “The Commission has sent a notice,” said Bah Latiplang.
Surprisingly, Dr Aman War said that the cost of Covid-19 treatment is only Rs 248 crore.
In Jowai, vehicles will not be allowed to pass from Wah Nangbah and New Hill to the DC's office, vehicles will not be allowed to enter from Chutwakhu and Mission Compound to the DC's office. Vehicles will not be allowed to enter Iaw Musiang, vehicles will be allowed to pass through the Thomas Jones road to Pohchnong. come elections.
When asked about the voice of the Congress supporters in Mawkyrwat after the resignation of Rowell, Diverland said that everyone is surprised but they will not rest to fight because of this incident.
In particular, the AMDA is deeply saddened by the government's failure to help many of the poor youth of the state who have ended up in the villages.
The residents of Hingaria Village express their deep gratitude and appreciation to Ma Marshall Biam for his promptness and generosity in providing great assistance to the residents of Hingaria Village. It is time for the people to suffer because of covid-1
The former ANVC-B leader also criticized the proposal to set up a State Level Committee in which they were not included.
Once all these ingredients and alcoholic beverages are mixed together, they are left to cook and store for months, allowing the cake to taste completely. and it shall not be eaten, when it is time to eat it.
Shillong: Nineteen youths, today, came to meet with the journalists, regarding the allegation that they disrupted the distribution of ration in the village to the Rangbah Shnong. of this village, Bah Mudon Singh Khong said.
Mawkyrwat, June 19: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) of Lyngkhom Unit has awarded awards to the students who have passed well in the SSLC/HSSLC examination in less than six months. /NEHU and at the same time to provide assistance to three poor families in Lyngkhom.
They said that the Executive Committee of JHADC under the leadership of Ma Thombor Chiwat CEM JHADC, had visited the cement factories in Lumshnong in 2020 with the intention of installing monitoring gates. They don't want to collect from the agricultural products that earn money and forget about these factories which produce billions.
“Well, how did you do well in the matric exam?” asked the mother looking at him.
If we want, they can order to shoot, but we can shoot by doing this,” said Conrad Sangma while campaigning for the NPP candidate from Nongthymmai, Jasmine Lyngdoh.
Madhya Pradesh Home Minister Narottam Mishra today apologized for not wearing a mask, which has angered opposition members in the state.
He said that the joining of Bah HM Shangpliang to the NPP shows his maturity in spirit and thought.
“I went to propose as a candidate to the people of Nongkrem to allow me to serve them.
Due to the lack of security, it has been learned that there have been cases where children detained in the area have escaped.
This forest is known as Khliehlangho which has been maintained and maintained in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli.
“Tourism is another way to improve the income of the residents of this village which is well known to the world,” said the Mawkynrew MLA.
Rupang, this is the right news to share with the public????.
Sumar Singh Sawian, Bikram Bir Thapa, Silbi Passah, Raphael Warjri, Moushumi Dey, Anita Panda, Bijoya Sawian, Tanmoy Dasgupta were also honoured. , and Mr. Hammarsing L Kharhmar.
Nongpoh: U Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, today called upon all the village leaders of Mawrong Road area, to discuss the plight of the poor people, who have faced at such a time and in the also to discuss how to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The Rotary Club Jowai together with the Rotary Club Orchids City Shillong on Saturday held a tree planting ceremony at St. Paul's Secondary School, Mookaswan, West Jaintia Hills District.
Jowai: As part of the prevention and control of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has issued a notice to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Vincent won the election from Sutnga-Saipung by 1828 votes from the NPP candidate.
She said the department has not been able to pay the salaries of the employees for 15 months.
Amit Shah held two meetings with Manipur Chief Minister Biren Singh and Chief State Officers through video conferencing and discussed the law and order situation in the state.
" Referring to the North Shillong constituency as an ‘unpolished diamond’, Dr War said, “We have got the economy in my constituency right from Iewduh up to Khyndailad and we need to polish this and shine again like a diamond.
As a resident of the village, we respect and love the village leaders who searched until the morning of that incident. I did not complain against them, but it is sad to see that they complained and turned against me.
When we talk about corruption, we often blame only the MLAs and MDCs and government officials, but when we look closely, corruption has now spread to all sectors from the government. community affairs, household affairs, organizational affairs, religious affairs, church affairs and others, which has greatly affected the human beings in the state and the region as a whole.
The VPP also included those from the border areas of Bangladesh, which fall under the Nongshken Constituency for the MDC election. In the evening, he was arrested in Laitlyngkot, Sohra Constituency.
Speaking to some of the residents, they said that earlier the road in this village was very bad but until the arrival of film stars.
The song was attended by the tyunshop, Dana Khongsdir and the drummers, Daphimanbha Khongkrom, Bani Khongkrom, Banaijingkmen Khongsdir and Haribasuk Khongkrom.
Various Sordars have also clarified that there is nothing wrong with the Garo villages. They have also accused the Garo villages of spreading the news. They are located in the Langpih Sector.
He said that after the news spread through social media, the officer was witnessed being beaten and forced to clean.
Facebook has announced that it will hire 10,000 employees in Europe to implement new metaverse technologies.
The photo was immediately removed from social media for fear of being arrested.
According to information received, in Lum Khasi-Jaintia, there are only a few constituencies with two candidates but almost all the constituencies have only one candidate.
In the first match between Mawphlang SC and Kharang SC which started at 3:15 pm, Kharang SC beat Mawphlang Salit by 10 goals.
It is up to us now to bring about change and happiness for the future and the legacy of our children.
Through this day, the Ri Lajong Farmer Produce Organization (RIO) has planted many tree seedlings and medicinal trees in the village with the participation of farmers and leaders of the organization. farmer.
They said that the hospital is now in short supply of medicines, equipment and doctors and the reason is due to the actions of the Medical Superintendent.
When asked whether the AITC will form alliances with other parties before the elections, he said the AITC is ready to form alliances with parties that are close to the working methods and thought.
I mean, the family is one.
This shows that you are trying to turn the ADCs into corporations where they can privatize,” he added.
Once this is done, and if some of the overloaded trucks can be stopped and not allowed to pass without first unloading the overloaded load, it may cause other trucks to you have to follow the rules.
Forms and tickets can be obtained from the designated shops, or contact No.9863023736 or 9863069359, according to a statement from Bah Wan Kharkrang President of SBUK. Members of the Meghalaya State Planning Board on Tuesday met to discuss the cooperation between the Canadian government and Meghalaya.
The Marbisu Seng Samla also alleged that the KHADC has used force in the appointment of the Acting Sordar without the voice of the people and without holding a dorbar. “We have not used force, we have done it with the consent of the 15 Rangbah Shnongs and elders of Marbisu Hima. Marbisu doesn't have its own law, so we follow the Appointment and Succession of Chief and Headman Act, 1959 through Section 11 Para (1),” said Bah Blah.
The Mawphlang MLA also asked about the government's preparations to host the National Game whether the government supports the sports teams in the state and whether it supports school fees or recruitment. the athletes from the sports sector, the athletes who have won medals for the state in sports at the national, regional and international levels and how much the government has allocated to them.
Mukhla won a surprising victory as they didn't score a goal in all the minutes of play but it was through extra time in the 45+2 and 90+5 minutes that they scored. this is your honor.
Shillong: U Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem, today at 1 pm, has been sworn in as the Interim Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
And God answered them in the book of 2 Chronicles 20:14-15 through Jehaziel the son of Zechariah, the son of Benaiah, the son of Jeiel, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Levi, of the sons of Levi. And the Spirit of the LORD came upon Asaph in the midst of the congregation, and he said unto them, Hear ye me, all Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem;
As part of the promotion of football talented youths from Mawpdang, Mawkasiang, Umroh, Tynring, Mawlynrei, Dieng-Iong, Siejiong, Ishyrwat and others, HANM Newshillong Circle has organized a football tournament. The tournament will be held on Saturday 11th of this month at Mawdiangdiang Stadium.
The celebration was held at Umlieh village on the 4th with the participation of schools of the area along with teachers.
Therefore, he urged them to take part in such games for their own benefit.
Through the ASHAs, awareness programs have been conducted to educate the people on how to prevent the spread of the disease.
Sainkupar Nongtraw said that the party wants to return home and leave the bloodshed but the Meghalaya government has not accepted the party's proposal.
Before the Mombati rally, a short meeting was held led by Lektor Dkhar and speeches were delivered to demand that the East Jaintia Hills Police should immediately investigate and arrest those involved in the attack. The student of the school was arrested.
He said he is pleased that all the railway lines in Jharkhand are now electrified.
The Election Commission will now send the names of the MPs elected to the 16th Lok Sabha to the President.
Wow, O God, where have you left us? Now the people began to pray.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said that for example, if the Bill says to exempt the Schedule Caste, Schedule Tribe or the North East or it will exempt the but at the same time, he said that it is necessary to consult with various groups on this Bill which will cause confusion and is unacceptable.
On behalf of many Rangbah Shnongs and thousands of farmers, a petition was sent by email to the Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister on two issues. Mawhati District, which will cover the Mawhati, Umsning and Umroi Assembly Constituencies and to create an urgent fund to repair this road which is the source of income for thousands of farmers, school children and especially those who They have been admitted to hospitals for more than six years.
“If you haven't seen the Bill in writing, don't be quick to celebrate because it is only the approval of the government,” said the MP. of the Sixth Schedule”.
/Semi Govt.
Where do they get money from? Isn’t it public money? If they really love the nation as they promised during the election, why don't they bring those powers here to their village so that the poor can live longer like them? Hundreds of crores of rupees are spent by our government every year on the medical expenses of its employees who go abroad for treatment.
The meeting was also attended by the village leaders and relatives of the members who took part in the programme.
Furthermore, India’s production rate of these products is 10% which shows that there are still a lot of opportunities in this sector.
In the Stock Category, Samla Banlamphang Marboh won the first prize and received a cash prize of T.25,000 and a trophy. Sunny B Nongrum won the 1st Runners Up and Daiaineh Paliar won the 2nd Runners Up. In the female category, Chelsea Byrsat came first, Febronia Effie Pajat came first and Lambhadaka Patlong came second.
The patrol was like a patrol during the curfew and this surprised the people who saw this.
HERALDSON DKHAR (UDP) –
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall, Sajer Nongpoh, where Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit as President of the party came personally not only to explain the principles of the party, but also took part in the introduction of the party. Members of the people who have joined the VPP party with enthusiasm.
They also alleged that the lack of appointment of the Acting Rangbah Shnong by the Syiem is due to the fact that in the past, Bah Bikendro Kharbani, when he was the Rangbah Shnong of Mawpen, had done He was wrong in the work of the village and for that reason the village has removed him for a short time, but now the Syiem has appointed him again as the acting Rangbah Shnong.
There are 20 types of amino acids that come together to form a special protein and are also involved in the formation of the scalp, muscles, bones, muscles, enzymes among others. .
you are like a stamp pad.
The Rangli Juki War has strongly condemned the Gorkha Training Center near Mawshbuit and the troops involved in the robbery and harassment of the residents in the area.
The KSU Wapung Unit has decided to award the 4th U Woh Tep Kyndait Memorial Academic Award 2023 on the 21st of March,
The Sirdar of Umniuh-Elaka, Bah PS Khongbeh, said that according to the family members of Rejila Shabong, she left home yesterday to go to Thangsngi market on foot. In the morning, when she reached a place called Kyntonjonsing, her husband, who was known as Ditino Diengdoh, called her to that place to talk to her.
The Minister said that in terms of eradicating drug trafficking or dissemination of information, the Ministry of Home Affairs in collaboration with various groups and states, is doing what is necessary to make India drug-free, but success will not be achieved without community participation.
A team from St. Edmund's College including Chemistry and Zoology visited the Lukha River.
India consists of many states where the inhabitants of these states have their own customs and traditions which differ from one state to another and which Therefore, I would like to urge the Election Commission and the Supreme Authority of India to enact a strong law to prevent one ethnic group from one state or state from participating in the elections. to vote in another state or state where they are not indigenous people of another state or state.
Lack of Information Technology to provide information in all aspects, lack of street lights in remote areas which causes many problems, Inadequate management of the vendors in the market which causes problems to the public which often we can witness that the foot path along the road in the market has been broken. School children and the public have to walk in the middle of the road along with motor vehicles which causes not only endless traffic jam but also a serious threat to human life.
“I will soon meet with all the senior officers of the education department to know how to implement the work so that Meghalaya can appear again as a center in the field of education,” he said.
Shillong, July 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday inaugurated the first office of Medusind, a US company in the fields of IT and ITES. The Chief Minister said that with this visit, the company will be able to employ the youth of the state.
Speaking to reporters, Derek O'Brien, on 11th July, said that all the parties in the Meghalaya government are not part of the BJP. The launch of the party's election song “Hoi Kiw ha ka TMC” was held at the party office in Lachaumiere in the presence of Meghalaya TMC President Charles Pyngrope and other party leaders.
The Khasi who received shops from this department are Nircy Thangkhiew T.2477, AP Syiem T.2676, P Kharmawlong T.1967, B Marbaniang T.1967, Malcolm War T.4170, Mary Kharkongor T. W Kharbuli T.816, B Marbaniang T.1223, J Sohtun T.1270, E Nongrum T.973, B Wahlang T.332, BN Marbaniang T.8578, KC Marak T.
Also present on the occasion was the Myntri Shnong of Rangthong, Bah K.Nongrem, Rangbah, Longkmie, supporters and hundreds of people who witnessed the event.
Regarding the meeting convened by the MLA, the leaders from different villages in the area, expressed their delight, because for the first time, the They had such an opportunity to meet with the MLA for the sake of bringing peace and stability in the villages.
About 1 lakh teachers and 60 lakh students will benefit in the next six months.
On the other hand, these sleepers expressed their gratitude to this organization for having such an idea for the welfare of the people of the jaidbynriew. They requested the Health Minister of the state government to look into the shortcomings of the hospital and the working methods have been poor especially the Megha Health Insurance Scheme card. Sunday as this affects especially the villagers who are far away from their villages as they have to come often.
Therefore, we must turn to Him as a nation without condemning other nations whom God has placed and created mankind here on earth.
The statement acknowledged that the departure of these two leaders has been a blessing to the UDP in the Zonal Unit as it has acknowledged that the members of the party do not like the leadership of these two leaders. They are also accused of being selfish.
“We need to be the voice of Christians, minorities in Parliament for those who face hardships and suffering,” she said.
Conrad said the aim is to ensure that the appointment process will go smoothly and quickly.
It is expected that 50 lakh shopkeepers will benefit from this scheme and the allocation of loans through this scheme will be T.5,000 crore.
In the first leg, Khliehmuchut Shangpung beat Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu 2-0 with the goals scored by Banteilut Langstang in the 52nd minute and Elizer Suiam in the 2nd minute. 54.
Not long after that, the couple decided to reveal their relationship.
Besides, they have blocked the village and have closed the village to prevent anyone from coming to Assam.
Khliehriat, June 03: At a meeting held at Khliehriat West on Saturday, the Chief Executive Council of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Central Executive Council, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, sent a message of congratulations to all the youth. “The youth are not only the future of the country and the nation, but they are also the hope, the proud and the shapers of the future of the country and the nation” at the same time. He also gave words of encouragement to the leaders and members of the Khasi Students Union.
This was also discovered by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Ri Mulliang Circle on Friday after conducting an inspection.
The lack of transportation services is one of the reasons that makes it difficult and affects the lives of people with disabilities in their daily lives.
Rohit, the son of the Congress leader, who works as a self-employed doctor, has signed a contract with another self-employed doctor in the United States.
They are important among choosing a path that can be built in the healthcare sector.
K. Sangma said that the coal mining in Meghalaya is different from other states in India.
The union also demanded that the MDA government should immediately remove the Minister of Electricity James PK Sangma from the department so that there will be no delay in the investigation.
We must strongly condemn such an incident and we must not encourage the youth and the people to commit such acts of violence.
In 1988 he entered St. Paul's Seminary, Upper Shillong and from 1991 to 1992 he studied at St. Xavier's Minor Seminary, Shillong and from 1994 to 1997 he studied Philosophy at Christ. King College, Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The FKJGP Central Body in a statement sent by its President Rangbah Joe Marweiñ has expressed its opposition to the allowance of foreigners to take part in the election of leaders and to He was also appointed as the Leader of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
The governor of Wyoming filed a complaint against the corruption and brought it before the House of Representatives, which led to the most famous investigation in American history.
In the Men's category, Dasaman Kyndait came first, Belin Dkhar and Damang Lyngdoh came second and third respectively.
India is also a country where society, especially among the Hindus, is divided into different classes and there is a distinction between the upper and lower castes.
In the MOU signed by this reporter through RTI, the first condition of the MOU is that the project will include the mining of Uranium Ore for the production of U3O8 as Magnesium Di. Uranate and later sent to the Nuclear Fuel Complex, Hyderabad for conversion into nuclear fuel for electricity generation.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang has announced that all shopkeepers in Iawmusiang will implement or allow the opening of 20 percent of the shops according to the order of the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai. & 5 from the 21st of this month.
Skills are a new passport to success,” he added.
Nongpoh, Nailar 04: The District Animal Market Monitoring Committee (ADC) under the leadership of Bah MB Tongper on Tuesday continued to conduct inspections of livestock farms in Byrnihat, Byrnihat, Byrnihat, Baridua and Killing in Ri-Bhoi District to ensure that the farms are safe and sound according to the rules.
The incident happened at 2:30 pm when the scoty (ML 05 S 2975) was heading from Nongpoh to Shillong. At Sumer Umbang, the scoty collided with a truck number ML 05 R 0556, which collided with the driver of the scoty and died on the spot.
“I don't feel anything, it's a mistake,” said Thabah. “I'm not a politician, I'm a self-employed person”.
Meghalaya is in the same group along with three former champions West Bengal, Kerala and Punjab and Rajasthan in Group A. Malappuram District Stadium, Kerala.
“I think we all remember that Dr Donkupar Roy, who was appointed as the Leader of the Opposition from 2013 to 2018, was appointed as the Leader of the Opposition even though his party did not reach 10 MLAs. “We appointed him as the Leader of the Opposition and I believe that this time too they will do the same,” said Dr Mukul. the Opposition has received a leader.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Dorbar Shnong Lumshyiap on Thursday held a campaign rally for all the candidates contesting from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency. NPP candidate Rocky Hek, VPP candidate Mayborn Lyngdoh, Samborlang Diengdoh and Jubanlang Kharbihkhiew are the independent candidates. The incumbent MLA who is also a BJP candidate has not given any promise that he will not attend.
Besides the Deputy Commissioners, senior officers in charge of various departments of the State Government were also present and urged to take action against the damage caused by the heavy rains and relief measures for the affected.
On the other hand, the party members also refused to accept the candidate whose name has been announced by the MPCC as she is no longer a member of the party.
Therefore, the party urges the KHADC to follow up on the resolution passed in 2018, which was brought by Adelbert Nongrum to recognize only the Hynniewtrep and Garo people as ethnic groups within the country. in the state of Meghalaya.
Harmanpreet Kaur has become the country's first cricketer to win the women's cricket title. was named Cricketer of the Year.
The reaching of this school is a great honor to all those who have supported this school from time to time and especially to the founders who have played a great role in serving the community. in distributing knowledge to the children in this area.
The five days for the dorbar shows that the State Government wants to avoid many issues that affect the state as a whole,” said the Working President of KHNAM-CEC. Thomas Passah said in a statement sent to the media.
The General Secretary, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, said that the people have agreed to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnongs and Government authorities to follow the rules and regulations of the authorities in charge of environmental protection. , to take care of drinking water supplies, streams, laundry facilities, agricultural fields, drains, roads and other necessities of the people for the sake of peace and order in the community.
The Model Code of Conduct will remain in force until June 6 after the announcement of the winners.
This road has already been dug but what remains is to clean the road which connects the four villages and the GS Road through Umtrew village which includes San Number, Byrwa, Ummirong and Kyrdemkulai which is about 10 km away. approximately 3.5 miles.
He said that the One Nation One Ration Card and the linking of Adhaar and Ration Card are ongoing.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang has decided to ban the use of multi-coloured plastic within the boundary of Iawmusiang Village, Jowai.
Others are just brothers of the BJP to be obedient.
Shillong: U Synshar Khymdeit, today said that he has lodged a complaint at Mawlai Police Station against the use of his name by people who sent a letter demanding money in the name of the Hynniewtrep Armed Forces. National Liberation Council (HNLC).
Shillong, June 08: The MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie, on Tuesday said that only flyovers can reduce traffic jam in Shillong.
The MPCC has urged Dr. Jemino not to focus too much on the Congress party.
You are 100 %Your truth Babu,,you are right.
At that time, media reports said that the BJP office has been closed because many state Council Members have not been happy to announce such an announcement but have said that it is necessary to hold elections. They have promised to send a complaint to the President of the BJP in Delhi and also to the General Secretary of the Election Monitoring Committee. It is learned that the complaint of the BJP leaders from the state has now reached Delhi and they are waiting for a reply from the party.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Paul said that according to the Juvenile Justice Care and Protection of Children Act 2015, the department needs to strengthen the work of the Child Helpline Service as it has only one employee. big.
He said that the BJP has always opposed the demand of the state government for an Administrator in KHADC. He said that the party wants the Governor to give the right judgment according to the Constitution. of the Republic of India, not to circumvent the Constitution.
Nitish criticized Laloo Yadav's family, saying, "A family with five or six children and they don't love their daughters at all.
In the pre quarter match, Mukhla Raij beat Lion 3-2 goals. Edwin Suna scored the first goal for Mukhla Raij in the 11th minute and Guisldingstar Suna scored the second goal for Mukhla Raij. minutes & 60+1
Shillong, Naitung 16: The death of a child at the Civil Hospital in Ialong from Twah-U-Sdiah village and those who suffered during the injection are still under investigation. some days, it’s not true.
Besides corruption, fraud, insecurity of women and children in society, inequality in education and declining income.
Therefore, the union strongly warns these illegal traders and meat producers not to sell to the public the dead and injured cows. The union also calls upon the public and various organizations to cooperate in order to eradicate these illegal trade activities. village only at night just to avoid being caught.
“How can the Bill go smoothly when there is no light,” said the HYC leader. “The HYC demands that the Bill should be reduced and they should build better, because this affects the people and is like robbing the rights of the people.
Furthermore, Kong RM Kurbah, said that at present there is no Quarantine Center in the District, therefore for those people who have just returned from other places and if they are not infected COVID-19, will be sent to their homes, but if those who have just returned test positive for COVID-19, they will be taken to the Carona Care Centers of the government.
In another match, Nongstoin College beat Union Christian College 6-1
It doesn't matter if there are those who oppose it.
“The Congress will restore peace in the country because there has been a stir in the country through the influence of the constitution,” he said.
Perhaps this decision was taken after looking at the literacy rate of 28.43% as of 1971 and perhaps our Garo friends are less educated.
Dubey, who lives in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, has lodged a complaint with the police about the shortness of the patlun poh.
There are no tables, chairs, benches, blackboards or desks in the rooms.
The Sordar said that in the past there was a lot of cow slaughter, but after he issued the ban, now there is nothing else that he knows, but there is a lot of cow slaughter here and there. he said he didn't quite know.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The KHNAM, the ARPA, today convened a meeting of the three parties, KHNAM, HSPDP and UDP. The ARPA has announced that it will be the last time to convene such a meeting to resolve the issues that have arisen within the ARPA, due to the fierce rivalry between the HSPDP and the UDP. The meeting was held in the Jaiaw Shyiap House of Representatives for more than 3 hours. It was decided that in the future there will be more such meetings from time to time to resolve the differences of opinion. Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the General Secretary of KHNAM, Bah Batkupar Wahlang, said that the meeting of the three parties has taken the decided to work within the ARPA until the end of the five years.
Furthermore, perhaps, in the coming months, other new candidates from various parties, including women, will emerge to contest the 2023 elections.
The party has warned that if the government fails to implement the demands as demanded by the people, it will stage a strong protest.
“The UDA has met in the presence of the Prime Minister, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and we have asked each of the 18 members of the UDA and they have unanimously elected a leader to take over the post. CEM is Titos Starwell Chyne,” said Prestone Tynsong after the meeting.
She urged the parents to provide proper education to their children so that they can avoid this danger.
The winners of the competition will have to undergo various tests according to the requirements of the Army which will have to check them thoroughly and they will have to complete these tests at the 28th of this month.
In the meeting with the refugees, Bah S.Warjri MSC said that the district authorities will send half of the state police, who are in the shelter, to stay there. in Huhuapara village, in order to be a source of peace for these people and so that they can leave the village slowly, but until now these refugees have not left the village at all due to the lack of talks. Police were sent to Huhuapara.
The pig farmers must not let the pigs outside.
but when they were married, many things were divided.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 10: VPP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum, Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang and other leaders have arrived in Mawkyrwat for the purpose of visiting the VPP. Explain the impact of the Reservation Policy and Roster System on the youth and the future generations.
On the issue of the new 2000 notes, he said that in the state, the people earn 3000 or 5000 tyngka per month and not tens of thousands or lakhs. up and down to earn money to buy small things.
They said that this decision of the state government will affect the rights of government employees and will also create misunderstanding in the public administration.
Speaking as the HSPDP candidate, Bah Primson Makdoh said that the reason why he came out as one of the youths from Ri Bhoi to contest the 2023 election, is because of the on the basis that he is determined to bring about changes for the benefit of the people.
“The Unity Mall will also be constructed at a cost of T.Rs 220 crore.
“This dismissal is surprising,” said Lyngdoh and asked the CDPO to clarify on what grounds she dismissed me when I passed and received the appointment letter for this post.
To promote sports, the government has also launched a programme, “Saindur seng ngang rit” where children aged 7-11 years old have been trained in sports such as football and others.
Furthermore, if any shop is found to have expired food items, the expired food items will be seized by the Office of the Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety without any warning will be issued after 31 March
After the meeting with James K Sangma, media reported that there was another meeting between the Congress MLAs against Mukul Sangma and Vincent Pala and it was said that this was a secret meeting.
At this meeting, it was proposed and requested to hold a flag raising ceremony and to wear the flag by all the people of the State for two days without being forced anywhere.
“If we are wrong or not, do we have the right to tie and bomb people with weapons that do not cause injury,” said the CEM. There should be no fear but there should be unity and cooperation when we encounter or see such insult to our fellow citizens.
They also began to spread stories about the matter among the elders.
He said that until 2012, the NEC had paid 100 percent of the funds, but since 2013-2014, the NEC has changed to pay 100 percent of the funds only to those who renew. The new application has been submitted that 90 percent will be paid by the NEC and 10 percent will be paid by the State Government.
Police and Labor officers raided Kynshi where there were foreigners who came to build pandals and other works.
'The backwardness of our youth is not due to poverty but the immersion in foreign cultures which makes them more likely to attend concerts than to participate in national activities. This was announced by Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw.
It is better to give parents and grandparents together so that their children can learn and respect them, otherwise, how can we consider ourselves a tipbriew tipblei nation? The important thing is that the nation will survive, grow and develop. apart from many things.
When asked whether the temporary lifting of the ban on the sale of fish without the test results will endanger the health, the Minister said, “That is why the society should take you don't need to be afraid.
We should not say that we have to choose one,” said the statement.
Conrad said the government has also struggled to introduce schemes related to self-employment so that the youth can stand on their own feet.
Both the teams are in Group-A with Roundglass Punjab FC and Bangladesh Army Team.
According to a statement from the BSF, the residents expressed their gratitude and appreciation to both the BSF and BGB for organizing such a tournament which will also strengthen the friendship between the villages. border.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 55336 out of which 50336 have recovered and 918 have died.
He said that the main reason for his resignation from the Congress party is because of the lack of leaders in the state. “It's for that reason that many of my fellow MLAs will leave, today in the meeting I didn't say much, I just said that the people want change,” he said. said Prestone.
All these are clear evidence that the preparations for the implementation of the NEP are in the midst of a serious delay.
Meghalaya opened the scoring in the 11th minute through Figo Syndai before Nelson Rymbai scored the second goal in the 20th minute to take a 2-0 lead at the end of the first half. .
The program was opened by a song by Bah Maurice Lyngdoh.
“They also said that as Judoka Students, when they followed the working methods of Dipak Mallick, they found that since 2015 after the appointment of President by Bah Phrang R Bareh from Jokai. Dipak Mallick has run the Meghalaya Judo Association as if it were his own club.
This day is known as the New Year's Eve.
Through this Act, it also stipulates that the places will be physical locations and the Act will issue licenses to those people, and that Online Gambling will become a game for children who Those who want to play free games can play through mobile phones and internet devices and the third is online betting or wagering money on various games through the internet, said Bah George.
Laban is a peaceful place and there is nothing like that as the news has spread in the media...there is nothing like that, my son is nothing, and there is nothing like that to say there is racial discrimination," he said appealing to the public not to create or bring about racial discrimination through the incident.
“We have followed up and we have already found out the reason and we have heard the statements of various candidates and we have given them advice in order to strengthen the party.
At a meeting held in Guwahati, the Minister also directed the contractors to prepare a blueprint for the completion of all the remaining works of the scheme.
Kitbok Nongphlang, Chief Organizing Secretary, FKJGP Jaintia Hills, took the lead in taking the oath of office to the new leaders and members of FKJGP, Khliehriat Circle.
About 90% of the residents of Lyngngam are self-employed.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Donkupar Roy congratulated the UDP workers who have supported the party and who are still supporting the party despite the defeat in one election. to another in this constituency.
The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills on Thursday imposed micro containment in Saphai village after confirming cases of COVID-1
Shillong, July 12 : The Central Government through the Department of Tribal Affairs has released Rs 41.25 crore in the second phase of the post matric scholarship for Scheduled Students. Tribe of Meghalaya for the 2023-24 term.
From the public health centers in the rural areas, Sub Divisions, District Headquarters to the City should be strong and good.
Alexander Hek, leader of the BJP in Meghalaya, said that the biggest achievement of the BJP this year is that it has been able to repeal Article 370 without bloodshed.
“The citizens of the state are different compared to the election of leaders because they have looked carefully, judged and are vigilant and the strength of the state is from the strength of the people,” he said. state.
They said that the Mawsynram C&RD Block has grown up completely on the map and has grown well but unfortunately its appearance has remained the same without any change.
“You don't know how to name yourself,” said Kong Rep.
“These people in the government only know how to sign tender agreements and calculate percentages for themselves,” he said.
“This has also prevented many complainants from Garo Hills from getting more experienced Muktiars from the area who understand the problems of the people to lead in the courts.
As the High Court has pointed out, the state has lost the revenue it was entitled to receive only due to the illegal transportation of coal.
The elders of the Hima also alleged that the KHADC's inspection was a fraud because for the first time the date was set according to the letter dated 12th March, November 19, 2015; as the court ordered, but the meeting was cancelled.
The BJP leaders met the Archbishop at the Shillong Archdiocese Bishop House and presented Akshat with an invitation letter to the Ram Mandir.
Bhaichung also surrendered weapons, rifles, bullets and other items.
Speaking to media, Babeeta Sarma said, “On the 7th we will start the Bharat Jodo Yatra and this is to raise awareness among the citizens of the country, on the impact of governance. The rights of the BJP Government to the country whether it is in terms of income, social welfare and governance”.
Kamchira top scored for Tura with 21 runs, while Jaylynn took seven wickets for 16 runs and Kim D Shira took two wickets for 31 runs.
There are 36 recoveries in the state today, 29 cases in East Khasi Hills including 17 high risk cases, 2 ILI cases, 2 SARI cases, 3 foreign cases. 2 cases from Laitumkhrah cluster, 2 cases from Lumparing cluster and 1 case from Madanrting cluster.
Use the resources that mankind has created with wisdom and that wisdom comes from the Creator Himself.
He said that the training of the youth from this training will be like an ocean for them to learn in their jobs, besides health.
Thank you for your contribution Bah.
Shillong, July 28 :The State Government is ready to build a new bridge about 3 km below the Umiam Dam.
The East Khasi Hills Police Department said that the number of vehicles and two-wheelers stolen since 2022 so far has reached
“The timely billing process has been disrupted due to the protest programs in the past months and also due to the large number of holidays in November ",.
Like Pilate to the Jewish leaders, “What is written is written”.
Referring to Mawphlang constituency, he said that he will win again this time as he has received the love of the people.
In fact, without the ILP, even Indians cannot enter the country.
Aman Kumar, a resident of Laxmipur in Jamui district, has been arrested while others are being sought, police said.
To make peace is not wrong, especially in such a Christian country, which has always reminded us to love our neighbors or to suffer another blow, or you have been beaten by another blow and these are the teachings of the mind of many in these days.
Shillong: For many years now, the residents of the rural areas, including those from the city, have been facing difficulties and congestion as soon as they reach Mawlong Market due to the overcrowding of the road.
The scrutiny will be held on the following day 26th November 2018 at the party office at 12.00 pm and those who wish to withdraw their nomination forms can do so at the same time. the day before 12.00 pm.
If the government can take care of such problems, it will be a great blessing to the people who live from agriculture.
Rangbah Sumar Sing Sawian explained through the newspapers the principles and principles of the Seng on all occasions.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Najer said, “Before giving rent, you have to submit an affidavit to the DC. If you need anything, you have to get permission from the DC. The private property belongs to the DC where the owners of the houses have no authority and the Dorbar Shnong is only a spectator,” said Bah Najer.
Speaking on whether it is a friendly contest between the NPP and UDP, which are the parties in the MDA II government, he said, “In politics there is no friendship.
This is to empower the people to decide, choose and implement according to their needs, so that the scheme works properly and benefits those who deserve it, and meaningful activities. to improve society.
I would also like to say that there is no problem for them because this job does not require a lot of money like other jobs to start a new job.
Frederick said that on the day of the Chief Election Commissioner's visit to the state, there will also be a public launch program for the SUPER SIX. ) Jowai Circle to strengthen the party in the villages across the Myntdu River by conducting membership registration and setting up primary units in Phlongingkhaw, Madur and Sohmynting.
According to the RBI report, the average income per capita in Meghalaya is 79,332 tyngka per annum or 6611 tyngka per month.
How can you see this branch, or do you have anything behind it?
The research agency Nity Aayog may follow up on this election process and may even rank it last in our election process.
The government has already released T.4,36,00,800 crore for Border Area Scholarships for the years 2018-19 and 2019-20, said Riki Mukhim.
In the Boys Double U-19, Stephan N Marweiñ and Vivian W Laloo won the title after defeating Kenan Jomaia Rani and Mewanpyntngen Shadap.
Therefore, on this occasion, he has done such things which are against the law and the society and he has also defamed the name of the village.
The political situation in Meghalaya changes in an instant, and most of the time, the change comes at an unexpected time.
Two people have died from COVID-19, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 to 1565 with 55 new cases on Tuesday.
John 4:22.
The results of the MDC election of GHADC 2021 have been announced.
Superintendent of Police West Khasi Hills, Bah HG Lyngdoh, said that if there are drug users who try to tempt, children should not believe but should focus on other activities that will benefit the future. their.
In this age, we can no longer say WHEN THE LAST DAYS COME; for these are the last days, and we are living in the last days.
He said this at the 22nd Scientific Conference cum General Body Meeting of the Meghalaya Medical Services Association (MMSA) on Thursday held at the State Convention Centre.
Jowai, Nailur 10: The 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 was held on Saturday at Sta Nangbah Stadium, Kiang. Northeast Jowai.
Three names who have appeared to contest the election from the party include Dr DRL Nonglait, former HYC leader Robertjune Kharjahrin and former UDP MLA. Process T Sawkmie.
“On the part of the party, as it has always stood, its position has not changed to oppose the mining of uranium in the state,” said Bah Mawthoh. on this.
How precious and comforting it is to know that the God we serve has promised to answer our prayers when we ask, He has promised to hear us, Prophet Isaiah 65:24, “ And it shall come to pass, before they call, that I will answer, and while they speak, I will hear.
Sanbor recalled that on 11th July, they had submitted a petition to the Prime Minister to exempt Meghalaya and the North East from the CAB, but till date, I didn't get any answer.
What you have promised try to keep it right and do it right so that you will not lose the trust of many churches and you will never be defeated again because the people love and trust and proclaim your good deeds if you are not change the jutang.
When asked whether there were any police patrolling, he said that at the time of the incident, the police were also present, and there were witnesses who were arrested. the two were however released.
We must be brave and courageous to ask questions, to criticize, to discuss, to imagine and to reshape the future.
He also expects that all the participants will arrive in peace so that the children's tournament will be a successful one.
“On behalf of the party and especially on behalf of the Garo people, we strongly request to include the Garo language as one of the languages ​​to be used by the government under the 8th Schedule. The PM's office will not investigate this matter.
Application forms can be obtained from the office of the Meghalaya Football Association, JN Stadium, Polo.
According to the documents, there has been an agreement between the JHADC and Namdong since 1980 on 5th July to hand over the forest to the JHADC for improvement and maintenance. Sal trees and other trees.
Ms Memory Marweiñ from One Stop Center Office, South West Khasi Hills District, spoke about the work of the office and also helps in many areas if the people need.
I don't know why Francis hates our village.
Which calendar, then, do those who observe the Sabbath follow, the Gregorian or the Julian?
On the other hand, the union has immediately demanded that the company should improve the network, so that the people will not lose out on the activities of the area as a whole.
The post mortem of Phibankyntiew was scheduled to start at 10 pm, but as the Mawngap police were still busy when the man was found, it was easier.
After this victory, Inter Milan will have to prepare for the final of the tournament on July 10 in Istanbul against Manchester City or Real Madrid.
The President also expressed concern over the shortage of IAS, IPS and other indigenous officers compared to other states in the North East.
“The Minister said that the CrPC and CPC will apply to the Courts of Meghalaya as a whole and even the Courts of District Councils, Lasker Courts and their Courts will not be released. Nokma,” said the Council of Nokma.
Apart from these few words, the CEM did not respond at all, but this shows that there was a discussion between the PDF group yesterday on these nine issues of the UDP and A short reply was sent to the UDP MDCs who attended the meeting to inform their party leaders as discussed with the UDP MDCs. This was decided at the PDF meeting held yesterday.
The President of the Unit, Samla Tynshain Krem said that in the past, the area (Pdein Charieñ) had only a footpath covered with mohkhiew and nar lyngka used by the Tahpat people only for the purpose of transportation. The market went to Khanduli.
“It is true that Dr Mukul Sangma has applied for tickets from two constituencies but it will be up to the Screening Committee headed by Oscar Fernandes to take a decision,” he said.
Twinkle, since she was young, has been in love with Akshay Kumar and for this reason, she has entered the film industry; However, when she got married to Akshay Kumar, she gave up acting and focused on writing.
It is the second and third part of the mission of Jesus Christ, which is within the boundaries of the mission as a whole.
For more than 50 years we have been allowed, it is time for the Meghalaya government to recognize us Khasi-Jaintia because even the Indian government is one of the main reasons for giving reservation to the Scheduled Castes.
More than 20 trucks have been seized before entering the coal factories by the East Jaintia Coal Miners Association (EJCMA). There are no coal mines but there are no coal mines in the cement plants.
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan has resigned today after the BJP lost the state assembly elections.
The Act stipulates that if the company does not have skilled villagers, it has to train them, in collaboration with the State Government. secretly, saying, that they had no villagers who could do any work.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 23: Not only those living in urban areas, but with the passage of time and the increasing awareness in all sectors of society, parents from all over West Khasi Hills have understand the value of education.
I'm not alone.
A 59-year-old woman from Hyderabad has been robbed of Rs 1.4 lakh by an AI speaker.
The construction of this road has started since 9th November 2022 but within 12 months this road has collapsed.
There are kingdoms which feel that they are equal in power and like masikyrtong who have well dressed their colours, they look at each other and wait for the right moment to win the case. .
Jowai, Jymmang 16: MeECL Shangpung Distribution Division on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Assistant Engineer of MeECL Shangpung Distribution Division. The office has left the transformer lyngkrang without adequate protection to protect it from any hazards.
Kitbok Khyriem scored three goals for Rising in the 76th and 84th minutes and Teimiki Passah in the 81st minute.
When it happens to their people, they will listen.
It is interesting to see how local entrepreneurs from Meghalaya are using natural and cultural resources to develop new markets.
“The report of the meeting with the leaders of different districts will be submitted to the SEC,” he said. “We cannot say anything on this yet, but the SEC will review the recommendations of the party leaders and make a decision.
aided institutions) to participate in politics is still only the Draft Rules.
“It is necessary to encourage the indigenous people especially the talented youth and Bah Raphael Warjri has paved the way with a bright smile at the gates of Mattithaw and Deiriti; The cost of the first phase is 40 Lakh Tyngka, in which the government department will provide the remaining phase until completion.
When I came out, I saw the hands and feet of people,which were scattered at the scene of the incident," said one of the passengers.
Besides these Ministers, they also met with Hardeep Puri, Minister in charge of Urban Development, Petroleum and Natural Gas, while they also met with Law Minister Kiren Rijju.
If we don't do this, our state will decline slowly because there are many people who are illiterate and don't have the skill development that the government provides. to train people to do any job, without waiting only for government jobs.
The meeting between the MDCs and the Chief Minister was held on Tuesday last month, but the reporter has not been able to confirm at what time they met. It was confirmed that their meeting was held at the Chief Minister's office.
“How can the CPP be called by the MPCC which is the duty of Pynshngain leader to do this and I, as Secretary,” said Antonio War.
This action of the government has stirred up the state media which said that the government has empowered them.
“The Government has amended the Meghalaya Services Amendment Rules 2015 by amending Section 20B of the Meghalaya Services Amendment Rules 2015. “It is necessary to inform the state government immediately that they have taken over the matter,” said the rule.
Surprisingly, such schools also receive support and assistance from the government.
These lists are 1: a rapidly growing society; 2: a rapidly developing society; 3: Middle-income society; 4: less than average development society; 5: Slow development society; and 6: Very slow social development.
Shillong: The biggest youth football tournament in the country ended in Shillong on Thursday at the JN Stadium.
She said she was misled by the teachings of some people.
He said that there was joy after Amit Shah announced to exempt the CAA from the Sixth Schedule but it was not enough as the exemption was only for 97 seats in the state.
“The office of the Project Director of NHAI has allocated funds for the construction of this nar bridge together with experts from the Army Authority and the cost will not exceed T. crore,” said Prestone Tynsong.
He was called for personal interview on November 15, 2014 but when the candidates were announced, there were 34 candidates and his name was not revealed.
These months are the months when parents need a lot of money because they have to pay admission fees, buy books, uniforms for their children who have just passed the MBoSE exams. The EC under the leadership of Thombor Shiwat is trying to find ways to get its share from the government. state for the payment of salaries of employees of JHADC from the salaries of MDCs, Officers, drivers and peons.
According to the findings of the union, although Bah Tippor admitted that these youths did not come, in the report he said that they had completed the training properly and he issued the certificate.
According to sources, no information has been received at the time of writing whether anyone was injured in the incident. there are no damages in this incident.
Passah said the truth is that most of the development works have been done in Garo Hills in the last decade and if the funds from various departments of the Government are collected secretly, Tura is not entitled to the title of city during the rainy season on the basis of development works.
Kit said that the party will continue to support Juliana if she apologizes to the people.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, in the presence of the Ministers and Himanta Biswa Sarma, in the presence of the Ministers, signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) in the presence of the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah to resolve the border issue in Hahim, Gizang, Tarabari, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pilingkata and Ratacherra.
The distribution is as follows: Khaw AAY will be distributed 35 kilos per month free of cost, Khaw PHH will be distributed 5 kilos per month free of cost, while Khaw PHH will be distributed 5 kilos per month free of cost. Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per month at the price of Die Lang at Rs.12.00 per kilo and at the price of Die Khutia at Rs.14.00 per kilo.
Shillong, November 30 : The Mawkynrew Sports & Cultural Club (MS&CC) on Thursday held a football tournament under the theme “Say No To Drug” was held at the Mawkynrew Football Ground, East Khasi Hills District.
In the middle of the match, Wasa FC scored two goals in the middle of the match. Aphuyemi FC from Dashngaing Shukhlain in the second half where Aphuyemi FC also tried to score well but by the end of the match Aphuyemi FC lost. 7 Wasa FC. After the end of the match, the best player award and a cash prize of T.5,000 tyngka were awarded to Dashngaing Shukhlain who scored two goals alone.
The HSSLC result was 80.30% pass rate, 25,437 students sat for the examination and 20,425 students passed.
It is learned that the BJP leaders have bought a lot of sweets and other food items to attract the people, but these sweets have not been able to gather people.
Prestone said the previous Act was only to protect those who come to stay in the villages but there is no restriction on those mynder as it was intended to pass this Act.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Director General of Police (DGP) PJP Hanaman on Tuesday said that it was the ULFA that provided training and support to the GNLA to develop improvised explosive devices (IEDs).
There are those who write SYRNOT and those who write SYRNOD.
Dakahipaia won the best boxer title in the youth category in the 50-55 kg category and in the final she defeated Imanroi Chympa.
At present, there are 58 vaccination centers in the district including CHCs, PHCs, Sub-Centers and others.
Dr. KK Nongsiej, Principal, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, recalled some of the issues of the foundation of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat and also the reasons for the erection of this statue. Sing King.
Shillong, July 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle has informed that the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle intends to complete the distribution of awards to the students of Mawlai Circle by July. Top 20 in SSLC, Top 10 in HSSLC, Graduate, Post Graduate to Ph.D.
From the 10th Jirang Constituency, Sosthenes Sohtun of the NPP, Bathok Nongmalieh of the UDP, Adrian Chyne of the Congress (INC), Riya Sangma of the BJP, Sunmoon D. Marak of TMC, Serimina D. Marak of RPI, Forcaster Nongrang as independent candidate and Bah Lee Bareh as independent candidate.
Here comes another question.
The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) will open the 10th North East Zone Shooting Championship tomorrow, 20th July at the Assam Regimental Centre, Happy Valley, Shillong. which will end on the 27th of this month.
The Durbar Shnong strongly requests the villagers to take care to attend the Durbar Pyllun on that day without violating the rules and regulations of the Village.
Shillong: Nongshken MDC Grace Mary Kharpuri on Tuesday said that she will win this election as she has served the Nongshken constituency for 40 years and the people will judge.
From the villages, districts, states to the borders of the country, these activities are also evident.
Afterwards, the winners of the Sub Junior Girls category were Youbansheba Iawphniaw from Yellow House, Junior Girls and Prettymerry Myrthong from Red House, Senior Girls. Merysha Myrthong of Yellow House and Senior Boys of Lamphrang Lyngkhoi of Blue House.
By the end of the final match, India had seven points, Lebanon (5 points), while Vanuatu, who beat Mongolia (1 point), had three points.
“We will wait until July 18 as the CEM has said,” said Bah Dibishon and added that if the CEM does not do as he has said, the party will hold a dharna in front of the KHADC. At present, Ri-Bhoi has three MLA constituencies while the MDC constituency has only four.
Shillong Lajong Junior will play against Tata Football Academy on the 10th of June, Rangdajied on the 12th and SAI Kolkata on the 14th.
He said that the leaders of the Kur Lyngdoh Marshilong, will not rest to monitor and meet with the police chiefs, if they find more evidence that there are others involved in the incident. They should confirm and inform the leaders of the kur, so that they know the truth.
These were the cows, which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh, according to a source from the border guards.
“This school is very old and has reached 65 years and has been destroyed by tin sop, trees and wells and this school building is also used as a polling station for elections. The FKJGP admitted that the DSEO has promised to take action to bring a new school building in the village.
How much more shall we gain if we increase our cultivation from side to side in all kinds of plants, and in our livestock as well.
He said the court had sentenced him to five years imprisonment under Section 10 of the POCSO Act and a fine of T.10,0
Achar said the government has decided to punish severely those robbers involved in such activities and has proposed to provide training to such activities. they will be employed so that they can support themselves.
Registration will be done through online mode on designated websites.
At the time of writing, no information has been collected and the investigation is ongoing.
In the evening, Minister of Youth Affairs Zenith M. Sangma came to inaugurate the celebration.
“We have 238 SMB officials who clean the areas under the Municipal three times a month, but unfortunately for them because the work is too heavy and the people don't care to maintain cleanliness. “Because as soon as they finish cleaning, they throw away the garbage,” said Kong Ampareen.
Two leaders of the KSU North Khasi Hills District have been arrested by the Ri-Bhoi Police today. Son Nongkhlaw, Organizing Secretary of KSU KSU on charges of involvement in the robbery of employees of a railway construction company.
The longest trial came from Majai and there were 12 cases lodged against the Syiem.
She said that Mr. Welcome has also spoken against the present Executive Committee and especially the personal life of CEM Mr. MB Rymbai.
This is a sign of the Government's view that the meeting is being held at the same venue as the G20 summit, where world decision-makers gathered this month. the dep.
The HNPF said that the engineer has promised to resolve and take action to look after the increase in the electricity bill in the area.
Meghalaya has been included in the same list along with Hyderabad, Nagaland, Mizoram, Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh.
Other experts who participated in the drug awareness program included I.Shadap, Clinical Psychologist, Nongstoin, GK Sangma, Inspector of Police, and G.Thongni. I am the Counselor of the Kripa Foundation.
They include Daika Amigale Warjri, Debasmita Dutta, Ajima Sangma, Monica Lyngdoh Phawa, Neha Hajong and Suriti Kumari Ray.
His three children, who were photographed together before the moment of their death in Colombo.
Speaking to Rupang, the UDP candidate expressed his gratitude for receiving the UDP ticket and also congratulated the party. One of the Riewlum parties which has the unity which has selected him as the candidate to contest this election.
In a memorandum signed by EJNC President Sambormi Lyngdoh and General Secretary Nangjan Dkhar, the EJNC said that in relation to the statement that the applicants are not land owners ( Applicant is not the owner of the land in question) The union requests clarification on the statement that the applicant is not the owner of the land “because this will be like a permission for those applicants who from outside the state or to allow companies to apply and this will affect the people of the area who live by the coal mining industry and this method of agreement can take away or violate the rights The EJNC urges the Prime Minister to consider carefully this issue so that the mining of coal will be only for the owners of the state to make agreements with each other and not with foreigners. .
“But as we move forward, I hope that in the next two to three years, we will see more solar power generation,” he said.
In the District allocation of Mikir and North Cachar Hills in 1951, part of Jaintia Hills was taken away and we have documents proving that one third of the area of ​​the country was 12-Dolloi. I have left for the Karbi Anglong District.
On the other hand, the DC also agreed with this and promised to give the floor to the authorities to fully implement this demand of the union. The residents of East Jaintia Hills District, especially those job seekers, the union encourages them not to lose hope and advertise for posts especially the DSC to apply and work hard in their studies, because “It's a minute's work that leads to victory,” said Sambormi Lyngdoh.
However, if we choose the right people, there will be no such corruption.
Informing about the scheme, the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Comingone Ymbon, also expressed his concern over the excessive crossing of the border by the people to build houses near water wells or near rivers.
Jowai, November 13: The Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, in his speech at the public meeting to confirm the office bearers of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Youth Wing 7-Amlarem, said that The MLA will contest for the benefit of the people as development works have been completed across the villages in his constituency including schools, roads, water supply and others.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The implementation of the Water Policy will take time as it will have to go to all the government departments to consider whether it is sufficient or not.
A railway bridge in Chongqing, China, collapsed on Tuesday morning after heavy rains have hit southwestern China for several days.
Two of them managed to escape while one of them was arrested.
Nongkhlaw also alleged that Anubrata Mondal has received strong support from TMC members despite being arrested by the CBI for smuggling cattle on the 11th of July.
It lives and teaches Hindu ideology by sending schools and training from children to adults.
The winners of Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya will represent the state and abroad.
This road is very important and connects the border villages.
The government is also preparing to close down the Housing Board as there is no revenue from this department and it is understood that the government will have to spend more than T.1 crore per annum for the housing. salaries of at least 30 employees who are unemployed because the government does not know how to manage.
Appreciating the efforts taken by the Youth Center to introduce various programs for the youth, the CM requested and urged the management of the Center to publish them in the form of all these things even if her service is only 50% so that she can set a good example for others.
It may be recalled that Topcem Cement did not submit its Water Compliance Report to the Ministry of Environment last year.
Besides, in this month the water in the rivers has dropped very low because the wells have dried up.
On the other hand, the parents of these students, after receiving information about this serious mistake of the authorities, came to the center to demand that they be allowed to write the examination. the fault of the authorities.
"“I put the people first. I haven't met the UDA. I don't know Bah Paul well and I don't want the EM seat. “I came to put the people forward and I came to serve the people,” he said.
Other jobs trained include working to assist nurses in hospitals or General Duty Assistant.
These three wrestlers, who are under the training of Bah Thomas Rongthaluh, President of the Meghalaya Martial Arts Federation, include Rimanbha Syngkli in the 59 kg category. Wanlamkupar Syngkli won the gold medal in the Low Kick category and Hynrai Khymdeit won the silver medal in the Point Fight category. Kyrshan Lyngdoh in the 54 kg category won the silver medal in the Low Kick and Francis Klein in the 63 kg category won the silver medal in the Low Kick.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The fourth Meghalaya Games 2022 came to an end on Thursday amidst a fierce and peaceful atmosphere held at the Indoor Training Hall of SAI at NEHU and which is also the site of many events.
These parts of the world have been at war since ancient times and there has been no peace where many kings have oppressed God's people.
While he was walking along the road, an evil spirit entered him that he should get the two lakh rupees alone.
Other candidates announced for the JHADC are Balios Swer, JCMDA leader, Bataw Lakadong, Philip James Bamon from Bataw Lakadong. Rymbai Khliehriat, Jeweler Synrem of Nartiang Umladang, Albinus Sympli of Mynsngat Khanduli, Winning G Sungoh of Mookaiaw, Bhalang Bang of Tuber, Hopingstone Bareh of Sutnga Narwan, Michael Nongtdu of Sutnga Nongkhlieh, Sumer Philip of Tangliang Arbor Hima Darnei of Saipung and Desous Pohshna of Narpuh.
JSM President Leningstar Rymbai has suggested to the state government to award the police of Assam because they are brave and skilled policemen to shoot unlike the police of Meghalaya who are brave enough to shoot only them. people who are sick at home.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The traffic jam in Upper Shillong will soon decrease after the completion of the Western By-pass from Lad Mawreng to Lad. Umsaw, Ri-bhoi District.
Speech was also delivered by Mr. Biangpor Shylla who gave training on the working and benefits of CSCs. Mr. Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat in his speech expressed his concern about the lack of attention of parents and youth. Mistari to register himself in Eshram.
They rejoiced and shouted that they were the only ones who could.
“Tourism is a very important sector and can bring about a transformation as the Government has worked hard to invest for the development of tourism destinations in the State.
Because of the nature of the work, NAQUIM will help bring security in the availability of drinking water, better irrigation facilities in farmland and the ability to support the work of developing water settlements in rural areas. country and also in urban areas.
“Clean up first from home, then go to the market to call for khadar rule, from home to sma pyut while outside call for clean rule,” said the General Secretary of the SSSS. they shall not hire only those who are near to them.
In doing so, extreme caution is to be exercised and a special case made out.
At the same time, he said that the Sixth Scheduled was also discussed and will be discussed further at the next meeting.
Matharoo, chairman of Apex e-Learning Bangalore, was released on bail after being remanded in custody for 14 days.
It is surprising that the Central Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs has not listened to this demand from Meghalaya even though it has been a demand for more than 50 years.
The chief guest on the occasion was Swapnil Tembe, IAS and the chairman was Isabella Sohtun.
The mother of the child has requested that if anyone has seen or found the child, please inform the relatives through the number 9856293606. The East Khasi Hills District Police in a statement sent to the media. that the young woman is 5 feet tall, light skinned, round face and wearing a blue and stem dress and pants.
Nongpoh: A fire broke out in a house in Quinine village in Ri Bhoi district, where the house of Kong Kyntiewlang Syiemlieh, has suddenly caught fire. The house was completely destroyed and this caused a huge loss to the owners of the house.
He also explained the RolltoPoll which is the objective of the Election Commission of India (ECI) to ensure that no voter will not be included in the Electoral Roll including those with disabilities.
Thank the Lord when everything is going well when things are not enough, we always have faith in the Almighty," he added.
The arrested were identified as Rapme Dkhar, 22, of Nongrim Hills, Brandon Jyrwa, 21, of Jaiaw Laitdom, Rapheal Wanniang, 21, of Upper Mawprem, Kyrshanlang Ryntathiang, 19, and Ferdinand Massar, still in police custody.
MCS Joint Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, IT &C Department and Hazel DB Sangma, MCS Joint Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Education Department.
Speaking on the protest by the Congress, BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang said that the mass protest of the Congress leaders from Meghalaya who allegedly affected the budget of the poor is only The truth is that it affects the financial situation of these Congress leaders who are the leaders of the state.
These oxygen cylinders were launched at the JHDS office at Bishop's House Jowai in the presence of Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar, Diocesan Administrator, Diocese of Jowai, Rev. Manbha Pakem, Director JHDS and others.
The second match of the day was between Shangbangla SC and Eleven Brothers of the U-13 Boys. Shangbangla SC beat Eleven Brothers 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Bah Rymbui said the price of kwai has dropped significantly and this has led to a decrease in the production of kwai and low income for the farmers.
Speaking to media after meeting with the Minister of Agriculture, SP Chadhury, one of the farmers and traders in the state, said that the meeting with the Minister was very successful. seisoh, in which the TP is released from the synsar.
Media reports said the troops were sent near the city of Palmyra to seize areas captured by ISIS.
In the second half, Two Pillar Tang (52) and Dame Chan I Sayoo (54) scored two more goals to secure the victory.
It is on this basis that the government has taken the responsibility to introduce the largest Piggery Mission scheme in the state and from this mission it will be able to increase the meat consumption in the state, he said.
Shaibor Nongrum scored two goals for Nangkiew Irat SC to beat Sawmer SC 2-1 in the second match of the Shillong Tournament. The Premier League 2023 will be played at the SSA Stadium, First Ground, Polo on 19th October.
The truck was carrying rice from Madhya Pradesh and the accident happened in Rangia Chanmari K Beash, Assam, said the driver of the truck.
Mawlangwir Dorbar Shnong, Markyrwat Dorbar Shnong, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mrs. Rapbor Kharbihkhiew, EAC & BDO, South West Khasi Hills District, Dr W N War, District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer, Dr V Nongbet, Senior Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer, South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur : The Agriculture Extension Center (KVK), West Khasi Hills has celebrated the National Day on the 15th of this month at KVK, Nongshillong.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Mairang Circle today held a public meeting at the UDP headquarters at Mairang Mission East Khasi Hills District. thousand supporters of the party from Mairang Constituency.
Besides J Treilang Suchiang, the UDP also welcomed former MDC Shemhok Garod from Nongbah.
She hoped that the repair of the road from Jowai to Ratacherra will be completed within next month.
“The outside is still good but we cannot know the inside parts and this can only be known through the test,” he said.
Tharoor wrote, “Who says that the Lok Sabha is not a beautiful workplace? With six of my fellow MPs this morning,” Tharoor wrote in the photo.
However, we strongly condemn such incidents because they prevent those who want to come and rest and stay in the village,” said Bah Jyrwa.
In a video speech on Telegram, Zelenskky said Ukraine deserves to be a full member of the group.
Meghalaya is ready to host the Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival 2023 despite the fact that the roads and paths are covered with pink and white trees. .
The introduction of the 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has stirred up the world and the Chief Minister of the state has also been angry with this move.
The committee has decided to appoint those who have passed correctly and to remove those who have not been selected for the post of teaching , but the state government has still delayed in doing so decide.
“If this road doesn't reach the goal or the people will be able to use it, it means that they have come to the forest – it doesn't mean that it is given to people but to animals,” he said.
The BSF said that the phensedyle traffickers are trying to use many places to market phensedyl.
Important minerals such as cobalt, lithium, silicon, graphite and rare earth elements (REE) are used in clean technologies such as solar modules, wind turbines and batteries.
There is no restriction on anyone to become a writer/journalist but there are rules to follow and procedures to follow so that the news you publish is clear, impartial and above all, the bym led astray.
The union leaders said that the opening and operation of offices and schools on this day shows that they do not respect the indigenous Khasi people of the state.
Even before this government, they are not enough or cannot become obedient as those in power want.
He alleged that this is another reason for the unrest in the state.
Let us mention here only four types of problems and difficulties, one is the delay in receiving money, two is the rejection and suspension of financial assistance including 100 days' wages, old age allowance and expenses. for not having children.
As usual, the person appointed as PCCF & HoF, Forest is also the Chairman of the State Pollution Control Board.
Finally, the leaders of JYF Lakadong Ummat-Unit appeal to all the residents of the village to work together in accordance with the rules and regulations laid down by the government. to prevent the spread of Covid-1
“We want to show a sign of solidarity with the people of the area to instill in them a spirit of peace,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
He said that although the exit polls have already determined the victory or defeat, the important thing will be on the 2nd which is the day to announce the results.
Raising the issue at the BJP meeting, Shah said that one-household rule, ethnic discrimination and politics of force are sins. and it is for this reason that the country has faced many challenges in the past decades.
Police said that before committing suicide, he had a video chat with his girlfriend.
That is the development he is talking about and he wants us to understand the meaning of the word.
In July this year, Kong Ampareen visited the office of the department and dismissed them without giving a written notice at the time of her visit, which showed violence, the RBYF and He added that these women have been working since
After the sacrifice, the luta and jhur kpu were followed by the drinking of kyiad um as a sign of thanksgiving to the Creator and the ancestors to receive their blessings.
During the fighting, 23 security forces were killed, including three army officers and three civilians.
“Any nation that violates the law has no intention of speaking in tongues,” he said.
Think 12.
The following are the electricity situation in different parts of Garo Hills.
This year's death of Chokpot MLA Clifford Marak on 1st October, followed by Ripple Kyndiah, former MP Lok Sabha who passed away on 26th October.
Some of the trainings that companies will come to give are on how to welcome foreigners or jobs in hotels, IT, quarrying and others. companies will provide training for about 3 to 6 months to unemployed students.
, Mr. S Phukan, General Secretary and members of the Sanker Dev Cultural Centre, Shillong, Mr. Andrew Sawian, Mr. Memora Shabong, General Secretary and Assistant Secretary of the Indian Red Cross Society, Laban, Shillong, Bah A Marwein, Secretary, and members of MCIC, 19 South Shillong Constituency along with Rangbah Shnong and Rangbah Dong.
The All India Football Federation (AIFF) through its Secretary Shaji Prabhakaran said that the Central Government of India has done its part by granting permission to the All India Football Federation (AIFF). neighboring in the tournament which will be attended by five neighboring countries and now it remains only in that neighboring country to complete its duties in terms of documents. India and Pakistan are in the same group and the two teams will play in the AIFF rules and regulations. Paramaki on the 21st of this month as the opening ceremony of the tournament.
At the same time, he said that the meeting of the DSC youth will be held on the 12th at the dorbar hall at Mawkhar and members are requested to attend the meeting.
Speaking to reporters, Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh said that she came to meet Mynsong after receiving a report about the lack of proper treatment by the doctors at the hospital.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84752 out of which 83161 have recovered and 1478 have died.
James Sangma's manner of speaking to the journalists showed that he did not care about them and made the journalists angry.
This opens up opportunities for health care providers to prepare their practices to control diseases, to work when there is an outbreak of disease, and also to promote health.
It is the parents who teach their children at home.
She said the government encourages the residents to use these buses and urged parents to register.
They were brought back by young men who did not help them.
Lawshlem village is located in Mawphlang C&RD Block.
Also present on the occasion were the leaders of the KSU Sengkmie and the leaders of various Units of the Circle.
Shillong, November 4: The HSPDP has said that it is confident of winning four out of six constituencies in Nongkrem, Laban-Mawprem, Rambrai and of Mauthadraishan.
but I say, God is able to do whatsoever he will.
He also recalled that in the past, the Assam Government, has treated too many Khasi living in the Langpih area and said that if you do anything, you have to get permission from the Assam Government. The Assam government and if it is necessary to cut down only one tree, it is not possible and we have to cooperate with Assam from time to time. Langpih was in the midst of unity and this lasted only for a while and now unrest has started again by reviving the Hima which died about 150 years ago.
Since Dr. Mukul Sangma ex-CM has transferred 12 Congress MLAs to the TMC, now there are only 5 MLAs, you can see the pride (1×4=3).
“It is here that I understand that the state government does not pay attention to the problems faced by us as the people living on the Meghalaya-Assam border.
The meeting was attended by office bearers from Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh.
“I urge the disabled not to disagree with us because as a businessman, I have found that many people with disabilities are more talented than God has given them, they have more than we have, and they have something more special.
He said that after 2016, implementation started and by 2020 before the COVID-19 pandemic, the production was only 5000 MT and did not reach 15000 tonnes per month or 600 tonnes per day.
The Minister in charge of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, on Tuesday informed the House that there are more than 1600 vacancies for teachers in various schools in the state. State.
This is the voice of the people who did not get anything from the previous government, so they want to see change,” he added.
I who get wisdom from books.
General Secretary of the party Lurman Talang and other leaders from the West Jaintia Hills District Unit visited the school and found out the truth.
“Solar generation is not disruption-free as it depends on sun availability.
The failure of the district administration, in which the police of Gomati said that they will act according to the rules of law as soon as they can verify what happened.
He said that as Christians we do not support violence because it is against the will of God.
This incident also highlights the poor building system in Shillong or the violation of building codes in the city.
The teams in the First Division this season include Nangbah Iawmusiang, Mosalyngkat, Sohmynting, Sabahmuswang, Mukhla Evergreen, Wahiajer, Luti Tuber, Demthring, Mookyndur, Khliehiongriang, Shangpung Moosyiem and Dulong.
Rule 3,2 of Part 5 of the MCC states that political parties shall refrain from making any promises which may lead to wrongdoing, gifts/offers/promises to anyone. any person with the intention or for later benefit and any attempt to interfere on the part of candidates relating to the right to free election of leaders.
New Delhi, July 25: The President of India, while addressing the nation on the eve of the Republic Day celebrations, has congratulated the Army, Air Force, Border Guard and he was a border guard.
“Ka seng has taken this step after seeing the problems of the people of the area which has affected them especially the students who have to do online and other requirements according to the Furthermore, the KSU has urged that if the tower cannot be completed within 10 days from 20th June 2024, the KSU will take back the tower. The Publicity Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Umsohpieng Unit.
Shillong, March 21: The MPCC has ordered its MDCs to withdraw from the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. suspension of zinc.
Speaking to reporters outside the Reliance Energy office in Kandivali, where the Congress leader held the strike, he said he would commit suicide at his residence. Reliance ADA Group is headed by Anil Am.
He said that the projects he has proposed for the area have amounted to about Rs 2 crore in 2021-22 and about Rs 2 crore for 2022-23 but no sign has been received yet.
Speaking to reporters after being elected, Bah Rani said, “As a new leader, his main goal is to bring unity among the people and political parties in the state”.
At the same time, they urged the Chief Minister of the area to talk to the government for the improvement of this road, which is one of the most needed roads by the people living in this area.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The BJP Youth Wing (BJYM) Meghalaya today held a rally near the All India Parliament. Radio, Shillong to express their opposition to the white paper on the appointment of illegal immigrants in the education department of the state.
In my opinion, the churches in the villages on Good Friday and Easter Sunday are packed with people just like the queues of liquor buyers.
Meghalaya Smiles included quizzes and games conducted by RJ Baio of Red FM, a song Phawar on the importance of a smile, a drama and a public performance of The Oscar-winning film 'Smile Pinki'
Otherwise, the foundation of the District Council will be shattered and at that time, the Trai Ri will say that it is no longer useful to have a District Council because it is only a destroyer of the land and the nation. , so it was necessary to surprise people and cleanse them before they were destroyed.
(vi) Jesus came into this world by the command of the Father, and those who kill will not inherit His spirit, so He said to His heavenly Father, “Father, into your hands I lay down my life" (Lk 23:46).
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the RBYF, Western Zone, including Bah Active Pator and Bah Running Well Syngkli, said that as the RBYF, they have to meet the Inspector of the department. Supply, in order to find out the reason for the shortage of kilos of ration that the government intends to distribute to the people.
This goal was the victory for Punjab to qualify for the title.
On the delay of the Government of India in approving the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya, Bah Jyrwa said, “The distance of the minorities in the North East from India since ancient times is their own doing. When we gained independence, we did not get the rights of the North Eastern States.
The Union of Rangbah Kurs of the Bri u Hynniewtrep has nothing to do with political activities or any political party.
“There may be concerns from the private sector, who may want this and there may be those who want to move forward with it, it should be resolved in a timely manner because as I said, we have to To get the consent of the people, we have to study the impact of these activities and after these, we have to ensure that no steps should be taken in this direction (to dig) because “As I said, it is a matter that affects the lives and livelihoods of the people and the future of our people,” he added.
Regarding the allegation that the ambulance was purchased for T.5.50 lakh, Pynshngaiñ said that the allegation was unfounded and when asked how it cannot be true because of the public information act, the The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Pynshngaiñ, said that initially there was a plan to purchase an ambulance for T.5.50 lakh but in a letter dated 29th June, He said that he has sent away and offered to buy an Auto Truck worth T.1.50 lakh and two footpaths in Mawsynram worth T.2 lakh in two villages.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the election for the election of leaders is near and therefore they should go to Delhi to speak, not just to sit and talk. approve the resolution in the state.
What I don't understand is how Bah Deng tries to mislead by mentioning only the issues of the Committee, but listening and ignoring what the Committee has decided and recommended. The Committee, headed by me, which includes MLAs, CEMs of all 3 ADCs, Hima Chiefs and almost all the prominent Seng Bhalang, has been appointed. “The introduction of ILP in the entire state through legal channels, should include Garo Hills, in view of detail the reasons, why it was dropped from the 1897 appropriation.
In the second half, Federick Wahlang scored in the 52nd minute.
With this victory, Lajong have advanced to the final round after topping Group B with nine points from three games.
He said the candidates have been considered by the Block Congress and then by the District and MPC before being sent back to the AICC. The party has not yet taken a final decision on the election.
Destiny : means destiny – destiny is the soul of man that cannot be changed or destroyed; the end is the end and the end of a part.
concentrate on what you are doing.
Lumshnong Anti Dacoity Camp Police have investigated both the cases and sent the case to the Women Cell at Khliehriat Police Station. David Khongsit under section IPC 354 relating to violation of the dignity of women and the investigation is ongoing.
The length of the National Highway in the state has now exceeded 1100 km compared to only 150 km in
Pangñiang said that after being informed, the HSPDP has arranged to hold the meeting on the 30th of this month at Mawphanlur, which is one of the tourist attractions. This is also the village where a monument to (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh, the pioneer of the statehood, was erected. in the Khasi State.
When trying to read from the books especially from the article “AHOM CHRONICLE” it is said that the French in their invasion of this Hima in 1835, the French did not conquer the whole Hima. u Syiem Sutnga and upon the invasion of the French, they declared only a part of the Hima of Syiem Sutnga.
“We demand that the KHADC should take immediate action on this issue and should hold a public election with the participation of the people of the village for the secretary,” said Bah Roykupar Synrem and other residents. in an interview with reporters on Tuesday.
According to the District Transport Office (DTO), from 1st July 2020 to 6th November 2023, 74 electric vehicles and motorcycles have been registered. You can register at the office.
Sylliang said he will appeal to the DC to punish the Dhar Company according to the law and to pay compensation to all the injured workers.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 15: As part of the awareness campaign for the muster roll workers working in government departments, such as in offices and outside offices, such as on PWD roads and others, today 15th May The Inspector of Labor Department, West Khasi Hills, u Bah M.Kharbuddon, has invited the 113 muster roll workers working in Nongstoin Division, to explain the assistance schemes allocated by the government for them. that through the E.shram.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah AL Hek said, “I have never seen such training which can showcase the talents of the athletes of the State.
At the Constituent Assembly held on 27 January 1948, two amendments were introduced in Rule 51, (i) that the term “representative” means anyone elected as the representative of the Constituent Assembly; States or States to the Assembly in accordance with the provisions of the Schedule to these Rules (ii) includes any person whose Syiems or Nongsynshar or Leaders have notified the President in accordance with the provisions of in the Schedules of the Rules and elected as representatives to the Assembly for the State or States.
Another problem of the Community Hall of the village is that it does not have a proper toilet and when there are any programs they have to go to the houses nearby.
On the other hand, Bah PN Syiem promised to take action on this demand and the Executive Council (EC) will soon convene a meeting to discuss this issue.
“For decades we have suffered from the excessive deterioration of this road and it has affected the trade, traffic and especially in terms of illness,” said Bah P. Country.
Astronomers are still looking for ways to protect the earth from these unknown events that may come at any time.
Those who witnessed the launch of the COVID Shield at Umsning CHC, included NP Nampui, Commissioner Secretary, RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi, Dr. MM Mawrie. District Medical and Health Officer and other officials from the health department, including representatives from the World Health Organization and the United Nations.
Within 15 days, on the 15th of March, the price of petrol has been increased to T.66.65 and diesel to T.
The faithful who will take part in this jubilee service will come from all over Meghalaya, Assam and the North East.
In the first match, Lumparing beat Synroplang 77 goals 6-0, but Mawlai girls continued to show their desire to win again. Maw U-Tieng beat Maw U-Tieng 7-0
The Hill State People's Democratic Party (PDP), the oldest political party in Meghalaya, has decided to strengthen and expand its work not only in the Khasi Hills.
The union believes that the poor implementation of the scheme could pollute the water and make it unfit for drinking.
The child escaped from the prison with another friend.
Tourism is a source of income that can bring about rapid income growth and social development or employment opportunities for the youth especially in these times of unemployment.
According to him, it is very sad to see that some teachers have served in the teaching profession for 30 years but some of them have not received their pension or the pension.
"I Kong Leba asked, "Who shall we blame, whom shall we blame, whom shall we shake hands with, whom shall we praise? Is it the leaders or us the people who have elected them?" Really heavy words and a new question to answer.
A discussion held on Saturday on this issue showed that social media is like that.
INTRODUCTION :The General Assembly of the United Nations Organization (UNO) in 1997 in one of its sessions, took as a special issue regarding the environment how to care for and protect the environment.
The payment for this year (2015-16) is T.471 crore and the pension is T.446 crore.
The indefinite strike by the Adhoc teachers came after the Government did not discuss anything in the Cabinet meetings until Tuesday despite the promise of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma. Kongkal Sangma in front of FASToM leaders at a meeting held on 12th June.
Earlier, while bringing the resolution in the House, Marak said, “Garo Hills is still lagging behind in all aspects, in terms of income, education, especially compared to other states. “Therefore, to escape from these problems, we should have our own state,” said Marak.
Under the leadership of their CO, they conducted a thorough search operation at Taira Satianaguri village and started searching for these five ULFA (I) militants and arrested them from their house. of Bhuvan Gogoi.
Six days after the two HSPDP MLAs left to support Conrad K Sangma for the formation of the government, the supporters especially the members and office bearers of the HSPDP from Mawshynrut held an emergency meeting on the 4th. They are divided into Maweit, Shallang, Pdeng and Shilliang Wahbalei.
Shillong, March 18: The President of the Mawkynrew Block Congress Committee (NCCC) on Tuesday sent his resignation letter to the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Block Congress Committee (MNC) Vincent H Pala.
The HNYF said that if the NoC is issued to set up kyiad shops, it will cause traffic jam like what happened in Polo and it could also cause many crimes in this area especially because this place is clean. This was announced by the President of the Republic of Bhutan.
The researchers said that they are especially concerned that 10 percent of the children said that they bought these beverages for the purpose of drinking as a spending time in any place where they sit.
“This is the second most difficult and challenging time but we will try our best for the benefit of the state.
The incident happened at Dawa Nengjata near Williamnagar at 5:30 pm.
Nongpoh: A man named Dum Bokca (48) from Barigang village in Patharkhmah area, Ri Bhoi District, has allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself. He was rejected by the employees of the State Bank of India at Patharkhmah Branch for assistance. should be received.
The main issues are the poor management of the border issues between India and Bangladesh and Assam-Meghalaya which has affected the border people of Ri Bri u Hynniewtrep, the closure of border markets, the the lack of higher education, the demand for ILP and against CAA and the harassment of the border residents by the BSF from time to time, the Kharmetor issue and the shooting death of Khasi in Mukroh. it just happened recently.
After that, the Women's Service of the Presbyterian Church Nongstoin started the drama and as soon as it started, the crowd started playing chess from the elderly, women, youth and children.
