The overwhelming number of patients has overwhelmed hospitals in Spain and it has been seen that patients have had to sleep on the floor and in front of doors and these are those who have the coronavirus.
Of course, it is impossible to say how true this is, but if it is true and if anyone finds that it is true, such people should be complained against.
On the other hand, the district authorities have also banned the detonation of pataka bombs or any illegal noise making devices as it affects others.
Heavy rainfall is expected in some parts of the state in these days.
Rev. Ricky Mukhim of Mawlai Church, John Paul Lyngdoh of Mawbri Church and Lambha Laloo of Laitlyngkot Church.
The Committee of the KJP Synod has held a meeting on the incident.
The 2 kilometer road from Nonglwai 2 to Mawkaïang in Nongkhlaw, a place of worship, has not been completed yet.
To compare those who live in the city with us here, you don't fit anymore, Ksan's mother.
She also admitted that Shira has not joined the North Garo Hills District Congress Committee and has never been able to attend even a single meeting of the party.
A variety of new smaller commercial vehicles as well as pickup trucks were introduced for customers.
Since 2013 when I came to contest I have seen that the roads have not changed and this has put pressure on the people in the development,” she said.
Speaking on the relationship between health and environment, the Prime Minister said that clean air, safe drinking water, healthy food, and safe shelter are the key components of health.
“I cannot help but express my sorrow to see the reluctance of the Congress leaders to stand up, even when they have seen the acts of violence by Mukul Sangma,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Martin M Danggo said that his joining the BJP is because of the supporters who have worked for him in the past years.
“Without you, our fellow citizens living in the border areas, we would have been deprived of all our land in Bangladesh and Assam,” he said.
The town of Kuldhara, located in the Thar desert of Rajasthan, has a different story and that is that an 82-year-old man, who works as a gatekeeper, has been found again. his first love, whom he met 50 years ago.
The smugglers fled in the darkness of the night.
We must remember that our country India is still in the second phase of the spread of the disease and every citizen should take their part in ensuring that our country it will not reach phase 3 or 4 of the spread.
The Organizing Committee of KSU Mawlai Circle on Tuesday conducted a raid on the mynder who came to work in different parts of Mawlai.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, DSO Khroobok Passah said that all the expenses for the participation in Bangalore will be borne by the DSO office. H.Shylla Assistant Teacher conducted the ceremony and enriched the ceremony with songs and dances by the students of the school.
She said that as a group, they have given 10 days to the department to respond to these demands.
The NGT also directed the state government to submit the State Mining Management Plan and Mining Policy at the hearing scheduled for 29th and 30th November in Shillong.
• It will also assist in access to markets for exports according to the ability to improve the welfare of T.20,000 crore people working in the fisheries industry through the Pradhan Mantri Matsya Sampada Yojana (PMMSY). • The Government will launch the PMMSY to integrate, sustain and develop fisheries in rivers and lakes.
October 1950 to divide the Jaintia Hills.
Schools have been allowed to reopen only partially from Class I to Class V in urban areas in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the Education Department of the State Government.
Speaking on the occasion, the Catholic Church leaders and the Sari Kushi Village Leaders said that the reason why they agreed to turn the place into a step market was after the They saw the problems faced by the farmers of this area, which is also an area with many farmers and who produce many kinds of vegetables and fruits.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) today demanded that the Minister of Disaster Management, Kyrmen Shylla, who is also the MLA of the constituency, should not allow the state government to discuss the issue of disaster management. Railway line in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills.
Latiplang is a four-term MDC from Nongthymmai who has won this time as an independent MDC.
Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said, “The construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang, which was inaugurated by the former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Donkupar Roy. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government came to power in 2018 after a long break.
Phase 2 started from 15 April 2020 to 3 May 2020=19 days.
(Tuesday).
“The Minister has informed us that she is waiting for the report from the Ministry of Health and within a day once she receives the report she will give us a copy and the report we want should be clear, " he said.
Shekborlin Shiangbai, District Co-ordinator BDBM of Mawkyrwat Block, while speaking to media, urged the people to keep the river clean while there is still time. It is still very clean compared to the rivers in urban areas like Wah Umkhrah.
In his speech, the Chief Guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, expressing his gratitude to be able to participate in the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the district, said He said that the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has been successful due to the mutual support and cooperation of all the residents. Thanks to the hard work of all those who have achieved the aspiration of the people of the area to get the district which was opened on the 10th November
Castor oil is an oil with antibacterial and anti-inflammatory properties, which can be used for many skin applications especially in the fight against skin infections.
Shillong, Nailur, 20: After a discussion on social media and markets over the land ownership rights of the Kurs and Himas, the Government and the District Council on the other hand, Mawphor has tried to talk to some of the intellectuals and intellectuals who have discussed the issue of land in the state and how there are Revenue Land or government land in Shillong. .
On the same day, the new office bearers of the Seng Samla Dong including 4 Dong were also confirmed.
The increase in petrol prices will come into force from tonight except for local sales tax or VAT.
At this meeting which was held on the 18th October 2023 at Polo Ground, it was seen that the crowd did not move even though it rained heavily during the speech of Bah Ardent.
Speaking as the chief guest, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh expressed her gratitude to see that the hospital has been established at this place to start serving the people and to cure various diseases through the method. He also urged the Association to gather together all the traditional healers to come together especially to revive this traditional medicine.
In fact, it should have urged its supporters to respect the law.
In previous years, parents from Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Siliguri and others used to send their daughters to study at KJP Girls School.
In addition to the Log Book, the Scouts Master and Guides Captain will check each section to see if the children have done well according to the rules of the Scouts-Guides Movement before receiving the award. in the year
“Furthermore, they said that if the people do not vote, the Government will not be able to sit in power at all and therefore it should think carefully about the poor.
“It is the supporters who forced me to contest again from the party which won 10 years as an MLA and five years as an MDC,” said Bah Reming.
The special operation, known as Operation Samudragupta, began in June 2022 and more than 4,000 kilos of heroin have been seized so far.
At the same time, the union would like to thank the VDPs of Mookhep Village for arresting the robber named Monkiru Chyrmang. Ladrymbai Police Station has handed over the suspect to the Ladrymbai Police Station and it is because of the knowledge of the police that the suspect will confess that he is the one who killed Kong Lita Ryngkhlem. They have been informed of the incident to the Khliehriat Women's Police Station for further investigation.
“The needs provided in the towns and cities are the same as those needed by the rural people, and we have to provide them if we want our country to develop,” Modi said. “Out of 100 students, only one or two students take science,” he said and encouraged the students. that they should choose science subject.
She said that after the lifting of the ban on the sale of fish, the department will continue to test the fish imported from abroad every day to ensure that the fish is safe to eat. by the residents.
His sister said that some of those who have been healed from this child still respect him, and she said that some of those who live near the school where he goes do not allow him to sleep. , but after school they used to take him to their house to eat.
The office bearers of the NPP 16-East Shillong Block Committee led by Bah Anthony as President were also confirmed at the ceremony.
He said that during the KSU protest, the prison in Shillong was occupied by the KSU.
“We humans don’t stay the same.
Dr War said that most of the soldiers who came to the state when tested in Guwahati were negative, but when they arrived at the camp they were infected with the disease. The Shipai is in the state.
When the Bramaputra River flows, these rivers of Garo Hills do not have the opportunity to flow with the Bramaputra River.
The college has also appointed him as the IQAC Co-ordinator and through this position he has been awarded NAAC Agreement in 2016 and is now preparing for the second NAAC inspection. 2022 Team of the Year.
Therefore, the Khyrnit Bahynriew recognizes and protects the customs and traditions while the Khyrnit Baphra recognizes and protects the language.
JOWAI: Five prominent political party leaders in Ri Lum Jaintia have won the election to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC). and this is Brightstar Chyrmang at this time.
Shillong, March 11: Shella MLA Balajied Kupar Synrem and former Defense Minister Horju Donkupar Roy Lyngdoh are the four candidates who have applied for tickets from the United Democratic Party (UDP). UDP) to contest the 2023 Assembly Elections.
Conrad alleged that the Congress has made false claims that it will form a government after the Ampati elections. “Clement G Momin, the NPP candidate, is a candidate of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA).
Therefore, when Khasi men died in battle and when there was no husband, Khasi women did not have to look after their children because they were not of their race.
U Bah Pynshngaiñ did not speak clearly to the people at the meeting on the statement of Bah Shylla that Nongkrem should receive T.3 crore tyngka. The amount of MDCs who have just won will not exceed T.1.50 crore.
“If we sell synsar per kilo, the price will be 150 per kilo, but if we make synsar from that synsar, the price will be 400 per kilo. “The income from 150 tyngka per kilo can be converted into 1,200 tyngka and in this way the income of the farmers can be increased,” he said. state.
Another issue is that there are many children who come to the city to study, some stay in hostels, some stay at home and they can walk freely, freely and this is the main reason. , that they cannot do well in examinations and many of them are in the rural areas and they too are busy with farming and therefore, education is just a rule.
Besides Oste Phi Oin and Sunset Valley, other teams will take part in the tournament including Pahamrioh SC, Ri Syon NEFC, Oste Phi Oin FC, Lajong FC, Ehrngiew FC, Beneris FC, Galaxy Junior FC, RMKFC, Blue Bumbar FC, Central Village, Mawryngkneng, Kharsyntiew FC, Galaxy United, Umeit FC, Sten United Dieng Luda FC Sma Ud The Cricket Association for the Blind (CABI) has announced that the Cricket Association for the Blind in India (CABI) has announced that The team is preparing to participate in the upcoming International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) World Games 2023 to be held in Birmingham.
Saleng, who is a former Minister of State, on Tuesday met with the Governor of Meghalaya, KK Paul and sought his explanation on the inaction of the Chief Minister. leave the affairs of the state.
The construction work started on Tuesday by ITC Cementation India Ltd.
The BSF held a Flag Meeting with the Bangladesh Army on Tuesday to seek the cooperation of the two border guards to curb insurgency especially from insurgent groups. .
On the other hand, Robert June Kharjahrin, Chairman of COMSO, expressed his regret and said that this action of Amit Shah shows that he does not care and does not delay in order to ILP is not available in this State.
The VPP, which is a newly formed party, took part in the sixth session with speakers including Bah W.Mawlieh and Bah Bobby Kharshandi who explained the party's position and objectives. The last part was taken by the independent candidate Bah Stainnibel Wanniang who raised the flag alone and announced to the people his intention. He has decided to contest this election and also to set his goals if he is elected.
On the 7th December 2015, a preacher (Bah W.Nongkynrih) visited the Mawthylliang Presbyterian Church.
Without hesitation, she started teaching by watching her husband while he was doing this kind of work as part of providing for the household.
On the other hand, the President of BJYM Meghalaya, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, said that the purpose of the meeting was to express their strong opposition to the increase in corruption and the rule of law by Mukul Sangma. state until he counted the people and his own government officers and ministers.
Dr. Donkupar Lyngdoh was announced as the party's candidate from Mawphlang constituency.
BSNL has not yet received even its 4G spectrum despite its efforts to run its business.
’‘Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet.
Shillong, Nailar 4 : The Raid Laban Sports and Social Cultural Organization (RLSSCO) under the leadership of its President, Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA, South Shillong Constituency, will award the 19th Meritorious Award pass well in 1st Division in SSLC, HSSLC, ICSE, CBSE, ISC, Degree/University/Diploma examination in
We are confident that this program will continue to support school teachers and help them to have the opportunity to use these teaching techniques.
The question and answer that cannot be obtained is how the land of the Khliehshnong which falls under the Hima Sohra was sold to a foreigner.
The group was welcomed by the Headmaster Nangtur Langstang and teachers Rita Margareth Wann, Laiaieit Suiam and Percia Phawa.
When asked, the Minister said, “The NHM has already agreed to run this project.
Superintendent of Police, Bikram D Marak said that the traffic police have tried their best to clear the traffic jam.
Many of the youth are filled with anxiety to think about the job they will do and how it will help them to shape their future. big.
The players themselves not only in football but in other sports, to become teachers are not created but what is needed is for those who are talented to develop and guide them.
“We are just drinking, talking but I can't say anything yet,” said the BJP President. However, according to reports, there were independent MLAs and MLAs from the political parties. politicians who wanted to contest from the BJP in the 2018 elections.
“They came to stay overnight in a house with one group to get money and when they got it, they would go back to another group to get money, and this has happened in the past few days," “Our MDCs are no different from the people who are cheated with money during the elections,” he said.
Expressing her surprise at the decision, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that the Fast Track Court has released the accused from the case even though the report of the doctor has been invalid. tell me about this.
Nongstoin, Lber, 23: The KSU Nongstoin Circle on Tuesday under the leadership of Samla Pynkhraw L. Mawnai, Environment Secretary, Nongstoiñ Circle, on Tuesday. Nongpathar Square which falls under Pyndengrei Village.
DR Michael Buam, husband of Joptimon Dkhar, resident of Mooralong, Jowai, passed away on 13th July 2023 at Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital after a long illness.
Shillong, July 6: Ka Wansuk Syiem, MP Rajya Sabha, from Meghalaya, has strongly opposed the announcement by the Union Government under the leadership of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of 25th November. Christmas will not be like Good Governance Day or a clean Governance Day.
If this can be done in this way, it will relieve many of these obstacles and delays in the working methods, as the Prime Minister said that India is new, it should start from this. role.
India is a non-religious country and respects everyone,” he said.
The document outlined the open initiatives taken by the Modi government and the key role of the government's policies and regulations to build digital resources for the people.
“After receiving the report from the Circle leaders, the party has decided not to nominate a candidate and to support Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, who is the MDC of Sohryngkham Constituency,” he said.
We do this to encourage the students who have done well and passed well in the examinations of Don Bosco University and also to ensure that the students will be able to pursue higher education especially those who those from low income families as well as those students with disabilities.
The JAC Against Umngot Hydro Power Project has expressed its opposition to the state government's plan to dam the Umngot River for the Umngot Hydro Power Project which has started to appear since June this year. .
According to Rangbah Skor Jala, who performed the rituals, he said that there is no restriction on converts or those from other faiths to come and collect the golden water, rice because as the saying goes. , love yourself, respect others.
The Common Minimum Program is the goal that the coalition governments are preparing to achieve in the next five years because the parties in the coalition governments have prepared their own promises but because they They need the support of other parties to prepare the goals of the government or CMP which these parties in government agree to be the goals that the parties and the government will achieve during their term of office. .
In Gujarat, 54 new cases have been reported, bringing the total to
A report was also received from the President and Joint Secretary, the Joint Action Committee on their complaints to the Government and District Council authorities.
Even if you are given permission, you should not give permission for only 129 days, you should not stay here.
There was a strong protest, in which the body carrier was thrown at the vehicle and stones and sticks were thrown at the vehicle, in which the driver was injured and the vehicle was broken.
Lambor Nongsiej scored four goals in the 9th, 24th, 38th and 85th minutes, while Pynbha Marngar scored two goals in the 72nd and 85th minutes. Rapborlang Marwein and Skhembor Hahshah scored one goal each in the 79th minute while Hopefulness Thongni scored the second goal for Thongni FC in the 39th minute and Sylvester Thongni in the 2nd minute. 82.
The teacher was angry and asked, “What right do you have to argue whether I have a license or not?
On the other hand, the man said that he did not touch the children, but regarding the knieh noh of the Wait Tukri, he said that the reason why he knieh ia These knives were used as witnesses and to call the owners of the Sying and Synsar cows which he had planted in the area and especially after the cowboys had burnt down the cows. Your house is in the field.
Fortunately, the Meghalaya High Court is now looking at the case and asking questions from time to time to the government authorities why they cannot build the roads which have been covered with paint once it rains. water.
Who can stop the train even if he sees these thousands of people sitting? Besides those who come day and night.
The Dorbar Shnong Rongmesek has organized this cleanliness drive to achieve the vision of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, which has set the goal of making India a unified country. from the Holy Lands on 2nd March 2019 which is also the year when the country will celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
He said that Assam produces up to 2,69,000 tonnes of sohtrun per annum but half of this has been destroyed due to lack of storage space.
“Weightlifting is a good sport in the State and his presence will lead these children to their goal, and we really hope that they will reach their goal,” he added.
And I accepted.
It is said that the Jews came to India because it is a country where there has never been religious discrimination and discrimination against people of other religions since the beginning of the centuries. earlier.
He said the UDP urges the government to strengthen the Land Transfer Act by removing some of the rules to prohibit foreigners from buying land in the state to protect the land owners. try country.
At the meeting, the speakers explained that the nomination of only one candidate by the two parties, is what they have long wanted to bring about unity among the hill parties.
We are continuing to monitor and find out who these four persons have had a relationship with to find out who led them.
Replying to a question, Hek said the BJP has not had any alliance with any party.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The State Government has prepared measures to market the State's wines made from soh as it believes that it has the potential to promote domestic industry and create opportunities for aikam aijam in the state.
They have mouths but do not speak, eyes have but do not see.
Risid Dkhar scored 9', Damepaia Shylla 21', 34', Leiyoo Phawa 29' and Phourki Chyrmang 70'. Da I ​​Hi Mynsngat scored the first goal through Lamjingkyrmem Muksor 14' and Pynskhem Mukhim 20'.
The writings he wrote referred to and mentioned all truths according to the stages of life.
These bridges are at Dawki, Chela Pala, Mawpun, Amstrong Paliar, Bagli, MS Nongbri, Borsora. Haphibansuk Wankhar in Ratacherra, Badapkupar Marbaniang in Bindihati, Patricia Sympli in Gasuapara, Tangkam M Sangma in Cherragaon and G Henderson Syiemlieh, 7th Mile, led by Mumjulet Passah and Umling, Gavin M Mylliem.
Members of the Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) including MDC Nikman Marak, Speaker Rogerbenny Sangma and Additional General Secretary Bostone Sangma on Tuesday attended the ceremony. The Indigenous People's Front (IPFT) in Tripura (IPFT) has held a dharna at Jantar Mantar in support of the demand for a state.
“It's not like I'm going to lose my ryndang,” said Bah Sokon.
After that, there was a discussion and discussion with some of the elders and women and finally, the distributors of rice from Sohra agreed to distribute and provide good rice which they the people were hungry and ready to eat.
, Bangalore.
Perhaps with the arrival of foreign companies to set up businesses in the state, we should encourage and allow them and there should be a little confidence.
Shillong, Lber 23 : The Congress MLA from Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar, has urged the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to take action against the allegation of “coercion” by the Assam Government. by banning development works in the villages on the border with Meghalaya.
The incident occurred at Shyamagiri Hills when the MLA's vehicle was heading to Kuwakonda from Bacheli, about 450 kilometers from Raipur.
Shillong: Five vehicles including government vehicles, private vehicles and four taxis have been burnt down so far today, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Davies R Marak, on Tuesday said. Snakes.
It may be recalled that Charles D Shira surrendered before the SP of East Khasi Hills on the 4th of this month, along with his weapons, AK-47 and bullets.
The new design for the dome has also been approved recently.
It is also a great opportunity for these migrants to European countries because when they arrive in these countries they get everything from accommodation, medicine, food and drink to education and the locals. but now they are in difficulty to get the benefits they deserve because they are the taxpayers.
Nongpoh, November 20: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) in Ri Bhoi District has expressed its strong opposition to the sudden resignation of the FKJGP. Former FKJGP leaders in Ri Bhoi, without looking for any reason and on this basis, today the former leaders of FKJGP together with the members of 8 Circles and 2 Units, decided to The FKJGP has been established in Ri Bhoi District.
According to the NEIPF, the NGT has not investigated the incident, but has been busy looking after the royalty and issuing orders to increase the number of district administrators in the state. Meghalaya, which has dismissed officers from Magistrates to Police.
The “group of Moses” agreed to come under the Covenant with laws, commandments and to administer a new society and judgment on the basis of equality before God.
from food, drink, culture, language etc. we are miles apart.
Some governments during elections run in the name of religion and ethnicity to gain support.
Our Chairman, Bah Phrang Roy, has been invited to speak at the COP26 Session where he will speak in support of the IFS (Indigenous Food Systems) which is working hard to achieve the sustainability of the Mei. Nature to preserve birds, animals, plants and also to prevent climate change.
Because in the face of a power that is violent and oppressive, there is another power that is compassionate, that is sympathetic, that empowers the people and the poor.
He said that the peace talks will be led by the new vice chairman of the party.
He said he does not believe in the claim that the Khasi language is poor.
The film U Paila will be released from 26th March 2018 at Bijou Cinema.
The Seng has clarified that the improvement or renewal of the Reservation Policy is its election issue and when it wins four MLAs and does not have the opportunity to speak in the Assembly, it has the right to come to the people who have supported it. The Seng in this election.
“We are not in a hurry to release or announce the names of the candidates for the MP or MDC elections next year,” he said.
KL Rahul and Virat Kohli shone for India, leading the team to victory in the opening match of the 2023 World Cup against Australia at MA Chidambaram. Stadium in Chennai.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The strike by Bah Ardent, which started on Tuesday, has lasted for more than 100 hours.
At the same time, he also blessed the people of Mawkyrwat Constituency to continue to improve in their jobs in all aspects and hoped that through the receipt of tin sop iing it would be a reality. It will be a blessing especially to those poor families who are suffering and will also be a blessing to protect them from the rain.
It was banned from opening messages entitled Martinelli or the video entitled 'Dance of the Pope' and texts entitled WhatsApp gold were also banned.
Female birds are selected to fly into space and they must weigh less than 6 kilos and their head must enter the tail of the rocket. .
From BK Bajoria to Laitumkhrah, you have to pass through Jacob's Ladder Road to Don Bosco.
The Chief Minister briefed the Minister on the progress of water supply schemes in Tura, Nongstoin and Shillong, the construction of the new dorbar hall, the improvement of health facilities and The construction of residential schools and the state government have requested T.200 crore for various projects to be implemented in the state.
The title of this book is very attractive to the readers.
In the poem, The Ballad of Semer Waters by William Watson, he tells the story of a beggar who used to stand every day in front of the king's palace and protest against the life of selfishness, selfishness and selfishness. public money, which condemns the injustice and injustice of the Syiem to the people and to the households.
If those doctors who have gone for training do not return to serve the government, they will have to pay the entire salary along with a bond of T.1 crore.
It is also said that they produce a jri from it.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government should succeed in reducing the fiscal deficit to less than 3 percent in the last three years.
After the Aitnar sacrifice, all the Kmairaij met at Mynkoi Pyrdi (Iongpiah) with a bomb, a tangmuri and left with a happy heart to go to the forest to cut down the trees.
However, to achieve that goal, talented badminton players need to receive proper training from an early age.
He used to enjoy the music that he received from his father.
Within 10 years, Asgardia is expected to have a population of 150 million and after that, a new country will be created, which will be like Noah's ark, but it will be to fall straight into the sky.
(Read Official Notification)Visitapply to Apply Online Application from.
As a message to the people on the border, the leaders of these two organizations from East Jaintia Hills District, said that they are with the people at any time when they need and urge He urged the Government to immediately resolve the issues on the border and bring peace and stability in the border villages.
He said he started acting in 2012 with Bah Pradip Kurbah and the film is titled Khyndai Shiteng.
, but the application of the law at such times will not bring benefits because only by cooperation and following the rules of prevention can we break the chain of spread of the disease,” said Kong Lyngdoh. and in various parts of Jowai.
“These village leaders have deceived the Dolloi by replying that the Dorbar has already been held,” said the residents of the village.
He also said, "We are the children of Israel.
Immediately after, on the 21st of June, Pastor Phawa said that the Assembly had sought a reply from the Managing Committee of Robert Hospital on this matter. Send the reply at the right time, we received the reply yesterday,” said Pastor Phawa.
Regarding this news, it was seen that this is not only in West Jaintia Hills, but according to information received from other residents regarding the absence of teachers who are employed in government schools, it is understood that happens in other places too and there is such a stinginess of some teachers who do not take up their responsibilities.
The owners of the houses and Angela demanded that the incident should be clarified and who gave the order to do so.
While the soskular signed in the Annexed Agreement of the Instrument of Accession cannot be implemented, we request the Prime Minister to consider the following issues regarding the 125th Amendment. of the Constitution of the Republic of India proposed in 2019.
“The BJP claims to bring about change in six years, but what it has seen is only a change of names,” Stalin said.
Therefore, the union, after this public information, has warned against these buyers, and threatened to take strong action, if these buyers, do not listen and continue to harass the farmers. Ginger.
Kong S Jana, said that the attendance of the students is also with the consent of the parents, but the school has been preparing according to the directives of the government, but the students they rarely come to school.
They said that the government's law also deprives the rights of the person because if he does not participate in the village affairs he will no longer have responsibility.
In the first match of the tournament, Kick Start ended the season with a glorious victory over Mawkriah West SC. The six goals were scored by Eliva Kurkalang (5'), Shimtilang Thongni (19'), Banteilang Makri (26'), Daia Mawkhroh (47', 49') and Aidaris Kharmalki (60').
In the semifinal, Khliehmawlieh Youth Club beat Mawlai SC 3-1 to reach the final.
Currently, he intends to contest the South Shillong elections in
The program was organized by the Meghalaya Handloom and Handicraft Development Corporation Limited in collaboration with the office of the Block Development Officer. Jirang and this special program which they have named 'Awareness Program on Handloom and Handicraft Activities'
A Wuhan resident, who identified himself as Zhang, said: “This figure cannot be true, because the cemeteries are busy day and night and therefore it is impossible for them to have only a few people died".
“I request your office to direct the Ministry to prepare a DPR and to prioritize this project in line with the implementation from the National Highway Fund, as it will connect the roads and the two states and also the border for trade,” said Bah Pala.
While walking around the city, the reporter found that although most of the offices are locked, there are other offices which are locked from outside while inside they are working as usual.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 24: The use of force by the Assam police in the Malangkona area since the two governments signed the social border agreement has started last month and continued until Solen Sangma, 60, and Rambel Marak, 30, son of Huhuapara, were arrested on Tuesday, 23rd of this month. , while they were bringing the cows they had bought from Dhupdhara for the purpose of cultivating rice.
The report said that there were 503 persons with disabilities registered in the Physically Handicapped Cell in 2013 and 387 persons in
The HYC also demanded the establishment of Fast Track Courts to expedite the disposal of NDPS cases and the implementation of the PIT-NDPS Act.
This may be the best method of making herbs for those people who do not want to suffer or live too long without taking medicines in their lives.
Golden Mukhim scored the first goal of the match in the 27th minute.
Mawkhar SC, the first team to appear in the Shillong Premier League, played well from the start and scored the first goal through Bansanbha Khongsdam in the 26th minute.
“Many of the patients do not benefit from these schemes,” said Bah Kurkalang.
Your Faith.
At that time, the rich man released his wallet to clean up the garbage and went into a shop to buy a new clothes because the old one was dirty.
In a statement, VPP Spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh said that the rally will feature a speech of thanks to the people of the state who have supported the party. On this occasion, there will also be a tribute to the composer and singer of the song “Kongdeng Kongnah ha U Prah”.
In the men's Sub-Junior Compound Division (50 metres), Raj Chattar from Jharkhand won the silver medal, Abhi Khatri from Delhi won the bronze medal and Elangbam Lamnganba Singh won the bronze medal. and Manipur.
This scheme is fully funded by the Government of India through budgetary support.
Conrad said that in the last eight months the NPP has not stopped to implement development works across the state despite many challenges.
The two of them raced together in a competition to reach Sylhet first.
In the forests, besides the Siej, the Skhen, the Rathem, the Shloo, the Tyr-a, the Rasi, the Range, many species of trees such as the Crete, the Raphyllut, the Myrsiang ( a scented tree), blueberry, Jap tree, Lar-I tree, bti tree, Sohjanai tree, Shyrngan tree, Rtiang tree, Stain tree, Sohthylliang tree, Shyrpiah tree, Scented tree, Phyrning tree, Scented tree Lakhar, Dingsning, Skap, Makalein, Laphiang, Latyrngai, Moo, Tyrpeinkhla, Muklai, Shakloo, Sapdem, Satat, Suit tree, Kain tree, Sawala tree, Pliah tree, Saliang tree, Tluh tree, Jrisim tree (Jripnah) Kya tree, Jri tree, Shandon tree, Samlein tree, Lamajhia tree (Glassing tree), Soh-ait Ladkhurah tree, Sapiang tree Taintli tree, Iatalong tree, Sajar tree and many other trees.
The Deputy Commissioner has directed that those villages and townships which have already drawn or constructed can apply for assistance to maintain the drawings or constructions up to 10% of the cost of the scheme. to implement.
“Why has the rice become poorer and the poor become poorer?” Questions were also raised on the security of the country in view of China's continued border crossings on the Indian border.
On the other hand, the BDO said that in Satpator, 10 houses have been severely damaged and in Tarangblang, 5 houses have been severely damaged.
The new office bearers and members of the UDP Youths Wing Ranikor Circle elected today will be confirmed in the coming months.
The Behdeinkhlam festival started on Thursday and the purpose is to ward off the Khlam and all the evils that come upon mankind whether in the form of various evils or the destruction of nature.
There are currently only 7,900 bank loans in Meghalaya and this figure should be a big challenge for the State Government or the Government of India, because This shows that this money does not attract any attention to those who have suffered in the past many months, due to the tragic impact of the Corona virus.
The General Secretary of the party said that how many nights will the family members of this Rangbah lose sleep, how many years will they remember the attack on their family.
About 20 children from the Seng Riti Cultural Organization from Wahkhen including teachers will receive salaries according to the government allocation, and the Pahambir Cultural Club has been allocated to support musical instruments for three groups. and some traditional costumes required at the traditional customs festival.
Elders like Ma Jiren Swer and Muni Swer even in their old age are still able to walk and lead the group.
“On this occasion, Conrad Sangma said that while the written statement on the speech of the Governor has been distributed to all the members of the Legislative Assembly, there is no reason to stop the Governor from speaking. the language you are more comfortable speaking.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Philip Warji as the Chief Guest and Samla Spainder Sing Lyngkhoi, Office Secretary and Incharge of KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit.
Furthermore, the farmers in the rural areas are not in the dark about the social distancing and other measures announced by the State and Central Governments from time to time to fight against the coronavirus.
The MLA threatened that if the NGT does not listen to the request to stop the decision, we will not hesitate to fight by law and to block the roads.
Ganesh Sutnga had attempted to commit the crime on the night of October 15, 2014 and after lodging a complaint with the police, the police have charged him under the POCSO Act.
On the other hand, the Wahehshnong promised to be with the VO at all times as he has been with the SHG members since the beginning of the day. in the works of their works.
The union has spoken to the contractor who built the road, Bah Paia Suchiang, to do according to the stone and the contractor has promised to carry a good stone.
She said that if many people say that the Congress will not come to power, there is no other way for the people to vote other than the Congress and she admitted that other parties do not have enough leaders.
In fact, the First Division this season was scheduled to start on 19th October 2022, but due to the construction of some parts of the MFA Stadium, Third Ground, the tournament has been postponed. The Association has had to rearrange the dates of the matches.
He said that as the area is in short supply of water, the MLA is preparing to have a water treatment plant worth Rs 14 crore at Jhalupara, Rs 15 crore for the improvement of Shillong Cantonment School, crore for the improvement of the Cantonment Ground under Khelo India Khelo.
Agriculture is the most important occupation in human life and is the sector of employment, which provides the largest number of jobs to all the people in Meghalaya and even in India as a whole. .
The JMB today cleaned up the garbage in front of the DC Office, Iawmusiang and Thomas Jones Synod College Road. On Thursday, 64 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed in the state, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
The pharmacy, known as AS Drugs Store, is owned by Muneshwar Singh, who left the shop at 8:30 pm on Saturday night. , but when today, when his employees went to open the store, they found plastic bottles filled with gasoline and clothing soaked in gasoline, suspicious items The robbers tried to set fire to the pharmacy.
They said that they have seen and found that many of those who drink together have become arrogant or thieves due to lack of money to buy drugs.
The meeting was also attended by BJP State Secretary Marian Maring, State Secretary Paralad Toor, State Vice President, Nongpoh. Mandal President, Wanrika Lyngdoh and other BJP leaders from Nongpoh Constituency.
Shillong Police have arrested another man in connection with the murder of a nurse working in Nazareth on 29th June
Shillong, Nailar 26 : The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) today alleged that the MDA government has changed the names of all the schemes introduced by the government. MUA under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today demanded that the State Government should blacklist the company which is implementing the Legislative Assembly. The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly was elected at Mawdiangdiang due to the collapse of the building.
The rescue of 200 coal workers trapped in the north of Turkey continues today, following a coal mine explosion in western Turkey, which has killed 205 people. coal miners were killed in the disaster, the worst in Turkish history.
At the same time, he urged the people not to elect their leaders out of selfishness but to think carefully.
“The relationship between the states and the central government in the country should come first,” he said.
It is something very important for the world itself to be reminded of how fallen and sinful we human beings are; but how great is the love of God, that in this world in which we live many people want to be gods themselves but God chose to become man on this earth to surrender to God. of life to redeem us from slavery to sin and death.
On the other hand, the jhur vendors said that the lowest price in the market is sohkhia which weighs 40 per kilo but now costs only 20 tyngka and sohmynken which used to weigh 180 per kilo now costs 120 per kilo.
The Seng will demand to streamline the management of schools without reducing many grades or different salaries for example: Adhoc Schools and 4th Teachers.
Sutnga-Saipung MLA, Santa Mary Shylla, JHADC MDC, Phasmoon Dkhar, President Dr. PM Passah, President of the Society for the Study of Law (SFCL) were also present at the ceremony. , R. Lamar, Secretary SFSL JB Laloo and others.
He said this makes an announcement that goes against the Constitution of the country and against the Employment Policy of Meghalaya.
In the first innings, Ri Bhoi Police, who won the toss, chose to bat first and in 20 overs, they managed to tied for 156 runs.
“Despite repeated complaints and notices to the relevant authorities, the residents of the Municipal area in Goralane, Laitumkhrah continue to build illegal houses. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Pohshna in a statement.
“This has been going on in the state since 1979 until today,” he said.
“From 2 pm today, there will be no power outages,” said James K Sangma, Minister of Power, on Twitter and Facebook in the afternoon.
Police of Rynjah Police Station have received a complaint on 24.5.2015 that a 14 year old girl has been raped by Ferdinus Marbaniang.
It is worth mentioning that according to the complaint sent by the Ministers against the District Council of Mylliem Hima, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the Syiem Khynnah and the Executive Dorbar of the Hima have alleged that the Syiem has removed the The Mylliem Hima has received more than T.2 crore without being accounted for and without being included in the cash book of the Hima.
M/s M Syiemlieh of Mawlai Phudmuri, Shillong, M/s F Syiemlieh of Range View, Riatsamthiah, Shillong, M/s M/s Banker Enterprise of Range View, Riatsamthiah, Shillong of Mawlai Phudmuri and M/s JS Enterprise of Pohkseh East, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : The Achik Conscious Integrated Crime (ACHIK) on Thursday vowed to appeal to the Supreme Court against the President of the Voice of the People (VPP) and MLA of Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit. Garo people have lost their rights under the Job Reservation Policy even by 0.01%.
“The old NIFT Capus, which was formerly used as the Malaria Office, belongs to the DHS (MI). .
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on Thursday informed that the State Government will soon hold a Public Hearing to set up a new garbage dump in Shillong.
Shillong: Punjab and Jharkhand won their Hero Junior National Football Championship (BC Roy Trophy) at the JN Stadium in Shillong today.
Therefore, the NHWU appeals to all the citizens of the state to fight with wisdom and understanding and not with fear.
The death toll from Covid-19 has risen to
Shillong, November 18: The Meghalaya Institute of Mental Health and Neurological Science (MIMHANS) at Lawmali, which is a hospital for the mentally disabled, has refused to treat a woman who was brought to the hospital. The reason why she was rejected was because there was no doctor in the hospital.
The North Eastern Hill University Teachers' Association (NEHUTA) will hold a dharna in front of the office of the Vice-Chancellor (VC) of North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) on Friday to protest against the the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP-2020) and other violations of the VC's rules in the past two years.
The incident happened on the 23rd of this month at Mawbah where the house of the late Bah Horendro Langstieh, which was occupied by foreigners of Bihari and Bengali ethnicity, collapsed. and the people that were in the house were afraid to fall.
Even in India as a whole, we have witnessed religious differences and it has become clear that the Hindus, who are the majority, do not like at all not only the Muslims but also the Christians. .
Do you want to play chess or chess? It is up to the MDCs whether they want to advocate or oppose because the goal is only for the political world or the nation!!.
It shall not remain only in the struggle of the righteous, but it shall not remain in the sight of others, for it shall remain evil.
The incident took place in Kangpokpi district, a day after the riots in the state, on the 3rd of this month. January 2023; However, the incident was kept secret until a video was released on Tuesday, which was also the day the internet was lifted. to the people of India as a whole.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today approved the budget for the year 2020-2021 of T.243.72 crore without any discussion on the part of the authorities. departments within the District Council.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 71 cases and in Caroline Colony Cluster 9, High Risk Contact 13, Lad Mukhla Cluster 4, Mihmyntdu Cluster 3, Mookyndur Cluster 4, Mukhap Cluster 4, Police 15 and Wahiajer Cluster
If we have God in ourselves and among us, there will be peace.
In this regard, the NLAYF Central Body has strongly condemned the robbers who dared to take the life of this man. NLAYF Central Body President Bendrowell Hashah said that the NLAYF Central Body has strongly condemned the robbers. Send your condolences to the family members of the deceased.
“This decision will be one of the ways to resolve this issue,” he said.
Explaining this, the MR said that the Reservation Policy is based on Article 164 of the Constitution.
He said that when these robbers tried to steal the signboard, some of the residents of the village heard about it, but they did not dare to steal it. It was at night, and no one recognized these robbers.
The suspect, Bartan Marak, 37, resident of Garogaon, Rawta, Udalguri Sub-Division, Assam, broke into the house of a woman. Moureen Kharnaior, MIDC, Umiam, dressed in military uniform, threw a pistol at her and threatened to shoot her. They arrested him and beat him until he stopped and sustained serious injuries. He was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment. treatment.
Three families in Lamin village, Amlarem Sub-Division, West Jaintia Hills have eaten wild tit on Friday. Two people have died on Friday. and Thursday and today again.
In one of these waves, the corona virus will affect those who are proud, those who are racist and those who want to fight against the Khasi.
However, unfortunately, no action has been taken by the district authorities or the government.
Shillong: U Titos W Chyne, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that in a meeting with the Union Minister in charge of Panchayati Raj, Kapil Moheshwar Patil said that the Minister has been very pleased with the fact that the state does not have a District Council.
“When we are ready to preach abroad, in our own country, we must be ready to fight against corruption,” said the VPP leader. The NPP, UDP, PDF, BJP and HSPDP have allocated more than Rs 800 crore for the fight against COVID-19 in 2020 and
Prestone promised that on his part as a former student and private individual, he will seek the donation of his fellow students during those times when they have graduated from this school. to deliver a donation of 10 lakh tyngka.
The team under the leadership of Xabi Alonso as manager has already won the title but made history again on Saturday after beating Augsburg. 2-1 goals to finish the tournament unbeaten.
“Don't vote with your heart, vote with your knowledge,” said Samlin.
This method of election of Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sordars and Matabars in the Bri u Hynniewtrep is not the custom of the Khasi custom.
Shillong, July 03: The Archbishop of the Diocese of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday sent a message to the Priests, Religious and the people of the Diocese of Shillong. Pope Benedict XVI passed away on November 31,
Police are conducting investigation into the cause of the death of the Tahbildar.
Shillong, November 12 : The Meghalaya U-19 Women's Cricket Team lost by 141 runs to Baroda Women's Cricket Team in the first leg of the tournament. U-19 Women’s One Day Trophy.
The main objective is to focus on entrepreneurship, tourism, agriculture, digital sectors in urban and rural areas of the state.
Why does this happen? It is because we don't have the right to vote for our people from Rympei Ieng, Kur, Village, Raid and Hima.
Police have also recovered a pistol from him. Police have registered a case against him and the investigation is ongoing.
The damage caused by the incident is said to be in the tens of lakhs of rupees.
The magistrates together with the police and employees of the Shillong Municipal Board, went to the area and banned the vendors from selling their goods. and he went out from thence, and came into his own house.
TMC MLA and former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday urged the State Government to hand over an inquiry into the allegation of illegal smuggling of supari from Bangladesh. the Federal Government Investigation Team.
He said that with this improvement in the supply of electricity through the day, the beneficiaries will have to pay only 10% of the price of the appliances at the time of receipt of this scheme.
Although these children are still children because of their young age, he said that they will have to take the rules of adults because their actions have exceeded the law and therefore they will have to be punished. punish them according to the rules of law.
Whether you live in any part of the Khasi Hills or outside the Khasi Hills, if you belong to the same clan, you understand that you come from the same clan and cannot marry between the same clan (exagamous). ). Nongpoh, other kurs are also aware of this difference whether one is from Mawkyrwat and the other from Khliehriat or even if they are far away from each other, they are shikurs without doubt.
When she had no choice, Sangma reached out to other groups on social media and finally, a WhatsApp group from Tura responded.
To prove this, the Word of God says – “And one of the elders asked me, saying unto me, These that are clothed with robes, or what are they? And where do they come from? And I said unto him, Lord, thou knowest.
No communalism at the cost of quality administration.
According to Bah Paul, there are also types of buildings which do not require permission to build houses such as trep houses and tap shiliang houses.
As the violence escalated, the Prime Minister personally visited his security personnel who were injured in the stone throwing.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Mawhati Block Congress Committee (BBC) on Tuesday held a meeting with all its members from all 54 branches.
The magnesium content of this fruit can reduce blood pressure.
The Sordar of Nongjrong Village, Bah Pynshaiborlang Synjri, said that he has been the Sordar of Nongjrong Village for 10 years. Nongjrong Village is one of the oldest villages in Khasi Hills. 85 percent of the residents of this village are farmers where the cultivation of rice and sohñiamtra is the main cultivation.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, on Tuesday said that the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) will get more than 50% of the vote. share' in the Lok Sabha MP elections in 2024 because the political parties in this group are working hard.
There are 272 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 19 in West Khasi Hills, 10 in West Jaintia Hills, 13 in Ri Bhoi, 18 in West Garo Hills, 3 in East Jaintia Hills and
Shillong: The Election Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shillong East Circle for the term 2018-2021 will hold an election.
Blood donation is one of the parts of cleansing the body.
Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi, Arpit Upadhyay, recalled how India gained independence from the British and how Meghalaya gained full statehood in After the separation from Assam, it is because of the selflessness of our ancestors who fought hard to get a full state which is the dream of the people of Meghalaya.
The report of the escape of prisoners from Shillong District Jail happened in 2009 when Fullmoon Dhar was shot dead.
Besides, the CEM said that the Enforcement Wing is short of staff as there are only 70 staff to look after the four districts within the Council's boundary.
" Panah said, 'That's it!' When she heard Panah's story, she was shocked and didn't understand who to blame.
He said that the writings in the new Bible are easier and easier to understand especially for the young children because they are explained in detail unlike the old Bible which had short writings.
I found that the Bible speaks not only of salvation and heaven, but also of government, economy, family, science, music, media, reading, trading and so on.
The fourth husband refers to those in our family whom we love.
And Ahab did more to provoke the LORD God of Israel to anger than all the kings of Israel that were before him.1 Kings 16:29-3
In the final match of the pre quarter between Sunriser and Gladiato, the match was very interesting and well played.
Doctors will also check the movement of the animals, the appearance of swelling from the eyes and head and the body temperature. After the animals are healthy, they will be allowed to slaughter them inside. this bag.
In just two months, they have raised Rs 2 lakh.
On the other hand, he said the GEC has decided to hold the party elections on the 6th of June this year.
The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EPA) on Thursday announced that it will revoke the trading licenses of foreign taxi drivers.
“The IIPH, Shillong Campus, should have its own office building now as the MoU has been signed between the State Government and PHFI since
“Besides the MP scheme, you should understand that the duty of the MP is also to look after many schemes of the Central Government.
The team will be led by coach Bobby Nongbet, assistant coach Aibok Kharpran, team manager Milan Nongkhlaw and physio Vicky N Syiem.
Shining Adventist Secondary School won the March Pass in the senior category while Thynroit Government LP School won the junior category.
Other organizations which attended the meeting convened by the DC Ri Bhoi, included HANM, RBSU, GSU, HYC and CoRP. end of this meeting.
The price at Jowai and Thadlaskeiñ depots will be Rs.62.00 per litre, while the price at Shangpung outlet will be Rs.68.00 per litre.
This step also ensured that the tree would not damage the electricity post or disrupt the electricity distribution, and it took about two hours for them to complete this work.
In this regard, the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh has sent a notice to all the faithful of the Catholic Church in the Diocese of Shillong to clarify that the Fiduciary Supplicants without changing the original law of the Sacrament of Confirmation in the Catholic Church and the prayer of the Priest does not mean that he approves or encourages their practice (homosexuals).
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Dancers Association (ADA) is proud and happy for the Great Mercy Langte, who has competed twice in the beauty pageant and has brought fame and glory to the state. Meghalaya.
These village leaders also went to the District Commissioner's office to seek clarification but the DC said that if the BDO does not accept, it will be difficult to provide foodgrains.
In the same way, the foreigners should think of their brothers and sisters living in India, even if they have different customs and traditions.
Nongpoh: As part of the efforts to preserve the culture and traditions of the people of Nongpoh, the Raid Iap ngar, yesterday, held a Raid Iap ngar. It held a fishing festival in the Umtung River.
Tharai, if I don't have time, I'll finish it tomorrow.
The BJP has issued a statement from President Ernest Mawrie, Vice President Bernard R Marak and AL Hek, Senior BJP Leader. The MDA government has been in power for a long time but until the end of the five-year term, it has not succeeded at all.
It is learned that about 10 hours after the incident, police arrived at the village and suspected that the incident was caused by unknown robbers.
In the past years he has tried to help, how to find ways and means to create jobs for many people and if the people entrust him with the post of MDC he will be able to do better in the field. raise up the young man.
These include EGH: 23, EJH: 06, EKH: 140, NGH: 31, RBD: 30, SGH: 09, SWGH: 06, SWKH: 17, WGH: 86, WJH: 97 and WKH:
He said that the residents of this area are now very happy because they have been able to vote at this place, and this is also through the initiative of this MLA. The meeting was chaired by the Rangbah Dong, Bah Kynsai Nongphud. Speeches were also delivered by the leaders of the SHGs who expressed their concerns in their activities.
The Tyrkhum tree is the most precious tree according to my research and the state has now held the Cheery Blossom Festival four times during the flowering season.
The union also said that the Moolasngi to Lelad road is the main road for the residents of the area as it is the only road that connects them in agriculture, trade and education. read and others.
On the 11th of this month at 7 pm, a man carrying a knife, threw stones at the house of Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh in Laitumkhrah.
The tournament was organized by the MFA in collaboration with the state sports department.
Let’s dive a little deeper into the resurrection of people.
Exactly 10 years have passed since Dr. Donkupar Roy passed away at Medanta Hospital Gurgaon (Delhi) on 28.07.2019, at the beginning of the Coronavirus outbreak in China. long this year.
Khasi tyngshop Michael Pyngrope, Kendrasing Kurkalang and Phinolin Mawkhiew have taken part in the song.
On June 27, 2020, a woman, four men and a teenager died by suicide in Portland, Southern California, Houston and New York City. .
The Union also urged the Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills to refrain from political involvement but to be wise leaders in the governance of the villages.
Dr J Nongtdu, Program Manager, MCSWA, R Biam were the speakers on various issues related to the OST Centre. bring drugs from home to society.
Last night, lymbuid people entered the House of Commons while the Brexit debate was going on and these half-lymbuid people entered the House of Commons. dwelling of the people.
He said the allegation that he was involved in the Bhima Koregaon riots and that he was a rebel living in the city and that he was planning to assassinate the prime minister was a mistake. you don't lie pyllin pylin.
Caredalin Kharbhih, Guide Captain conducted the meeting.
Shillong: Although the mid-term elections for the Ranikor constituency have not yet been announced, the two parties, the UDP and the NPP, which have joined the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, have announced. start shooting well now.
xxviii.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Congress MLA from Umsning, Dr.C Lyngdoh on Friday demanded an inquiry into the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme. water to the houses of the people in the countryside.
However, after the cutting down of the trees, the work of the road has been suspended due to the suspension of the company.
The Umsning MLA also informed the House that the officers in charge of the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division have been on duty only twice a month.
Kharpuri is the MDC of Nongshken from Pynursla Constituency where Bah Tynsong is an MLA. said Kong Kharpuri while talking to reporters today.
Shillong, November 10: A Khasi man was shot dead by GNLA suspects at Nongrathaw, Shahlang Police Station in West Khasi Hills while another was seriously injured.
In this school, the children were taught the Khasi culture, and not only to read, but also to spell and understand the book, “The Old Testament on the Khasi Culture” by Babu Radhon Singh Berry.
Shillong, July 31: The Jaintia Truck Owners Association ( Jaintia Truck Owners Association ) on Tuesday said that it strongly opposes the authorization of the Director of Mineral Resources to allow 12 tire trucks to carry up to 19 tonnes of coal. They have sent a letter to the Director of Mineral Resources to immediately suspend their release.
We know that the Meghalaya government does not have the money to spend for all these things.
While they were in one place, they heard a loud noise and they thought that some others had come to hunt animals in the forest and were shooting at them.
These market dwellers expressed their difficulties since the State Government imposed the curfew so that even to buy food and drink and to buy houses they have suffered a lot.
He said that all 46 blocks of the state will get their new offices and Rs 2 crore 50 lakh has been allocated for the construction of new offices for 6 blocks.
Shillong, July 21 : The Government will meet for the last time with the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) in the first month of June 2024 to take a final decision on the preparations for the evacuation of 342 households from the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC). Metor Theater in Mawlong Market.
Dr Mukul said that during his inspection to Negra in East Garo Hills, it was found that according to the MDA government's auction of coal, it was 34,000 MT. Dr Mukul said that if there is still 32 lakh MT of coal in Depo Negra, the government should auction it. What the government has done is that it has been running in such a way to avoid paying the coal tax to the state.
Shillong: Meghalaya girls have had to return home from the Hero Sub-Junior Girls National Football Championship after losing 2-1 to Gujarat girls in the first leg of the Hero Sub-Junior Girls National Football Championship on Saturday. Cuttack.
Clubs can register no more than 25 players and late registrations will not be accepted.
Speaking to reporters, some of the residents said that sometimes there are vehicles that pass by, but they have to prepare in advance their nar lyngka, mohkhiew to quarry stone and dig soil, in order to fill the They are only used to transport food items and other items to the places where they intend to store and deliver food items.
“This is something that as a state cannot accept,” said Revd. Lyngdoh.
Shillong, July 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle on Tuesday handed over a letter of request to the District Election Officer (DEO) of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah. Commissioner (DC) of the District to write to the Election Department of the State Government not to allow children to be used in elections.
From school fees to the salaries of teachers, the price is paid according to their wishes.
In the newspaper of 31 Jan 2023, it was written that Rs 43 (43) crore has been allocated by the state government from the central government's covid fund.
Milk is also rich in protein, an important nutrient for weight loss.
Only corona, other diseases such as diabetes, cancer, AIDS, etc.
St. Anthony's Higer Secondary School won the title after winning 33 medals including 15 Gold, 9 Silver and Bronze.
A crowd of at least 900 people gathered on the ground at the venue.
The Government, District Councils and Village Authorities should think carefully on this issue but otherwise destruction will await this nation which calls itself a nation that knows man and knows God.
Therefore, the FKJGP together with the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle send their condolences to all the family members of the victims. May God be with them at all times.
At that time, the towns and villages, especially Shillong, were destroyed.
She said that in the year 2021-2022, the State Government has paid T.16.32 crore for the 2000 ASHA incentive, followed by T.53 crore for the backlog payment. and the incentive from the Central Government through the NHM is T.21.91 crore.
This comes after the Minister promised that during this term of office he will upgrade the Health Sub-Centre to the status of Public Health Centre, as this is the long-standing dream of the people. Sohryngkham village has become a densely populated village and the Health Sub-Centre alone cannot meet the needs of the people.
“Kpa Wanbok, my advice to you in order to protect yourself from evil is to walk carefully and take care of yourself...” said Lok. “Of course, Kpa Wanbok, don't be afraid to walk or stand because we don't know, the enemies know how to spy on you.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today issued an order to hold the mid-term elections in three constituencies of the state on March 30, to 2nd November, 2021.
Iba said that her venture is also to provide employment to the local people and at the same time to preserve the traditional culture.
“The establishment of the Committees is to strengthen the working methods of the Party in the preparation for the elections where all the office bearers of the CEC will have their respective portfolios as assigned to them,” he said. said Mr. Gavin.
The party urges that if they want to do so much, they can do it alone without inviting the public.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The Union Minister in charge of the Jal Shakti Scheme, Gajendra Singh Shekhawat, has praised Meghalaya as a leader in the use of Jal Shakti Scheme. the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) Scheme.
French satellites have also found 122 items, while in Australia the Australian Maritime Safety Authority is searching for the plane and has used 11 search vessels and five ships.
Jowai, Naitung 04: U MLA of 2-Jowai Constituency, Wailadmiki Shylla today honored the students who passed the MBOSE-2023 examination and specially those students who have been trained in the MBOSE-2 SSLC Free Coaching Program 2022 has been launched with the support of the MLA.
Out of the 15 sports to be hosted by Nagaland, Meghalaya will not participate only in kick volleyball.
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Health Minister Shaukat Yusufzai said 70 people were killed in the incident, including women and children while 120 were injured.
So far, there are eight cases of the disease and undergoing treatment, he said.
He also pointed out that 8 percent of India's population is indigenous, which is about 10-11 crore, which means that India has the largest number of indigenous people in the world. whole.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The residents of Shillong have to travel around the city to withdraw money from ATMs even at midnight.
The Executive Committee which met in Shillong on 20th November 2020 to discuss this issue and at this meeting Bah Skingford Nongbri sent a letter of resignation from the ticket application for the The Executive Committee has accepted the resignation of the MDC from the 26-Langrin MDC Constituency.
SCA (B) lost seven wickets for the loss of 15 runs by Raj hitting and 10 runs by Chettri. The Player-of-the-Match award was also won by the team.
I commend the courage of the female MLA, Ampreen Lyngdoh for her willingness to bring the issue of IOA in the Assembly, but the MDA government has refused to discuss it because it is the voice of the opposition.
At the same time, the chairman of the MPSCB said that the Inspection Committee will conduct an inspection of the river soon.
Heavy rainfall is expected in parts of Shillong and surrounding areas.
Jowai: The Joseph Nardini Seminary, Jowai Diocese, will be inaugurated and blessed for boys trying to become priests. Vincent H Pala MP will inaugurate the Seminary Students' Home on the 3rd November 2019 and will be blessed by the Holy Spirit. Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh DD, Bishop of the Diocese of Jowai.
He said that when the BJP-led NDA government in Delhi announced to celebrate Good Governance Day on Christmas and Digital India on Good Friday, the ethnic parties did not agree. word too.
Longda Bamon, Vocational Director Rtn.
In the West Bengal elections, the BJP has worked hard to defeat Mamata Banerjee, with Prime Minister Narendra Modi himself campaigning in many elections and holding rallies. large meetings and not only that, but BJP leaders, ministers of the Government of India, have flocked to West Bengal; However, in the result, on 2nd June 2021, the TMC won 213 MLAs, while the BJP won 77 MLAs. world, when you intend to join the Congress party; However, so far, he has a goal to bring together India's opposition political leaders, as Kishore and Mamata Banerjee, TMC leader, have a goal to bring together all the groups. opposition in India and to elect the BJP government in the 2024 MP elections.
Blah said that regarding the JHADC bill, the Governor has acknowledged that it is complete without any problems but he has refused to promise the union to give it. He said that they should wait for the day when he will give his approval to these bills.
If you win, celebrate and if you lose, go home quickly and don't cause any trouble.
Father Marcellinus Riawed War is the ninth Khasi-Pnar Father to be ordained a Priest within the MSFS of the Catholic Church.
For the residents of Ribhoi district and Jaintia Hills district who wish to attend various trainings at the institute please contact 9362696876/8 10:00 AM-5:00 PM.Shillong: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District, has rejected the closure of the Cherry Blossom Festival in Bhoirymbong which will end on Friday 19th November
Andy, in the final, defeated Jurij Rodionov 6-3, 6-2 in the final.
For example, in other states, people who send for testing have to pay, but in our state, we don't have to pay at all, and for this too we have to look carefully,” he said. said.
After the failure of his films, reports have said that Ranveer Singh has decided to work hard for Baiju Bawra and wants this film to make him receive praise from the audience.
How are you doing? Is it wrong again? Therefore, you are the Riew Lum Party and the Ri Thor Party.
It may be recalled that the curfew on the Mariani-Mokokchung road has been in force since 15th November
The FKJGP leader demanded that the Meghalaya Police should register a case against these people and investigate them and impose severe punishment.
In a statement, the party said that it strongly condemns the police who have arrested members of the party across the country as perpetrators.
At the time of writing, SDRF police have recovered two bodies from the scene.
Finally, said the VPP, the border government has left the last corner of the coffin by firing tear gas bombs or lyer pynsat in front of the teachers as if they were the perpetrators. village.
Eyewitnesses said that the reason why the truck overturned in the middle of the road was because of the reckless driving of an Auto and a Bolero. They were passing through the service lane, but when they reached the scene, they suddenly entered the NH-6, so when the driver of the truck, avoided with the intention of escaping the incident. accident on these small vehicles, but the vehicle he was driving overturned in the middle of the road.
He said that the exploitation of the dewbilat factories is due to the fact that the government has not done anything to curb them besides providing assistance for electricity and transportation to these companies.
Explaining the term foreigners, Gokhale said the government has humiliated and put the lives and livelihoods of the people of the state in misery.
For the khiew shet, he said, it has been handed over to the Women's Wing, so that they can look after and care for the needs of the village.
Many graduates are unemployed, but many foreigners are employed in the Government, especially in small jobs in all Government departments.
Shillong: U BJP MLA and Minister of State, Bah AL Hek today said that he will talk to the BJP leaders to exempt Meghalaya from the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act. CAA. With the issuance of the CAA by the Government of India, all the areas under the Sixth Schedule and those in force of Inner Line Permit have been exempted.
Ri-Bhoi has received only 3 roads under the PMGSY while Jaintia Hills has received only 3 roads under the Prime Minister Gram Sevak Yojana. (PMGSY) in seven districts of the state.
Article 62 of the Representation of the People Act, 1951 stipulates that everyone through the Electoral Roll of any Constituency shall have the right to elect Leaders to the Legislative Assembly. of the country and the State as a whole.
Shillong: With the continued spread of Covid19 in our villages and communities, the SKJCLF invites all believers to participate in the “Day of Prayer and Fasting for the Healing of God” at on Sunday, May 26, 2020 from 6am to 6pm.
For the rural areas, the BJP leader said the central government has allocated more than T.3 lakh crore for many development projects.
Leaders and members of KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit in the presence of KSU Larnai Unit leaders inspected the school and found that this teacher does not attend school.
In connection with another incident, during a reconnaissance operation, the 158 Battalion recovered a two-wheeler in which after reconnaissance four gold biscuits were found containing It weighs 466.62 gm.
However, the HSPDP candidate Bah Panborlang Ryntathiang said that the people should think carefully before electing the leaders to the district council, because once they elect, they decide. the future of the nation.
There are Khasi living abroad who study in schools that do not have Khasi subject and have to take Hindi as MIL but in Meghalaya, the MBoSE should have only one MIL Paper and one MIL Paper. to Compulsory Subject.
Throughout the day, before the opening of the new office, the party welcomed the elders and women who wanted to join the NPP. , expressed their delight at the opening of the new office of the Party, in which they said that through this new office, it will be easier for the people when they want to talk or meet with the leaders of the Party.
“And there is no salvation in anyone else (the gods of the world).
The Role and Responsibilities of the Dorbar Shnong, Youth/Club and Women's Wing The Dorbar Shnong together with the Rangbah Shnong and the members of the Executive Committee shall improve the working methods in the village. example:1.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The LIC has launched its new Endowment Plus scheme on 19th July 2015. The LIC has also launched the ULIP scheme, after the new scheme was launched in June
“He said the contract recruitment of youth is a way of exploiting youth who earn low salaries while they have to work full time.
In respect of any other law made by Parliament or the Legislature of the State, the Governor shall determine whether it shall or shall not apply to the autonomous district or regions and, if so, the Governor may make such exceptions or modifications as he may notify with or without retrospective effect.
AND YOU DO NOT KNOW DANIEL.
Rescue teams rushed to the scene to search for survivors.
Speaking as the Convener of the RBPC and President of the RBPC, Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum, on the occasion, spoke about many of the objectives of the RBPC. (issue) that is still pending in Ri Bhoi and besides many issues that he has spoken about to fight against drugs and other crimes is the first issue that this party will take action to fight for to combat the illegal trafficking of drugs.
A hospital in Chinnachokkikulam has charged T.1 lakh for the treatment of a covid patient for two days.
The Hima Mylliem has allowed the Daju to come and collect their clothes by the 16th of this month and has warned that from the 16th, all the Daju in Iewduh must wear their clothes. that the Hima and the District Council have issued.
Furthermore, the Khliehrymphum Dorbar Shnong has clarified that the land proposed by the JMB to build the park falls within the boundary of the Khliehrymphum Dorbar Shnong.
He said that the actions of the Congress government in the North East have delayed the implementation of the aspirations of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to bring about economic development but the poor are facing problems.
In total, police recovered 72 Ak rifles, three mobile phones and nine SIM cards from the scene.
This may be because everyone has understood that literacy is the key to a bright future for our lives.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the government will hand over to the best company for the operation of the 108 Emergency Service in the State. will be able to provide optimal service.
“Even the elders here don't trust each other.
“According to the Minister in office, she should have thought how to speak and not to incite against the people in the same state and if there are any conflicts or problems, she as the Minister should take responsibility and extinguish the fire before it burns.
The meeting was enriched by the participation of four Vos from Kyndongtuber Village and Bersaman VO Shangpung Pohshnong. KHLIEHRIAT: The Dorbar Shnong of Thangskai Village today shut down the cement factory of Dalmia Cement Ltd for violating the agreement of the village. to employ the villagers in the factory.
Due to the narrowness of the area, it is prohibited to set up shops on the streets or to sell any goods and disturb the road.
Because we human beings act without thinking and think afterwards.
Meghalaya should follow suit, because Meghalaya does not have or cannot provide free food and other necessities to every household from poor, middle income to BPL and so on.
“We have invited GIZ as an expert to develop this essential policy related to the protection and conservation of biodiversity in waters and rivers,” he said.
The BSF alleged that the seized sugar was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh, where it was kept in an empty house when the police and BSF raided the sugar. area.
Although the HSPDP will lose two MLAs, Bah Samlin Malngiang and Bah Renikton L. Tongkhar, the season of the party is still coming out.
He said that such an incident has happened in the past years, and what is needed now is to educate the people to avoid the beliefs that lead to tragic incidents.
There are six remaining issues and if the government fails to implement their demands, the prime minister and his cabinet will resign.
U syllad.com, which visited the scene on the night of 11th November, found that people from all over the country had turned to see these prisoners who were bombed to death.
The meeting was conducted by Bah F Nongsiej, Myntri Shnong and the welcome speech was delivered by Bah Phindar Wanniang. Speech by Bah WN Lartang.
The SP said that during the investigation, police have arrested a foreigner named Raju Rajbhar, 43, from Sonapur, Kamrup Assam, who works at a dhaba in Erpakon village. Police are conducting further investigation.
The HYC strongly condemns the Meghalaya Police Department for shooting people last night and we believe that the shooting of Bah Cheris is a murder.
And she caught him by his garment, saying, Lie with me: and he left his garment in her hand, and fled, and got him out. sha ground".
Regarding the appointment of teachers, he said that the minister has said that the teachers will be appointed by conducting an eligibility test and should score 45 percent in class XII. around the world in the coming years, according to sources.
At the same time, the principals of government schools and colleges such as Government Boys and Girls and Kiang Nangbah in Jowai should enroll class 11 students in schools to avoid the students dropping out of school part time. The students come from rural areas and poor families and find it difficult to attend private schools or Shillong.
The Kur Phawa Siangshai also said that your cooperation will be most valuable for the future not only of the Kur Phawa Siangshai, but of the heritage of the nation as a whole.
In a statement, Marak said that many of the officers appointed by the State Government have no knowledge of the protection of the people.
“If the government builds this project, many farmers as well as people who earn their living from tourism will be severely affected,” he said.
Bah Warjri said that Meghalaya needs a proper art institution for the youth of the state and it is immediately in accordance with the theme of Kpait-saiñ. -The National Education Policy of India.
Every day there will be someone from other nations who will be insulted or insulted or attacked by the darkness of our nation.
Whatever we do, there is always good and bad.
They were so scared that they threw money everywhere.
On the need for Statesman, Bah Sadon said, “I dare to say that for 50 years we have not received a Statesman.
He said that especially parents should allow their children when they have goals and talents, in any sport.
The MDA government has taken action to set up a High Level Committee under the leadership of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong. They shall be transferred to a place where there is no Municipal office in the quarter where the Municipal employees are located.
And it is for this reason that all our roads whether in the city or in the countryside are bad and have to be repaired every year.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister said that the Cabinet has accepted the proposal to create a new Directorate of Forensic Science from the Cell. of Forensic Science which has been working under the supervision of the Meghalaya Police since earlier years.
He said there was an urgent need for the ICC to look into such an incident.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: A father and two children have died in a shocking incident in Mawsiatkhnam village.
Most of the candidates are from the political parties working together in the coalition government and therefore all of them have a responsibility for the development of the state.
The disease is more severe in the warmer border areas like Ri-Bhoi, Maweit, West Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
Midfielders: Luka Modric (Real Madrid), Ivan Rakitic (Sevilla), Ognjen Vukojevic (Dynamo Kiev), Ivan Perisic (Wolfsburg), Mateo Kovacic (Inter Milan), Marcelo Brozovic (Dinamo Zagreb), Sammir (Getafe), Ivan Mocinic ( Rijeka).
There have been 65,002 new cases of coronavirus in India today and 996 deaths in the past 24 hours.
There will be up to four weight categories for the athletes to compete in this tournament.
He said that the party's removal from the post of Chief Executive Member of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) is an excessive act of violence against him as an MDC elected by the people.
In the first innings, Meghalaya took the lead by 93 runs against Sikkim, but once again the Meghalaya bowlers played well through Apandanka who scored 6/35 in 10.1 overs. He scored 8/85 points in the match.
Meetings are allowed in churches, according to the rules, but no more than half of the seats are allowed to be gathered and those invited should not exceed 50 people.
Shillong: In a meeting with the cow farmers at Iewduh yesterday, they expressed their disappointment, because the cows they need to buy to meet the needs of the people, as the days go by. it became difficult to get.
They cannot develop without politics.
The problems that Mawpon village is still facing are related to the post of Sordar or Rangbahshnong.
Thlen immediately went to Biskarom (Biskarom was the chief of King Lakriah after King Lakriah came to Syiem Synriang. The chief of Syiem Synriang was Biskarom) to accept the job. Biskarom didn't work, he didn't listen, because there were many jobs in the area, and then he went to Barikor Karikor (Barikor Karikor was the Bakhraw of Syiem Synriang) and he didn't work. Sormoh Sorphin remembers that they were still busy in the fields.
When the reporter arrived about halfway through the road before reaching Thieddieng village, he found the SRT police together with the villagers who were conducting a search for the people from a riat. They used a tyllai to climb to a height of about 1,000 feet [400 m]
He said the government has appointed a committee to conduct an inquiry into the smuggling of drugs at the NRHM and has not yet received any information or report on this.
If the dam is built, it will have an area of ​​at least 253.85 hectares (including water). Not a single village will be affected, but some farmland of some villages will be affected. villages will be severely affected.
All the MDCs in KHADC have immediately rejected in 2021 the Government of India's plan to introduce tens of thousands of mynder, to about 7000 villages in Khasi Hills, to stay for at least 5 years. Thew, know what Drone Mapping is.
When the power generation projects have been in line with the grid, it means that they have been operational and have been able to generate electricity and this alignment shows that all the units have been able to generate electricity. according to the Grid requirement.
“In Serial No. 7 of the Advertisement, applications are invited to fill for the posts of 35 Assistant Engineers in the Department of Community and Rural Development under the Meghalaya Rural Engineering Services (MRES).
He said that many of the people have complained about the Nongpoh Umden road but as an MLA he has done many things for the development of the area, although the struggle to improve the Umden road is ongoing. shaid shaid, especially as an MLA, he has worked hard to improve the quality of education which is the basic need of the students in this age. .
For parents who do not have an Adhaar Card, they are required to bring their Scheduled Tribe Certificate, Birth Certificate, Passport Photograph and Baptism Certificate when registering their Adhaar names.
Therefore, take personal responsibility and every citizen to eradicate corruption which is the root cause of backwardness in the state and the country.
“I saw you came to write that day,” said a neighbor who used to be close to her. “Yes, I came,” said Peter's mother. Peter's mother said, “That's right, too,” said the neighbour. Peter's mother.
On Saturday, Luti Tuber Ïalong will play against Tpep Pale at 10.30 pm, while Moodymmai will play against Lumsliarsliar at 12.00 pm.
On July 11, Manchester United accepted an £80 million bid from Real Madrid.
The second part of the session was conducted by MM Thaiang, Vice President, Shnat Jowai, KAS and a lecture was given by Rev. HCT Sumer on the topic “The Contribution of Thomas Jones to Society. .
According to the new era, there are many technologies that can improve the healthy, the bad can be improved and they can also take various physical activities that can help them, they can also employ There are those who are younger who can avoid drinking, but because they are drunk, they lose their jobs and they are the ones who often find that if someone drinks at the right time, there will be a problem. hurricane.
Various villages and townships have taken over vacant areas and provided solitary accommodation for those who cannot do this at home.
In a statement, the party leaders encouraged the young men and women to spend more time in their studies so that they can achieve the goal of progress in the field of education in life.
Upper Shillong Colt scored the two goals through Damankhraw Syndor in the 50th minute and Mebanbhabok Sun in the 60+1st minute.
The cleaning started from the roads of Modop and then to Nartiang Market with the participation of the Village Leaders of Nartiang and Modop.
This statement also violates human rights in a democracy,” said Babu Riangtem.
Shillong: Our state is a state where most of the residents are farmers.
All the residents of the market came to take part in the cleaning.
At the time of the incident, nothing could be done as the ground had collapsed the house where the children were trapped.
The State Government has to understand that until now, it has been fighting against the corona virus without spending any money and has created opportunities to eradicate the corona virus with the money it collects from the people through various taxes. ; But as we have always said, this is not a small task and if the State Government or the Government of India do not have the courage to fight, then the time will come when many will turn away. and at that time, you will be able to cope with the corona virus.
N.Rakesh, captain of ARC, was awarded the title of the best player of the day. The next match of the tournament will be on the 14th of this month between Marbisu FC and Nongkrem FC. Shillong: The Rongbiria Seng Kut Snem, The Seng Khasi Kmie will hold a meeting on the 18th of November at the 2nd Ground Polo.
The consecration of the four deacons from the two Dioceses of Shillong Archdiocese and Nongstoin Diocese was a memorable day in the lives of the five Deacons. They obeyed God's call to serve in the vineyard of the Lord by taking an oath to live purely, poorly and righteously as priests forever.
“I am the only one from Meghalaya and I have to compete against Indian players and players from nine countries,” he said.
After a long discussion, the Magistrate allowed the HYC to sit in a protest at the same place at Parking Lot Polo, but the leaders of the HYC said that if possible The District authorities should allow them to sit in front of the Secretariat because this place does not fall under Section 144CrPC. However, the district authorities did not allow them to leave the area, so the members of the party showed their protest by carrying their cards and slogans. They also called on the government to repeal the Ordinance.
On this occasion, the union leaders have met with the Additional DM&HO by submitting a letter to inform them about the problems faced by the residents regarding the deterioration of the road leading to the CHC. The union in a meeting with the Additional DM&HO acknowledged that the CHC road is in poor condition and promised to inform the authorities to take the necessary action.
As much as I wanted to, I couldn't celebrate the festival because of the situation in our state in Manipur,” said Romi.
On the other hand, the Minister of Labour, M Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the establishment of this training center will open up opportunities for the youth of the state.
When the jobs are available, whether it is from the Central Government or the State Government, the people do not hesitate to apply for them.
Shillong, Nailar, 20: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Ajay Kumar Mishra, today said that the Union Government is working on measures to protect the indigenous peoples. especially in relation to the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
The Meghalaya High Court through two judges, Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice Wanlura Diengdoh has issued an order on 5th June, 2022 ordering the suspension of all admissions. on the grounds that at the time of calling for applications, Government departments and other agencies which have to follow the Reservation Policy, have not displayed the Roster System or have not displayed it. clarify the allocation or counting of jobs for different ethnic groups under the Reservation Policy or the allocation of jobs under the Reservation Policy at the time of calling for applications.
Greta Thunberg was one of the group who went to protest at the site, which also blocked the road and disrupted the movement of oil trucks in Malmo.
This offers 50-70 seats in the interior dining and information areas.
“From now on, especially here in Nongthymmai, many people will visit this place, it is very clean.
The truck was heading from Guwahati to Shillong, but when it reached the scene, it overturned on the highway.
That is why the Word of God says that we should be content, because we brought nothing into the world, and neither can we carry anything out.—1 Timothy 6:7
Shillong: The BJP MLA from Goa, Nilesh Cabral, who is also a government minister, on Tuesday said that the allegation that the BJP is against Christians is false.
Besides, the party has a goal to see the increase in the price of agricultural products.
Sources said that the government has received about 149 suggestions after the government sought the opinion of the people on the bill.
“If Bah Process has treated me like a businessman, he is a baselessman without any foundation,” said Bah Pathaw. Why should he flee from Mawlai and come back by leaving the people to Pynthorbah?
“We will also discuss the development of the state in the last 50 years,” he said, adding that tomorrow, there will be an important meeting with the Autonomous Development Council, social workers and Village Authorities where they will discuss how to strengthen them and accelerate development.
The death toll has risen to 2,87,122 with 3,874 new deaths today.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Mawshynrut Circle, on 21st October, inspected the Community Health Center (CHC) Mawshynrut Circle and found many shortcomings inside the CHC. The HYC has found that the CHC does not have an ambulance, it does not have enough drinking water, many medicines have to be purchased from abroad. , and so on.
The allocation of this fund is to carry out development works in these tribal areas.
“We know their work and we will defeat them all in the upcoming elections,” he said.
Under this scheme, they will receive T.3 per kilo of rice and T.2 per kilo of wheat.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Seng Kur Sohkhlet, Khasi Jaintia today held a meeting in Shillong to commemorate the two leaders of the Seng who passed away last year.
“I don't have a problem if the MLA raises the question of how to implement any scheme,” he said.
At the end of the match, West Madan Mustem beat Lion Sports & Youth Affairs 2-1
Vivek Kumar Ray took three wickets for 21 runs in six overs.
Some of them, such as corruption, corruption, violence, and other crimes, are those that disrupt the formation of government or public administration.
Three persons have been arrested and the investigation is ongoing, said the CPP. In another case last month, officers of the CCP, Shillong seized five gold biscuits. 582.70 grams from a man near Jorabad.
Rising temperatures are affecting these birds’ growth and nesting patterns and this is putting a lot of pressure on some species in support against these changes.
Before the programme, a march was held by former AASU leader Dibyajyoti Medhi from Khanapara to Vajpayee Bhawan. Former Raijor Dal leader Kamal Kumar Medhi is also expected to join the BJP. Previously, Kamal Kumar was a member of the AAP, Congress and The King's Party.
“If you increase the fare, it will affect the poverty and happiness of the people of Shillong including school children, employees and government employees who use vehicles every day,” he said. The HYC has demanded that the state government should immediately resolve this issue by increasing the tax for the benefit of the people.
The SP said in a statement that the state police department is looking into the maintenance of peace among the communities and any attempt to intimidate and prosecute under the rules of law.
JSU War Jaintia congratulates and praises the three students who have passed the SSLC examination and achieved the Top 20 rank including Dimarkithmu Gayang from Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Secondary School, Lamin who came in 5th position from Lamin Village, Amlarem Sub Division.
In an order issued on Tuesday, the court of Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh said, “The Learned Advocate-General has informed that he has The HPC has approved in principle the blueprint prepared by the government and informed that there are some new changes according to the report of the Harijan Panchayat Committee. meaning in some respects".
This is like a lie that thanks the people.
The most severe violence was the ban on the work of the French government.
It may be recalled that before the meeting, the last meeting between the government and the rebel group was on the 5th of July this year. It was decided to hold another meeting which was held today.
The names of the winners in the marathon and poetry writing competitions were also announced and the prizes were distributed by Bah Macmillan Byrsat MLA Nongstoiñ who was the chief guest and other dignitaries.
Judas, a servant of Jesus Christ whom God called to be a prophet, wrote in His letter, verses 15-16, “Behold, the Lord came with fifty thousand to execute judgment upon all, and to convict all the ungodly of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly committed, and of all the hard things which ungodly sinners have spoken against him. U.These are murmurers, complainers, walking after their own lusts; and their mouth speaketh great swelling words, having men's persons in admiration because of advantage. advantage".
Many agricultural products have dropped in price and this has affected the agriculture in the Ri-War area.
JOWAI: Uncontrollable criminals have tried to kill fish kept by the Jaintia Fishing and Environment Protection Association (JFEPA), Jowai in the Myntdu River known as Mutong Khian.
According to sources who spoke to her relatives, Bahun was a friendly person and a friend to all the people she met.
The game was very strong in the first minutes of the second half, but Armanki Kharkongor scored the second goal for Umphyrnai in the 53rd minute.
On the occasion, Bah Dikostar Lymba, Sordar Shnong Mawkynrew, Bah Sharmon Warlarpih, Sordar Shnong Umtngew, Bah Tanbor Surong, President of M&SCC. Asha of Mawkynrew PHC gave a speech and explained about the dangers of drugs.
Hearing the reply given by the state government that it has taken action to educate and explain to the people to stop eating kwai, the court said that this is a childish act, because the court said that No matter how much you explain, it is useless, because even the smoke that is explained, those who listen to it are few.
The Governor has issued a directive to the Government departments to dismiss those employees who have reached the age of 70 years.
Until Jesus explained, “I came down from heaven, not to do mine own will, but the will of him that sent me.
Shillong, July 24: The KTIEW EMS Trust, London on Tuesday continued to donate to the Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital, Shillong for the renovation of the old Margaret E Buckley Memorial Hall.
Dimasa, 3 Cats.
Bah Hoover Hynniewta said that all the MLAs have agreed to place the responsibility on the shoulders of Prof RS Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, the HNLC has made it clear that the HNLC's visit to the government is not a threat but a desire to reach an agreement and resolve the political issues of the Hynniewtrep people.
This Act empowers the Rangbah Shnongs to impose fines on anyone found throwing garbage on the roads or rivers, or on the land of other persons who have not yet built houses and the land is still occupied. empty.
The incident happened on Friday at 2 pm, when the alleged perpetrator was Raj Kumar from the state. Rajasthan, who is the manager of the pump.
AIZAWL: Ziona Chana, the world's most married woman, died today while undergoing treatment at a hospital in Aizawl.
The French who ruled the Khasi-Jaintia Hills were famous and praised the character and intelligence of the Khasi-Pnar people.
The Vice President of the union said that regarding the problems faced by the farmers in the field of soh, he said that the duty of the government is not only to provide schemes or money to the farmers. However, it is necessary to send inspection teams to find out how to improve the soybean industry.
On the other hand, the UDP welcomes the proposal of KHNAM to form an executive committee (EC) with other political parties after the MDC elections. HSPDP has asked Hoping Stone Lyngdoh to form the EC but we have not yet received a reply,” said UDP Secretary Allantry F Dkhar.
Dai and ja: One of the most common misconceptions is that the choice to eat vegetables and avoid meat is evidence of a lack of protein.
Amit Shah said that looking at Narendra Modi's working methods for the North East, we too have a duty to ensure that these projects are successful.
VC within this university for some time.
However, he did not criticize the dismissal of various leaders, saying, “As an employee of the party, I will not interfere with the decision of the Parliamentary Board of the party”.
Rangkynsai CC won the match by 135 runs and Savian Blah was named Player of the match by tied 57 runs and took one wicket.
Pawar said that while there have been some people who may have left his party simply because they are forced, but that depends on their will and decision.
Mehta is a graduate of St. Columba's and St Stephen's College in Delhi.
He said that the tender for the construction of the Umngi River has been called in June 2019, but no one has applied. ,but you can't do the job.
When we settled down, we began to understand how difficult it is to live in a city that cannot be cleaned because there is no electricity to cook our food.
The Taxi Association leader said that the taxi drivers will hold on to what they have said but if there is still a police arrest, they will lodge a complaint with the court. this is the work.
But you know that if you go to court, besides the fine, you have to pay your lawyer and others,” said Bah Shanbor.
The AMASR Act prohibits any construction or operation in protected areas near ancient monuments without the approval of the National Monuments Authority (NMA).
Another match between Dulong and Moosalyngkat at 2.00 pm.
According to the police, the baby was found to be a girl, but it cannot be confirmed yet, as it is a newborn baby and the confirmation will be given. long from the Doctor.
Thus, many sports such as Badminton, Table Tennis, Karate, Judo, Boxing and other athletes support themselves.
When you pray and thank God, you should receive it with thanksgiving and thank you and bow your head as a sign that you truly respect Him and God knows how to help, strengthen and It doesn't matter whether you are hidden or not.
To avoid the fourth, the KAAC should remove the Khanduli revenue gate completely and wait for the boundary settlement talks between the Regional Committees of Assam and Meghalaya.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the KSU Ranikor Circle today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ranikor Circle to discuss the issue of The residents of the border area have faced many problems due to the damage caused by the Hati Khlaw to their crops.
In fact, this Rs 6 crore should benefit the people who attended the Synod and the area.
Earlier today, there were seven cases of covid-19, one from Udalguri, Dhakuakhana, Cachar and Hailakandi and two from Sivasagar.
The people of Khasi Jaintia Hills are well aware that if the UDP or HSPDP from the RDA, Congress, VPP, PDF, KHNAM and other parties in the area come out to lead, they will not be allowed to sit. and thou shalt not be ashamed.
The climate and nature in this area is as warm as in Bhoi and War.
At the police stations, there will always be records related to two wheelers or cars or other stolen property.
He said that the JMB has many schemes to help the people living in the city, so he urged the people to come to the office of the JMB to know about the various schemes. On the other hand, he urged the CEO to conduct public awareness programs on various schemes of the JMB. The JMB office has a scheme of 12,000 tyngka to help build toilets for those who do not have toilets or septic tanks. The assistance of the government, as it is no longer allowed to discharge toilet water into streams or canals that lead to the rivers which are the sources of drinking water.
Exodus 18:20-40.
When introducing bills in the House, it is the duty of MLAs or MPs to point out shortcomings/errors or to make proposals to amend or supplement or improve those bills.
If we take it from this point of view, we have to admit that the police of Shillong, seem to lack a lot of training, because we see, in many cases, that there are civilians, who are beaten by the police and recently, we remember a singer, who was shaken hands by a police chief.
Observers from the Meghalaya Football Association including Bah Sunesh Syiem and Bah Dipshon Ryntathiang came to witness the election and to verify that it was smooth and efficient. The election will be held in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Meghalaya Football Association.
“The youth of this area have the knowledge but they lack the opportunity to get it,” said the SSC chief. Guwahati and Shillong in this regard.
Such a tragedy has never happened before to any political party in Meghalaya that the party which won the most paid elections will ringswai slowly until it falls completely out of control. Two MLAs have joined another party.
He also encouraged the association that through this day it should not end but should be the beginning and hoped that in the coming days many young people will emerge to become leaders for the development of the country. tourism in the region, the state and the country as a whole.
Surprisingly, despite the ban on trucks, there were trucks of the leaders of these unions who threw stones at the parking lot of the Hima Sohra.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Moodymmai Unit has donated books, pens and copies to one of the night schools in Moodymmai.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the Cabinet decision taken today will be implemented in an ordinance. The council shall be accepted into the council.
And if you say that or those ri thlen, you will say that our Khasi is a bishni who has increased the wealth of others and produces that story of ri thlen or nong ri thlen.
The fourth team will face the winner of the eliminator on the 9th November at 1 pm.
The fire broke out at a petrol station in the western part of Benin village in Seme Podji, where vehicles and motorcycles used to go to the petrol station to get petrol. to be used again later.
Other writers who have been published are:i.
Have you ever asked yourself why you are like this ? Why does Mariang cry ? Or do you think that the beautiful colors of nature will disappear as soon as the Earth has become self-sufficient and will die without thinking about the impact on the future generations?
They chose the curse.
On the part of the Dorbar Shnong Umïam, through the Secretary Shnong, Bah S.Marwein, said that the Dorbar Shnong Umïam has given its support to the KSU which has inspected these factories and in the past years there have been There have been cases of murder, theft and robbery and even violence against women, but it is difficult to find the perpetrators and the reason is the willingness of foreigners to come to work in these factories.
"The two organizations also recalled the death of a schoolgirl in Ar kilo and another incident of murder and rape last year in November 2020 in East Jaintia Hills District, which has not yet been found. I don't know what happened.
In the first Budget Session of the new Legislative Assembly, the MDA 2.0 government should stand up and criticize the Assam government and should produce documents to prove that Mukroh is a land within the The boundary of West Jaintia Hills and not of West Karbi Anglong.
The book fair was organized by the Central Library & IQAC of Shillong College in collaboration with Shillong Commerce College and PGT, Shillong.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya through the Ministry of Home Affairs today issued a notice to set up a Police Out Post at Barato Village in West Jaintia Hills District. This was announced by the Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya and the Department of Home Affairs.
On the same day, the stories and paintings depicting the life of Tirot Singh Syiem, which were displayed on the walls of the Indira Gandhi Cultural Center (IGCC), were also unveiled to the public.
“The responsibility is also the responsibility of the parents, we have to understand that when our children are young and their minds are not yet mature and their blood is still hot and the law is not yet “It's a good idea for parents to encourage their children when they are not old enough,” said Bah Brightstarwell.
I explained to him that it was not ordination because ordination or baptism can be given only once and I am not subject to the Catholic Canon Law, Can.751 which contains provisions such as Heresy and Apostasy.
Losing the toss, Nagaland had to tied first and Meghalaya managed to restrict Nagaland's lead to 74/7 in 35 overs.
“We came to see if the contractor has sent us,” said one of the shorter and taller men.
NM Singh scored the winning goal for Shillong Lajong in the 31st minute.
The actress will soon be seen advocating for shoes and sportswear for women.
And God called unto Moses out of the wilderness of Horeb, and said unto him, Moses, Moses, and Moses. - And God said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground.
This is a special incident on this day as the people in the midst of the heat, heard this announcement.
Wow! Those who are rich sleep in the streets without clothes or blankets, and those who are rich do not sleep all night.
The program was conducted by GLC Mylliem, MCS, Assistant Commissioner, who welcomed and congratulated all those who attended the programme.
In fact, it should find out the facts first and not immediately dismiss it without knowing any grounds.
Ukraine's statement came a day after Russian President Vladimir Putin congratulated and praised Russian troops for their ability to capture the city of Bakhmut. eastern Ukraine.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Moonking Iawphniaw, Myntri Shnong of Pyndensohsham, said that due to the lack of attention of the PWD (R) Department, many sien on the delay in the construction and cleaning of the PMGSY road from Umpung to Pyndensohsham.
Also present on the occasion were President John F Kharshiing, General Secretary Finely L Pariat and senior members of the Association.
The task now has eight steps and the time consumption has also been significantly reduced.
I appeal to the political leaders not to talk about the population structure or roster system.
The Khasi States, which have signed the Instrument of Accession instead of receiving a separate State status under the First Scheduled of the Constitution of India, have been merged with the Tribal Areas under the Assam State and included in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
No one was injured in the incident, as the father was at work and the mother and children were sleeping at the house of their neighbours.
The DoSE&L has developed the PGI for the States/UTs to understand data-based activities on the academic performance and achievements of schools in all States/UTs. The main objective of PGI is to promote fact-based policy making and focus on solutions to ensure quality education for all.
High cholesterol is not inherited, but healthy lifestyle choices and unhealthy food choices can lead to this disease.
He said the UDP will monitor this issue and work with the government for the benefit of the people.
Shillong: There have been 507 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 585 recoveries and 8 deaths.
“The children and youths who competed in this final were pleased with this system and it encouraged them to showcase their talents in front of the judges and the public on the day of the competition. Bobby Shangdiar and Bloomingstar Sylliang, who were the participants, said.
Blah grew up in Shillong and his parents work for the State Bank of India.
To be or not to be a politician is not a matter of debate.
They cannot become citizens even if they flee or enter Bangladesh.
Roy said that in this 24 page and 46 paragraph speech, Conrad did not mention a single issue on the security of the country and the nation, such as the ILP, the MRSS (Amendment) Bill, 2020 , the demand for the repeal of the CAA from Meghalaya, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule.
He said that even in Guwahati, Mahindra pickups can be delivered every day.
It has been supported by 72 countries around the world which has led the United Nations to declare 2023 the International Year of Millets.
If you think that, it would be very wrong.
“In the past five years, India has become a hub of factories and we are also one of the highest income countries in the world.
The Joint Action Committee of Jaintia Organization led by D Wanmi Laloo, General Secretary of JACJO and President of JACJO and RK Rymbai Chairman, RJYF Kiang Nangbah College has been given 10 days to enroll these 200 Jaintia students, and warned that if the college fails to do so, the JAC will hold a meeting to take a firm decision. with a protest.
The reason for this is the lack of attention of the state government to provide security measures to the employees of the bank especially those working in rural areas.
Hamletson said the party is preparing for the election while the MP election has not been discussed yet.
Furthermore, the department has decided to continue the counting of cities.
Shillong, July 07 : The North East Indigenous People's Forum (NEIPF) on Tuesday demanded that the Central Government and the Manipur Government should take immediate action against the “infiltration of foreign authorities” in the North East. Lam Mihngi, which has changed the lives of indigenous peoples in the region.
The order, issued by the Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs, has increased the special excise duty on petrol from T.2 to T.8 per liter and diesel. to T.4 from T.2 per litre.
He said that during the inspection, it was found that the road has been badly damaged, which has caused problems to the passengers due to the poor condition of the road.
Without scholars and intellectuals, it is difficult to write in front of today's scientific world.
However, the increase in tourism since the construction of the armala bridge from Nongriat, which should have passed through Tyrna, has increased the income and livelihood of the people.
“This shows that they have done it in a hurry and they have done it only for glory because it has not brought peace on both sides,” he said. “If there is no struggle, there will be a protest,” said Ardent.
“This is the first time that such a survey has been conducted in this area and we have found that this disease is not rare,” Prof Vashist told reporters in the city. this Friday.
The final will be announced in a statement, said the Secretary of the Tournament Committee, Wilfred Pohtam.
This has led many of the residents to praise the work of the contractors in the past who have done the work properly unlike these days where many of the roads are in good condition. It is admitted that they are cleaned according to the latest technology but most of the time it has been seen that within a few days after the construction of the signs, many of the roads have appeared.
In addition, the allocation of one of the largest projects of the Critical Care Block grant amounting to T.21.38 crore, was awarded later to other projects.
On Sunday, BJP Delhi chief Adesh Gupta strongly criticized Jindal's writings, saying they were against the party's rules of procedure. and he was cast out of that congregation.
He said that along with other rules, the people involved in the illegal mining of many mineral resources in the border areas should be prosecuted.
The Congress party, in its release, has promised to provide more than 5 kilos of rice per month in addition to the 5 kilos provided by the central government.
The population of Bangladeshis in Assam is as follows: Dhubri (70.42%), Goalpara (50.18%), Barpeta (56.07%), Hailakandi (55.18%), Bongaigaon (32.49%), Morigaon (45.31%), Nagaon ( 47.19%), Karimganj (49.17%) and Cachar (34.49%).
The Seng Khasi Kmie, is deeply saddened to receive the news of the passing away of Rangbah Don Kupar Dkhar, President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, on the morning of 15th March. , 2023.
Not only that, it was also reported that the newspapers have been owed money by government departments, where even for 40 years, their loans have not been paid.
“Besides, the CM said that no permission will be allowed to build houses in sharing/riat areas of 50% or more, in view of the safety of the houses.
Other candidates who passed the examination were Heikrujam Prasanjeet (578th), Ourembam Nelson Mangangcha (757th), Deepi Chanu (621st), Waikhom Nydia Devi and Hatchinghoi Haoki (180th and 673rd).
It is unthinkable that such incidents will happen suddenly in Manipur, according to reports.
He also expressed the need to start the North East Development Fellows through the Dr. Kalam Center at IIM Shillong to bring about a change in the way of working and serving the region.
Ridalin Suting scored in the 22nd minute and Elviorika Sohkhlet in the 27th minute.
Pamela, who starred in Bay Watch, one of the most beautiful and successful serials in the past years, still remembers the serial she took part in and still remembers it. the clothes are beautiful and you wear them.
“There may be needs of the Colleges-for the construction of buildings, to run the works, to allocate funds for development projects-if the expenditure is reasonable it will be better but if it is too much, I think for “For the good of the children, the Government will have to find a way to take a decision,” he said.
The protest was to protest against the BJP's misrule, that youth unemployment is higher now than in the past 45 years.
She said that due to this incident, the government will expedite the construction of the lawyers' office as soon as possible and the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has inspected the site and confirmed to take action.
Shillong, March 15: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills today handed over the electoral roll to the political parties at a meeting held at the Conference Room of the DC Office in Shillong.
Because God is a Spirit (John 4:24) the Word of God says, “Let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might. the rich man shall not be proud of his riches.
The hearts and souls of all the people, from the great to the small, from the small to the small, hoped and looked forward to receiving the good news, to hear, oh! In that country it has declined steadily, and in our North East Meghalaya especially.
If so, how and if not, why?
All the elders who were present on the occasion, Bah Manly Star Lyngdoh, congratulated the writer.
Shillong, Nailar 08: The Meghalaya State Karate Do Federation (MSKDF) has prepared to participate in the Karate India Organization (KIO) The 17th Independence Cup International Karate Championship will be held at Talkatora Lndoor Stadium, New Delhi from 11th to 13th July,
However, as soon as Bah Lambor announced that he will not contest the election, they were encouraged because they were free to vote for Bah Shylla.
When the AITC revealed these facts, Gokhale said that the NPP as of 31st October 2021 had three offices of 10,000 sq ft near Polo, an office in Tura. and Imphal.
The fourth match ended at 2 pm when Iaitylli SC beat Mawlai SC 2-0, Batista Langstieh scored 2 goals in the 50th minute and Pynshai Khongthohrem in the 50th minute. 59 minutes.
Shillong, November 10 : U Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai on Saturday inaugurated the Working Women's Hostel of the Garo Welfare Society (GWS) at Rilbong, Shillong. 4.50 crore rupees.
The announcement to build a shopping mall in Barik is a promotion, enhancement and promotion of the neo-liberal ideals of the new era.
U Bah Angelus found the snake after the service because he heard that there was a ksew behind the church and when he went to look he found that the snake was released at the time. in the evening he came back.
Mawkyrwat, 'Naitung, 12: An incident in the past few days in which there has been an attack on the residents and farmland of Nongnah area by wild elephants. This has reached 3 hundred times, this has caused a lot of trouble to the people of this area.
The beauty of the village and the cleanliness of the dew lynnong has attracted not only tourists, but also government authorities and many organizations to come and visit. many kinds of festivals are held in this area.
He said that in the Constitution there is a 6th Scheduled, how to protect this homeland of Khasi and Jaintia and here the nation can hide and protect from other nations.
Don't explain to Charles what you're doing...or how.
Rupang: What is the difference between recognizing the ownership of land, while at the same time, permission must be sought from the MMDR before mining coal? they don't have land or land to mine coal.
Speaking at the meeting, Langkyrdem MDC Bah Ryngkat Lyndem, who is also the President of the UDP, said that he is a member of the UDP.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, recalled what happened in the past years before Meghalaya became a full state. Because in those days there were many incidents in which the people faced many problems whether in food and drink, income and others.
This is the main route for ensuring on owner engagement and ability to provide water supply within this area.
On the other hand, the SSA teachers started the rally from the parking lot Polo with the accompaniment of the police, but when they reached the MBOSE, they learned that the Minister of Home Affairs, u Lahkmen Rymbui, has called on the leaders of MSSASA to discuss the issue.
The SP of WKHD, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that the reason why the snar has surrendered to the law is because of his feelings and sympathy for the higher leaders. of the GNLA, in which the junior members work hard only for the personal gain of the leaders of the GNLA.
Speaking on the occasion, Ampareen said that if she is elected as MP, she will not be afraid to speak in Hindi even if she has to speak in Parliament for the issues of the people. They should respect the language of the people of this state.
The release of the list of voters in these constituencies was held at a meeting held at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office in the presence of Bah Garod LSN Dykes. He is also the Election Officer of the District, EROs AEROs and Election Agents of political parties including Hill State People Democratic Party, United Democratic Party, Bharatya Janata Party, Indian National Congress, National People's Party, All India Trinamool Congress and other parties.
The NDA government has also announced that so far about 2,500 Indians have migrated from Nepal to India, while visas have been issued to foreigners who wish to enter India.
However, even the old bills of the people have not been paid yet and it has left tens of lakhs of rupees to the contractors.
Luckystar Pamthied, President of the Association of Challenged People, Amlarem Block, in his speech, praised and congratulated the Government for the training provided to the disabled by bringing in the the “Vote from Home” which has helped and enabled them to exercise their right to vote and elect leaders.
“He doesn't hear or listen to the conversation except for this mobile,” said the mother to Rangsan who was looking at the mobile.
The state lawyer informed the Supreme Court that there are still 1,76,000 MT of coal which has not been transported and requested that it be allowed to transport the coal which has already been mined.
After Tyngkan and his friends had sat down, they spoke dat and shocked the old man and the old man got up and took out a knife from the body of Tyngkan until he died. he died soon after.
The miners in the state are still facing difficulties in exporting coal to Bangladesh due to the large number of roads they have to travel before getting a licence.
Introducing a new approach to the Government's communication system, the Minister responded to the Budget through technology.
God bless Meghalaya,” said Bah Nongbet.
However, we see that now God by gathering the Jews back to Israel has prepared them as His powerful weapons to destroy the kingdoms of the world as they intend to attack Israel. and the city of Jerusalem.
Rtd.Shailendra Kattaria, SDO Amlarem Civil Sub-Division Kong Yvette Risa Mawlong, BDO Amlarem C&RD Block Dr.D.Lyngdoh, Medical Officer Incharge (MOIC), Jarain PHC Dr.F.A Lamin, Block Medical Officer (BMO) Dr.Arwind Khonglah Speaking on the occasion, Lahkmen Rymbui said that the upgradation of Jarain PHC to Sub-Divisional Hospital will provide full health services to the people of Amlarem Sub Division.
They also agreed to contribute to the sup u thiar for the welfare of the state they lead and the need for the development of the country.
The NPP candidate in Byrnihat was also present in the presence of MDC Jirang, Bah Victor Rani, President of NPP Ri Bhoi, Bah Clement Mawlong. , Bah Thomas Malai, Bah Nikle R. Marang and others and the turnout of thousands of people has encouraged the NPP candidate that he has the hope of winning again from this constituency.
Changtre I Man Lamare tied 52 runs from 24 balls and Kynsai Lyngkhoi tied 25 runs from 36 balls.
However, there are places like Umyiap where the time of harvesting is late, but there are other places like Riangdo where the time of harvesting is still early. eh to the farmers.
They include Mehbub Hassan, Md Mahmadur Islam, Atifa Zaman, Chiranjit Kumar and Angoor Zaman Hoque who received the PRC for higher education and training. Ayush Kumar, PRC, has been appointed DC of East Jaintia Hills.
The KSU through this statement, has informed the police and the government that many members of the KSU have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the martyr. There are still many who are willing to surrender themselves for the cause of the Jaidbynriew until the Ri Khasi is cleansed of the invading authorities.
To order that all teachers from schools to go on duty for elections is a thoughtless decision, unacceptable or unfounded.
There were 2 to 4 insurgents in the area and it is suspected that they came from across the border.
Ms Myrthong said she climbed the mountain and her dream came true.
A MoU has been signed between the Sports Authority of India and the National Thermal Power Corporation Limited for the Water Sports Academy to provide training to athletes in rowing, kayaking, canoeing, and others.
She has also lodged an FIR against them at Phulbari Police Station.
This Khasi Hima was founded by a ruler named Moit Sngei.
Marsing clarified their demand for a salary increase, by denying the allegation of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare that the salary is up to T.80,0 the actual amount of up to T.24,000 received annually.
As I said at the beginning we have three options, the first option is for the government to spend about Rs 150 crore or nearly T.200 crore which we find difficult. much for us to be able to do.
It is also the state which comes at the bottom in terms of education. Do the people still want to elect such a government?
The Challans received by these trucks should be for delivery of cows only to Demthring, West Jaintia Hills.
Gadkari said that the opening of these bridges on the highway has damaged many roads on the NH-6 and said that this issue has been discussed with the Minister of Transport. Head of State Government, U Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar.
This meant that most of her time had to be spent filling the house with water.
As Meghalaya falls under Phase-I with two Parliamentary Constituencies, the elections will be held on 19th June.
When asked how many candidates have not been able to reach the examination centre, the KSU leader said that due to the lack of network, he could not give the exact number. There are up to three vehicles of children who have had to return home due to the earthquake. The KSU has said that it will meet with them. The authorities in charge of this project so that the future and education of the students of the area will not be affected because they cannot reach the examination center due to the collapse of the road.
The BJP also suggests to the Government to set up a committee to look into, review and improve any issues so that the Roster System will be complete and the share of Khasi will be increased. -Jaiñtia and Garo should not be less and so on.
“Bah Basaïawmoit said that the Seng has set 14 conditions to form a government and if they cannot, they have promised to provide support from outside but what happened you have seen.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today visited Ladakh, which is in conflict with China, and in his speech to the troops in the area, he said: "The time of overcrowding is over and this is the era of economic development and the era of land grabbing, which will affect human relations," Modi said in a speech at the 2013 FIFA World Cup. 26 minutes from Nimu in Leh District of Ladakh.
“We have made it clear to the Minister that she will inform the Prime Minister of these important issues so that at the next meeting, we can sit down and resolve this issue once and for all,” he said.
He said that the union urges the Deputy Commissioner's office and the Ri Bhoi Police to take action against the collection of money from the cattle trucks within 1 month. “If there is no action, the union will take other measures to fight against such extortion on the roads from these vehicles,” he added.
The site, known as 'Finger 4' and 'Finger 5', is 81 meters long and 25 meters wide. satellites.
“This is because these companies don't care about our people by smuggling them here and there,” said a statement from Ma Lasting Pala, Waheh Shnong Umkiang and Nicholas Lyngdoh, General Secretary, Umkiang.
“Now we have received a letter from the new sordar that the village has not allowed the construction of the crematorium.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the JSU said that the JAC would like to express its gratitude to Ma Lahkmen Rymbui for his efforts to establish a BEd college at Kiang Nangbah. NCTE is in Delhi.
Explaining on this, the Chief Minister said that so far no decision has been taken to hand over some parts of MeECL to the private sector. “It's a good idea to have a team to look after or manage some of the operations of MeECL,” he said.
Those who attended the event included Bah Marcus Marten, President HNYF Ri Bhoi, as the Chief Guest, Bah Donroy Kshiar, Bah Sensy Lyngdoh, Raid and Village Leaders of the area and others. .
This also shows that our State is a State with a large number of young citizens.
d) 5.8 is the pH measured at the Research Station, Jowai for the water collected from the Kseh Hill on the outskirts of the field, near the Myntdu River, Jaintia Hills.
Conte has left the club today, leaving the club fourth in the EPL table, only two points above the club. 5 Newcastle have two games in hand in their Champions League qualification race.
The time has come for us to stand up to protect the country and the nation lest it happen like in the past years, when the souls of the children of Hynniewtrep have lost their lives," he said. said.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, in a statement today, said that the farmers' market, which is located at the parking lot at Anjalee, will be open every day from 10 am to 10 pm. 4 am to 4 pm.
He said, “This news is wonderful, such as this you should have spoken at the Synod meeting.
He said that until these days many people are still stingy about agriculture and they think that in the state there are many farmers and if we cannot improve agriculture “How can we save ourselves and our families?” he asked.
Techi Gromb said, “I used to teach dance at home and after I learned that there will be this dance competition I registered and I didn't think I would win the competition. “I am currently preparing myself to fight again in the final in Mumbai.
Nongpoh, January 20: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) and the Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee (MDC) have prepared to decorate the state with colorful decorations to welcome the visit of Rahul Gandhi. Meghalaya.
With this result, they have to score 10 points from today's match.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The FKJGP Mawlai Circle has requested the Forest Department of the State Government to take care of the removal of the trees along the roads in Mawlai Mawroh. PTS and also along the National Highway Mawlai Mawiong and other parts of Mawlai.
Helen Giri, former Head of Creative Arts, NEHU was the chief guest at the Golden Jubilee Celebration. teacher and students of this college.
Thank you very much... May the Lord bless you and keep you safe and sound so that you will be healthy and strong in the future. I'm sorry...I don't have a child.
“If they don't evacuate the people living in the motor area, it is in the hands of the government. “It shows that there is some bad connection from behind,” said Bah Nongrum.
After being removed from the post, the Minister of Police arrested Singla for this corruption.
This pollen, which looks like a stem stalk, can be carried by the wind from the male flower to the female flower of another plant for about half a mile.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) led by Conrad Kongkal Sangma has been able to return to lead the state government after receiving the support of two BJP MLAs, two HSPDP MLAs and two independent MLAs.
The three candidates who have expressed their candidacy for the VPP ticket are Anthony Nongsiej from Madanbitaw, Teilang Lyngdoh from Sohiong and Arister Kharpan from Krang.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 138 new cases.
He said that the reply cannot be sent immediately but will take about 10 to 15 days to do so.
It is learned that the Lamphang Dorbar had also phoned someone at that time, and said that a complaint should be lodged against the driver, who fled the scene.
Earlier, the Lamphang had not allowed the Opposition MLAs to discuss the allegation of corruption in the education department on the grounds that it was in the hands of the Court.
Shillong: The owner of Petrol Pump and Wine Stone, Urkaliar, Demseiñïong today clarified the rumors spread through social media that there are four cases of corona virus in the city. at the petrol pump.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri. During the meeting, the Chief Minister handed over to Rajnath many of the demands put forward by the State Government. India to do for this state.
I don't mean that the mobilr phone is bad, the mobile phone itself doesn't know how to be bad, it doesn't know how to be good because it is only an inanimate metal that can be used by man, but the bad and good is the heart of the person who uses it.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the taxi drivers who earn their living from this industry said that if this happens, it will affect them a lot, especially to support their own families.
Shillong: The North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health (NEIGRIHMS) has said that it wants to provide the best services to the people of the state by setting up health centers in rural and urban areas. parts of the city.
These are “Ph.D.
As part of the efforts to prevent the crowds from entering the shops, the DC's office has ordered that the buyers should stand in the drawn areas in front of the shops.
Application forms can be obtained from all the offices of the General Managers of District Commerce & Industries Centers in each District Head Quarter and also from the offices of the MHHDC. Ltd (MIDC), Meghalaya Khadi & Village Industries Board (MKVIB), MIDC Complex, “Kismat” Upland Road, Laitumkhrah, Shillong. (Handicraft), Ministry of Textile, Government of India, Lower Lachumiere Shillong.
The Association has discussed the daily allowance of the school children and the Government's actions have caused many problems because the teacher receives only T1,000 per month and the Government does not pay exactly. Cost is usually paid by many many months after cooking.
Congratulating the people of Khliehriat constituency who have won the MLA election, the party candidate who is also the Minister in the state government, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on the other hand, said, “It has been two times. Bah Kyrmen Shylla has been elected with honor and this time too, please support our candidate in this Lok Sabha election.
There are also those who live in flooded areas and survive as much as they can and sell back to buyers.
We are not afraid, because there are cows".
Leviticus 23:10-11.
To prove that the Lord Jesus came to earth to die on the cross and God had revealed to John that Jesus was the Lamb of God.
This cooperation and preparation paves the way for the tasks to be completed and the implementation of the measures.
Mawlai have also qualified for the semifinals, but their position in the Top 4 has not yet been decided.
According to Father Sngi, the words “sell what you have” mean to love God with all your heart and soul (Deuteronomy 6:4-6) and the words “give to the poor” mean to love God. and thy neighbor as thyself (Leviticus 19:18).
The petrol bomb blast damaged the accountant's office and several documents and holidays were damaged.
In the incident, Bah Badhok Nongmalieh and two of his followers escaped without injuries and the rear window of the vehicle was damaged and injured by the stone throwing by the robbers.
At the NPP public meeting in Krang village on Monday, the NPP Chairman Conrad K Sangma, before speaking, demanded that the UDP should be expelled from the government. Samlin Malngiang, 2023, will be appointed Minister of State on 13th June
Among the many tourist attractions that people don't know about, it is located in Jatah area of ​​Mawkynrew Block, East Khasi Hills district.
One of Salman's close friends said that the Khan family is very worried about Salman's re-arrest and Salim is filled with sorrow and grief because he is afraid of himself. of your son.
Shillong, June 22: BJP Chief Amit Shah and NPP President Purno A Sangma held a dinner at Hotel Polo Towers today.
All these expenses include Pinewood, Blueberry and airfare, the amount of money held by the manager is T.87,07,8
At the same time, she said that the government will examine the demands and resolve the shortcomings as soon as possible.
According to the Minister, the railway has brought many benefits to the people of Garo Hills and she herself has never heard of any infiltration by the authorities.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pradip Kurbah thanked the producer Mr. Shankar Lall Goenka who has given him full confidence in the production of the film Ïewduh and has given a name to the people of Congratulations on winning this Award.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has decided to set up a Search Committee to find the new Chairperson of the Women Commission of the State.
The Advocate General of the State Government has agreed to bring the decision to the attention of the State Government. If you don't have this problem, you can go to court.
On the other hand, the Program Coordinator of the North Eastern Regional Domestic Workers Movement (NERDWM), Kong Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew, said that as part of the protest against this action of the central government, they will hold a public awareness campaign. They will also meet with the Governor to inform him of this, and will also send a letter to the MP of Shillong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, BJP East Khasi Hills President Babul Suting said he had no information and had not been informed. he said.
Other speakers were Dr E Kharmutee, District Maternal and Child Health Officer, Dr S Khonglah, Addl. The day was also enriched by the performance of the members of the SHG of Mawkynrew, the demonstration of Yoga and Zumba by the members of the MLHPS Mawkynrew Block.
The letter reads – “Since we have not been able to hold church services for 3 months since the outbreak of covid -19, God has requested that you come and offer your offerings if you still wish to offer...” the writing however offended God, because the offering money was used by men and not by God.
As part of this visit, the Minister also inspected various Government farms as well as other departments of the department.
He said the party expresses its deep sorrow over the remarks made by Dikkanchi Shira, the Congress candidate contesting the mid-term elections in Garo Hills, who is also the wife of Mukul Sangma, who has insulted her. “The BJP will lodge a complaint against Dikkanchi Shira,” said Bah Shibun Lyngdoh.
The language of communication will achieve the political, economic and educational goals and will ensure the progress towards the development of the Dimasa people.
The Governor also said that if necessary, there may be an inquiry into the delay in the work of the District Councils if they do not listen to the orders of the state government. Pravin Bakshi, Commissioner & Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya.
The crimes of violence and child abuse are committed mostly by those who claim to be Christians.
If it is found that the public property goes to private property, an investigation is needed.
Maharshi Dayanand University (Hardeep Singh Gill, Shikha Narwal) 14 (570).
He demanded that the CIC should punish the officers of MCCL for violating the Information Act by failing to provide information as required by the Act.
Rhea Chakravorty, the girlfriend of Sushant Singh Rajput, is under investigation for allegedly stealing Rs 15 crore from the account of the actor.
Besides micro-loans, the PM SVANidhi scheme empowers street vendors through digital payments.
Referring to those who come from poor families, he urged the state government to order all the 60 leaders to contribute to the scheme which they receive more than Rs 2 crore per annum. This is the only way to save the poor from starvation and 21 days of staying at home. Otherwise, it doesn't make sense to spend more than Rs 2 crore if the leaders don't help the people at this time.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 2: The deforestation in West Khasi Hills has increased and continues not only for the transportation of timber to factories around the area.
Ms. Risakaru Lyngdoh (SMS – Agronomy) explaining how to plant, use and produce krai seeds.
In Muzaffarpur District, 3,550 Rapid Antigen Test (RAT) kits were distributed at the Primary Health Center (PHC) in Bochhaha between 1st October and 31st June , that those who tested positive, reached 6,4
There have been 1,152 confirmed cases and the death toll has risen to 1,421 in the state.
Earlier, a training on nutrition was given by Pasqualina Lamare one of the staff of SURE and a speech was delivered by Lambormi Suchen, Skill Development Officer West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, March 4: The Meghalaya Electronic Media Association (MEMA) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma. They urged Dr. Mukul to implement the Risk Insurance Schemes and to expand the assistance scheme for all journalists.
The nation of Israel will not leave or disappear from the face of the earth or the earth will not be destroyed until the times of great tribulation, the times of the seven seals, are fulfilled. in the book of Revelation 6:1-7
After receiving information about the KSU's blockade, the district authorities immediately rushed to the scene and ordered the two groups to reconcile with each other, but not to produce any protest. panic.
Here in our country, we the indigenous people have been attempted by foreigners from other parts of India to infiltrate through the trade and Benami system and to violate and mislead our rights. nation.
However, the ration has been distributed to three kilos per household and the price of sugar is T.20 per kilo.
This month, Bah Ronie alleged that the introduction of T.1000 and T.500 notes by the central government has caused suffering to the people especially the poor because it is a thoughtless act of him. Prime Minister of the country.
After the incident, Bah Swer lodged a complaint at Mawshynrut Police Station and the Mawshynrut Police Station, after receiving the complaint, seized the complaint. The investigation into the incident is ongoing to track down those involved in the incident.
The permission from the authorities in charge of the welfare of the city has encouraged many people from the rural areas to migrate to the city and earn their living by trading and selling. field.
"Today when I visited East Jaintia Hills, I saw the number of coke factories in this area and I ordered the Superintendent of Police of East Jaintia Hills to shut down these coke factories. beain" said the Minister of Home Affairs.
“As public leaders, we must convince the public that they have to pay for the electricity,” Clement said.
Joshi has written sports news, these days especially for the I-League.
Trasstar Shabong, Enforcement Inspector of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has passed away.
The strike by these employees of the Jowai Municipal Board has affected the cleanliness of the city. throw them in the trash.
In the second match, Umsalait SC beat Nohron SC 1-0 with Marbiang Suchiang scoring the first goal for Umsalait SC in the 49th minute.
From these facts, we have to accept that the traffic jam in Upper Shillong, is a sign of the respect of the drivers, because they have stopped following the vehicles. face.
“The Inner Line Permit (ILP) has been in force in Delhi for four years and BJP National General Secretary Rituraj Sinha has said that it has to be explained after the elections.
east: opposite Mynni Mawbri.
Mawkyrwat, June 11: The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, C.Kharkongor, IAS, has issued a directive that all Government Offices, Revenue and Magistrate Courts, and schools in the South West Khasi Hills District will be closed on the 18th June, 2021 (Monday), which is the “Shad Suk Mynsiem” of the Seng Khasi, South West Khasi Hills District.
It is surprising that on that day, the residents of the village did not dare to leave even after the Raid and Hima informed them that there may be something behind it. The State Government has not allocated any development projects in these areas and Assam has not allowed any development projects.
There are also 'khun tham' or khun jaitpdeh who steal all the income of their parents until they become very poor and even until the mother tham dies.
Today after the Mupyut Dorbar Shnong and the affected villages decided to allow the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) to dump garbage for three months in Mynkjai, the JMB has collected and removed all the garbage from Jowai.
“We will continue to have talks with various groups and if they say yes, we will stop,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
Jowai, Nailur 22: The Seiñ Raij Ialong today completed the Kñia Sapet Bneiñ (Sohpet Bneng) which has been held since 1990s. the time of the Longshwa Ancients.
The protest was also witnessed by various political parties from the state including KSU, HITO, GSU, FKJGP, HNYF, RBYF. Students' Union Shillong, Shillong Socio-Cultural Assamese Students' Association,Mizo Students' Union Shillong, Twipra Students' Federation Shillong, Arunachal Students Union Shillong, Mara Students' Organization and Ka Lai Students' Association.
From Kynton Massar, those who have resigned are M.Kharpuri President, E.Massar Vice President, RN Syiem Organizing Secretary, P Khyrim Treasurer and others.
The organizing committee has set up another match with Meghalaya (HK Singh) against Maharashtra and IPSC, which HK Singh will play on the 4th of April.
Lambor said that if Nongkrem is lucky enough to elect him, he will be able to become the CEM of KHADC. .
The scheme also has provisions related to health and safety which will be ensured for the public.
Of these lakhs of people, many have died suddenly just because they breathe in the smoke of others.
In the first leg, Lumpariat beat Mookynphad Mihmyntdu 3-2. Damehi Dkhar scored the goals in the 11th & 14th minutes and Chijuhlangki Dkhar in the 10th minute. the 50s.
Furthermore, the arseng together with the village headmen of Kutmadan where the woman lives and the village headmen of Saitsohpen where the incident happened together with Bah Titos Chyne CEM KHADC, left for the meeting. to demand that bail should not be granted and that the person guilty should be punished according to the law and should not be prosecuted under various provisions of the law.
Those selected from this tournament will represent India at the Youth World Championship & Asia Cup (Recurve, Compound) to be held at SAI NBA Haryana on July 23-24 this year.
We will still face challenges that we will still be guided by our own emotions.
Father Cresence Roy Laloo in his speech said that the Christian life is based on the Eucharist because it is in the Holy Eucharist that there is a living God and the Eucharist is the central theme of the Christian faith.
Shillong, November 22: About 100 children from poor families living in villages in North Shillong Constituency have been selected to receive assistance for them to continue their education. The Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) and the Mahila Morcha held a meeting at the BJP 17th North Shillong Mandal office on Friday.
Although he lost two wickets including one without catching a ball, Tati, who scored a half-century, won the Player-of-the-match award.
This was announced by the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh after a meeting of the North East Olympic Organizing Committee held at the Meghalaya Secretariat on Tuesday. state of the northeastern part of the country.
The lack of responsibility and lack of involvement of some Dorbar Shnongs on the day of the release of the people to prevent the crowds from gathering in places to buy food items has caused a lot of trouble. the hard work of the State Government.
After Teilinia raised the issue, HSPDP MDC from Sohryngkham constituency Pyniaid Sing Syiem stood up to take part first. Sawkmie, who was sitting next to the CEM, stood up to speak on the matter, but at that time, CEM Pynshngaiñ stood up to stop Bah Process. He said that according to the rules, the members of the Executive Committee are not allowed to take part but they can answer or explain the wishes of the members of the House.
“The surprising thing is that when there is a Coordination Committee, no one says anything.
If we need to bring about improvement in society, let me be the change and a good example.
The first branch of the Bank was located at Iawmusiang, Jowai and started operating fully on 10 July
From those years until now, we cannot say – “That is near” because now we see that it has come soon and that the prophecies of this book will be fulfilled.
The BSF said that on Tuesday after receiving a tip and in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police, they conducted a shrip raid at Silbari village, South Garo Hills. cows hidden inside the forest for smuggling into Bangladesh were seized.
The kickboxing students of the Meghalaya School of Martial Arts (MSMA) have once again won the National Kickboxing Championship held in Dehradun, Uttarakhand. up to 8 Ksiar medals.
The CLF Ki Kjatsngi Jingkyrmen Cluster Level Federation was established on 7th November, 2020 with the aim of promoting health, sustainable income, good food and drink, education and education, economic development, fighting against social evils, empowering women and preserving the environment which are also the goals of the CLF. 5 Village Organizations including 61 SHGs but over the years the CLF has grown in activities and has been able to cover more and more VOs and SHGs.
Meanwhile, Assam police have been on duty on the other side of the hill to avoid any incident.
The welcome speech was delivered by Samla Pynhun Shulet President HNYM.
Speaking to reporters, the Principal of the training centre, Kong MB Khongwir, said that the training center was established by the missionaries from the West and how it has grown to become a as it is now in its 150 years of service.
Khliehiongriang won 4-2 goals, Same Dkhar scored two goals for the team in the 50th & 90+1 minutes, followed by Arwan Dkhar in the 20th minute. 73 and Founder Passah in the 79th minute.
Shillong: The National Students' Union of India (NSUI), Meghalaya, as part of the celebration of Children's Day and the birth anniversary of the first Prime Minister of the country, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, has launched a public ceremony. The book titled 'Career Roadmaps' which aims to guide the students of the state to choose higher education and training in their lives, in the presence of Mawsynram MLA, u At this meeting, Bah HM Shangpliang praised the NSUI for taking the initiative to release such a book. He said that this book will be a light to guide the students in this age of knowledge.
The two seriously injured were identified as Nobo Hajong and Bishwajeet Saha.
Bah Bless said that there are about 4-5 national parties but no one else can unite to talk about the issues and problems of the jaibynriew because they all want to be leaders.
Shillong: Police have received information that some people have been showing videos in order to create differences and opposition in many ways.
“Politics in KHADC is without any party because MDCs can join and leave parties as they wish,” said Prestone.
Shillong, July 17: The Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB) today discussed the need for the state government and the three district councils to share their share of funds. small and large products alike.
Bah Nongtnger said that the STP will continue to check all the vehicles and 2 wheelers that have been equipped with illegal smokestacks.
“The Union has suggested to the State Government to increase the salary without setting any price and the Union has allowed the Government to think how much the salary will be. “But according to the world situation, the group will demand about T.9,000 per month so that the ASHA workers can survive on T.300 a day,” she said.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has launched an indefinite strike by seizing and returning about 30 trucks carrying goods belonging to foreign mining factories.
In the innings, Meghalaya tied well from the start of the innings with Raj Biswa scoring 21 runs from 21 balls and Nakul Verma 23 runs from 21 balls.
He said that the pressure to speak Hindi in the state cannot be accepted.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 4: The FKJGP Mawshynrut Circle led by its President Teilang Nongkseh and General Secretary Evening Myrthong together with several members of the circle, have met with the EE (PWD Road) regarding the damage to the road. The road from Riangdo to Thaiem is very long.
The EJNC on the 21st of this month under the leadership of Shanborlang Bamon, General Secretary, EJNC Khliehriat, visited the chicken farm of Vesper and found that the chicken houses were full of chickens. and many of the cattle died.
This rice is also planted from March to the end of May, and harvested from December-January.
The idea that unity is the power of life does not come true in our minds.
It was therefore banned from 48 hours before polling day.
In the incident, a government vehicle worth T.10 lakh was damaged.
On the other hand, the CM said that the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) has set up the authorities to provide immediate information on the air quality on a daily basis.
Shillong, November 08: U Rocky Hek, candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) for the 2023 Legislative Assembly election from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, on Tuesday said that he accepts that AL Hek, the current MLA of the constituency, is his own son although he has already said that Bah Rocky is not his brother-in-law.
In the Umtyrnga area of ​​Ri Bhoi District, there are many villages where the people want to stay in Meghalaya, despite the many problems they face such as the road, the The roads and the people living in this area are very poor.
Referring to the quality and enthusiasm, u Bah Metbah said, “The school should not only produce happy students but should produce happy students as the name of the school demands. can bring honor to the school and the state as a whole”.
The robbers were all from the Rabha community, and there were 23 of them but most of them were children under the age of
“As the party leaders, we will sit down and take a decision on this issue,” said VPP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit. He won the election from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Umiam, today, received 4.5mm of rainfall, while today, it received only 0.5mm.
After receiving the complaint, the police have registered an FIR and arrested four suspects involved in the crime.
“It is interesting that in the month of June 2022, from the 1st of June, 10 villages have been surveyed. Maw, Shaid Shaid Umoid, Sohkhyllam and Umjaraiñ,” said Bah Wantei.
“In this age, education is a powerful weapon to eradicate poverty, ignorance and backwardness which are the chains and shackles of the country and the nation,” said Bah Macmillan Byrsat.
The River Rejuvenation Committee was set up on 24.01.2019 to clean up these rivers.
Donald Thabah said that the implementation of the UCC will affect these customs and traditions, which may disappear in the region.
The Meghalaya Scouts and Guides, West Jaintia Hills on Thursday celebrated its 73rd Foundation Day in Jowai.
However, Pale managed to score the first goal for Langsning in the 22nd minute.
The Millet Recipe Contest started at Mawkamoit Mawthadraishan Block on 3rd November 2023 followed by Mawduh Nongstoin Block on 4th November 2023 and 10th November 2023 at Langtorw Village near Rangblang Block.
Many of them have been threatened that if they do not leave these villages, the Forest Department in Assam will take action against them.
In other parties, the post of Chairman is easy but in the HNLC it is the most difficult, that is why I myself am not willing to nominate Chairman,” he said.
The Court has exposed the illegal mining of coal after the inspection of Chief Justice Sanjib Barnerjee, Justice HS Thangkhiew and Justice W Diengdoh to Khliehriat and other places last month.
Referring to the statement by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong that the government is firm on the ground that it will not discuss anything on the demand for change in the Reservation Policy, Bah Ardent said that the party hopes. that the government will have to listen to the demands of the majority of the people, no matter how much they protest.
Although the reason for his resignation is unknown, sources close to him said it is because the post of Parliamentary Secretary is not in the definition of the Constitution. Ri and therefore, this is an illegal activity.
Meanwhile, in Chattisgarh, one of the states ruled by the Indian National Congress, Christians have been attacked. stay in other safe places such as churches.
Regarding the refugees, from Laitlarem village, the house that collapsed in the earthquake at about 10 pm is the family of Bah Nikstanlang Jyrwa (36) and Kessfulda Kharmyndai. (36) and there were seven of them in the house.
and blessed is he that thou shalt live alone, and shalt be alone, without a husband, without children.
"This shows that Joseph's journey of sorrow lasted for thousands of years.
“I have been an SP in West Khasi Hills for three years and I know well about Shahlang.
On the other hand, if it is not available, it will be a loss for the students of the area where it is the time of examinations. Light is very difficult, of course there are lights like candles, torch-lights and others but it is different if there is no light or electricity.
Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice, and shall come forth" John 5:2
“The government has recently released T.47 crore to college teachers, how can our share of only T.3 crore not be enough,” he said. Executive Officer of SMB but could not be reached.
As part of the International Water Conclave 2024, the office of the Deputy Commissioner South West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Department of Arts and Culture, Shillong and the Department of Water Resource, Shillong, organized the District Level Painting Competition on the theme “Water, Life and Future” at the Hall of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District.
He was speaking at the inauguration ceremony of the garbage truck donated by the KHADC at Pokseh.
If they are old or infirm, they should be sent to rest and this is appropriate.
According to the State Disaster Management Authority, 11 districts have been affected.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of EKHLTWA, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa said that they have already submitted a petition to the government through the Meghalaya Transport Department to take the necessary action in this regard. commercial taxi stands in the city.
Kyrshan Blah said that it is necessary to have a proper license for drivers, because “When we go to another district we have to provide documents, why not in our district? we don't find it possible to do and provide".
I have written letters to 10 Chief Ministers of 10 States and to the Prime Minister on this issue”.
There is no color in the sky.
Shillong, November 9: In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the Jowai Dorbar, A.Lywait, the Executive Committee of the Jowai Dorbar Dong has held a meeting on the 29th of this month. Last month, the Dorbar decided not to pass the Meghalaya Regulation of Tenants Bill 2013, saying that the Bill speaks only of the landlord and the tenant.
Shillong: Shillong: Shillong: The cold weather continues today.
He urged all the citizens of the state to come forward and take part in this great day of the country.
Amit Shah has waited two days for the Chief Minister to meet him and has also called for a 12 noon meeting with the Chief Minister and the state leaders.
Let us now turn to their vision and mission.
The reason is that without these hill state candidates, those who are now in power would not have been able to sit in the seats they are now in or would not have been able to rule peacefully as they are now.
She said that people cannot just use fruits and vegetables for food but the ability to convert them into juice or wine has helped them not to waste them and sell them to other parts of the country. different parts of the state and the country as a whole.
The court was informed that the government and the SMB have developed the rules in collaboration with the Cantonment Board.
“Secondly, the failure is on the part of the District Council which has not looked after the documents since 1949 or 50, when the United Khasi Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council was established. “It's not like Assam is going to lose its makha,” he added.
In another tragic incident, a woman has lost her life in Jashiar village.
As the Party, we are saddened to hear that the Assam Police have raided the electricity posts, which the Meghalaya government through the Electricity Department, has planned to distribute electricity to the village. , which is also one of the border villages in Ri Bhoi, which falls under the Raid Marwet and Hima Mylliem.
Bear, 46, is a Chief Scout, his wife Shara, 46, is a writer and they have three children, Jesse, 17, Marmaduke, 14, and Huckleberry, They lived on an island on the Welsh coast.
It is on this basis that the Seng stands united to give its full support to the Joint Action Committee of All Teachers' Association (JACATAM) and at the same time urges Minister Laloo to listen to them, he said. Shillong, Nailur 18: The Unitarian Church today celebrated its 126th Anniversary at Laban Church, Shillong.
He said that the union strongly condemns the government's lack of attention to provide an ambulance at the hospital.
On the other hand, the NPP Khliehriat Block has congratulated Helping Phawa for leading these people to join the party.
When they were sworn in, Louis said, "Kim, you promise to be Mark's friend," to which she replied, "Yes, I promise.
He also recalled the marches held in Districts and Shillong to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India and said the struggles were successful because the government took the initiative to pass the resolution. to recognize the Khasi language and sent it to the Central Government.
He said that they should work honestly, smartly and with spirit.
Shillong, 15th Naiwieng: On the 14th of November 2013, a walk was held around Shillong to mark the World Diabetes Day.
“On Friday, the DTO of East Garo Hills, Genekelly G. Momin, was arrested by the Assam Police for allegedly forging documents of stolen vehicles.
You have been charged with this or that or you have been charged with something else for this reason.
Although the residents of the North East are people who like to use their own clothes, there is still a problem in marketing them.
Up to 84 households in the village have received assistance.
The Congress candidate from Pynursla, Bah Nehru Suting, on 3rd June, on Tuesday called the present Congress party in the state a new and unsinkable Titanic.
When asked whether the robbers had given him food, he replied that the food had been bought from the shop and brought to the ship. He was asked what kind of food they had given him. “They gave me food, jhur, fish, delicious food, I ate without worrying because I didn't feel useful to think about my family, I thought I was dead,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, the president of MCCLEU, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, said that the management has not paid the old salary of the months from April 2015 to October 2016 and also the overtime allowance. over time from 2013 to
Hima Sana was elected as the Symbud Waheh Shnong, Ma T Sana as the Secretary, Ma D Kyndait as the Assistant Secretary and Ma Phool Kyndait as the Chairman.
Revelation 3:1
On the other hand, the union has warned that from now on, they should know how to respect the holidays which are the special days of the state as a whole.
Up to seven people have been killed and two seriously injured in the firing by Assam Police on the morning of 22nd November 2022 at Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills.
Kharkrang said 18.75 per cent of those arrested as drug users are illiterate and 37.50 per cent are part-time school dropouts.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said the State has implemented the allocation of funds in the right manner for various projects and schemes.
At the same time, the MLA of the area, Bah D.Jyndiang, said that he strongly opposes the setting up of a BSF camp in the village. which lives in peace and crime is still being controlled by the police.
Conrad Sangma, who is also the NPP MP from Tura Parliamentary Constituency, said the party will soon set up a Vision Document Committee which will serve as a promise for the party to set targets for
The relatives of Bah Khielangstar after finding out about the incident, took him to Sohiong CHC. The CHC rushed the victim to Civil Hospital Shillong at 7 pm on the 6th of this month.
Before distributing these food items to these families, a speech of thanks and a short prayer was delivered by the Chairman of Tpep Swer Village, TBn.
Addressing the problems faced by young people with changes from time to time.
Rebeldalis scored 30 runs off 39 balls.
Jowai, July 18: Police in West Jaintia Hills District have been shocked after the court granted bail to one of the suspected leaders of a gang of ATM robbers in the state. was arrested yesterday at midnight.
Laskar met with DD Lapang, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) today. Laskar also suggested to include some issues in the report. of the committee.
There will be many lawsuits, many objections and many allegations on this issue because it is a border dispute,” he said.
He said that he did not intend to contest the election but it was through the meeting of Bah Prestone Tynsong and Conrad Sangma that he remembered that the people of Sohra would always ask about the district and so he took advantage. If you don't have a district, you won't be able to contest.
Malki SC scored the first goal through Marchsterfield Marbaniang in the 86th minute but Mawlai SC couldn't turn the tide. you won.
Others who attended included Rtn EF Gatphoh, Charter President, Rtn.
The BSF troops rushed the tractor driver to Silchar Medical College for treatment in a BSF ambulance.
The theme to stay with users “Har Qadam, Har Waqt”, Eicher has invested funds to address the challenges faced by all these people and has taken the lead in bringing them ways to solve problems through the installation of services that users can learn about problems through service centers located in other areas known as 'remote' and ' predictive diagnostic' where people can get these services from Uptime Centers 24 hours a day or 24X7
The residents of this area go to the market in Langpih which is very central and many go to Boko and Nongstoin market to buy and sell their produce.
About 300 farmers from Khasi and Jaintia Hills District have attended the meeting organized by the IBDLP and the Hills Farmers Union (HFU).
Shillong: St Anthony's College Shillong beat St Edmund's College Shillong 28-05 in the 2019 Women's Basketball Championship 2019 today.
Nongrim Hills beat Board President XI (Malki) 5-0 in the first leg of the tournament. which was held on the second day of the month at Mawkynjoin Laitkseh Stadium.
We understand why MR wants to show that the work is long and complicated because it is not.
Although it has not been confirmed, many suspect that the increase in drug users has increased theft in the state.
At present, the NPP has MLAs in Meghalaya, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland.
Earlier, Kim was married to Damon Thomas from 2000 to
Speaking to reporters, Maxwell Syiem, Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills, said the incident took place in Ranikor, but he could not confirm when the incident happened.
One of the deceased was identified as Grindar T Sangma, 25, of Samanda Metapgre, a former member of the ANVC (B). They were searched by the police of William.
Before this, we will visit the border dispute areas at the end of July or early May, together with the Prime Ministers,” he added.
“The CM has inaugurated the Rafting Project at Umtham in November
The President of the KSU also slammed the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District who has proposed to send police to the border to protect the people from being harassed by the NFR. in the Karbi rebels.
If you keep denying him, it's a matter of time before another woman takes over that duty.
Not only that, the Acting Syiem together with the participants of the Dorbar also took several decisions to implement and abolish the issue of Syiem Nangtei Sing Syiem in In 2015, only the Ministers, Lyngdohs, Sordar Shnongs, Secretary Shnongs and Deputy Syiems attended the Dorbar Pyllun of the Hima. to find the lost money of up to Rs 15 crore, to find the documents of the Hima or the Dulir of the Hima and others.
Therefore, due to the restrictions of the government authorities, it was necessary to prevent the climbing of this sacred mountain. The first one was allowed to have only about 100 members, this has created a problem for the Seng, how can this work be accomplished, even if it is as it is, the religion itself should not be left behind.
“They cannot do the same here in Meghalaya as they did in Arunachal Pradesh,” he said.
The JSU has admitted that many lives have been lost since the 108 service was stopped in the area, and demanded that the government should bring back the 108 vehicle in War Jaintia.
It is to be recalled that Bah Cherist was shot dead at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar on the morning of 13th July.
In 2022, there were more than 115.7 million border crossings between China and other countries.
Because if we read from the Word of God in the book of Deuteronomy chapter 16:19 and verse 20 which says that you shall not judge unjustly, you shall not show partiality, you shall not take advantage of corruption. it blinds the eyes of the wise, and perverts the work of the righteous.
Not only did they hate the teachers but they also harassed them by harassing and delaying their salaries until they slept all night on Secretariat Road and even shot lyer pynsat in the face of the teachers. pleats.
All these 1041 CDPOs have not benefited in these years when they were entitled to the CAG. The CDPOs, while receiving the CAG's findings, said that they will try their best to resolve this issue especially to These are the bank accounts of the beneficiaries of the scheme.
The doctors at the hospital include Medicine, Paediatrician, Surgery and ENT. The Out Patient Department (OPD) which includes ECG, Endoscopy, X-ray, Ultra Sound (Scanning) and Laboratory will be open from the 16th. in November, according to a hospital report.
“I cannot give my opinion on the ILP, even if the majority of the people want the ILP. I cannot understand how the ILP will help the people of Meghalaya.
The KSU also demanded that the Syiem should immediately stop the issuance of land titles to non-Khasis in the Hima Bhowal and that the Hima should not allow non-Khasis to build new villages. within the Hima Bhowal because as it is now, non-Khasi people have settled well within the Hima Bhowal.
Marak informed me last night that T.59 crore has been allocated by BEAMS,” said MSSASA President Aristotle Rymbai.
This has angered the residents of the village, in fact the society has spent money on PWD roads without informing the villages, this shows that there is something behind just spending the money of the people.
This spirit has been in him since the last election when he went to campaign across the country through the “Clean Politics Campaign”.
government.
The meeting unanimously decided to start the same program in Jowai and elected SK Lato as President, Arwotki Sumer as Vice President, HH Mohrmen as Vice President. Secretary and Rudolph A. Laloo as Assistant Secretary.
After this comes the 1000 years, the time to bind Satan and imprison him, and the time for Jesus Christ to rule for 1000 years here on earth.
After a long delay, the police had initially planned to release these people from Assam, but later they were released after the union demanded that they should be taken to Polo COVID screening. center to test, and to quarantine.
“The AITCs have turned the issue of border demarcation into politics and mislead the people but I want to tell you that the voters are not stupid these days they understand and see the facts and let us “It will be seen in 2023,” said the Principal Secretary.
The Mawlai MDC said that the allegation by Bah Adelbert that KHNAM supports the PDF, not Bah Process, is just a joke because earlier it was insulted and slandered. PDF with you.
Shillong: “There have been Congress MLAs who have come to meet me, but they need enough people to join the BJP, so that they can escape from being expelled,” said Alexander Laloo Hek, MLA. The BJP has said in the newspapers today.
In this step, the advice of nutrition expert and health teacher, Ryan Fernando was used to provide a plan on what foods are safe to eat that are adapted to the age and interests of people.
I agree with the factual findings of this nuclear scientist because I have personally visited Nalgonda district and talked to the people there.
Nongpoh: U Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati Constituency, on Thursday visited several Quarantine Centers in Umwieh Snieh Village, Shilliang Umdoh. , Central Mawhati, Jatah, Lumniwar, Laitshiar, Umsohlait and Sonidan.
Meanwhile, Jarain and Mynthning SC have not been able to score anything after continuing to win.
On Tuesday, the CoMSO has met with the Governor of Meghalaya to discuss the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state and to request the Governor to grant permission. to implement the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (Amendment) Bill
Two days ago, an 8-year-old child from the same village was abducted but released after four days of abduction. They investigated but did not get any information because the relatives did not tell.
The VPP has said that it does not want to discuss the Roster without first discussing the Reservation Policy.
He said that so far, 6 persons who were under quarantine at Bethany Hospital have been discharged, while 2 persons who were admitted to Civil Hospital, Shillong have been discharged. Two persons who have recovered from the disease are still in the quarantine centers at Matti, Mawdiangdiang. You will be quarantined for 28 days.
Whether you know the truth or you are just trying to mislead the people for political gain,” the BJP said to Dr Mukul.
On Sonia Gandhi's speech at an election campaign rally in Gujarat which acknowledged that everything India is today is through the responsibility of the Congress, Ramdev said it is the responsibility of the Congress. the wrong leaders who have destroyed the country.
