We are not all equal especially in terms of income or income.
The Dorbar Shnong has requested all the neighbors to work together to fight and prevent the spread of COVID-1
There was a slight rain.
Police have recovered 10 boxes of heroin soap weighing 9.65 grams, 84 small plastic tubes, 26 injection needles, 14 empty golden tins and T.5920 thousand. .
The Controller Auditor General (CAG) has said that the Meghalaya government has had to return the money to the central government because it cannot be used in the state.
Certificates were distributed by Bah A.Malngiang, General Manager, DCIC Jowai who was also the Chief Guest. Distribute sewing and embroidery kits to trainees which are start up tools for them.
Preparations for the tournament will be held from 6th to 15th March at Mendipathar, North Garo Hills.
Bah Adelbert said that how can this house, which is in charge of the house, not be able to stand even if there is an earthquake, but why does it collapse even if there is no earthquake? Well Adelbert.
The Laban MLA said that he had said that Ardent's remarks had surprised many churches. “My position is clear that I don't care if MUDA implements the building Bye. “It should not cross the border to the Schedule Area,” said Sanbor.
The pastor said he suspected that the incident may have been caused by an electrical fault.
Shillong (PIB): The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has urged all the people of the country to turn their social media DPs into the flag of India to mark the Har Ghar Tiranga.
About 1000 people attended the funeral and when they were tested, 50 of them were found to have the disease.
There are 1.8 lakh 10,000 copies at a total cost of T.18 crore, 6.34 lakh 500 copies at a total cost of T.31.7 crore and a total cost of T.50 crore.
Ma Marsan said that this raid will continue in the households of foreigners living within the boundary of the village.
However, at this time, who cares whether the people have been comfortable in traveling and whether they have forgotten the suffering in traveling in the past.
At the rally, which was held at Umwieh Snieh, Mawhati, it was seen that besides the presence of thousands of people who followed the Longkmie, it was also seen that there were many other leaders. from Mawhati, who were present and who have decided to support Iva Kharbani in the upcoming elections and also to win with honor.
The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh Jowai on Saturday.
There are tens of thousands of vehicles coming from other districts.
It may be recalled that the BJP has won the majority after the results of the 2014 MP elections in which it has won 282 MPs while the Congress has won only 44 MPs.
Let us pray together, let him get Heaven, because it is not in the hands of the people, while the election is in the hands of the people, the people will decide first in the world Nongkrem Constituency.
The Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium at Lachumiere is a sacred and special place in the history of Badminton in the State.
Shillong, Lber 7: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Central Body has lodged a complaint with the Chairman and Managing Director of MeECL and the Director of Corporate Affairs of MeECL regarding the excessive increase in electricity bill. they complained and found it difficult to pay.
Those who are in the Government are puf ronsing/turoi those who have already done.
At the same time, the Minister informed that the government will send a survey to those land dealers and proceed with the work as scheduled.
Here again we see that God “destroys kings like King Saul of old, who did not obey the commandments of God”.
“We belong to a family that has served this area for 20 years and our goal is to eradicate poverty.
Bah Shanbor bran went to Kali village and that friend also prepared his feet for his house.
He was pleased to see that about 85 percent of the voters turned out to vote in the last election and it is expected that in the MDC election it will reach more than 90 percent.
Because in the end, the sword and the spear cannot solve the problems, but when fighting with the mind, there is a way.
The sin and rebellion against the Lord, which the people of the world have committed, brings the wrath of God as it did Jonah.
It is worth mentioning that the site for the construction of the Traditional Market is an area of ​​about 5 acres and is located near Madan Kurkalang in Bhoirymbong. The Market Committee, wants to expedite the construction of the market, so that it will be of benefit to the people of the area as a whole, as this area is the center of Ri Bhoi Mihngi. .
The robbers, seeing the BSF, fled into the forest and left their clothes behind.
On the other hand, the Kur demanded that the Acting Syiem of Nongspung Hima should apologize to the Jyrwa Kur and immediately re-appoint H.Rosiland Jyrwa as the Lyngdoh of Muluk Lawkhla, Nongspung Hima. If this is not possible, the Jyrwa Kur will not allow the Acting Syiem of Khyntiew Syiemlieh to come to their Muluk or if he comes, he must first ask permission from the Jyrwa Kur. .
College Jowai at the Department of Transport.
The registration was opened by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek.
"“We also request the Government to take action on this incident as it appears in the media that the pictures of those people who spoke insultingly especially yesterday when they spoke I was in that place. .
The price for Sub-dealers is 97.99 tyngka per liter, for the residents of Nongstoin (Town Area) is 100.99 tyngka per liter and outside Nongstoin is 101.99 tyngka per litre.
These tin houses have burnt down because Phria is as big as a pela sha and even bigger,” said Kupbor.
Extreme foresight and understanding.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Kyrdemkulai has held a protest in front of the CAU Kyrdemkulai to protest against the transfer of CAU Kyrdemkulai to CoA by the Central Government.
The Chinese spokesman has from time to time claimed that the Pokhara International Airport was built under the BRI project. The allegation is false and Nepal has not affected or started implementation of the project since it was signed.
The seeds should be carefully maintained when harvesting so that they do not rot and rot later.
The Indian Meteorological Department said the cyclone will intensify in the next 24 hours and then after the next 12 hours.
Day Two will witness the distribution of ISAC Awards 2022 with a ceremony where 5 States/UTs and 31 special cities and 7 partner teams will receive the awards.
The lyrics say, “Your eyes have begun to open again, perhaps you didn't understand yourself” and “But your eyes have begun to open again.
Actually I know how to speak English but in constant embarrassment I don’t know how to express what I mean.
In addition, the festival was enriched by the performance of hundreds of 'Ding Kum'
Shillong, July 18: The opposition political parties have decided to attend a meeting to be held on 20th July to discuss the proposed amendment to the 6th Scheduled. Dr Mukul Sangma's state.
Two newly sworn ministers, NPP Mawhati MLA Daskhiat Lamare and HSPDP Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, have taken over the portfolios previously held by Comingone Ymbon and Samlin Malngiang.
Nickelson Bina, Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi and Donlad Diengdoh also scored goals while Marchsterfield Marbaniang scored 10 goals for Malki.
Nongpoh, July 28: One youth has lost his life and 11 others have been injured after a strong Pyrthat tied him at 1.50 pm this morning. day at Umroi Square, Ri Bhoi District.
He said that a scheme of T.10 lakh which came through the state government has been lost in Mawsynram Block because there are no Self Help Groups with enough land to implement this scheme.
Lydia, who was wearing a scarf, had to lift her dress higher.
Ri Bhoi from Group A won the toss and elected to bat first.
"In this area, SICPAC has an Art Gallery, Sky Theatre, Special Exhibitions Space, VIP seating, Auditorium Hall and screening area, VIP Banquet Hall, VIP Lounge, VIP Rest Room, Tribal Museum, Media Centre, Television & AV Studio, Library, Food Court and staff accommodation.
The NDPP has contested candidates from 40 constituencies while the BJP has contested candidates from 20 constituencies.
“It happened after 2 o’clock when we were all asleep.
“I am 45 years old, I have been overthrown by the government, I have been an opposition leader twice, if I want to earn money, why don't I run away at that time, because I earn more than that,” he said. Lapang while speaking to reporters.
During the inspection, the union found that up to 32 employees of the company did not have proper documents.
He also urged the voters not to get involved in money during the elections because money can cause trouble later. Pala confirmed that Emlang Laloo will be able to win the election. He is contesting as the MLA candidate from the Congress party from this constituency.
“However, the Dy CM said that he will not link these petrol bomb blasts with the recent arrest of KSU members on several murder incidents in Ichamati and Mawlai Mawroh. .
Shillong, Naiwieng, 29: The second round of border talks between Meghalaya and Assam to resolve seven border disputes has continued to cause stir and may take longer. The incident occurred on the 22nd of this month at Mukroh, said the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
The YMA leaders said that the Myanmar nationals had paid T.8,000 for an Aadhar Card.
Sangma said that on the 21st July, 2021, major programs will be held in Shillong and other parts of the state.
It supports efforts to enrich the Khasi language, and to recognize it under the Constitution of the country.
, Teibor Kharkylliang, Wanmiijuh Pajuh, Medonbanshan Kurkalang and Robindor Christian.
Sanbor Shullai also announced that this task has been handed over to the renowned Barrister of the State, Bah Raphael Warjri to train the durmat through the Union of Khasi Barbers, the Riti Academy. encourage the state residents especially the talented youth and Bah Raphael Warjri paved the way with a beautiful sculpture at the gates of Mattithaw and Deiriti; and the cost of the first phase is 40 Lakh Tyngka, in which the government department will provide the remaining phase until completion.
He also confessed that he received the gold from a woman who owns a market in Iewduh, Shillong.
The AJYWO Central Body has urged the Government of Meghalaya and the Dorbar Shnongs to surprise the people from the Easter Sunday bomb blast in Sri Lanka. oh thiah to monitor the entry and exit and illegal stay of foreigners in the villages and townships and also within the borders of the State as a whole so that the dangers can be avoided or protected. The State and the indigenous peoples are protected in many ways.
Several police teams have fought as hard as they can to prevent these Congress workers from leaving the historic Kangla Western Gate.
“We want to start with New Town and after that we will start in Salt Lake and other parts of Kolkata. " Khullar said in an interview with reporters.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he does not want to say anything on this issue, but the law exists and allows the law will do what is necessary.
At your age, I have been experiencing the same problem.
Behdeinkhlam is a ritual of the Pnars who still hold on to their traditional customs and it is believed that through this ritual the children of the raiot will be free from the diseases and also to improve the agriculture to avoid any evils in the country. Society is whether it is the forces of nature or man-made evils from alcohol, drugs and other evil deeds.
Shillong, October 3: U Bah Michael N Syiem, Convener of the Maitshaphrang Movement, today announced that he will sit alone tomorrow, October 4, which is also the opening day of the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly. the state.
In this regard, the party strongly condemns the Tripura government for using its powers against the Constitution of India and the party strongly condemns the shooting of Meetei people including three A student and a woman were shot dead by Manipur police in Imphal today.
South West Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, John Abraham said that what the government has done to open sports activities, music and dance for the youth is a good step. tremendous.
It is worth mentioning that in the first meeting of this federation, in July 2018, it was decided to form a federation with only five unions, but the hard work of the leaders has Up to 18 unions can now be formed.
Jowai, Jymmang 11: U Dr W Rymbai today explained the allegation that Madanbai Rymbai, Kitbok Rymbai and Emdor Rymbai were involved in fraud and forgery. of the Executive Committee without the knowledge of the people and the Dorbar Shnong, by forging the land title of the village in the name of Bah Madonbai and withdrawing the money from the burial fee. On the other hand, Dr W Ryngkhlem has clarified that he has no part in the collection and use of this village fund. As the Rangbah Shnong, he signed a letter only as an approval that MB Rymbai will withdraw the money with the intention that once the money is received, he will deliver it to the village to deposit it in the account of the village.
In the morning, Moderator Chibordon S.Shylla laid a wreath at the statue of the Founder of the Church Hajom Kissor Singh and hoisted the flag.
This is a work that benefits the people of the church.
“The government has not been able to provide protection, issue AK-47 licenses to the youth of the area to protect themselves and the people,” said Forward.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said that perhaps next month the Indian government will call the state government to discuss the ILP. Shah on this occasion, and the Union Minister said that he will call on the Meghalaya government in the coming days.
When asked whether the police have received information on how many coal traders there are in the state, the DGP said that the police are currently conducting a survey to find out the number of coal traders. they will have full disclosure.
Before the service, Sister Magdaline Sohtun gave an introduction to (L) Bishop Stephan Ferrando SDB.
The Tamil Nadu government has announced another curfew from 19th to 30th July 2020 in Chennai.
Briew needs to see himself.
Therefore, the public is invited to take part in these meetings, where the dates will be fixed by the various Deputy Commissioners and to get a law, which should immediately stop the influx of foreigners. .
Boris Johnson, the Prime Minister of England, is undergoing treatment at St Thomas' Hospital in London after being taken to St Thomas' Hospital last night. hi dalal.
Speaking at the meeting held at Congress Bhavan, Shillong, Bah Nehemaia, who will also be the Congress candidate from Mookaïaw in the 2013 MLA election, said that after the Assam Police, they cleaned up these They were arrested, bombed and beaten until their hands, feet and bodies were cut off.
According to these figures, the highest water level in June 2022 was in June 2022 as the water level rose to 3,185 feet and 3,186 feet respectively.
He was speaking a day after the NPP released its performance report by admitting that it has fulfilled its promises in
Dundee said that during this meeting, many issues affecting the life and death of the nation were discussed.
Speaking to reporters at his office, Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills M.Kharkrang, who was accompanied by SP (Crime) Vivek Syiem, said that the police have been investigating the incident. received a phone call that there was a body in the river, and they went hunting for the body.
" said the Father.
The Dorbar u Syiem will monitor this new regulation and if found guilty, it will punish according to the Environment (Protection) Act,
Speaking on the project in Mawlyndep, the Minister said that the work order has already been issued to the contractors and it is expected that they will complete it within 24 months. in 2026.
The Christian home can be likened to a school where parents are the main and wise teachers who cannot be replaced by anyone else, just as the Christian home should be. more than enough.
Shillong: Smit has won the Assam Rifles Invitational Football Cup after beating Assam Rifles 5-4 in the penalty shootout at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium. Stadium on Saturday of last week.
If we look closely at this, we can point out the hands of the indigenous people in the Khasi Jaintia Hills who have defeated the Garo people as a result of the recent elections.
He said that the children in Tamil Nadu are not only one family, but some of them are from one family and before them they had brothers and sisters in the state. .
“We have already released Rs 20.76 crore out of Rs 38.20 crore allocated for the project to the contractors for the construction of the project.
This is the darkness of the state and the nation.
Therefore, your office is requested to look into these issues and the need of the community to deploy full time staff in the sub centers for the needs of the residents.
Therefore, the Education Cell of the KSU, after the complaint of the residents, has requested the Deputy Commissioner of the KSU to provide assistance as soon as possible through the Disasters Relief Fund or any other scheme for this school so that the children do not miss school and write their examinations and to solve this problem in education in this village .
The Pastor said that these acts of violence should stop and the KJCLF calls upon the leaders and believers to stand against such acts of violence against their fellow human beings.
The seven-day shooting tournament was held from 4th to 8th March 2021 and was attended by shooters from Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Nagaland. services.
She saw that she had forgotten about the iong juti and the brut juti.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Michael N Syiem and Kong Agnes Kharshiing said that although the state government has passed the Lokayukta Act, it has not yet appointed the chairperson and members of the Lokayukta. central government.
Therefore, in connection with this incident, the village strongly condemns those involved and at the same time the village urges the law enforcement agencies to conduct a thorough investigation to find out all those involved and to impose on them the penalties in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
There are about 12 Catholic MLAs out of 21 BJP MLAs in the 40-member Assembly.
“We demand that the BSF should be expelled, because as a high school we don't need them to stay temporarily or permanently but it is a school,” said Kharshandi.
The reason why Meghalaya has told Assam that the land in Block I and Block II near Khanduli is still within our State but has been temporarily transferred to Karbi Anglong district. of Assam.
In the past few days, many of the beneficiaries of the scheme have come forward to complain that the Ministry of Labor has not implemented the scheme properly. shikatdei is the babun church.
In the double shooting competition, Dapsming Kynjin and Budlangki Lakiang from Panaliar won the first prize while Baitmi Shylla and Hauni Kynjing from Panaliar won the second prize.
Thus, with the instigation of the RSS under the leadership of Mohan Singh Bhagwat Sarsanghchalak, it was seen that Narendra Modi forcibly removed the beautiful Christian song “Stay with me, Lord of the sun”. Abide with me" (Abide with me) where the founders of the Constitution of the country such as Dr. Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar, Mahatma Gandhi, Dr Rajendra Prasad, Benegal Narsing Rau, B Pattabhi Sitaramayya and others of the army together with the President of the country three days after the celebration of Republic Day.
“We have received phone calls from many volunteers about the number of people gathered at the polling station.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah G Lyngdoh in his speech said that all the groups and organizations want to get the land which belongs to the government.
The AAP is a newly formed party in the last few years.
He said the party does not agree that a person who holds the post of prime minister should shift the responsibility to others just to save himself.
The management has held a discussion on this and has decided that the employees will no longer receive Special Duty and Transport Allowances and will receive the salary of the 7th CPC after three years of implementation. The school has been increased by 50% and 10% per annum respectively.
The KSU wishes this youngster all the best in her sports career and also wishes her a successful journey to the SAI Training Centre, Shillong and also to work harder.
During the workshop, MLHPs were trained as State Maternal Health Experts.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, HPF leaders including Bah Apbor Nongrum and Bah Kronding Nongbsap, expressed their concern over the condition of the bridge. for the people who use this bridge and the Shillong Bypass.
Bora was reportedly unharmed.
On the other hand, Riwaka Tangsong, who won the 10th position, said that perseverance is what can lead to the goal and said that although she doesn't have any idea that she will win the title. but from childhood to adulthood, she had a spirit of perseverance and hard work in the book.
The Seng Samla and Sport Club have also lodged a complaint with the leaders of these three organizations, on the grounds that they are against the opening of the Toll Gate by the NHAI, as the government has not yet been able to pay. The NHAI has not been able to build even the footpath for the construction of the toll plaza at 20Mer. “There is no place for the people and especially the school children to walk,” said the leaders.
In the rural areas, the government has allocated about 75 percent of the residents to receive rice and 50 percent has been allocated for the urban population.
“I will also condemn any national party or regional party that cannot raise these issues for even 2 minutes. The TMC to convey in the Rajya Sabha is not our job because we have ties with Meghalaya but it is our duty to raise these major issues in Meghalaya and the North East. ", he added further.
Badon Sing Tham, a marathon runner, has won the first place in the Goal India Limited Guwahati Half Marathon held on the 3rd of this month. This month in Guwahati.
“However, they should understand that their own income doesn't matter if the children of the Himas live in poverty and are harassed from time to time by the Assam authorities,” he said.
He said that we should take action and take part actively when there are such trainings and he said that we are fortunate that there are such youths who are willing to carry and work for their welfare. “It is not easy to do these jobs because there is no payment and you have to spend from your own pocket to do these jobs,” he added.
In the Sub-Junior Cadet Boys (27kg) category, Sammarbiang Kharsahnoh won the second prize and Daomanmi Mynsong won the second prize.
Elections are the work of the people, and it is for this reason that it has brought about a stir and a struggle for the better.
The KSU has expressed its surprise at this mismanagement of the nurses and this stingy counting could lead to a tragic incident, if there is no nurse who knows how to give birth.
The matches to be played on the 7th are: Tynrai vs Tyllilang Basketball Academy – 9 am and Eastern Pirates vs Touchline Basketball Academy – 10 am.
KHNAM has submitted a petition to the Minister of Urban Affairs regarding the water supply through the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
The village council requests all the villagers to come together on this day, in order to bring together and recognize each other even though they are outside their home village.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshnganlang N Syiem, said that the Council will resolve the shortcomings mentioned by the government recently.
M.Dkhar, Ph.D.
Every year, only a few hundred or thousand government employees retire, and it is not easy to employ tens of thousands of educated youth.
In 1981 he was elected President of the KSU until
Four districts of South Garo Hills, South West Garo Hills, North Garo Hills and South West Khasi Hills have not reported any cases for several days.
Jowai: The KSU Laskeiñ Circle on Tuesday inspected the electricity bill at Iooksi West Jaintia Hills, on 6th June 2019, and found many irregularities in the electricity bill construction method of MeECL. , found that some people had already paid in the past months, but came back with an outstanding bill.
“Do away with sub – tribe Reservation as every Sub – Tribe is having equal rights under Reservation Policy.
The District Administration in Bangladesh has issued an order that the Khasi residents of Nahar Punji must leave before July 12 and threatened to use force if they do not leave.
Furthermore, all farms have been closed in the area and those who still have farms have been ordered to auction them before 31st June
Therefore, we urge the MLAs, MDCs, Rangbah Shnongs, Youth Organisations, Seng Longkmie and all the residents of Shillong to oppose this proposal to install Smart Meters in this manner as it is. Now because it will affect us the users of MeECL. Thank you.
Luke 18:1-7.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93387 out of which 91593 have recovered and 1573 have died.
Speaking to reporters, SP (City) Bah Vivek Syiem said that police have rushed to the scene of the murder today and under the leadership of Jana, the police have rushed to the scene of the murder. find the knife he used to cut or shave the beards of his sons.
One of the main themes of the series is the role of women and indigenous people who fought against the mynder for freedom.
When inquired, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the department is still collecting information and seeking documents.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone Tynsong said that St Paul Marbisu School has become equal to other schools in Shillong and this has been witnessed by the success of one student from this school in the Matric examination. the dep.
Another issue is the lack of drinking water, where they have to fetch water from the streams near the village and this is very difficult for the residents.
“The reason why I came forward is to serve with integrity after receiving the Clean Political Campaign from Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit,” said Bah Ryntathiang.
Kharjahrin said the KHADC has admitted that there are about 3700 Dkhars and the KHADC has demanded that the KHADC should make a record or data to collect the count of all the foreigners who live in Dkhar. and they shall do their business.
There is no ring of men to become rich.
The incident happened at 3 pm, when the vehicle carrying the Kha Bsein, was on its way to Guwahati, when it suddenly overturned. The place and which caused these Kha Bsein to fall on the road.
He also appealed to the parents to urge their children to refrain from unpleasant speech which can affect their personal life and the family.
Coach Thangboi Singto said, “He always has a smile on his face.
Farmers' demand Many farmers especially those in Punjab and Haryana are fighting to demand from the Central Government, the BJP-led NDA government, to bring back the MSP (Minimum Support Price). one part to protect them from low income.
General Secretary HYC.Sohiong Circle.
He said that it is not easy to move forward and urged the winners to continue to work hard to bring fame and glory to their school and even to themselves.
However, after the hearing, the Court Master informed that Justice Katakey had submitted the 19th report to the High Court.
The incident occurred on the 22nd of this month.
The 165-metre RCC bridge on the Umngot River will also replace the existing bridge built by the British Government in in the year
Janardan Gogoi is one of the Congress leaders who has joined the ULFA (I).
“Those involved in this crime should be arrested and punished by the law,” the statement said.
The recent unity within the NEPP in Gauhati has led to the end of the national parties and the NEDA, Allantry said.
Of these, 390 cases include 19 cases in East Garo Hills, 8 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 134 cases in East Khasi Hills.
Yesterday, the union witnessed that a person who came from 8 pm to 11 pm could not get a doctor and this is the negligence of the doctors and this has affected shaba palat inside this area.
The scene of the incident is about 15 km from Shallang PS, and after the heavy shooting, police conducted a search operation at the scene and found a body. was lying lyngktar with a gun confiscated by the police.
He said that the number of members in these two parties is equal and there are members who are members of both parties.
The purpose of this campaign is to re-enroll older girls at this age according to the implementation of education systems.
“I am happy that in Meghalaya the TMC has intelligent leaders and we will leave it to the Meghalaya TMC to decide on the candidates,” she said.
The PDF was formed in 2017 and won four seats in the 2018 MLA elections.
This flower “KyllangSynrai” is a beautiful flower in the forest at the foot of LumKyllang, only when the harvest season comes every year.
From the womb of this woman, 121 people were born.
The vehicle was parked on the road to Lawsohtun Block IV near the Ice Factory.
“EPIC, Aadhar card, PAN card, ration card and passport cannot prove that we are Indian citizens.
Regarding the desire to amend the Sixth Schedule, it has been since 1954 when Captain WA Sangma became the first CEM of GHADC in 1954 and the desire came back in Para 12 (A) is still in force in Meghalaya.
To do so, it was also proposed to amend the Third Schedule of the 1955 Act.
The fighting between the two groups has now stopped but the search operation continues.
The HWDO fully supports this public meeting to condemn these bloodthirsty robbers.
Along with job-related courses, the courses also include various sections such as “Management Learning,” “Chanakya Arthashastra,” “Management, and Liberal Arts,” “Wisdom Leadership: East-West Perspectives and Practices," and “Music, Aesthesis, and Communication for Excellence," among others.
Jowai, Jymmang 9: The lightning and cold weather have damaged houses, television stations, electrical signs and crops.
Cleanliness is also essential especially to clean up the rivers which have become dry and others which have started to turn bih across the State.
I request the Executive Committee to look into this matter,” said Bah Titos.
We also want to know how he was allowed to prescribe Allopathic medicine and how he can work as a full time doctor.
Rai said that under the Citizenship Act, 1955 and the National Register of Indian Citizens, there is no requirement to set up detention centres.
On the other hand, Bah Kharsyntiew congratulated Sumie Laloo – BJP National Executive Member & Female incharge, Unis Khyriem – State Vice President Mahila, Bhagwati Geonka – Senior BJP Member & Seaso ned politician, the Rangbah Shnong of Oakland & Bivar Road JK Das, all the members of the Oakland & Bivar Rd Welfare Committee and especially all the members of the polling booth and the Mahila Team for their hard work in holding a successful meeting. despite the chill of this November evening.
There is a video, which was recorded on the incident, which was released on 30th July 2022 and it is on this video, that the Lilong Police, have taken over the investigation and will arrest the three suspects. yesterday.
Another said that it is to show those who think that the VPP has not reached anywhere.
The KSU should send this statement to the state government to immediately convene a special session to discuss and resolve the shortcomings and to approve once again the decision. more.
“It has never happened that there has been a government or government ministers who have said that Block I and Block II no longer belong to Meghalaya except the current Symbud Myntri Rangbah who is also your MLA who has said so. .
Sohra also set a new record of 972 mm rainfall in 24 hours, the third time in 122 years that Sohra has set a record.
The National Party leaders said that in 2008, although the NCP won more seats than the UDP, the leadership of the government was handed over to the UDP where (L)Dr. Donkupar Roy, you have become the Prime Minister.
Furthermore, the Seiñraij Ialong will hold its Behdeinkhlam on 12-08-2021 and the Seiñraij Mukhla will hold its Behdeinkhlam on the 20-08-2
In 1993, she won again from the same HPU and from the same constituency, defeating Bah Khan Khongdkhar INC by 45 votes with 4897 votes out of
As a party that carries the responsibility of the people, we will stand together with the people to oppose this handover of the villages to Assam.
Seeing that her beloved was in need, Hep also followed her to help.
With a focus on beautiful and international standard wood furniture manufacturing techniques, design excellence, use of advanced technologies, automation and digital technologies , the objective of INDIAWOOD 2022 is to boost the woodworking industry in India to reach a turnover of USD 27-billion by 2025 and help make India one of the world's largest country where you can buy wood products from this country.
God even sends Satan to punish people as Job was punished through a storm and enemies.
He said that the Secretary, Mining and Geology Department (MSPCB) has suggested to send the proposal to the Central Pollution Control Board for the rehabilitation of the environment. for the use of this money.
We would be very grateful if you could publish this through your respected newspaper and support us in this small project as students.
The Prime Minister said that under the campaign of vaccination, India has set a record of 2.5 crore doses of vaccine per day. country, he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, PWD Secretary PR Marwein said that the work of cleaning these two roads is now underway under the PMGSY scheme of the central government. us and if they are suitable, we will continue to deploy to other places too.
Tariang said these people claimed to be Bangladeshis and had smuggled into the country.
“The State President has urged the new District Presidents to set up District Committees in which the members will include those who hold office within the party in the presence of former members of the committees,” he said.
The JBCC said that it has met with Dr. DD Lapang , the Congress leader in the state to inform him of this issue , and demanded that the ticket should be given to him Bah Space.
Education does not only mean the rich or the physically fit, the healthy, but it also benefits all including those children with disabilities, mental illness, mental illness. mentally or for many reasons, they usually make the parents of those children with disabilities think that education is not much needed by their children, but in this era It is true that we are alive today and we should be the encouragers of them to go to school because they too have the right to education like other healthy children. they are healthy.
In the evening of the following day, after the bodies of these children were found, Jeofreeson Jana was arrested from his residence in Nongrah Nonglum.
One of the employees of a company said, “They didn't tell us before the road was dug”.
The State Government today dismissed four Deputy Commissioners (DCs) including the DCs of East Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, DC East Jaintia Hills and North Garo Hills.
He said the Solar Mission of the Prime Minister will start in the next few months.
After a while, Luti Tuber scored the third goal in the 55th minute through Kordor Dkhar.
We would like to express our gratitude to St. Xavier's Umoid School, for doing the right thing to promote the Khasi dress.
They also demanded from the Chief Minister and Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Home Affairs to take action and not just blame the Roster System.
Certificates of appreciation were also distributed to the employees of various departments.
He added that under the leadership of the Prime Minister, many steps have been taken to deliver relief goods to the flood-affected states in the North East.
In June this year, the Lokayukta referred the matter to a three-member panel for a final decision on the matter, as there were differences of opinion between two judges of the investigating body.
It is like a foundation that will build them in their knowledge, understanding, and humanity tomorrow.
Condemning other political parties for not saying that the ILP will boost income through tourism, the President of the KSU said that the KSU wants to issue a statement that a strong law is needed to protect the country. the uniqueness of the Jaitbynriew of the State and the State as a whole.
Why do our people choose only those who give money without checking whether the one who gives money is really willing to carry the burden of the people?
Well, when you complete your studies after passing college.
Chamling has been the Chief Minister of Sikkim since November 12, 1994 and since then has led his party, the Sikkim Democratic Front (SDF), to five victories in the state.
It is also worth mentioning that many groups have protested against the PMGSY road of Assam in Balakhwa, saying that the road has been implemented by Assam in Balakhwa. It is still within the border of Meghalaya.
In the second semifinal, Madankynsaw beat Moodop Royal 1-0
“The season knows its time,” said Banri, who was harvesting jhur.
He said there has been a history of insurgent groups in the region coming out of the belief that the central government has treated them unfairly and that history could happen again if this Bill is passed.
At the end of the programme, the District Icon “Chi-Ïung” performed a game on Ethical Voting.
, 1936), pp.375-393, he argued that the Khasi have now taken this totemism or the inheritance through animals and plants only as the name of the Kur ka Jait.
A total of 8,535 students will sit for the examination at the Centers in Shillong, 5,618 at the Centers in Tura and 4,269 at the Centers in Jowai.
He said that Meghalaya should not wait for Assam to respond while the people of the state who live on the border are facing problems.
Nongkrem MLA and President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday vowed to protest after he failed to move a motion on the roster system. on the fifth day of the budget session, as the legislature was temporarily adjourned at noon.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Berin Klein, President of the Meghalaya Kyokushin Karate Association, expressed his gratitude to the Kyokushin Karate Association for his achievements. expressed his concern that most of the youth even though they have the talent in sports and without the support of the government they cannot reach the goal where most of the youth are from the poor and the needy.
Regarding these incidents, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya – N Biren Singh said that the state government has held many meetings and issued a decision to take strong action against the robbers involved in the robbery. that works beaiñ.
She said the search for suitable hospitals will be done by the College of Physicians and Surgeons (CPS) in India.
“Gopal Dey should have demanded the immediate arrest of those involved in the killing of Bah Lurshai,” said the statement. “As the party, we understand that Gopal Dey is not responsible for the incident in Ichamati.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 238 cases, including Garikhana Cluster 2, Health Worker 4, Jaiaw Cluster 9, Laban Cluster 7, Laitkor Cluster 3, Laitumkhrah Cluster 6, Langkyrding A Lumshyiap Cluster 33, Lapalang 2, Lawmali Cluster Cluster 5, Lumjingshai Cluster 2, Lummawbah Cluster 3, Lumparing Cluster 2, Madanrting Cluster 4, Malki Cluster 5, Mawiong Umjapung Cluster 3, Mawlai Cluster 46, Mawlong Cluster 8, Mawngap Cluster 5, Mawram Cluster 2, Nongsyn Cluster 7, Nongthymmai Cluster 5, Oakland Cluster 6, Polo Cluster 2, Pynthor Cluster 6, Pynursla Cluster 2, Rynjah Cluster 3, Saw Furlong Cluster 2, Sohra Cluster 6, Umpling Cluster 4, Umsohsun Upper 1ptha Shillong Cluster, Cluster 3.
Shillong, July 21: “Four residents of Nartiang, West Jaintia Hills District have come to rob my land at Wah Mulong, Nartiang. to start building houses,” said Kong Libon Law in an interview with reporters this evening.
In doing so, extreme caution is to be exercised and a special case made out.
"On the other hand, Pilot, who is also a former Union Minister, said in his research that money alone cannot win elections. and Defense Minister Amit Shah have made promises that cannot be fulfilled.
We witness the suffering of many who have lost their lives and many families have lost their loved ones.
“It is sad that this department which was set up to provide peace to the people has now turned into a department that destroys each other and causes harm to each other,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
These balloons, which fly in the sky, have become a popular image among social media users.
Expressing his concern on other issues as raised by other MDCs including the Professional Tax and other misuse of Council funds, the MDC from Sohryngkham said, “Everyone has said You are a hero who fought against Dr. Mukul Sangma, you need to show that you are a hero in the transparency of the working methods and the accuracy of the figures.
He said that Meghalaya has done very well in various areas including the implementation of MGNREGS, where the allocation has increased to Rs 1600 crore per annum.
When asked about the rules for the establishment of Medical Colleges, the newspapers said that the Government should pay to the National Medical Commission (NCM), which is the chief overseer of the Medical Colleges. Medical Colleges in India.
Later, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, invited the leaders of these San Sengs to meet at his office. On the other hand, Bah Rymbui said that he will take these demands before the government.
Lorenzo Pearson Warjri, Working President, Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSKA), said that the National Kickboxing Championship is also the first round to select the country's athletes for the 6th Asian Indoor Martial Arts & Games Bangkok Chonburi to be held in March. October 2022 and the World Kickboxing Championship in April in Italy.
In a statement, the District Magistrate said that this order will remain in force until further notice.
Meghalaya, which tied first after failing to win the toss, scored 18 and 15 runs respectively.
“Earlier the government had to pay T.800 crore but it has already taken T.170 crore and now it will pay T.630 crore to pay the interest,” he said.
We see that our rulers are now blind because of corruption. We see that our young people who are looking for jobs are now running for police jobs and those who are applying for jobs in various government departments. If the person who follows you, the one who runs in front of you, the one who arrives first during the police race, will not be called for an interview.
Other speakers included the Chief Guest, Bah L Sohlang AS&CWO, Waheh Moosyiem, Ma Richardson Langbang and others.
Meghalaya have lost both their last home matches and the team is determined to win.
This decision was taken after a meeting between the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and the Union of Village Authorities of Bri Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) yesterday.
Mosyiem Shangpung couldn't turn the tide until the end of the match and suffered a defeat.
Other goals were scored by Cynthia Mylliemumlong in the 24th and 26th minutes, Dakini Shylla in the 35th minute and Marbarin Nongrum in the 70th minute.
For 50 years, Bah Phain said that the Sohra coal mine has almost been exhausted, but 50 years have not yet been exhausted.
JOWAI: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongthymmai Circle has alleged that the students of IIM Shillong have turned this place into a venue by throwing stones at the neighbours. sur song all night.
Speaking to media, Bah Phrangsngi Kylla, said that the union is saddened to see the slowdown in the working methods within MePDCL, as the increase in electricity has happened in many areas in Ri Bhoi. , however, what affected the union was after receiving information that the employees of MePDCL are talking nonsense even to the residents who want to ask about the increase in electricity bill.
In the swordplay among the children, Lan Phawa won the second prize while Oni Dkhar won the second prize.
“If we talk about Jemino, it will be like giving him what he doesn't deserve.
“It was on the 24th at about 3 pm that the Assam police came and set fire to the building,” he said.
We don't have water to supply,” he told reporters in Male Mahadeshwara Hills in the district.
AAP Meghalaya President Wanshuwa Nongtdu said the party will contest in 35 seats and there are many others who want to join the party.
And love the uppermost rooms at feasts" (Matthew 23:3-6).
In a statement, the MTCA said, “(We) strongly condemn the heartbreak, insensitivity and negligence of the NEHU authorities, especially the Vice Chancellor, to continue to implement the NEP 2020 without the approval of the Academic Council.
This was announced by Manuel CH Marak, General Secretary of the All Khasi Hills Achik Federation (AKHAF).
“We live in our own state, but we don’t have a sense of security.
When asked why he chose a new political party and why he did not join other political parties or ethnic parties that did not exist if he wanted to defeat the Congress, he said. The reason why he did not want to join the ethnic parties or other parties is because these parties have an old mindset and do not have a new mindset.
When referring to those things that have happened throughout the years in the state, the voice of the people this time is loud throughout the Khasi Hills, including the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Lngam. Maharam and other ethnic groups in the Khasi Jaintia Hills are very interested in the rights and wishes that the leaders in the state should be their own fellow citizens like this Prime Minister.
It was also decided to meet with the authorities of Tynriang and Nongjri Elaka to discuss and resolve this issue. The District is located in the Sohra Sub-Division.
Shillong, November 22 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday strongly criticized the Trinamool Congress leader's remarks regarding the traditional dress of the Khasi people. The Chief Minister's remarks came on an article posted by Kirti Azad in which he posted a picture of the Prime Minister dressed in Khasi dress during his visit to Shillong. recently.
They said that their program is not over yet and will continue until they have completed all the villages.
Their household clothes are also dressed and worn as long as they can without changing the color of their skin.
He was identified as Roba Umbah from Mawhati Constituency.
However, there is no one except Fr Sngi who is willing to try alone even though he is responsible in other ways.
The Lyngdoh of the Hima, said that there has been a concern about the destruction of the ground and the loss of land, but the Hima and the PWD department have taken responsibility to improve and beautify the ground. The roads in front of Law Lyngdoh (Law Kyntang) have been improved.
“Although the peace talks between the HNLC and the State Government including the Central Government are ongoing, the HNLC in recent months has received a letter sent to the General Secretary, who is also the Publicity Secretary of the HNLC. The court has summoned him to appear before the court.
This is the first time for Christ Church Morning School, Mawlai to host this Inter School Competition.
“The Village Authorities have expressed their concern that if they arrest these people, where will they take them? If they go to the police station, the police say they have not received any orders and we don't have the authority to do anything about them,” said Bah Latiplang. be a big problem.
This increase in wildfires, their intensity and frequency has raised concerns about environmental impacts and opportunities for various activities.
According to information received, the incident happened at 3 pm this evening when the vehicle was parked near the road, but suddenly the ground along with a tree collapsed along the road and to hit the vehicle. car until you can julor form.
After the shooting, police recovered nine stolen firearms from these areas in these two districts.
At that time, there was a loud noise, which was heard from a distance of about 2 kilometers.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that one patient, who tested positive for Covid-19, has recovered from the disease in the fifth test.
The purpose of the Government of India to implement this Act is to achieve its objective of One Nation, One Law.
: Members of the Dawki Village Authority, led by the Doloi of Darang Elaka, Bah Pyrwa Lyngba together with the Rangbah Shnong of Dawki, Bah Mankhraw Rangsain, today met with the Chief Minister, Ma Lakmen Rymbui. He also said that Bangladesh through the Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) has violated the Status Quo by building their camp in near the border with Meghalaya and India.
The Special Address of the Governor of Meghalaya, in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, in Hindi, confirms the commitment of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), through the Bharatiya Janata. The BJP, which is its national party, to make our country 'Hindu Rashtriya' and also 'Hindu Bhasha'
Metbah said the UDP as a party within the Government will raise many issues when it meets with the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma regarding the issues raised by the MDA-II. shall be run as a Government for the benefit of the people.
Shillong, June 04: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) at its meeting held on 4th June 2023 has decided to send a letter to the Chief Minister and the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly to convene the Special Session to discuss the implementation of the Roster System and the allocation in the State on the basis of the decision of the Hon'ble High Court, Meghalaya High Court issued on 3rd June
Seven members were also appointed, namely Teibor Kharkongor, Chongkam G. Momin, Noyontho Marak, Kyrshanlang Wahlang, Wanbait Ksoo and Hubert Marbaniang.
Photos of the trees spread on social media, showed that only by hand could be painted in some parts of the road.
It was also found that those children did not have any problems with the vaccine.
On the occasion, the MSOA gave a detailed explanation on the preparations for the 37th National Games in the presence of GTCC Secretary General Kalyan Choubey and Amitabh Sharma, Executive Council Member and Chairman of the GTCC. GTCC – 37th National Games.
Teachers in the rural areas just go up to class-X when they go to school like that friend of mine who fought for 100 years in class-X. Do you think that a teacher who fought for 10 and 15 years in class-X himself? can he give wisdom to children? Believe me that teachers who are stupid themselves cannot impart knowledge to students.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr. Syngkon said that the VPP does not want to comment on the statement of Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
The Special Court of Rithelda Rymbai has ordered the Sengbhalang to pay the loss of T.31,09,50,158 during the protest against the ILP. First Class Judicial Magistrate R. Rymbai has summoned the presidents and general secretaries of KSU, FKJGP, GSU, HNYF, SSSS, All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO), Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF), Jaintia Students' Union (JSU), Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), Khasi Women Welfare and Development Association (KWWADA), Association of Democratic Empowerment (ADE) and The Achik Youth Welfare Organization (AYWO) to leave the country on 8th November last year.
The Dorbar Shnongs were urged to take action to send the residents to come and announce to their villages.
Police have registered a case and are conducting investigation.
After that, they said that they were afraid of the acting disease as the doctor said with the thought that it might be cancer or some other disease and so they went back to the Civil Hospital. When asked where to send the doctor for treatment or what medicines can be used to treat the disease, they said that the doctor suddenly became very hot and fled saying, “Let's see what happens to her. these are women".
Arwotki Sumer, General Secretary Seiñraij as the chief guest and Sniawbhalang Rangad as the chief guest.
Students should apply for these scholarships through the online URL www.scholarships.
H. Lyngdoh, Babu Joel Gatphoh, Babu Kubur Singh and Rai Sahit D. Ropmay who took the trouble to put in writing this visit.
Hep Dhar has won with 381 votes after the counting of votes held at the MDC Hostel on Monday.
Nongpoh: Many commercial vehicles from Assam, which were about to leave Shillong, were stopped by the Assam Police at Jorabat this evening. This happened after the Assam Police shot dead a Khasi in Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District.
After discussion, it was clearly understood at this meeting that the upgradation of PHC Jarain to Sub-Divisional Hospital is unfair.
• I will strongly support the candidate who promises to get a government job for my child and just to win him/her I will encourage my neighbors to support him/her. I don't want to.
Furthermore, if anyone who is quarantined at home has fever, cough or shortness of breath, please inform immediately by phone at 94853-95373, 82579-46145, -08817 lane 89740-37257.
Many countries have been sending weapons to Ukraine in recent days, including Germany, the US, Australia and Canada.
To love God we must first love our neighbor so that we can have a spirit of unity.
It also encourages parents and orphans to take advantage of this opportunity and get vaccinated at the nearest health centres.
Initially, the Word of God was written in manuscripts and rolled up or placed in clay tablets.
Shillong, June 24: Contractors of Meghalaya under the banner of the All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (AMC&SA) on Tuesday met with the Chief Secretary Bah PBO Warjri regarding the installation of dewbilat made from Meghalaya in Assam. .
They said that almost all the students from all over the state have come to stand in line just to get the form to continue their B.Ed studies at this college.
Others include Suranjita Hazarika, Superintendent of Taxes, Rituraj Neog and Inspector of Taxes Nipon Kumar Pathak.
The minister alleged that this is a matter involving the RJD, although he did not specify his words.
According to Bah Michael, if the Lokyukta finds that the wealth of a government employee does not match their income, they will be confiscated and arrested and this will intimidate them into corruption.
The CBI received the information from the General Manager of Meghalaya Rural Bank (MRB), Shillong on 27th October 2019 and said that the fraud committed in the years 2017-2
The Surgical Oncology Department of NEIGRIHMS, Shillong together with the Department of Community Medicine and NASO on Tuesday held a meeting with religious leaders to work together in the fight against to prevent the spread of malaria in Meghalaya and to take measures to prevent the spread of this disease.
On this issue, the Court has approved the implementation of the Act and has also banned the renovation of these private parking bridges.
The training was held at Wahmawleiñ Unitarian LP School.
There is no one who will contest the 2023 election.
Irani has strongly criticized Rahul's campaign from the two constituencies, saying he has neglected the people of Amethi.
He said that the village has received many development works during his tenure including a sports ground constructed at a cost of more than Rs 1 crore and a newly constructed road at a cost of Rs 3 crore. tam nalor other other.
Others include District and Sessions Judge-Cum-Chairman, M.Skhemlon, MHJS, Member Secretary, MHJS, Shillong, E.Kharumnuid, MHJS, Sir.
The Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan was the chief guest in the presence of Lok Sabha MP Vincent H Pala and PHE Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar.
Giving the verdict, Speaker Thomas A Sangma said, “I don't have the intention to say that this House has wasted time.
Initially, police thought it was a mistaken phone call from a drunkard, but when he kept calling many times, police went to Naveen's house and found that he had climbed. strongholds, to one's own wife; but that night, they did not arrest him at all and will arrest him on Saturday morning.
The Federation has also warned that if the company does not implement the demand, the union will not hesitate to appeal to the higher authorities,” he said.
“Why are they afraid, when even in the MDA government, the BJP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF, independent candidates, have a part in forming the government under the leadership of the NPP except the INC or Congress”, said Bah Manstudy, so the people should be clear and should not misunderstand on this issue.
Not only has the money not been received, but in the past few days there has been a stir among the MDCs of KHADC over the T.133 crore, as some MDCs have not yet received the allocation. They demanded that the CEM should increase the T.133 crore.
Balan, the PDF candidate who will contest the 2019 MDC elections, said that all the people have criticized the NPP without thinking that the NPP is a Garo party.
In the final of the men's category, Young Age SC beat Mawpat Block 6-6
The money was allocated from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF), according to a statement sent by the CMO.
The stones and walls of a city stand witness to those battles fought from time to time.
If Manipur can get ILP in only a few months, why does it take the Government to grant ILP to Meghalaya,” he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal said that population growth affects the health and economic development of the country and the nation.
Nongpoh: Purna Das, 37, of Ranggabak, Hailakandi, Assam, has died after being hit by a truck on the NH-6 near Lad Umsaw. .
On Tuesday, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem also visited an Enforcement Police Officer who is undergoing treatment at one of the hospitals in Shillong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chairman-cum-Managing Director of MeECL, Sanjay Goyal said that the Central Government has launched the RDSS scheme across the country to improve the distribution of electricity. It was also used to implement the smart meter.
It is pleasant to share happiness and smile with others, many of us don't know but in fact it improves one's health.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) in a meeting with the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, on 8th July, 2023, said that the high tuition fees are one of the reasons. which causes children to drop out of school for a while.
The missing Rangbah was identified as Banshan Khongjoh, also known as Bah Mol and is also a Rangbah with mental retardation.
Besides the Pragna Parande, speeches were also delivered by Kong RM Kurbah and Kong Meena Kharkongor, who urged the children to come forward when they face any form of discrimination. They should immediately inform the law enforcement agencies, whether in homes, schools and other places, so that those robbers involved in such crimes they shall receive the judgment.
The history of the state of Meghalaya clearly witnesses that many teachers who have participated in political activities have become leaders for the development of our state.
(x) to fully support young people who do not have the opportunity to start their own businesses.
Speaking on the occasion of the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking, Amit Shah said that India is the worst affected country by drug trafficking.
In the state, he said it is difficult for the government to do its own thing to protect the environment because the land belongs to the private sector and it needs to cooperate with the land owners and village authorities to solve this problem. .
The meeting, led by Bah DRL Nonglait, President of KAS, requested the Prime Minister to send the decision of the House to the Ministry of Home Affairs as soon as possible. of the Government of India.
They will leave the state on the 25th of June under the leadership of Angelina Sun, President of the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya, referee and Pynsuklang Sumer.
If any individuals or families, groups or communities are found to be strange, who are not residents of the Hima Langrin or neighboring villages, the Dorbar shall direct all the Village Officers within the Hima They should immediately inform the Syiem, Ministers, members of the Executive Dorbar of the Hima or the law enforcement authorities so that the necessary action can be taken.
People now see only the thngiat of others, but they cannot see their own thngiat.
“Teachers are the foundation of selfless service and in my belief, they are the engine of economic development in the country,” he said.
Bah AL Hek has been awarded the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department, the Fishery Department, the Printing & Stationery Department and the Secretariat Administration Department.
At the same time, she said the government will expedite the invitation of tenders for companies to take over the operation of the EMRI 108, in which the government has prepared that it will be the best contract for the employees and they have handed over. they don't need it.
“We have made it clear that the areas inhabited by the Naga people should not be affected, because there have been many issues in the past decades,” they said. There is no demand, but the land where the Nagas live should not be affected because it will create problems.
Ma Lop Pohtam, one of the prominent coal traders and transporters in War Jaintia, has lodged a complaint with the Amlarem Police Station that he has been deprived of his drinking water.
When I read other books, magazines, newspapers etc. that we receive from the country, I see that the present central government does not have any opposition to the writings, criticisms and accusations Quote – “Pressure groups are considered indispensable for the successful working of an effective Political system….
“I don't know why the Ordinance is only valid for six months,” he said, asking the Government whether the casinos will be rebuilt after six months.
On the other hand, the NLCN will have to provide shelter in Khasi Jaintia Hills to members of the rebel groups from other parts of the North East.
When we saw these footprints of Krung, footprints of Khla standing on the rocks and in the heat of the sun, we rested there on the rock, like a piece of bread.
They said that the reason why the Assam Police closed the meeting was because they did not allow other people from outside the area and especially the political parties to participate. of Meghalaya.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Donbok Kharbuli said that he has spent four months to build the vehicle until it is ready to drive, but he has not finished yet and it will take him time. With about two months to complete, he said that he did not build it alone, but there were also his friends who helped him in welding.
Tympew and synsar farms have been severely affected including the houses of the people.
For those who have fallen victim to drugs, all we can do is to help them get rid of this evil.
Mynthong won 2-0 against Pynthor Youth Welfare.
(NEEPCO), has issued the rules and regulations relating to the supply of electricity to MePDCL.
On the other hand, the party leaders have requested the MDA 0.2 government to take action and allocate funds for the construction of this road and at the same time they have requested the MLA of Jirang Constituency to Take action to talk to the government to get a colorful road for the convenience of the people in coming and going and to bring many development works when the public road is complete.
Speaking to reporters, the Organizing Secretary of UHM, said, “On our part, UHM, today we have reached Barato PHC. That's the place where Assam has set up a Police Outpost and we were injured today, because our visit was only to investigate and meet if it happened or not, is it true or not? The construction of the Police Outpost on the land which is still within the State of Meghalaya.
Police also recovered AK 56 rifles, GNLA IDs, GNLA flags, laptop and charger, letters. demand money and other items.
One of the beautiful things is that the residents and friends donate money as a sign of respect to those who take part in the dance.
Through this voice, the people and the leaders have called for a full state and it is West Khasi Hills which has produced the most hill state fighters.
On 31st June 2018, Shillong has collapsed after Khasi were shot dead by people living in Them Iewmaw Long.
“As the NPP family, we condemn the incident that happened last night at the house of Dr. MM Ampareen Lyngdoh, who is also a Minister of State.
When you speak, you don't have to paint your mobile phone.
Only in the Secretariat, 25 percent of those who came to work.
The Rajya Puraskar Pre-Testing Camp was held on 16th and 17th June at the District Headquarters, Jowai.
The allocation approved for Meghalaya through MGNREGA is for 300 lakh days.
The dyes used are mercury, zinc oxide, chromium and lid and this affects the water supply and causes many diseases.
The festival was organized in collaboration with the Jaintia Tourism and Environment Society (JTES) and the District Administration.
On this day, many kinds of games were held in which with the active participation of the children from different schools, it was a successful event despite the heavy rain. .
To register offline, they can do so by collecting the forms from the office of the KJP Western Synod, Mission Compound Shillong.
The special meeting was held at BNRGSK Hall, Amlarem C&RD Block and was conducted by the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Garod LSN Dykes.
Guwahati: Seven Assam policemen were shot dead in a border clash with Mizoram today, officials said.
Ma Lahkmen Rymbui asked the people of the State and the people of Amlarem Constituency to ask what the works that Ma Lahkmen Rymbui has not been able to do in the last three years.
“This is an opportunity for you, even if it is a small village but remember that many famous players start from a small village but through hard work they reach the goal,” said Bah Thangkhiew. before he started the lympung.
After you there will be another kingdom.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah PT Sawkmie and Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, who encouraged Welkin to work harder so that he can achieve the goal of breaking the World Record. , as he wished.
The family of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa, resident of Upper Lumparing, Shillong, has been deeply saddened after receiving the news of his death in the collapse of a thah on Mount Draupadi Ka Danda II. The body of Tiklu was identified by the brother - in - law , Wallambok Lyngdoh , General Secretary of the Meghalaya Rock Climbing and Sports Mountaineering Association of the Northern,.
In addition to this climate-related impact, another issue is the rapid increase in population.
Local MLA Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State in charge of Social Welfare Department, Lakhmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs and others were present at the closing ceremony. others.
Therefore, it is right that through this opening of another training centre, it will be a great blessing to the entire community.
Mawkyrwat, June 25: The office of the KVK, West Khasi Hills District has conducted a training and awareness program on the use of modern hygiene. on 11th June, 2023 at the office of the Agriculture Research Centre, West Khasi Hills, Nongshillong.
In a statement, ADE President Dalseng Bira Ch.
THEY HAVE A GOOD ATTITUDE:— Being positive is another characteristic of healthy people.
He said the AICC has not yet said anything or will call the MLAs to discuss the protest in the party.
“The Government is accusing me of wrongdoing.
Police also recovered several firearms including bullets and Myanmar currency from the two suspects.
He urged the government to take seriously this issue as these too are human beings.
He said that the fire has destroyed the house and the cost of construction has reached T.5 lakh, for all the household items, including rice, thir ksai, books and other necessities.
She urged the party to be the leader and as the women of Khanduli village to follow behind to demand justice.
The number of Children with Special Needs (CWSN) enrolled in schools in 2021-22 was 22.67 lakh compared to 21.91 lakh in 2020-21 which is an increase of 3.45% in 2020-2
Besides this he is a successful man in private life.
Barcelona have decided to sack Xavi after the coach failed to lead the club to the La Liga title this season.
The Minister was responding to a question by Mawryngkneng MLA Heavingstone Kharpran on the position of the Central Government on the Uniform Civil Code.
Furthermore, the Land Acts are also important and that is why the indigenous people of Ladakh, Jammu & Kashmir, are now demanding the implementation of the Sixth Schedule in their lands after the downgrading. The State of Jammu and Kashmir is a Union Territory.
Nongpoh: The office bearers of the Meghalaya Clean and Green Organization (MC&GO) have sent a complaint to the Chief Forest Officer (CFO) of the district. Council Forest, to express its deep concern, over the increasing environmental destruction, through the burning of Rnga and also the smuggling of Rnga from West Khasi Hills to Ri Bhoi.
Some teachers who were appointed before 1994 have been appointed as non Govt teachers in these schools which do not need to be regularised.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hill Farmer's Union (HFU) led by Commander Shangpliang today met with the Counselor of the Embassy of Israel, Barak Granot and Dan Alluf Counselor International. Development Corporation ha Meghalaya house New Delhi.
How can you say that there is a village office?
To determine whether the people are eligible to receive rice according to the NFSA, the district administration through the Supply Department, shall verify the eligible and ineligible persons through application and complaint. .
Damangbha Rymbai was awarded the Best Goalkeeper award, Bashanbor Pale was awarded the Player of the Tournament award and Mebakynsai Pale was awarded the Player of the Tournament award.
“The illegal logging and burning of rnga is the cause of the destruction of the environment in the state, and this continues to this day to smuggle timber and rnga from factories in the state. and outside the state," he added.
The foreigners have developed a Smart Meter to (1) tell us that we are burning or burning every 30 minutes “Hey you have done everything”.
If we all work together, we will be able to cut down trees, and our State will get the first title in the country.
Therefore, I think it would be better if the education department included the teaching of agriculture and livestock as one of the general subjects from the early grades or primary level, at the same time, schools should have gardens so that students can have practical opportunities so that they can work and teach others.
Shillong: The 5th Roll Ball World Cup will be held in Chennai from 15th to 20th November.
Shillong, Naitung, 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the two-day National Workshop on 'Translating Vision into Action' by the Internal Quality Assurance Cell, Shillong College.
So I started every day but I don't know anything about Bah Fernandez.
Christmas, as it is in this age, appears to us today with many sacred preparations.
You Really Shivat.
Eight of the 12 underage prisoners under investigation, including those who committed crimes including rape and murder, were released. City Superintendent of Police Atul Singh said that the incident occurred at 7 pm on Tuesday.
I want to tell you about one of my experiences.
It is true that there is a divorce, a divorce but it is not common because they are afraid to walk in the wrong path, lest they be punished by the man of God.
Speaking to media on the ban on import of fish from abroad, as announced by the Commissioner of Food Safety, Bah AL Hek said that what is needed is that the Fishery Department should first inform the Food Safety Department. The government will decide whether to ban the import of fish.
From children, young people, elderly people have climbed this Lum Sohpet Bneng which is believed that once upon a time there was a Golden Bridge to connect Heaven and Earth when righteousness ruled the people of Hynniewtrep.
It is worth mentioning that the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have raised a demand on the lack of clarity in the figures regarding the Smart Meter Project in the state.
This shows that they don't care anymore even though they have been accused.
The EC should give a clear answer as to how much money the MDCs receive, where they have spent the money allocated for the needs of the District Council, how much money has been spent. on the other hand.
Most of the injured were those workers who were working on the bridge.
He said that his speeches were broadcast on Doordarshan and this show was approved by the Government of India.
The snow falls to the doors of the houses that are no longer inhabited.
However, since 2008 onwards, money has started to talk about people because of the rise of wealthy candidates and the people have started to turn to those candidates who distribute money.
According to trade trends, the Indian economy has surged into the international fray with a mere double-digit shortfall in monthly trade now in 2023.
However, this time we have seen the emergence of some young people who are concerned and see the burden of the shon and the works that affect their minds, to come forward to share the burden of the shon. the people of the constituency.
It is also worth mentioning that Bah Mayborn Rapthap, is a Rangbah who has a desire to serve the people and is also a close friend of Bah Julius K. Dorphang.
The name of the candidate for the mid-term elections was announced at a meeting held at the Community Hall of Lawsohtun-block-V. They lived in Lawsohtun.
He said that they have also met with the Minister of Agriculture and he has immediately shown the same sign which they expect to be hopeful.
Those security guards should also be punished because if it weren't for their stinginess, these people wouldn't have entered Parliament and they would have been expelled from the gate.
He said that in fact before signing the MOU, the land of the District Council, Hima, Raid and Shnong should have been thoroughly examined, but without the knowledge of the public, it was signed blindly. MOU and now the suffering is the people in these border areas where just because of the border issue they have to live in fear and also there is a stir among the state residents in the villages that have been affected. involved in this demarcation process.
“We will form a government and lead Meghalaya after the elections,” he said, adding that the BJP has fielded 47 candidates only in the constituencies where there is hope of winning the elections. and she did not want to fight merely as a sign of publicity.
“We know that this is a troubled area and therefore the state government will not allow any improvement work in this area,” Conrad told reporters today.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongal Sangma on Tuesday said that the people on the border are angry with the statement of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) leaders who promised to abolish the border crossing. Social Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed for the settlement of six areas on the border with Assam.
On the 29th, there will be an Open to All Football Penalty Shootout starting at 10 pm.
In chasing the goal, Meghalaya's batsmen had a good start and a good start.
Shillong, June 07: The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBDRF) on Friday submitted a petition to the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State Government, Bah Federick Kharkongor. Electoral Roll for the Khasi, Karbi and Nepalis living in the villages under Block-I area which is currently in the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
He said that if the extension of the District Council is granted, the South West Khasi Hills District will have another MDC seat. At that time, it will be decided whether such villages will be included in the new constituency.
He said that this increase in the price of petrol and diesel will affect the people at this time when the country and the state are in crisis.
During his visit, Mallah fell from a horse in the crowd, which welcomed him and he was sitting on a horse, which may have been too happy. in being elected as the Children's Assembly Speaker.
The Shillong 10K Run has attracted more than 1000 participants, from children to the elderly, who have registered through the Meghalaya State Olympic Association website, along with others who have attended. to participate in the morning.
Noting that Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Home Minister, Amit Shah and party president JP Nadda have come to the state to campaign for the elections, he said. , “All these leaders have criticized, blamed the NPP, but after the BJP won only 2 out of 60 seats, the next day they joined hands.
Nongpoh, Naitung 18: The sudden passing away of Paiem Miwel Shadap, the Syiem of the Raid Nongtung in Ri Bhoi District, has been a shocking and sad news not only for the children of the Raid Nongtung in Ri Bhoi District. He also surprised many churches in the district and the state as a whole as it appears that he is one of the Syiems who used to speak out for the purpose of fighting for the border area under the Raid Nongtung. with the state of Assam.
He also urged them to continue to work hard and improve their work so that they can become employers for other youth.
Jowai, March 04: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Tuesday at Nangbah Stadium. Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
On the other hand, the Village Authorities and residents of Khanduli have expressed their regret over the suspension of the logging by Assam although the area is still under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong. Khanduli and Meghalaya.
However, that does not mean that it will remain silent on the promises it made during the elections, and it is the duty of the VPP to work with the government to ensure that the demands of the party are met. It is up to the government whether it agrees or not with those demands.
Rakkam said that on 27th October 2021, the Supreme Court had sought clarification from Meghalaya to establish the 85% share and till now the Supreme Court has not taken a decision or said anything. above this.
Foods are those that can work powerfully to burn fat and reduce weight and obesity.
The match was very friendly between the two teams.
“I wish it to be a success as the dream and aspiration of the women's organization as a whole,” said Kong Roshan.
Speaking on the occasion, the District Session Court, Bah E Kharumnuid, said that the District Session Court has been in Jowai since November 2013 and is still operating from the DC Office Jowai. DC East and West Jaintia Hills, Bah FM Dopth and CP Gotmare together with Superintendent of Police Lakador Syiem of Jaintia Hills. WJH and Vivekananda Singh of EJH, DLSA Secretary DS Marbaniang, officers of the Judiciary and EACs were also present at the meeting.
God fulfills His promise to all people if only they are willing to believe and obey.
I hope may God be with you.
Tyrsad scored the first goal in the 54th minute.
Some of the rules that the committee has passed are to allow any party members who wish to nominate themselves as candidates for the MDC election 2014, to nominate themselves through the application form. A fee of T.5000 is available from the District Election Committee as directed by the Central Election Committee.
The Cherry Blossom Festival will start on the 17th of November and end on the 19th of November.
The matter is now with the DC office and is awaiting the arrangement of land compensation with the landowners.
“Father, you are an old man, just speak a word is enough,” said the mother and stood beside him as if to stop him. “Hiram, why did you come home without telling your family?” “Map pa, I don't want to stay in Dkhar anymore,” he said. “It's not the same, you should have told your family first.
There are currently 36,165 JFM committees across the country, covering an area of ​​more than 10.24 million hectares.
The MDA government in Meghalaya should know and listen to the collapse of the Wah Umiam Bridge at Domsite which has given a warning to the MDA government in Meghalaya. but the time.
There are also journalists, editors and producers who have been harassed, beaten, imprisoned or even killed for doing their job properly.
This decision was taken at a meeting held between KHADC CEM Pynïaid Sing Syiem and KAAC CEM Dr Tuliram Ronghang in the presence of Karbi Anglong MP Horen Singh Bey.
When we look closely at the seniority of the UDP leaders, we wonder how Jemino got to take over the party.
He said that the statement of the Minister of Electricity is not clear and does not convince the JAC, in fact he should have called for talks with the leaders of the JAC or listened to the voice of the farmers' group. residents of Darrang Elaka who demand that the hydropower project should be completed by flooding the Wah Umngot.
Shillong, June 3: The BJP state unit has demanded that the government should regulate the salaries of teachers in the state. they are different and helpful and encouraging.
With this goal, the game became more interesting and both the teams fought hard to score the second goal but by the end of the first half both teams went to the preparation rooms. which scored 1-1 goals.
When the union inspected Namdong PHC, it was found that there is only one doctor Ayush and 6 staff nurses. and this may be just a threat to the election because the election is near.
Speaking to reporters, Animesh Jain, Chief Delivery Officer – India & Americas
Bashir Ahmed, owner of M/s Rahi Enterprise, Siddiquey Afzal (Jalal) owner of Spark Iron & Steel Work; SA Builders, Md.Emdad Hussain Director of The Sylhet Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Shameem Ahmed Director of FBCCI, Mashud Ahmed ChouDhury Vice President of SCCI, Md.Hizkil Gulzar Director of former President of FBCCI, Sni , Jalal Uddin and other wealthy people including a Khasi who is a Bangladeshi Harley Lamin.
Your participation will enrich our traditional dance and we will be able to put together a prayer to God the Creator to bless us all. side.
She said that Kong Palmima was shifted to the Recovery Room after giving birth but it was found that she had bled because she had a jyrwit jyrwat at the place where she gave birth.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Khasi who came to exhibit these products said that this is the first time that they have come to Bengaluru to exhibit their products.
With this victory, Wasa has earned 7 points, while Khliehmawlieh has earned 6 points.
It is surprising that some people have this disease and others do not.
“The three District Councils have not received the Untied Scheme for the year 2021 to 2023 and this is due to the request of the Central Government to the UC, and the delay of the District Councils in providing is because we don't get the money on time, so we can't provide time for the UC”.
Meghalaya will play against Baroda tomorrow.
In a statement sent by Hercules Suting, General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District, the HYC has sent a petition to Dr. Mukul Sangma since The party has demanded that the Schedule Tribe Order Act 1950 should be amended in the state, except for the Khasi (Hynniewtrep) and Garo.
Ampareen Lyngdoh said this while inaugurating the Meghalaya Collectives, which is part of the World Food India-2023 at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi and was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Other vehicles are not allowed because they are private vehicles.
Officials of PIB Bhubaneswar welcomed the journalists from Meghalaya on their arrival.
Riban said the forest is located in Ri Sawkur below Siatbakon village and was inaugurated by the Ambassador of the Plurinational State of Bolivia in The place will be special and we have named it in the name of former President of India APJ Abdul Kalam and these herbal medicine manufacturers will benefit from this forest”.
“This is not a political issue but it has to do with the nation.
“These incidents are kidnapping, murder and others,” said the DGP. On the escape of Sohan many times from the police, the DGP said it was because the police were in trouble when they were arrested. go and fetch them, because of the nature of the place, into the wilderness.
The doctor was arrested by the BSF and sent away clean of his clothes. He was shot dead by the BSF. This was discovered by the women of the area, who went to protest and demanded the release of him. The KSU said that this is not the first time that the BSF troops have used force against the people of the area but it happens from time to time.
Therefore, the union has not refused to send a letter to the DC to investigate. In connection with these schemes, which have been implemented for the construction of schools, including the school in Riangdim, Nongjri and others.
The NHRC wants to know how many De-addiction Centres are currently under the jurisdiction of the Government, whether private groups are allowed to set up De-addiction Centres, whether they have rules. or the rules made under the NDPS Act to monitor De-addiction Centers as stipulated in Section 71 of the NDPS Act.
They said that this is the age of computers and children born in the last 10 years have no difficulty in using them even though they have not received any training while those who are older have difficulty in using them. if not that they have already learned.
Nongstoin, Nailur 4: The BSF in Siejlieh West Khasi Hills, which is just a few kilometers from the Nongstoin market, have started clearing the area in the village to set up a temporary camp. of them, without notice to the town.
The program was opened by Prestone Tynsong MLA as the chief guest.
The next day, the Minister will visit Julukie, Nagaland to inaugurate the new Academic Block of the College of Veterinary Sciences, Julukie.
Likewise, the regional parties that have joined hands with this government should also receive the same warning so that what we have already experienced will not happen again in the future.
The best goalkeeper went to Lalmalsawma Tariang of Chutwakhu.
The demand of the KHADC should respect the status quo order of the Meghalaya High Court dated 25-11-1
In Garo Hills, the contest will be between the NPP and Trinamool Congress while in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, which has 36 seats, the contest will be between many political parties as in previous elections.
It was to him that the devil (Satan Lucifer) gave power and throne and great authority.
This is one of the reasons why this can happen but in democracy, no one can be stopped if they want to form a new party even a private party many win elections, especially in this state where people don't they don't look at the party but they look at the good deeds of the person.
Government officials including the Ministry of Education and others were present at the ceremony.
“The relevant department has sent teams with equipment to clean up the debris from all over the area,” said Padu. to provide for malfunctions and downtime of communications facilities.
The shop is called Techspark near the Pariat Store where the looting exceeded Rs 20 lakh.
In addition, in the Catholic Church, the highest high priests, Bishops and Archbishops, are called Lyngdohsads.
So far, no arrests have been made in connection with the incident.
To put too much emphasis on issues and large organizations may not lead to anything.
Shillong: Mawlai Presbyterian College has won the NEHU Inter College Football Tournament 2018 after beating BBS College 5-3 in the tie-breaker. The match will be played on Saturday at the NEHU Stadium, Shillong.
When we live a life of incense it is also partly a life that pleases God, which is a living, holy sacrifice that brings joy to our lives and especially to the Lord.
Due to the large number of those standing in front of her, she was able to submit her application form until 12 o'clock.
The IIS players won five medals.
Why are you still angry, the Garo want Garoland, and you Khasi MLAs should also demand Hynniew Trep Land.
Furthermore, it is hereby notified that no political party or candidate or group or person shall issue any advertisement in the print media on the day of polling and ten days before the day of polling, unless these advertisements about Political activities have not been approved by the MCMC Committee in the State/District.
She also alleged that the management in the state by creating differences in many categories of teachers such as deficit, adhoc, planned, unplanned and private categories has caused many problems.
Dozens of members of the Seng came to donate their precious blood as part of the program to help those who need blood for their illnesses. .
Initially, the VPP had expected to announce its symbol on Monday but the files were left on the desk of the Chief Election Commissioner due to his busy schedule. The party has not yet announced the upcoming elections in the states.
If you are infected, you should stay at home and avoid contact with anyone until the eye infection is healed.
The MFA's request to suspend the TSA is meaningless.
More than 3,000 Americans have traveled to Ukraine to help fight Russia, according to the Ukrainian Embassy in Washington.
“All the letters we send to Delhi, the Central Government sends a letter back to the State Government to ask for a comment on this and the State Government has not yet responded. to say that the implementation of the rules signed in the IoA is our responsibility,” he said.
Vincent Pala, MP Shillong, wrote on FB that these two factories, after consulting him, have distributed the rice to the Rangbah Shnongs and Church Leaders for distribution to the poor families during this time when India has imposed a curfew to prevent the spread of the disease.
This is the 24th time that the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie has gone to Lumsohpet Bneng and the Seng Khasi has taken this as a responsibility to raise the spirit of the country and the nation.
The Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, after the end of the Question Hour, informed the House that today at 9.00 pm, he received the letter. Privilege motion against the Chief Minister.
Furthermore, MePTCL should ensure the transportation and supply of electricity from the Switch Yard near the power houses produced by MePGCL, by drawing lines, building towers and power stations. and 132 KV and 220 KV sub-stations, install fire signs and take care that fire signs and machines or transformers are not lost.
Other places visited by the MLA include the Veterinary Dispensary at Dongkiingding in the presence of the Sordar of Donkiingding, Bah Kresto Rapsang. .Nongrang who donated the land.
At the same time, he said that the border should be resolved but it must be done in the right manner and with everyone included in the resolution process.
She didn't have a mobile phone but suddenly she saw an ear-phone in her ear listening to music.
Finally, another branch of the Akhil Bharatiya Bidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) has been infected with worms in the Sangh Parivar's house. She has been working here in Shillong for several years and has led many students from schools and colleges to the BJP ruled states and elsewhere. She has been awarded the Best Students Award on at Soso Tham Auditorium in the name of Tirot Singh.
They also alleged that they marched to the Main Secretariat, threatened the Magistrates and Police and created trouble on the road before reaching the DC's office. Lurshaphrang Shongwan, Bah Lurshaphrang Shongwan, said in front of the court that the HITO leaders had cooperated with the police when they were summoned to appear before the police.
“Any reform requires courage and having courage leads to new opportunities, Modi said, adding that the world looks to India as the hub of new opportunities.
Looking at the roads in Meghalaya, it is very surprising.
The BJP has issued an order to evict 700 Khasi families from Dhaka, Bangladesh. Nahar Punji village in Srimangal Upazila in Moulavi Bazar is a tragic incident.
Marak, Dy CEM of Rongrikimgre Constituency, Jimbirth R Marak, former EM of GHADC of Amongpara constituency, Levastone T. Sangma, former EM of GHADC of Jenjal constituency, Righteous N Sangma, former EM of GHADC of Babellapara constituency, Rupert M. Sangma, former EM of GHADC from Tura constituency, Kenedick S Marak, former EM of GHADC from Siju constituency, Dhormonath Ch.
“We have not received our salary from April 2015 to October 2016, besides overtime from 2013 to 2018,” said Bah Shanlang.
The term of office of Prof Srivastava as VC will expire on 23rd November.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, the Legislative Assembly of Hynniewtrep, informed the TISS that the purpose of the meeting was to implement the agreements and promises. which was approved by the Government of the Dominion of India, has not been completed to this day.
The passengers complained that the road is covered with snow and many snowdrifts, besides the fall of mawria along the road has disrupted the traffic.
In Hinduism, Pundits are only men, there is no share in religion for women.
The prizes are accompanied by a cash prize.
The first semi final of the tournament will be played on the 23rd of this month between Chiehruphi SYWSC and Khliehriat West FC and the second semi final will be played on the following day. Both the semi finals will be played between Ladrymbai-B SC and Tpepswer SSWO at 1 pm.
There are some things that live on the ground.
Waroh said that the ambulance was used to take the injured to the hospital.
On the other hand, S.Phanbuh in his speech urged the parents to take good care of their children under the age of five years and to take them to the booth centers to get the polio vaccine. be a means of protecting the health of children.
After arresting the suspect, the youths together with the members of the HYC, Noongpoh, handed him over to the Nongpoh Police Station, where they lodged an Ejahar against him. so that the Police can do everything they can.
Speaking to reporters, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that in fact, the candidates from these remaining constituencies have been accepted by the party but it has not yet announced them. that she is reviewing first.
Just knowing what scares you and the first steps you take to control your fears is enough to get rid of them.
She said that Sohphlang is a good food to eat by using the method of cultivation according to traditional knowledge although it has become a new knowledge in these days.
The MLP Battalion became the first FIFA Assistant Referee in
Riphi O Shylla scored four goals in the 24th, 26th, 33rd and 35th minutes.
They include Gokulam Kerala FC, Kickstart FC, Sethu FC, Odisha FC, East Bengal, HOPS FC and Sports Odisha.
In 2019-20, the expenditure was 51,80,685, in 2020-21, 9,03600 and in 2021-22, 81,7 There are more than 3,500 cows in these hospitals.
Since the implementation of the SSA scheme in the State, existing private schools, schools run by churches or religions have received support or benefits from this scheme and this is the beginning of the problems that me now.
He said that in the last sessions, the members of the Legislative Assembly, Meghalaya had to listen to the Governor's speech in Hindi and this created a big problem. to those members who do not understand this language.
“If the district administration does not show any activities, the ECC will take other stronger measures and if any problems arise, the district administration will have to take responsibility,” he said. The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 1515 with 361 new cases reported, six deaths, the ECC said in a statement on Thursday.
“We have given 15 days to suspend the sale of fish and after that we will go back to the market to test the fish that have arrived in the state. formalin we have to continue to ban the sale of fish"
For more information, please call
“The NPP will not tolerate this illegal act and will even appeal to the law enforcement authorities to bring about the smooth running of democracy,” he said.
He added that NEHUSU will give 10 days to the government to release the scholarship of all the students and the students will prepare for a strong protest to get their rights.
The reason for the closure is that the six month deadline given to the NHAI authorities to implement the street lights installed around the highways under the jurisdiction of the NHAI has expired. District Magistrate MA Challam, MCS ADM West Jaintia Hills, DSP (Crime) CW Lyngdoh and a team of police on receiving information about the incident, rushed to the scene. A meeting was held between the members of the KSU and the employees of the KSU.
Regarding the problem, he spoke to two officers of BSNL and they said that one of the reasons, is the uncertainty, the electricity supply to the area and then, another. pat is due to damage to the cable.
He was brought before the court on 24th June 2024, where police have been authorized to remand him for six days for investigation.
In the Khasi Pyrkhat-Pyrdaiñ, after the Setting of the Sun – the Setting of the Moon which came to lynshop the Jaitbynriew after the destruction of the Tree; they said, “We have stayed in the Darkness of Wonder.
When asked about the delay in the completion of the project, Dr Laloo said the reason was due to the MLA elections in 2013 and the sudden death of the contractor implementing the scheme.
The Jaintia Dorbar strongly complained against the proposal of the Assam Government to divide Jaintia Hills into two districts, which later became known as the “Districts of Mikir and North Cachar Hills”. The Jaintia Dorbar has revised its Constitution in line with the times.
The more experienced doctors who came to explain to the doctors of the State, said that 300 to 400 doctors need to be trained per annum.
It is worth mentioning that from Pynursla to Dawki there was no Police Out Post, and according to the information of the elders, at least 7 Outposts were needed to be set up in the Pynursla area.
In a tweet, Manish Tewari said, “If I am told by my fellow BJP MPs that there is a plan to increase the number of Lok Sabha members to 1,000 before the election, election 2024.
He said that the CMYC is a good idea but it is up to the person, when registering at the centre, whether he can use the opportunity he has.
If the elephant lies on the head of the snake, and you say 'I don't take sides', the snake will not praise your impartiality.
She said that the Congress should immediately stop the discrimination against the people of the state, but should be transparent and give a clear account of many of the schemes of the state and central governments. engage.
U Bah Swer could not believe that his Kur would spend more than T.5 lakh because the works did not match.
After the match, the winners and runners-up teams were awarded with cash prizes and trophies.
This meeting is also important to achieve the goal of full implementation of e-waste management in the states of the Northeast,” he said.
“The children of the elaka can no longer tolerate the smell of lyer coming out of these coke factories, therefore don't force us the children of the elaka to go out and stand even at the secretariat.
There was no casualty in the firing of the BSF troops,” they said.
“There is no way for the Governor to do whatever he wants without the advice of the government.
Users can get a special discount on Coupons of Rs 400 by EaseMyTrip on Flight Tickets, and will also receive a prize.
Bah CB Syiem said that their departure from the UDP party has nothing against the leaders or the party and the results they have experienced after joining the party do not feel hopeful. This party cannot do anything for the state and the country.
Ryntih beat Mawkhar 3-1 on 30th July.
It may be recalled that the National Green Tribunal Principal Bench, New Delhi has issued this order on 17th June, 2014, and has informed the State Government through letter No. MG.25/2014/PT- I/186 on the 9th of this month, which ordered the Police Department and the Chief Secretary of the State to implement it in the State.
For this reason, tourist attraction operators should open a website and collect money online.
The documents to be attached to the Application Form for the verification of Shops are as follows:- (i).
The group, which consisted of about 20 people, carried placards with the slogans “We have chosen you to be the Khla and not the Shrieh”, “The future and the decision is yours now, Your future will be decided by us”, “The Nation or the People”, “Jingshet Kylla”.
For Friends United XI, Pyrkhat Sari took three wickets and Shadap took two wickets.
The Rotary Club introduces and brings closer and closer relationships between the people from one country to another,” said Ma Pala and added that the club has helped him to send his children to school and others. claim.
All the residents of the Elaka are still waiting for the government's decision on how to deal with these cokes.
Speaking to media, Jambor said the KHADC has withdrawn the order to suspend the elections and the elections in different himas will start in November. come.
To build a mortuary at the PHC. The 108 should carry patients who do not need treatment without having to call Shillong. To build a gate to prevent the entry of people and police to ensure patrolling and blocking Other decisions regarding the fight against COVID-19, it has been decided that the doctors of the PHC should take action to provide assistance to the quarantine center Mawryngkneng if there is information from them. Asha and Anganwadi workers if they do not have the right to treat those who are under quarantine.
These families or people who received assistance from the Poor Committee include Pearcy Pariong from Lawse, West Khasi Hills, Lila Shabong from Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills, Wanbeit Sten from Mawkdok, Kso from Lum. Bhin Ksiar of Syrthan Mawkynrew, Riston Kurbah of Weilyngkut and Drat Jana of Dira village, Sohiong.
Earlier, hundreds of jobs under the NHM were provided to the residents of the State although it is surprising that none from Garo Hills.
However, these quarrymen are still continuing this work until now which has led to the destruction and deterioration of this road which is the budlum of various villages in this area. This is the only road that makes it easier for the people to travel to Jowai and makes it easier for the people to reach any health centers quickly.
“It is felt that non-MLAs should also participate in this committee,” said Bah Lapang.
The Megha Kayak Fest 2023 will be held from the 12th to the 14th of this month at Umtrew River near Umtham. , Bhoi district.
Another match between Ri Bhoi DCA and East Jaintia Hills DCA had to be canceled due to heavy rain.
The chief guest said that from now on, filmmakers can no longer produce films lymmuh, because there is a committee, which looks after the writing and creation of films headed by the Deputy Commissioner, before being allowed to make a public announcement.
Shillong, Nailur 5: The Bhowal People's Federation (BPF) on Tuesday alleged that the Acting Syiem of Bhowal Hima, Bah Kynsai N, who has been in office for more than three years, has committed many crimes. One of the things that the Acting Syiem has done, which the BPF has alleged, is that he has prevented the people from getting the development schemes that they have to get through. in the C&RD Block.
Those who came from Shillong Archdiocese, Nongstoin Diocese and Village Churches of Ladrymbai Parish from Jowai Road PARKING 6: At the old logging factory ground before reaching the road to Parish Ladrymbai.
Kings 3:10 – And the speech pleased the LORD, that Solomon had asked this thing.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 06: A group of parents and youth led by Bah Sparlindro Lyngdoh Marshillong today closed down two schools. They are located in Mawthawpdah village.
Heavy rainfall is expected in most parts of the state and will affect East Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and other parts of the state. East Jaintia Hills , West Jaintia Hills, West Garo Hills, South Garo Hills.
The Minister said that in the last three years no complaint has been received and the work has been going smoothly but suddenly on 23rd June 2013, the Assam Police from Jrikendeng Police Station, West Karbi Anlong. they came to disrupt the matter.
In the past few days, there has been a heavy clash between the Karbi and the Khasi Pnar people in Lapangap where the Khasi are no longer able to cultivate and harvest their rice from their fields.
Mawlot said that in Ri Khasi everyone believes in God whether they are Christians or non-Christians.
Alfred Lyngdoh, Publicity Secretary of the HYC, Ri Bhoi Sepngi, said that the HYC cannot help but express its concern to learn that many of the foreign workers have come from different places and have come to smuggle. They are raised and managed by the village leaders as well as government employees.
Recently, 2,000 books worth Rs 6 crore were seized on the border of Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu.
According to the statement, the large number of people who attended the meeting from all parts of the area shows that the people still have confidence in their leaders under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma.
The driver of the truck was identified as Khrawkupar Phawa (30) of Sohmynting village.
This is a sign of protest against the increasing price of petrol and diesel.
The project is located behind the All Saints School where a large road has been built and covered with dewbilat.
The purpose of this is also to open up opportunities for children who have dropped out of school, as well as for women and villagers from the North Eastern States. (North East).
Its power can shock or surprise, it can shock or surprise, it can stir or stir up the hearts of its listeners.
The positions to be filled are President, Vice-President, General Secretary, Assistant General Secretary, Education Secretary, Organizing Secretary, Information & Publicity Secretary, Office Secretary, Sports & Cultural Secretary and Environment Secretary.
“According to the RTI, we have found that the council has never held a meeting but the government has spent T.2,87,18,941 tyngka in the last three years to pay the salary of the Chairman, the Co-Chairmen, Vice-Chairmen and others while they don't give any advice to the government,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 18: The High Court has postponed the hearing of the MLA/MDC case for two months.
There is also a place where the wind blows and calms the mind.
Brawell said that according to the information he received from the PIO, the former Syiem has continued to receive an honorarium of T.25,000 per month for nine months. on 1st November 2018, 2nd March, 2018, 17th November 2018, 18th November 2018, 10th July 2019, 15th June 2019 and 9th October
Police said that the driver of the truck fled the scene immediately after the incident.
When you talk about the mindset, we also know what the mindset is," he said.
After that, he continued to showcase his skills to the team until they won their third World Cup 2022 trophy after the tie-breaker in the final against France. in Doha.
Bah Deng, too, has done many things, which he is the only one among the people of Meghalaya, who has done all kinds of things that are well known, which it is no longer necessary to mention.
The theme of the drawing will be “Global Warming” and the topic of the competition will be “The need for school children to use school buses to and from school”.
Pynshngain was replaced by HS Shylla from the NPP after receiving the support of 17 MDCs from the UDP, NPP, PDF, HSPDP and Independent.
There are 40 clubs divided into 10 groups of four clubs in each group.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Kharbuki said that other political parties want to join hands with the BJP. “It is the NPP, UDP and others. In Sohiong, people look more to the BJP which is leading the CM,” he said.
The opening ceremony was attended by the President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh Don Kupar Dkhar (IAS Rtd) in the presence of the three Vice Presidents of the District Council (JPK). They included Rev O. Pyngrope, Rev Wallamphang Roy, Rev Arwas S Tariang, President and Secretary of the Governing Body Rev Banteilang S Rumnong, Rev Richard H. Dkhar, former Principals, Teachers, Students and others. others.
According to police, 135 people have been arrested between 2013 and
However, the courage of the rangbah to oppose the decision of the Nongdhar Dorbar Shnong came to an end after they were summoned to appear at Nartiang Police Station on the 18th of this month.
This was announced by the Sports Secretary Shipai Ialam Nongrem.
Hopefully with the help of the government we will be able to buy cars for every household even in the villages.
“It is possible that the Foreign Ministry will make arrangements to hand over these Myanmar troops to the Myanmar government through the Assam Rifles,” said a police chief.
They also alleged that Dr Tariang has taken the money without the approval of the KJPA. They said that they have asked the RTI for information about the hospital but they have not given any information. Your RTI is not your own hospital.
Nongkya, Jymmang 31: Rupang has spoken to the Secretary of the Church of God for the death of 8 people. Church of God S.Myrsing.
The Minister of State in charge of Public Health Engineering (PHE), Marcuise N Marak, today said that the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) in Meghalaya has been free of corruption and clean. suspicious.
He stressed that the Government has built more stadiums and playgrounds in the last five years than in the last 45 years.
The Government has followed the directions of the NGT and other environmental agencies are vigilant and if there is such an act they should report it.
Due to the fact that it was the Sohra Market Day, most of the residents of the Sohra area did not have the opportunity to take part in the registration process.
It is easy to blame but let us work together to find solutions and not to point fingers or blame on this issue,” said Bah Ronnie.
Gen 2:7, “And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.
According to information received, he was hiding the Ganja in the yard of his house and after receiving the information, the villagers informed the police and arrested him.
Shanti Jiban Chakma, son of Ranga Chandra Chakma, completed his Higher Secondary School in Arts at Cachar College in Silchar, Assam.
Regarding the Ventilators, Thermal Scanners and Non-Touch Thermometers, Dr. Warr said that they are still on the way and will be sent to them soon. district.
Regarding the Residential School and Teacher Training Center which has been left lying idle for five years, the union has asked the Director of DSEL and DERT to look into it and talk to the State Government to implement it as it will benefit the youth of the area from those who are studying and those who are unemployed.
India has experienced an increase in start-ups working to improve AT solutions for people with disabilities by using modern technologies to innovate equipment for of which can contribute to their participation and improvement of their livelihoods with the support of the Government of India.
The film has beaten other top grossing films of 2019, such as Kabir Singh, Bharat and Uri: The Surgical which grossed Rs 200 crore in nine days.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, on Tuesday said that the sudden decision of the state government to implement the Prevention of Disqualification Act. The Amendment Bill, 2015 is to strengthen the struggle of the Village Authorities who are fighting against the discrimination of the State Government.
Otherwise, ASHAs will not be allowed to work and work for a long time.
The Kyndongtuber Church invites the Paradoh Parasnam of the Bri u Hynniewtrep and the parishioners of the Diocese of Jowai to come and witness the closing day of the 100th Anniversary of the Diocese of Jowai. to take part in the Eucharistic Posession of the Parish of St. Claret Mooksiang at their home.
Shullai is understood to replace AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Marak, Assistant Director, Horticulture (PS&C), Bah Marbakynsai Marbaniang, M.A.S., Assistant Director, Agriculture, I/C Tea Development Centre, Umsning, Bah  ML Suiam, M.A.S., OSD, Directorate of Food Processing, Bare Diish Lamen, Ramen , Tea Board of India including experts and officers involved in the efforts to develop the Slasha cultivation in this area.
“We don't want Meghalaya to be like these cities of India,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF) led by Ma Chandame Sungoh, Chairman, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District and the CEM of JHADC. After the Assam government illegally constructed a road at Pdeiñ Shareiñ under Shilliang Myntang District, the construction of this road started from Karbi Anglong.
Abhay Negi scored 2/46, Ravi Teja 1/21 and Yadav scored 1/4
When talking about political parties, we also hear about that patriotism.
The program featured patriotic songs and traditional dances from various artists of Eastern West Khasi Hills District and those who came from Shillong as well.
Police of East Jaintia Hills District, who conducted a search operation near Lumshnong Police Station on NH-06 on Tuesday, witnessed two trucks coming from opposite directions. One from Khliehriat and one from Umkiang have been registered with the same registration number plate JK02-AU-5
The BSF seized these bags and when they opened the bags, they found that they were sarees worth T.11 lakh. and East Khasi Hills District.
Meghalaya is now waiting to face Manipur or Mizoram in the final.
Speaking on the threat to the nation if those Bangladeshis who will invade the country through the CAA come, he said, “We don't want the Balat language to turn into the Bharat language”.
Over the years the band has been known for its several hit series which has also attracted many music lovers.
However, suddenly while they were passing by in a Mahindra pick up, armed men suddenly appeared and stopped the vehicle by opening fire, and sent down the nine persons but the driver was released. to this car.
In his wisdom and power, we see this world as it is.
“Also present on the occasion were MLA of Shillong East Ampareen Lyngdoh, NPP Nongthymmai candidate Dr. Jasmine Lyngdoh, North Shillong candidate Ransom Sutnga, Laitumkhrah MDC Malki Bah Fantin. NPYF National President Nicky Nongkhlaw, Mayborn Rapthap Shillong City President, Manroi Kharpuri Vice President and leaders of the Meghalaya Billiards and Snooker Association.
With cooperation there is no problem in eradicating any or all dangerous species.
In fact, the volunteers of KHNAM under the leadership of Adelbert Nongrum, James Ban Basaiawmoit, Latiplang Kharkong, all three MDCs and KHNAM General Secretary Pyndapbor Saiborn had planned to hold a strike inside the ground. The State Central Library Shillong, but the district administration has not been able to do so.
“Employment in Meghalaya has come about through the new industrial policy which has greatly simplified the working methods,” said the CM while speaking at a workshop on the Human Development Leadership Program on the 24th. Jymmang, which was held at Tura with the participation of DCs, BDOs and officers from Districts and Block of four districts in Garo Hills.
The rapid growth of science and technology has become one of the topics that has enlightened many adults, because many of them don't know how to use it, but while young children They didn't have the power to destroy them.
Similarly, poor women will receive Tetanus-Diphtheria Vaccine under this Special Immunization Campaign.
The Election Commission (ECI) has sought clarification from Meghalaya Minister Brolding Nongsiej on the allegation that he distributed money in his constituency under the rural development programme, which is against the rules of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC). ), officials said on June 23.
Police in East Jaintia Hills District have arrested two women with heroin worth T.1.6 crore.
This has worried the State Government and how to act if many of the residents do not come forward to get the right injection and this puts the fight against the disease in great difficulty.
The JNC said Meghalaya seceded from Assam as an independent state in 1972 and the creation of the state was based on the Assam Reorganization (Meghalaya) Act of
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today celebrated its 40th Anniversary at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
Ajay Devgn's new film Tanhaji: The Unsung Warrior has grossed Rs 212.35 crore at the box office. Adarsh, on the seventh day, since the release of the film.
Shillong, March 18: The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has requested to lift the curfew on the 22nd of this month as it coincides with the XXI Convocation Day to be held on the 22nd of this month. 22nd of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi on Tuesday said that the police have arrested 224 drug traffickers and 37 drug traffickers. among them were women.
Colombia came fourth out of 10 teams with four points.
We have also seen the news on 25.08.2020 which says – “Government orders Rangbah Shnongs “Do not quarantine those who come from other districts.
He has been a strong hill state activist since the 1950s and it was his group that struggled not to accept an autonomous state but to demand a full fledged state.
Condemning the agreement, the former Chief Minister said that the soskular has been handed over to Assam by Meghalaya.
Once again I want to say, Choose the wise and understanding; We shall be the owners of our own country, We shall not be like pigs.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Friday visited a woman admitted to Ganesh Das Hospital. Dris Mynsong of Thadrang after allegations that the hospital has not provided adequate treatment as it deserves.
“You can imagine,” said Bah Torin, “that even the law kyntang was divided among the four kurs, Lalu himself cut down the trees but this king did nothing”.
The fees are the lowest compared to other colleges in our State, class fees are allowed to be paid up to 4 or 5 times a year as much as possible.
The celebration of the Silver Jubilee was resumed with the reading of the Word of God and prayer by Tymmenbasan TS Lyngdoh and the choir singing by the Samla Balang Lawrapha.
“Allowing it to work independently will improve the health of the State and the region as a whole,” he said.
Generous said that no meat farmer was willing to buy these cows at auction but they were bought by smugglers to Bangladesh.
“However, now that we have got this road, we are very happy because the vehicles have been able to reach the house.
To follow the customs of man to break the law of God is a great sin.
He said that they employ their children, they employ their family members, so he said that this personal interview has affected our youth.
On the other hand, the Government said that the hospital should be running smoothly and these political struggles within the hospital should end immediately and in fact it should have ended long ago. said Bah Hek.
With this victory, Lajong have moved up to the top of the SPL 2018 points table with 26 points and have qualified for the semi finals.
It is necessary to eradicate this terrible disease, without the setting of the sun and without the rising of the moon.
My main goal is to build a good cooperation among all the MDCs,” said the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, after filing his nomination papers today.
The players who have been trained include Thunun R Marak, Justin Fancon, Ferando BM Sangma, Dipankar Barua, while the support staff include Sandipan Deb Nath (head coach), Mark A Laloo (assistant coach), Gregory G. Syiemlieh (trainer), Ham boy Langbang (physio), Prewindsong Sangma (manager).
It was produced by Kendra Singh Kurkalang and written by Mike Denzil Khasi.
We as the owners of the Coke Factories in Sutnga District would like to clarify to the public the allegation of the Environmental Coordination Committee (ECC) on the construction of Coke Factories in Sutnga District.
The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (ECC) will hold a Talent Search at Mawryngkneng on the 6th August from 9 AM onwards.
It is in this regard, that the union, has gone to discuss with the head of NHIDCL on the condition of the NH-40 road which has caused problems and danger and the disruption of the transportation of goods of farmers and merchants.
The race will start from Laitsohpliah to Sohra to Mawsmai and will include Elite 21k, Meghalayan 10k, Run For Fun 5k and Veteran Over 55 years.
Remember that eating public money means that you have stolen the rights of the poor and God will do what is right in the time of these.
After seeing and experiencing the complaints of the people of the state from the deterioration of the roads, the government has decided to set up this body for the improvement of the roads including the necessities. emergency situations such as natural disasters and also to maintain roads from time to time.
The awards were distributed by MCA President Naba Bhattacharjee in the presence of other members.
Shillong, June 16: The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday said that members of the ANVC and ANVC (B) will return to the forest due to being deceived by the state government.
Speeches were also delivered by the producer of the Khasi film, who said that he hopes that it will be a successful film in this season, which has been shot for many years.
After the bomb blast, the residents who heard of the incident started fighting against the CRP by throwing stones at the CRP. They fled to the camp at Mawlai Nongkwar.
India's young badminton player Lakshya Sen has reached the semifinals of the Thailand Open, according to reports. They beat Malaysia's Leong Jun Hao 21-19, 21-1
Besides, the Seng Kynthei Mawkhar, which owns the Lasara Play School, which is a place to look after the children during the time when their parents go to work, also honored a teacher of the school, the Ibadahunshisha Lymba and the assistant of the area, Kong Homely Lymba and also the two supporters of the Mawkhar Women's Wing including Bah Kyrshan Kharnaïor and Bah Aemon Nongrum in the presence of the members of the Dorbar Shnong. and the families of the honorees.
But this wasn’t always the case in the old days.
Shillong, Nailur, 19: While the garbage collectors of the Synroplang Self Help Group are busy collecting the garbage collected by the residents and shopkeepers of Mawpat Circle-III, Shawshaw village on Tuesday afternoon. Suddenly, they were surprised to find the body of a newborn baby wrapped in a tin of oil.
In the video, which was taken on the 26th of November, a police patrol officer in Lapangap village escaped from the use of knives and ryntieh. on the other hand.
“Until now, the NHAI has not been able to clean the road and it has caused traffic jam every day,” said KSU Narpuh Circle President Phanuel Tongper who inspected the road from Mynkre to Malidor on Tuesday.
The Government should have provided more dignified and safe places for the vendors.
In the field of health, we see many shortcomings and lack of health facilities in our villages.
The West Jaintia Hills District Court has sentenced four persons involved in the murder and rape.
Please contact the Research Unit.
Lambok said that as soon as he received information that the KSU will hold a strike, the members of the KSU have not yet arrived but the police have already arrived at the venue. Police, we don't come here to create trouble or disturb the village but to express our sorrow for the suffering of our brothers and sisters, why can't the government send police to Block I, Block II or Langpih-ka? The Assam government can send dozens of police vehicles in a few minutes – our government cannot,” he said.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 10: The HSPDP of Mawkyrwat Circle has elected new office bearers of the party after the resignation of former leaders. He has joined the United Democratic Party (UDP) in the past few days.
Bah Deng's explanation is like turning into the last son of the brothers? Then on the statement of Bah Deng in these newspapers Kynjatshai and Nongsain Hima, that the chiefs in 2012-13 opposed He also mentioned some of the issues discussed during the meetings, related to the involvement of the French authorities in In 1897, the Garo Hills Act 1873, which, like the above mentioned Committee, felt that the Garo Hills should also consider, how to reintroduce it under the ILP Act in Meghalaya, because how to introduce only in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
These employees of MeECL today gathered at the ground floor of MeECL and decided to intensify their strike by holding an indefinite strike against the department's silence on their demands. .
According to information received from the District Police, the child was admitted to the hospital a few days before the incident, but that night while she was sleeping with her mother in the hospital. At 10:00 pm, the mother went to the bedroom where she picked up and took the child. At that time, the mother of the child asked why she took the child. She said that she wanted to leave, so without thinking, the mother allowed her to leave.
They went in and asked for food with a puri.
This is what has led to the rise of the Party, which has been in power for two terms in India.
"Reaching the final was a surprise for the Czech player because she underwent twice knee surgery last year and missed 2022.
The CEM said that all these beat houses of JHADC have about 10 employees.
Besides, in the past few days, two cows of a man from Ksehkohlong village have been stolen from the farm in the evening.
As soon as I entered with the young man, the Engineer asked me.
Bah N.Shylla, Rangbah Shnong, ASHA workers, village leaders and others were present on the occasion. and others.
He said that only the works that have already started should continue to be completed while the works that have not yet started should not be implemented.
There have been changes in the Group-A fixture in the Shillong zone where Seng Samla Laitryngew will play against Umkseh SC today and Mawlai SC will play against Langsning FC. It has been postponed to tomorrow, 19th January.
It also shows unacceptability and confuses and puts them in doubt about the path they choose.
Malki is now getting another opportunity to improve in the upcoming tournament.
To conclude this news, I would like to share with you the story of Bah Dmikstar Lyngdoh, New Nongstoiñ. In 1926, his mother Radon Lyngdoh and his son Suwansing Lyngdoh went together to Rilang Market.
Shillong, Jymmang 15 : Two vehicles were seriously damaged and some of the occupants managed to escape from a landslide on Rngaiñ Road near Pynursla.
It is expected that more and more players will showcase their skills at the Khelo India Para Games so that they can improve in their sports.
The vehicle was coming from Sookilo area of ​​Sutnga and had Assam license plate. When searched the vehicle was found 10 boxes of explosives including 2000 gelatin sticks, 1000 rounds of gelatin sticks and 1000 rounds of gelatin sticks. It was found that these explosives weighed up to 250 kilos.
Teams who wish to participate in this tournament can collect their application forms from the office of the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District on or before 13th October
The STF team left Guwahati in the morning and found the vehicle at Krishnai at 1 pm.
Therefore, it is not too difficult for parents who are alive to take care of their beloved and trusted children until the time comes when their children, whom they regard as parrots, will become the source of life. thala in your society.
This call is to convey the message that protecting the environment is essential along with the vote of the residents.
The college is located on an area of ​​7.8 acres, near Shillong Polytechnic on 16.11 acres.
The suspect was identified as Pateja O Sangma under Section 5 (j)(ii)(l)(n)/6 of the POCSO Act. According to the Superintendent of Police, the Court issued this order on 23rd October.
Speaking to media, the Director of the Jaintia Hills Development Society said that the society has been trying to revive this plant since 2018 at Samanong village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Pynursla, Lber 26: Two stone trucks (ML 10 B 4045 and ML 04 3835) have been set on fire at Sohlong village in Pynursla on Saturday night.
Prestone said the government can no longer listen and tolerate.
He appealed to all his colleagues who will go to the elections to take this issue as a Manifesto, as it is this that will give jobs to this area.
It may be that one of the government ministers will have to step down.
Mawsiang FC Nongkhroh and Pateinki Sabah won the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy 2013 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Monday.
Like the days of Matyrdom,The plague is spreading from the sky;When will the plague end? All the countries of the world are amazed; ,Kim doesn't understand the power of the disease.
The foundation of any newspaper is to write the truth, otherwise no one trusts it and it is immediately rejected by the readers and has to be closed down. else but the truth).
The Commandant of BSF Dawki and the Sub Inspector of BSF said that the camp is part of the Joint Mobile Check Post. a temporary camp not a shirt.
The Seng is deeply saddened by this tragic incident and wishes her a speedy recovery from her injury.
“At 4 pm we spoke to the hospital authorities from Guwahati and they said that Das has recovered,” said Sanjay Goyal, Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills. The government's report on Das's condition has come not only from the hospital but also from his family members.
They were arrested on a complaint at Gasuapara and Silkigre police stations.
C Nongdhar scored the first goal for MLP in the 28th minute while R. Marbaniang scored for Mawkhar SC in the 41st minute.
On Tuesday, July 19, Jasbir Singh Dimpa MP from Punjab led a four-member delegation to meet with Defense Minister James Sangma.
The MCA on this occasion honored the stadium managers led by Bah Peter Jarman Lamare, who have improved the stadium including the stadium and outside.
The union through the petition, said that if the construction is completed but if it is left lyngkrang without being used, this school building will turn into a den of criminals.
Emboklang and other players of the national team are currently preparing for the tournament in Fartoda, Goa, as part of the preparations for the upcoming tournament. sha this lympung.
To date, we have been able to produce many players who have appeared in domestic and foreign tournaments as well as brought glory to the State as a whole.
When asked why the HSPDP has taken such a decision to dissolve the party in these districts, Ardent said, “The older people have become weak and have lost their cards. want to allow people to join new members".
He said he would conduct a thorough investigation to find out the truth.
A Committee headed by the Chief Secretary will also be set up to consider and approve the applications for officers who wish to receive further training.
It is reported that a child, who is physically disabled, who is believed to have been raped, was reported not to have been raped, but to have been raped. kitei that bar State.
The Government intends to expand the number of jobs to support young men under the Swami Vivekananda Yuvashakti Yojane.
He compared the number of tourists between Meghalaya and other states in the North East which have implemented the ILP, which varies from sky to earth.
Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the UDP, contested the Lok Sabha elections in 2019 with the support of the NPP, but was defeated by the Congress candidate, Ma. Vincent Shovel.
They then left the tea shop and went back to their office room.
I have nothing against the HSPDP which has nominated a candidate (to contest against me).
Those who received the assistance are Stella Dohling from Upper Lumparing, S. Mawlong from Lower Lumparing, Adrina Dkhar from Lower Lumparing, Lit Kharmuti from Upper Lumparing, R. Rynjah from Upper Lumparing, Sapini Bhowmick of Lower Lumparing, K. Das of Upper Laban and Purnima Thapa of Riat Laban.
The police are free to play the role".
He said that the presence of MLAs who want to change from one party to another has caused a stir in the Khadar rule as it has happened in the past years but now it cannot happen again. This is because the Congress party cannot allow such an act.
“Well why not, this is not in our hands but it gives us opportunities.
Balgrik Sangma failed to take any wicket and scored 1/3
Kharang SC opened the scoring through Damansani Kharsahnoh (41').
The group also met with the CEM, JHADC, where they expressed their opposition to the Aadhar number and the CEM said that he will convene a meeting of his EC to discuss. on this subject Aadhar.
But the angel said unto them, Fear not: for unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.
At the shop, I asked him why and he said that he had dropped about Rs.10,000/- tyngka in a vehicle coming from his shop.
“In the last MLA elections for the VPP, nobody counted the years and they didn't expect us to win four seats and the votes would be like that.
Fourteen people died after eating the soh 'Ptah' which in Pnar is a soh that comes from a tree called the Ptah tree. bih, where the bark of this tree was used to kill fish, according to the elders of the area.
Does Covid affect only the elderly and those with pre-existing conditions? Covid can affect everyone, from children to the elderly.
The All Hynniewtrep People's United Front (AHPUF) on the 8th of this month distributed relief goods to 70 poor families in Mihmyntdu and Jowai.
Upon hearing the complaints, the union immediately went to meet with the Associate Professor at her office.
Shillong: Speaking in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the new CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday recalled that during his tenure as CEM in 2004, he cleaned up the corruption scandal. The most dangerous inside the District Council and this is the vehicles of the District Council.
The 17th All Independence Cup International Karate Championship 2023 was organized by Seikokai Karate India in collaboration with the Karate India Organizations (KIO) which has been recognized by the World Karate Federation (WKE), the Asian Karate Federation ( AKF) and also the Indian Olympic Association (IOA).
Teachers and other groups responsible for the country, but the government has taken a hasty decision without respecting the voice of the majority,” said the statement.
KSU Namdong has distributed 100 bags of rice to 6 persons who are under quarantine at Mukhnang SSA LP School.
Speaking to media, Bah IA Diengdoh, owner of the shop, said that the purpose of opening the shop is to market the ryndia jaiñ produced from Ri-Bhoi. The manufacturers of Ri-Bhoi have been complaining about the lack of market and sadly, there has been a lack of ownership even from other states of the clothes manufactured by the manufacturers of Ri-Bhoi.
“I have already spoken to your Rangbah Shnong on this, but they have not done anything yet and now I tell you that if you come to the JHADC office to ask for patta or any dulir in “The JHADC will give you a license which means you don't have to pay any fee,” said the CEM of JHADC. The Minister of PWD Building, C Ymbon said that as the people of the area, we should have love and unity.
The order was issued after receiving information that the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (UVH) will hold a rally at the Secretariat.
Hamas militants, on motorcycles and pick up trucks, entered the village, in order to kill those who managed to get away on that fateful morning.
The MPCC has accepted Bah Sawkmie even after the Mawlai Block Congress in a statement recently, refused to accept him.
He said that the implementation of the GST should eliminate the toll gates at the borders of the states, but until now, there are still toll gates from vehicles in these states.
The Food Fest will be held in collaboration with the Clients (FSWs) and families of those who have become addicted to drugs and alcohol who come to the Counseling Center of the Urban Mission, Shillong Ri Lum Presbytery and Mawlai Presbytery.
Assam police also admitted that the woman was mentally retarded and had walked around the police station.
Since 2018, Meghalaya has been recognized as one of the most beautiful places in terms of mountains and rivers.
Pay For Right Football Academy Shillong beat MLPFT 2-0 in the Knock Out Football Tournament 2023 organized by Ri Khasi Social & Cultural Sports Club at Kurkalang Stadium, Lumdaitkhla Bhoi. .
Reports also say that within six years she lost her husband, two children, mother and brother due to their deaths.
for Jesus shall come to deliver, to judge, and to reign in peace upon this earth.
He said this will help restore income and opportunities for those who have been employed in the coal industry in the past.
The prize money for the winners of Miss 1 Nartiang Constituency will be T.50,000 for the first place, T.30,000 for the second place and T.20,000 for the second place. three.
Therefore, the issuance of new T 2000 notes has been suspended in 2018-1
He joined the UDP, then joined the HSPDP and finally when he left the party he formed the VPP. One to win this election, but everyone is surprised that the VPP has won up to four seats.
“The Central Government will complete the erection of the signboard on the border as soon as the State Government has allocated the land,” said the source.
Due to the absence of the Lat, it was learned that they have sent a letter and will meet him when he arrives in Shillong.
In addition, in Notification No.PW/Admn/39/2015/144-A: Regarding the relocation of the Head Quarters of PWD Roads, North Jowai Division from Jowai to Shangpung, the Governor has also approved to change the name. This order shall remain in force from now until further notice.
Therefore, T.1.81 crore has been released to the company,” the government said, adding that the same percentage has been released as usual for the construction of the Shillong harvesting plant at Mawlai Mawiong.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Ransom Sutnga, Co-Chairman of Meghalaya Industrial Development Corporation Ltd. and President of Mawkhar Sports Club. AMKA has won this tournament and especially that since 1981 AMKA has produced up to 200 athletes who have won medals at the National Level and 20 athletes who have won medals. in the stages that have been held around the world with the hope that more sports stars will emerge.
However, in cases where they feel it is necessary to give most or all of the share to the youngest child through a Will or Deed, this Act will allow them to do so.
Dhoni has also been appointed Vice-President of India Cements Ltd.
“Our heritage is dependent on hydropower projects and for central generation, which does not exist but we still have enough electricity,” Mondal told reporters.
“We have said that the Chief Minister Solar Mission has been launched but there is no announcement to provide subsidy for this.
“Yes, but they have expressed this in Garo Hills,” said the UDP leader. The National People's Party (NPP) has given 18 MLAs from 24 constituencies to ensure that the Prime Minister should be from their own ethnic group.
He said the party has already sent a letter to the government through the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma on the ILP. “We will continue to take other measures to curb the entry of foreigners into the state,” said Bah Ardent.
He accused the government of not listening to the demand of the VPP to change according to the number of paid as it has affected the Khasi in the employment.
Even if the Delhi government does not provide more money, it should clarify that even if it provides less, the government should ask for it to meet the needs of the people.
Speaking to media, these leaders said that the Union after a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs has expressed its strong opposition to this and unanimously decided not to accept and reject the war. this is the law.
However, we are willing to admit that we are a tipbriew tipblei nation.
The Minister said that the festivals have been a great help in promoting tourism and those who have visited Meghalaya have praised the state.
To show that you love your nature, don't let it be just a stone but it has its own service to us who used to live in it, even if we spend money and don't understand how it benefits us through the four seasons.
Motions and others were scheduled for the 8th, including the introduction of the bill and other government matters.
Mawkyrwat, March 31: Iwelljohn Ramsiej (19:53:42) and Kyntimon Marweiñ (23:26:59) are the two runners who won the 19:53:42 race. The 6 kilometer Run for Unity was organized by the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the District Sports Promotion Society.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Priang Unit on Tuesday met with the Assistant Executive Engineer of MECL Shangpung to demand the construction of a transformer at Priang village, West Jaintia Hills.
Besides the youth and the elderly, the women have also started working hard to go to the villages to appoint offices without waiting for the candidate in order to strengthen the party before the election. to the State Legislative Assembly next year.
There will be these current MLAs who will move to other parties according to their counts and preferences.
Without a doubt, the upcoming elections in the next six months is also the time for the voters to look back on what they have received from their leader in the past few years and what they have received. brought to their communities all these years.
There are only five months left before the people elect the new MDCs to the KHADC. the public.
Commenting on the protest to demand a Prime Minister from Khasi-Jaintia, Bah Sniawbhalang said, “To demand a Khasi Prime Minister is wrong because we have to respect the decision of the people”.
On the other hand, the former leader recalled that during their tenure in the party, they used to recruit athletes in various fields on the basis of the sports quota.
In the final match between Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School and Mawjaraiñ Presbyterian Secondary School, Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School won the match. Mawjaraiñ Presbyterian Secondary School beat Mawjaraiñ Presbyterian Secondary School 2-0 in the 17-year-old boys' category.
Debor Kesaar scored the 9 goals in the 11th minute, Arlangki Nongsiej in the 45+1 minute, Wanlamsuk Nongkhlaw in the 58th and 72nd minutes and Ernest Marwein in the 58th and 72nd minutes. 67, 69, 73 & 78 and Judge Kharummuid in the 76th minute.
Pala has alleged that the UDP is more corrupt than the NPP and other parties in the MDA government especially in the illegal coal mining.
I don't understand the writing because it's not in Odia," Behera said.
Police have registered a case at Laitumkhrah Police Station and charged him under Section S 21(b)/25/29 of the NDPS Act.
When asked about the government's assistance schemes, Bah Lyngdoh said that the government's assistance schemes can affect the society.
According to the President of the KSU, the KSU will consider whether the Influx Mechanism is necessary to provide protection to the villagers of the state.
Other officers were also present including W. Shabong, District Child Protection Officer, V. War.
“This person has been pretending to be an IB officer for about a year,” said Bah Syiem.
Not only that, there was another organization, called Neki Ki Diwar, a civil society organization, which collected the damaged clothes and put them in a box in Mumbai, for collection and Ranveer's house to wear his own clothes and the video has stirred up the internet yesterday.
On the roads, the Governor said that in 2015-16, 22 km of roads, 180 bridges and 63 dirt roads have been paved.
In the women's category, Balarisha Thyrniang (23:22:59 Sec), Barihun Kharjahrin (25:17:09 Sec), Saralin Lyngdoh Nonglait (25:27:32 Sec), Balinta Marwein (25:27) 59:50 Sec) and the Marthong Reconciliation (28:17:19 Sec).
The District Sports Officer, EKHD invited and invited everyone to take part in this race as a sign of celebration and to celebrate this great day.
On the other hand, u Tyngkan strongly criticized the present government which is full of promises 'which are written and thanked' to the people.
These 30 days, or 1,290 days, foretold by Daniel are still under the rule of the Devil.
Shillong, July 16: The Ri Bhoi Zone (RUPA) through its President, Bah Alos Nongpoh, has clarified that Mawiambei is not a human being. maw sahnam and the Raid did not take care to preserve this stone.
However, the world of today and the culture of the country has not been able to destroy the custom of counting from the mother, even in the midst of the culture of countrymen who want to give birth to men. .
The last Lamphang before the collapse of the old House was Elstone D. Marak, the Chief Minister was Bah EK Mawlong, while the Leader of the Opposition was Bah DD Lapang.
Mary Christine Wriang won the silver medal after defeating the Philippines in the final and the bronze medal in the Waikru event while Alphonsa Wriang won the bronze medal after defeating the Philippines in the final. I lost in the quarterfinals of the Ifma1 tournament.
Speaking to media, the Syiem announced that the state government through the tourism department has already allocated T.4 crore to the district council for the construction of the Monolith. Festival at the Khasi Heritage Village, which has built 53 Hima houses and to showcase the richness of the culture and tradition of the Khasi society.
The three villages invaded by the Nepalis were Moorawi, Khloolaphlang and Umpawiang.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the statement that the state government has returned more than T.5000 crore is wrong. that there was a budget prepared by the government and there was always allocation to spend as well.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that goods such as jhur to be sold in the market from the rural areas, if it is suggested, they should bring them to the same place to sell online through the collaboration with the buyers.
Before leaving Pator Raymond Nartiang across the Myntdu River which is the border of the Raij of Kongwasan Chyrmang, the Dolloi gave the introductory speech followed by a speech by Langdoh Kongwasan and Pator. .
“When asked how many TMC MLAs will join the BJP, Hek said, “How many will come, we will wait and see.
In Ri Bhoi District, 9 cases of influenza like disease have been confirmed at Byrnihat in East Garo Hills District including 8 cases from Rongjeng Bazar. state.
He said that the building at Mynthong has been turned into a 10+2 Higher Secondary School.
The Khasi Pnars are not foreigners and are not illegal residents as written by the CEM of KAAC. to protect the land and the boundaries of the villages and Elaka under the JHADC, 'without any discrimination'
Revelation 6:2-5
Until these days, through this road, it has been found that the electricity posts from Langpih to Mawdiangsnam have remained empty and destroyed.
The performers include Artida Mawkon, Rimix Stone Mawpat, Plogram Mawpat and Ibawanpynhun Khongphai.
This will help to develop their talents and will also be a source of income.
“Through the initiatives of APEDA, there has been an increase in exports of agricultural products from the North Eastern states like Meghalaya, Sikkim, Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh.
Before this meeting, he said that there have been some public meetings which have not been invited as it is now and before this there have been discussions around the area.
Hek denied that the party leaders would leave but said the party welcomes everyone to join the BJP. He said he wants to contest MP from Shillong and Tura but that depends on the knowledge of the BJP. decision of the party.
He said that MeECL has been stingy and there is no sign that it will do this work although they had promised during the strike earlier to complete this work immediately.
Others who attended the meeting included MR Synrem, IAS, Commissioner and Secretary, BS Sohliya, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, RS The West Jaintia Hills Taxi Owners Association (WJHTODA) has urged the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai to remove the speed breakers which are too slow. vehicles and affect the time of travel and coming of the public.
Mawlai FC beat Khliehmawlieh FC 1-0 in the 1st match of the Meghalaya State League (MSL).
Shillong, March 27: The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress on Friday accused the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government of cheating on the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme in the state.
The total number of cases has now reached 416 and in East Khasi Hills, there are 355 cases, 266 BSF personnel, 74 others and 15 soldiers.
Revelation 11:4-6
“Even the government employees don't wear uniforms.
Shillong, Nailur 20 : BJP National Vice President Chuba Ao today declined to comment on the threat of BJP National Vice President Chuba Ao to resign from the MDA government. shine.
When it is in this form, it is the duty of the police to do their utmost to regain the trust of the people.
Longda Bamon, Club Treasurer Rtn.
While distributing these sleeping bags, Ma Sniawbhalang urged the village leaders to distribute them to all the residents so that they can use them during the rainy season.
Earlier, the union had sent a letter to the DMHO on 18th March and promised to send a doctor and a lab technician to work inside the PHC. ai reports.
In the 58th minute, Alvarez struck again, but Lloris saved.
It is not as it should be, there are households who need to burn boarding electricity only three, four bulb units don't even have a TV but they get a light electricity bill along with them. Long houses that require boarding units up to 9, 10 units and those that have TV, and light.
As a village leader, I have a responsibility to urge the relevant authorities and especially the government to take action on this issue,” he said.
Furthermore, the most important message they conveyed through this meeting, besides the need to maintain peace and stability, they also called for love and unity among the people especially the Khasi and Karbi. There are Khasi living in Karbi Anglong, Assam and there are also Karbi living in Meghalaya.
This goal was scored by Deacon Lapasam.
On the other hand, the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Paiem Ken Syiem, said that the election of the Rangbah Shnong today was not scheduled to be held today. The election of the full Rangbah Shnong of Borbhuin will be held on another date.
Police said this after arresting five robbers and murderers.
The Kur has also informed the DC regarding the issues regarding the construction of the religious sites of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien in Nonglyngkien, Mawkyrwat, SWKHD. The DC has promised to take action against those who violate the orders of the office.
He said the Meghalaya government should not surrender to the Assam government, but should suffer.
North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai and Adventist Higher Secondary School, Thadlaskein are the two schools in the list of first ten positions in the HSSLC Science and Commerce results announced by the MBOSE today. Thread.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Wahlang said that he was summoned to appear before the Dorbar Shnong on March 24, 2012 and after that, he was sent to write to the Dorbar Shnong. to leave the city.
Bah Kitborsing Lyngdoh, President of the Seng Samla Shnong Mawkyrwat, gave a short speech on the occasion. The organization of such games is also part of the efforts to encourage the youth in the village to be united and to avoid you don't do anything wrong, especially drugs.
He said that as a party, we want to have a coalition as a synrop group with the MDA for the sake of the people and the state.
The children are the seed of the father – It is he who sows the seed and gives birth to the children, hooid It cannot be said that the mother who has given birth has given birth and has suffered for many months to give birth to her children, but it should not be denied that she has suffered for them.
Speaking on the issuance of trading licences, Latiplang said that from now on, the KHADC will not accept only the NOCs issued by the Syiem or Rangbah Shnong, but the NOCs must be produced by the land owners. shopkeeper.
Dr Mukul said the AITC will stand firmly against the MoU together with the people so that it will not succeed at all.
The amendment to the 6th Schedule, which has been proposed by the State Government, has raised the question whether once the amendment has been passed, the 42 Nokma in Khasi Hills and other Garo in Khasi Hills will be affected. Khasi Hills, where else will they go? He said that this shows that the 42 Nokma in Khasi Hills, will suffer the same discrimination as the Hindu tribals like Hajong, Koch, Rabha, Bodo and others.
“When students feel comfortable in the language, talents and skills will develop without any hindrances," Modi said.
Dasakhiat, who defeated Julius in the last election, said that there is no MLA in Mawhati who has treated the people as well as Julius.
In the afternoon, there was a prayer dance by St. Mary Mazzarello Convent, Jowai, a choir piece by Bl.
What the people need to understand is that society needs leaders who will not be controlled by others.
Almost all of his songs have been sold well, and Pohsnem said that the listeners of his songs have reached 4 million or 40 lakh listeners.
Shillong: U Grace M Kharpuri today sent a letter to the Governor of Meghalaya informing her that she has left the United Democratic Forum (UDF). and joined the United Democratic Alliance (UDA).
At the same time, the state government has ordered those who violate the rules to pay a quarantine fee of T2,000/- per day.
“The VAB has been closely monitored by the government after being sent by the district council but it is the central government through the office of the Governor who has found the shortcomings of the VAB because it was created without implementation. in accordance with the terms and conditions recommended by the government".
Speaking on the occasion, Mondal said the reason why the government is forced to extinguish the fire is because there is no other way to supply electricity and another reason why it has to extinguish the fire is because there is a disaster such as being tied by the pyrthat, the wind blowing the wires, the falling of the trees and other reasons.
“Because before we appeal to the government, we have to think about the people,” he said.
But Martha was distracted with much serving.
We have taken this forward by creating jobs to reserve space for them in the Lok Sabha and Legislative Assemblies in the States.
“That friend said something within 9 o'clock,” replied Kynsai.
“We are obedient and orderly, we obey the orders of the party in Delhi,” said BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh while announcing the decision.
A drunkard who bought 2 liters of Kyiad from a winestore, when he reached the village, he was knieh by the VDPs and they threw away the Kyiad so that he could not drink anymore. The tax; tip the government will continue to refund the tax that you have already paid and if you are bad book you will be beaten, shocked, beaten, killed; naive.
Besides the presence of the KSU President, Lambok Rymbai, Vice President, James Hitler Mawphniang, General Secretary, On the occasion, Lambokstarwell Marngar, u Lambokstarwell Marngar, expressed his satisfaction to see that the students of the KSU have joined the KSU. They want to be like those full members of the KSU, that is, to look after not only the welfare of the KSU, but the most important thing is to be like those fighters and the protector of the country and nation.
Here, the Prime Minister of the country announced that the whole country has been closed down. “Join hands together to prevent the spread of this disease”.
So far, the Home Ministry has not commented on the resolution passed by the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya and the question we all ask now is: Does the Government of India want the Indigenous Peoples (Hynniewtrep and Achik) ) will become minorities in their own country as has happened to the people of Tripura, Sikkim and many parts of Assam.
Irene Hujon, President CSWO and Rosetta War, Joint Secretary CSWO, said that the CSWO will continue to take necessary action in this regard. The District Arts and Culture Society Nongstoin in collaboration with the Apple Society Nongstoin, which will be held on the 23rd and 24th of this month at Nongkhnum, has gone smoothly.
Regarding the death of the cows, Vesper Lamare lodged a complaint with the EJNC and the EJNC on 21st January went to inspect and found that the cow pens were filled with dirty water. and many of the sheep died.
This is according to Samla Ribok Nongspung who is a min local wine even though they have received a license from the Government while foreign companies are allowed to put brand wine even though it is an alcoholic beverage. too.
“I want to clarify here that we have not gone to arrest those who sit on the streets but we have gone to check the licenses of all foreigners who do not have licenses whether they are sitting on the streets or in shops.
Sistina said that Bokstar had told her that if she arrested him within 12 days, he would pay a fee to release him.
Other speakers on the occasion, President, MSDS included Dominic Lyngdoh, Rtd Jt.
Meghalaya, the indigenous state of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo and the minorities, should not allow or accept large factories or to dam rivers or to mine mineral resources because this not only destroys the surroundings, but it will displace the natives.
There are 36 households affected by the cyclone in the village including the most severely affected and the most damaged. Also present were the residents of Nongrimai, Pastor DWS War, Sordar of Nongrimai, Bah SL Nongrang, elders and others.
At the same time, they said that the current payment system should not be cancelled.
Shillong, June 20: Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie on Friday said that the construction of the road from Umphrew to Nongkohlew will soon start and the government has already allocated funds for the construction of the road from Umphrew to Nongkohlew. this purpose.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The ruling National People's Party (NPP) has decided to contest from Shillong and Tura parliamentary seats in the Lok Sabha elections next year.
Levestar Phawa scored 40 runs (3×4 and 4×6), Nehlang Pariat and Richel Passah scored 21 runs each. Tremiki Dkhar took three wickets in four overs.
We are grateful for the soldiers who accompanied us.
We want to prevent any complaints and we want to see that the VPP understands the situation we are in and we request the VPP not to take other measures or come to a discussion that they have not yet understood in their minds.
At the end of the second day, Meghalaya lost by 99,390 runs after Bihar scored 489 runs in the first innings.
He said that after the Khasi protested against the Hima Sohra, the Hima lodged an FIR against them.
He said that the hospital will provide free medicines and treatment to the low income people and free of charge to the residents of Meghalaya.
They too will grow in the years to come, for they have their own kind of counting, which we don't know.
Shillong, June 11: An 11-year-old girl has been tied up by a man named Fredrick Kharsyntiew.
If the celebration is only one day, it doesn't make sense because Jesus is the Son of God and he is also God, not man.
Therefore, all these land have been placed in the city, and those who build houses must first obtain permission from the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) and cannot build houses without permission from MUDA. She said that this has been publicized from time to time through the media.
The poor are sick in poor hospitals while the rich are in adequate hospitals. He said that the poor are suffering because they don't know anyone while the rich are many. Their friends - the officials - to find jobs, to set up their own jobs, he says that the poor cannot because they have to have their own money while the rich don't worry.
Noting that the election issues of other parties may not be serious, Sinha on the other hand added that the BJP's election issues are a list of vision and decision-making. which was approved by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
Titos also questioned how the Congress MDCs are cooperating with the NPP in KHADC as the Congress is in the Opposition in the state and one of the MDCs who is also an MLA has been appointed as the Leader of the KHADC. Opposite Side.
The NPP has 26 MLAs while the UDP has 11 MLAs in this election.
The Garo Students Union (GSU) has written to the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Swapnil Tembe regarding the increase in the price of meat. fish that are sold in the market of Tura.
They think (PNAR) means a nation but Pnar means the name of a village because they live in sharing places so in the past they called it a village Pnar.
Before going to file his nomination papers, Conrad visited the grave of PA Sangma at the Catholic Cemetery, where he prayed at the grave of his late father.
The JSU demands that the government should not just threaten in the newspapers to close down 200 schools but should improve and develop the schools run by the government for the benefit of the children. state school.
Manchester City opened the scoring through Erling Haaland in the 63rd minute, but Sheffield United turned the tide in the 63rd minute. 85 through Jayden Bogle, who also hoped that his team would score 10 points from this match.
Before sitting down, he said a phrase, “THINK before you SHARE”.
The woman was admitted to the Shillong Civil Hospital.
“The question raised in the 2022 Session of the Session is whether the allocation of funds spent is the allocation from the Central and State Governments as well. .
Police are conducting investigation to verify the threat.
He said that Dhar Construction is working on the road from 101 to Sunny Side (4 mer) and from 7 mer to 5 mer and in terms of kilometers it means from 83 km to 86 km and from Km to 91 Km.
Demthring, who won the First Division, and Wahïajer, who came second, have been promoted to the Super Division where they will qualify for next year.
This statement came after allegations that the HNLC has demanded money from the wealthy businessmen of the state in Rilum Khasi and Jaintia.
After this programme, the participants took part in the planting of trees.
The Special Judge (POCSO) of Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District has sentenced a man named Shaniah Langstang for allegedly raping a child in East Jaintia Hills District.
When asked whether the UDP will seek EM again, he said it cannot be said yet because we still have to discuss this,” said Bah Dkhar.
The price of Non-NFSA rice will be 14/- per kilo.
“The GSU leader said that the meeting of various Sengbhalang held in Tura on the 30th of this month has decided to continue the office blockade from the 3rd to the 5th of July. , 2022 and during these three days a road blockade will be held throughout East Garo Hills.
The training was enriched with skits on the problems of child marriage and the harmful effects of drugs.
It is also suspected that she has forbidden her daughter Rida to meet her at the market.
Shillong, July 22: The Shillong High Court Bar Association (SCBA) has lodged a complaint with the Supreme Court against the promotion of lawyers in Delhi but who have not been appointed. said the Meghalaya High Court.
The most difficult thing is when those tall vehicles (Kali kit kali) pass by which fill the entire road and can also hit those vehicles passing nearby.
“Look at the past, it seems that they have projected Prestone, but suddenly, an MP came to be Chief Minister,” he said. He said that it is difficult, therefore, to hold a song between the indigenous parties.
It should be ensured that the ASV vaccine is available at health facilities, especially during the winter.
JOWAI: The West Jaintia Hills Taxi Owners and Drivers Association (WJHTODA) has launched the stickers of commercial taxis at the office of the District Transport Officer (DTO), West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
“Our message to the foreigners is that when you come to trade in our state, we welcome you but you must provide proper documents and remember that Ri Khasi is not This is our state, in collaboration with the KHADC, we will close at any time if you come to buy. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in this beautiful state,” said Bah Donbok.
At 12:00 pm, the filing of nomination papers for the post of CEM was held and Bah Titostrawell left for the filing of nomination papers accompanied by the MDCs of the UDA. UDF did not find anyone to file their nomination papers for the post of CEM. At 1:00 pm, the election for the new CEM was held by Titostarwell Chyne. without any counter-competition.
The KSU said that for many years, they have been waiting and spent a lot of time at the negotiating tables through the High Level Committee appointed by the Prime Minister last year, but the KSU It is clear that in the end these committees are merely a platform for wasting time.
The woman, who has four children and two grandchildren, is also a teacher at Persara UP School, Umsning Lumumpih. The purpose of the school is to become one of the best teachers, so that she can continue to provide adequate education to the children in the school.
The suspects were arrested after the Assam Rifles in collaboration with the Special Branch (CID) of Aizawl conducted a search operation at Chite Veng, Aizawl.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “We are pleased to inform the people of Meghalaya and Assam that after a long discussion and discussion, it has been decided today to start the The MOU has been signed in the first meeting with the Defense Minister Amit Shah.
As the residents of the villages on the border with Assam, they are very sad to see that the houses of the villages where the Dkhars who have received electricity from Assam and Meghalaya have been destroyed. dum da that good many weeks many months.
Also present on the occasion were the President of the Meghalaya Chess Association, Bah KM Warjri, the Secretary of the Meghalaya Chess Association, Bah Bonney Kharbani and others.
“The election of office bearers will be held on the 29th of this month and we have elected the members of the Nomination Committee who will conduct the election,” said Dr Jemino.
Shillong, July 28: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has expressed its surprise at the lack of awareness of the Meghalaya Police.
After the order, the KHADC today handed over these 9 shops to Deoris Marbaniang, the owner of the shops. The KHADC has taken into account the property of those foreign shopkeepers so that they can be fined for violating the law.
“We have also found that in the west of the Plain Belt, Garo Hills and the border areas, there are many Bangladeshis who have illegally entered our country and the threat, in the end, will be to the nation. If these 19 lakh people can enter our beloved country with a population of more than 30 lakh people, we will be destroyed by foreigners. “It is a threat to the Khaddar rule and the threat to the family,” said the Vice President of the MIPF. The National Register of Citizens (NRC) was first prepared according to the 1951 census.
Other speakers included MC Suchiang Forestar-1 in the presence of Waheh Shnong Bichar Khyriam and residents of Nongrim Bambthong.
On the other hand, the hard work of Kongdeng Kongnah and Meinah Panah has shaken the wind of the VPP which has spread to four constituencies in its first election.
Deimiki Rabon of Chutwakhu took three wickets in 3.3 overs. The second semi final will be between Amity (L) Nissan Laloo and Moodymmai on the 5th of this month.
In this regard, the owners of the area have been arrested and charged for non-compliance with the rules and regulations to prevent fires in the area.
Various hospitals and health centers have been damaged and even food shortages have been reported on Tuesday after the clashes which have lasted for three days.
All Government departments have worked together to expedite the activities of the pharmaceutical manufacturers and overcome any problems that arise through ‘Government Working Together’ for this purpose.
How private four?.
If this continues, these towers in Langpih and Iewnongma should be demolished, said Bah Serbilin Lyngdoh President of FKJGP Langpih Unit.
In Khanduli and Lapangap, we have seen that for several months now, there have been clashes between the Khasi Pnars and the Karbi.
The meeting was conducted by Bah S.Lyngkhoi, Secretary Nongbah-Marshilong Village, welcome speech by Anita Lyngdoh, special song by the Village Organization of Nongbah-Marshilong Village and welcome speech by Banteilang. Lying.
“The trust of the people in the universities in Meghalaya has been lost,” said the president of the KSU. He said that the KSU does not want more CMJ universities in the state and the state government. you must act strongly.
There were those working from outside who tried to influence and put obstacles, but they could not influence and all the members of the union were united.
He said that Bah PT Sawkmie is a well-trained and intelligent MLA and his choice of the UDP is his wisdom and vision.
“We have started our election campaigns and we have found that the people have accepted the NPP and we expect these things to be good,” said James K. Sangma. Vincent H. Pala, Congress leader, who has held the seat for 15 years, has been appointed as MP.
The smugglers are very clever and to escape the arrest of the police they did not walk on the main road, but on the village roads.
