T.1.69 crore for the construction of the Legislative Building of KHADC, T.1,32,56,000 crore for the construction of the office in Mawkyrwat, T.1,12,66,000 crore for the construction of the Guest House. MDC Hostel and the work has now been completed.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has expressed its regret to see the stinginess of the State Government on the demands of the Ad-hoc School Teachers under the leadership of the Federation of Ad-hoc Schools. All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM).
Meghalaya's claim against Assam, that Assam has crossed the border, will not succeed unless Meghalaya has the right documents to prove by first confirming its own border.
On Friday, the Group-A match in Shillong will be between Jyntru Football Club and Umrit Sports Club at 3 pm.
Summer failed to reach the target and scored only 105 runs for the loss of all 10 wickets in 19.5 overs.
He completed his B.Ed in 1995 from PGT College, Shillong.
The MPUF donated a donation to the family on Thursday.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has selected Bonifilia Shullai as one of the 30 players to represent India in the SAFF U-16 Women's Championship. The championship will be held in Lalitpur, Nepal.
On the other hand, the MACC urges the State Government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare not only to provide information in the newspapers, but to get full information especially as we have seen this time.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said that it is a fact that in Ri Bhoi, the best road is only the NH-6, but except for the village roads. , however, there are only bad roads and this has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers.
The groups said they stand firm for peace and promised to play their part in restoring stability in Manipur.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: More than 70 percent of the Khasi voters and 50 percent of the Jaintia Hills voters turned out to vote for the KHADC and JHADC elections held on Monday. Out of the 2.09 lakh voters in Jaintia Hills, 58 percent of the 2.09 lakh voters in Jaintia Hills have turned out to vote for the candidates, said the Commissioner & Secretary in charge of District Council Affairs (DCA) Bah Jop Thiaw Lyngdoh on Monday. .
He said that the political situation in the state will change in 2018 but until now the people of the state have not accepted the BJP although their soul has turned to the party. but to say that they shall enter into the house is too great.
The Congress has returned to Himachal Pradesh and during my visit to Tripura after spending seven days in many meetings, people want change like in Himachal Pradesh.
At the age of 16, the player has also shown his skills in the bodybuilding tournament and therefore it is hoped that he will continue to play well with the goal of winning the title. Indian Super League clubs have not signed him.
Speaking to media, the president of the Union, Bah Blik Sohtun, said that the development works from the Meghalaya government have been suspended by the Assam government in recent days.
Likewise, we have seen the distribution of weapons by people who intend to become candidates for the 2023 elections.
There are 12 cases in East Khasi Hills and 8 cases in West Garo Hills.
In the notice, NO.DTO/S/Fastag/440/2018/1008, dated 5th June 2018, it was explained that the Fastag is a tag that should be installed on the front seats of the vehicle. In Meghalaya, the price of Fastag is T.500 per vehicle and T.200 as entry fee. , T.200 for the application fee and T.100 for the activation fee.
He said that most of the time the ruling party expects the Lamphang to support the government while the opposition demands that he should be impartial.
On the 28th morning, the 'Chad Iung' ceremony was completed with the wasan and the Langdoh by sympathizing with the families with siej and thanksgiving for the health of the family from the village. rice.
Among the parties contesting the election, only the UDP, HSPDP and GNC have formed an alliance and have agreed to win until they get the right number to form a government.
It looks at the need for the liberation of people from poverty, in comparison with the word progress.
“Because as we have seen above, the allocation of SCs/STs goes according to the proportion of paid.
Shillong: The final match of the Super League 2019 Kyrmen Shylla Contribution Trophy will be played tomorrow between Laban SC and Shillong Lajong FC. The association was between Dhana SC and Rymbai Wahshnong SC. The match was very interesting as both the teams need to win to qualify for the playoffs. you will be promoted to the first division.
“There is a motive to arrest (the four residents).
The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) has launched this program since July 1, 2022, and so far the NCB teams have seized 51,217.8402 kilos of drugs in 11 states as of May 29th.
Another is that they do not have an understanding and the goal of getting rule by a Khasi Chief Minister.
In the final, India were able to strengthen through the return of Sandesh Jhingan.
The Superintendent of Police, Bah M.Kharkrang, admitted that there was a misuse of the money by the RKM authorities and placed it near the donation box. The Income Tax Department has done what is necessary.
“Food items such as rice to be delivered to the village will have to be transported and we will have to pay 300-500 tyngka per 50 kilos and the same is true for other food items and equipment,” he said. these residents.
The Chief Minister said that earlier, traders used to register and pay tax and then buy a challan and this practice has been abolished.
The ECI also quoted the MCC rules, in which clause 3.8.2 (ii) clearly states that it is not permissible to speak against the personality of any individual, which affects his or her lifestyle. and clause 4.3.1 clearly states that political parties shall not promote the personal life of an individual or an employee of any other political party which has nothing to do with the work. and clause 4.4.2 (B) (v) clearly states that political parties shall not make allegations without proof of any allegations. to others.
“First they demanded money, when they turned the lines of these suspects who were sitting behind the vehicle, they ordered the driver to drive towards Rangsakona.
The incident is believed to have happened on the morning of 29th June and the body was found lyngktar in a farm in Lapangap on 30th June.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah M Thongni, Rangbah Shnong and Bah Lamborlin Kharshilot, said that during the meeting with the district authorities including officers of the DC's office and The EC of the Dorbar Shnong Erpakon has expressed its deep sorrow over the killing of a Rangbah Shnong of Ri Bhoi District. The owner of the village has been arrested by a foreigner which has affected all the village leaders especially the residents of Erpakon village in Ri Bhoi District.
I wanted a job because I was too poor.
“In this regard, the union said that this could be an opportunity for foreigners or companies to take advantage of mining coal by signing agreements with the land owners and This agreement will take away the rights of the people of the area who earn their living by mining coal.
I would like to conclude this article with these words-Unemployment is a problem that is increasing day by dayThe same anger, anger and sadness of heartIt was called a 'public marchSome came by heavy motorcyclesOthers came by motorcycles Most of the taxis are passenger busesTo make noise for demanding jobsOthers come as robbersTo shoot and kill the robbers on the roadTo solve the problems, corruption and corruption of the Government.
Kennedy said that a while ago the HSPDP had said that it accepts Pakistanis to become Indian citizens. “The HSPDP accepts Pakistanis so you love the country or you love mynder. Ri" he said.
Before the end of the first half, Wansiewdor scored another goal in the 90'+3 minute.
However, it is reported that many of them have been affected by the fire in their homes.
Referring to the construction of the Tura Medical College, the Chief Minister said that the construction has progressed slowly.
In the second match, EWDCA defeated WKHDCA after being covered by rain.
East Khasi Hills 157 cases.
On the other hand, Kong RM Kurbah, said that the meeting also discussed the burial of those who have died of COVID-19, where the families can pay their respects. Finally, but by strictly following all the rules such as wearing masks, hand sanitizers and keeping a distance of 6 feet from the cemetery and no need to use PPE kits.
At the time of Jesus' birth Herod was a slave king of the Roman Empire and ruled over Palestine as King of the Jews.
He said that to overcome this imprisonment, discrimination from income, lack of adequate health facilities, adequate educational institutions is through the rule of law and the wisdom to choose. leaders.
If you have any complaints, please contact the Sub-Inspector at the following number; 9436110184/8731025753 or Email: sdo_amlarem@outlook.com.
Regarding these seven persons, the Social Welfare Department will take them and ensure that they stay in the places prepared by the government for the children and that they can also go to the school. your reading.
The union on the 3rd of this month has arrested two trucks of Lakhon Phawa, but it is surprising to see that the same person has sent back the trucks last night without respecting the trucks. The rules are not issued by the District Magistrate.
The party has many candidates for the MLA election 2018 from Ranikor Constituency and the meeting will discuss the establishment of a legal cell to assist the people of the constituency in all aspects. especially on matters of discrimination in relation to private or other development activities.
The field staff of 108, are at the forefront of the fight against covid 19 and we would like to extend our support and appreciation to them because without their presence it would be useless and slow. in terms of public facing healthcare.
The song was taught by Wanbetbha Shympliang and the dancers included Steffie Marbaniang, Elvie Kyrpad, Anisha Namdong, Wanda Lyngkhoi, Sanji Pdahkasiej, Batlajuban Iawphniaw, Hamekisam Iawphniaw and Shemsuk Mynsiem Kharbangar.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 23 : Se Lajong FC beat Lamare SC 2-1 in the first semifinal of the Mawlangwir Community Football Shield -23, not organized by Mawlangwir Sports Club.
Nongpoh, Lber 01: To mark the International Women's Day, the District Sports Officer's Office has decided to hold a tug of war and basketball tournament only for women in the country. -Earthquake District.
Besides, there are also Khasi residents from Langpih, Mawlan, Ïewnongma, Mawdiangsnam, Umwali to Umbyrsit who have registered themselves on the Electoral Roll of the Assam Government. receive assistance such as housing schemes and others.
John F Kharshiing was welcomed by the Chief Minister, NPP National President Conrad K Sangma, Minister of Transport Dasakhiat Lamare and Minister of Commerce and Industries. Department, NPP Working President Sniawbhalang Dhar, KHADC Chairman Pyniaid Sing Syiem and others.
Shillong, March 11: The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday said that the GHADC elections to be held tomorrow will be a day for the Garo people to warn the Congress party. sign of the 2018 elections.
During the investigation, the Bharat Petroleum Transport Office (BTP) has received information that the vehicle was not carrying diesel fuel. diesel fuel and has caused serious suspicion to the Police.
Through this inspection, the village leaders and the HNYF leaders, have decided to monitor the delay in the construction of the road and also to demand from the government to order The contractor has been asked to expedite the construction of the road so that it will not cause problems to the residents of these 7 villages in the area.
The film 'Har Pal' has also been in trouble as Preity has expressed her dissatisfaction with the producer.
Isa 40:3 “The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make straight in the desert a highway for our God” was written in 740 BC. The birth of Jesus in Bethlehem was the preparation and preaching of Jesus to lead us into the kingdom of God.
In this regard, the DC will have to consider the number of residents and also the condition of the area whether it is suitable for merger with other constituencies.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of the committee, Bah Manstudy, said that the committee has already met five times to consider the matter and those who should have been summoned have been summoned. The report will be sent to the office of the Chairman of KHADC, Bah LG Nongsiej for further action.
Rangthong Christian Higher Secondary School reached the final after beating Rodphod Secondary School 1-0 with a goal from Eightfulness Shangdiar in the 34th minute. which is in the game of the first half.
Mark Wahlberg, who left Hollywood to spend time with his children, feels that this decision he has made in life is not wrong and is the right thing for him. he.
The tournament is scheduled to be held in Aizawl, Mizoram from 10th July 2020 and the final is scheduled to be held on the 23rd of this month.
Lapang said the committee has extended its term until July to do whatever is necessary to hand over to the state government.
"“In this MP election, we don't have to be political, religious or party-oriented. It's time for the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum to elect and send only one MP who will ensure that that MP is the right one. I don't want to explain or judge what these MPs have done in the past 15 years. what they have done.
According to sources, the fire started from a timber factory behind the Rynjah State Dispensary which suddenly caught fire and the flames spread to a shop. and to a house.
He said that after the report of the HLC, the Cabinet will take a final decision.
Before 2025, other nano production facilities in Nangal, Trombay, Bangaluru, Deogarh and Guwahati will be ready to operate and this will increase the capacity of nano urea production to more than 44 crore barrels per annum. equivalent to more than 195 LMT of urea.
Even if we have seen these huge buildings, which has surprised us the people, what? Meghalaya ranks second (se-cond) in terms of ST poverty in our beloved India? So, in relation to this issue we all know the genuine reason. good reason) but we don't want to reveal the truth and this is because the money that should reach the poor ST (less fortunate) doesn't reach it. Therefore, if you don't do this according to your needs, you who are Duk will become Duk shi Duk (when you cultivate, you cultivate).
There was also a short performance entitled “What Matters” by the Chiiung Group and a dance performance by the Eastern Dance Icons.
There are allegations that Qatar has embezzled money to host the World Cup and there are also allegations that it is a country that violates the human rights of migrant workers.
Titos W Chyne Working President who is also MLA of Sohra constituency said that the UDP is not a party that rules by one person or by the President and does not decide alone like others. organizations.
Dr.M Syiemlieh said that as it was difficult to remove the thyrnia from the body of the woman, the doctors took her to the hospital. into the Operation Theater (OT).
According to the Waheh Shnong, Linda Nongkrem said that perhaps Linda Nongkrem wants to expel the residents and not the village wants to expel her. Linda Nongkrem has a mental disorder, said a statement sent by the Waheh Shnong, Ebormi Pale.
The VPP spokesperson said that this is not a protest, but a show to the government that the VPP has the support of the people especially in relation to the demand for a dorbar. special to explain the Reservation Policy and Roster System.
Thanks to the efforts of the BSF, the fire was extinguished and the residents in the area survived.
Or, is it the permission that encourages these groups to commit and continue to commit such acts against other villagers just because they are Christians or members of other minority groups? Paid?" the statement said.
The drip was given 220 hours after Bah Ardent started his strike.
Attempts were made to call him on his mobile phone, but his mobile phone was still on but no one answered.
There are insults to other people, religion, family, relatives, villagers and neighborhoods because of the lack of reputation and it is surprising that such thoughts of the ancients from time to time come from the mind. of highly educated writers and readers.
According to the procedures of the PHC, there should be two doctors but in Namdong there is not one doctor. General Secretary Samla Juhi Tariang was appointed.
Rangdajied got a free kick before the end of the first half and in the first attempt it went straight into the crowd and was ruled offside. , but with another attempt by Banlamlynti, the ball went to Wanlambok who scored the winning goal before the whistle.
In his speech, Shri Rahul inquired about the impartial rule of law of the Traditional Dorbars. Bah John informed him that in Khasi Jaintia Hills there are 3363 Khasi Pnars who are involved in the rule of law. According to the Constitution, these have a special rule of 'ting' kur among the Khasi Pnar, the rule of decision of the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima through the will of the majority. church' and the manner of removing the Nongsynshar when they have lost the trust of the children of the thousand without a rule of five years.
If these licenses are used for transportation purposes, these mines shall not be deemed to be large-scale mining and require another type of license and other rules to regulate the mining. such purposes.
Kroos also played a part in winning the Champions League with Bayern Munich before joining the Spanish giants.
But in a democratic country everyone has the right to choose and decide freely as they wish.
'Leader' means a person who leads a group, or a guide and teacher to his followers.
After this, the East Khasi Hills District Police arrived at the scene within a few minutes after the members and leaders of the FKJGP left.
“The MDA is our coalition government and the MDA will always exist.
The continuation of the Urea Subsidy scheme, the introduction of PM PRANAM, the support of organic fertilizers through GOBARdhan, and the newly developed Urea Gold have contributed to the development of sustainable agriculture. the nature and the righteous.
The final will be held today at the SSA Stadium First Ground, Polo from 3 pm, starting at 2 pm with a performance by Jessie Lyngdoh. MSL anthem 2023 has been created.
On the issue of polygamy, the Minister said that there will be no inspection on this issue as it is not illegal according to the law. the belief of the Muslim population.
These leaders who left the HSPDP have decided to support Kong Fenela who is the niece of Maieid Hoping.
Donald V. Thabah General Secretary of the KSU said that the KSU is deeply saddened to hear through the media that the central government has distributed the rice to the people of Meghalaya through He said that the National Food Security Act 2013 will reach Assam again. He said that this theft by anyone is unacceptable. It shall not be misused by anyone except to destroy Shimet's disease.
" He said. So Lydia didn't want to drink.
After the retirement of BB Lyngdoh, Lyngkyrdem constituency has been replaced by Congress candidate Prestone Tynsong from 2003 and 2008 and Pynursla constituency.
South Korea, which has been known for some of its best dramas including The Glory, Crash Course in Romance and Squid Game, has attracted not only Netflix has decided to launch South Korean OTTs in the coming years.
The next three goals were scored quickly by Colinson Lyngdoh from the right side and Deibor scored the first goal. the team’s first goal despite efforts from two defenders who tried to stop him.
“We have received a letter of invitation from the state government to invite the political parties on the 29th of this month. KSU President Daniel Khyriem on Saturday.
She said it is not easy to have police everywhere in Shillong.
He said that the committee which took this decision includes Add.
It is to be recalled that the Christian Multi Media Ministry has also produced the film Nabon which has been a blessing to many.
The MMSA, which held a meeting of the State Executive Committee (SEC) on 30th June, has strongly condemned the visit of the DHS (MI) to the former campus of NIFT on 27th June. The Director and Registrar of IIPH, Shillong and the Chief Executive Officer of the State.
Referring to the statement written on the placards, Bah Kharjahrin said, “If they grant the ILP and include the two languages ​​in the Eighth Schedule, not only we but many others When asked about the BJP's reluctance to include the ILP issue in its Manifesto, the HYC leader said, “It is up to the BJP to listen to the demand.
There are about 250 species of such fish worldwide and most of them are 8.5 cm long, while there are two other species that are 30 cm long and have a body of I'm sorry.
There are six candidates for the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
Eight persons have been confirmed dead, including three civilians in East Khasi Hills and five in West Garo Hills, one BSF personnel and four civilians.
Babu Aris recalled the meeting between the teachers and Ampareen Lyngdoh, former Minister of Education, where they discussed the issue of providing pension to the retired teachers. The former minister said it is difficult to pay pensions to teachers and when they gave the example of Assam, which pays pensions, the answer from the minister was that Assam is a state. There is an oil field, there is a slasha field and many others.
Bobby L.Nongbet was awarded the best goalkeeper award and the best player award was given to Santi Jainai Shianglong.
The article is still only in the form of a draft, which means only part of the consultation.
But, if there are parts of the road that fall in disputed territories, there may also be some problems.
Right!!!.
The UDP candidate from North Shillong, Dr Aman War in his speech, said that it is time to rule with a party that comes from the soil of the state and will work for the state unlike others. parties from other states or those thinking about expanding to other states.
“On the part of the party, we request the authorities, in order to ensure peace of mind, we request especially the police to look after us, we have lost a friend and it is a great loss.
On this occasion, the Seng has honored 39 students from Mynriang, Nonghali and Diengpasoh.
" Niakha said again.
The court also imposed a fine of T.10,000 against the perpetrator and for his failure to pay another fine he had to spend another two years in jail.
He said that he does not belong to any political party and has no intention of entering politics after retirement. be according to the truth and say that he respects all religions because he believes that there is only one god.
Shillong, November 21: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) Shillong, has expressed its deep sorrow and condolences to the Christians in Chhattisgarh, over the attacks in recent days for their worship.
It is felt necessary to stop these illegal activities for the benefit of the people,” said the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner.
“Out of all those registered, 82 have been charged and handed over to the court,” said Bah Kharkrang and about 80 members of the Sengbhalang have been arrested and released after being granted bail.
They are mentally and physically weak.
Sreenidi Deccan is one of the strongest teams in the I-League this season under Portuguese coach Carlos Vaz Pinto. late.
During his visit to these States, Coming also visited many places, including fish farms, rivers, ponds, fish farms and places where sell the fish.
Habandarisha Shangpliang was named Player of the Match.
Also present on the occasion were the relatives of two policemen of West Khasi Hills DEF, (L) Bah Betly Ryntathiang Inspector who died on 27th July 2003 in a clash with armed groups. (L) Rel Deo Sangma Constable West Khasi Hills DEF, who was killed in a clash with LAEF militants on 7th November The incident occurred at Shallang Police Station.
In 1847, there was a case between Hajar Singh and Harry English against Thomas Jones.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma said that the youth are the greatest opportunity of any country and they are also the greatest challenge.
Jonathan has been charged with numerous criminal counts related to his criminal conduct in the case.
Those who are physically ill and strong have witnessed that they can be treated only at home by following the rules of home quarantine as a way to sleep peacefully and not to be afraid. Drink plenty of water, eat healthy food, eat too much fruit and so on when you are alone but those who are more serious need to get treatment without delay. in hospitals and hospitals.
Meghalaya is one of the countries with abundant water due to the rainfall where the aqua mission will be successful and it also has a beautiful environment which can promote tourism. To help improve income in Meghalaya, it is necessary to improve roads and to establish a large and fully equipped airport. .
On the other hand, Congress MLA from Gambegre, Saleng A Sangma said that if the government takes seriously to implement the Act, the illegal entry of foreigners can be curbed.
Police said the arrested person was a temporary Bill Clerk of the office who had misused the funds of the office.
Bah K.Sawkmie, who is also the organizer of the RRTC Umran Fishing Tournament in Bhoi District, will hold a one-day fishing tournament on the 11th October.
He said that all the shops have failed to comply with the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner's office.
He also expressed his desire to join hands with schools and colleges in the district to provide assistance to youngsters who want to become IAS and so on.
“I have just returned from Garo Hill and when I continue my work in the office I will look into the order of the High Court,” Prestone said.
“He (Danggo) will resign and there is no doubt, but he will come back next month,” he said.
He said the Assam government is still asking for time to read the documents that Meghalaya has claimed the land and the talks to settle the boundary are ongoing at the level of Chief Secretaries.
Shillong, Nailur 5: U Superintendent of Police (ESP) East Khasi Hills District today convened a meeting of all mobile companies including Airtel, Vodafone, Reliance, Idea and Aircel to discuss how to to prevent the sale of illegally used sim cards without recognizing the owner and those who have bought black, so that thieves will no longer be able to commit crimes such as extortion , robbery and others using these unidentified SIM cards.
He said that for any program to be successful, the community should be involved, who will run the program and ensure that the program will be sustainable and will continue. He also urged them to take part in the Regeneration Meghalaya Project to bring about relationships with the community and in the villages so that the program will be successful.
Speaking afterwards in his room, Bah Ronnie strongly criticized the organizers of the meeting for being lymmuh and not knowing how to respect the time.
Bah Dip, who was a three-time MLA from Nongspung from the UDP, has decided to leave the party on the grounds that he does not feel he can win again after the split. the constituency which is now called Mawphlang.
The source said the shooting happened when the soldiers did not think.
“I started this business in 2016 because I wanted to work with the local people in Bhoi who produce this jaiñ ryndia because jaiñ ryndia is a very important jaiñ in our culture” , said the young Iba.
He said that for the MDC election, Bah Jrop said that it is up to the party who needs it and the idea of ​​giving tickets because as an obedient soldier of the party, he relies on the party. leaders to do their best.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government will not be able to reduce the Value Added Tax (VAT) on petrol and diesel as the state has suffered from The loss has reached T.100 crore this fiscal year.
The valley in the lower part is shorter and may be about 50 feet long.
However, as it is now, these leaders are no different from the tall.
Tikait was sentenced to 39 days in jail in Madhya Pradesh for his fight against the Land Acquisition Act.
They also strongly condemned Angelbeth's actions and threatened to take the lives of her and her family.
He also promised that these three persons will be punished strictly by the police department and they may even be dismissed from their jobs.
This is the time for you to take advantage of your talents to showcase, so that you can be one or the other, who can take part in this competition.
There are currently 13 million people living in the city of Xian, where they have been locked in their homes and not allowed to leave their homes to buy food. food items and other basic necessities of the household.
There are other issues that seem impossible to resolve, we just change from time to time and there are also cases where we don't want to demand, but we don't want to solve those problems and implement the demand because that it shall not be a personal benefit to anyone if the claim persists and remains a claim.
The match between Khliehriat West YWSC and Thangskai Tiger SC ended in a 1-1 draw.
The MDC from Mawkynrew said that the first objective of the Commission is to set up an institute for Khasi doctors where there will be a library, training on how to clean medicines. and so on where there will be qualified doctors who have passed this line from all over the states.
The Minister said that the fire has been a great loss to the students, teachers and the community by saying that the school has produced many intellectuals.
He said that the Mazdoor Union has demanded from the State Government to release the members of the Union who have been arrested on charges of selling Umphniang in the middle of the road. The Government has not been able to do anything about this demand because the case has been entrusted to the Hon'ble High Court which will give a fair trial if those members They shall not be punished according to the law.
In a statement, Assistant General Secretary of AMDA, Aidiana Khriam, said that the organization of such festivals has cost the public money by spending tens of crores and bringing in foreign tourists. .
They also said that the KSU film has provided information and education on the history of the Jaitbynriew.
Sangma also expressed hope that the state's income will increase in the next few years, which he expects to increase to 10 percent of the government's income.
The petitioners include the Meghalaya Hajong Welfare Association, the Meghalaya Rabha Jatio Sewa Sangha (MRJSS), the Meghalaya Koch Association, the Meghalaya Boro Sahitya Sabha and the All Mann Tai Speaking Welfare Association.
The Mawbynna of the holy law was also dressed by the priest of the sun.
Another examination was held for the post of Statistical Officers in the Directorate of Economics and Statistics from 2 to 4 pm.
“Unqualified teachers are destroying the country and society,” said Marak and added, “By 31st October 2019 all teachers must complete their training to become qualified. to become teachers and this is the rule set by the Central and State Governments”.
Mukhla Raij are the fourth team to qualify for the semifinals of the 1st Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
As part of the celebration of the Independence Day of the country on the 15th of this month, the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, WJHD, Jowai will hold a The Independence Day Run – 2023 for men and women (open category) will be held on 15th July
Nongpoh, Nailar 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Raid Nongtung Circle on Saturday confirmed and renewed the office bearers of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Raid Nongtung Circle. 2022-2025 was held at the Kyndewso Assembly Hall.
In July, 2021, the State Government and the leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU) held a meeting to discuss the Government's non-payment of fees for this assistance.
Shillong: AICC Incharge Manish Chatrath on Tuesday denied that there is any difference of opinion within the Congress party in Meghalaya.
“Surprisingly, for almost a year now, the work on this road has been left unfinished, after the contractor has cleaned only the stones without rollers,” said the CORP Western Zone.
There is no farming method that can supplement or sell.
She said the department is still waiting for the allocation of T.2 crore from the government to contract for the need to pay the salaries of the employees and other allocations.
In a statement issued on 8th October, the VPP said that the overwhelming support of the people has spoken well in the political elections in Meghalaya where four of the party's candidates have won. to be members of the State Legislative Assembly to bring forward the issues of the nation and the state as a whole.
It is time to review the Resolution No.PER.222/71/138 dated Shillong, 12th July, 1972 because (a) (b) 9 (nine) days before we get a full State, according to the law on the night of July, 20-21, , and just less than 2 (two) months, before the first general election held on October 9, 1972.
On 19 June 2019 in the evening, these foreign authorities including MPs and MLAs from Punjab left for the Iewmawlong area. you issue.
The college is located in Tiehsaw, Nongstoin, near the KJP Synod Higher Secondary School, Nongstoin.
MDA 2.0 will be strong and will last to the end even if the HSPDP withdraws its support for MDA
It takes time for such people who have broken the law to learn to walk again according to the law.
Riboklang Hynniewta of Cricket Lovers was named Player of the Match.
Shimtilin Syiemiong, sister of Skhem Syiemiong, has lodged a complaint against Ara Hajong and 20 other unidentified persons at Bholaganj Police Station for injuring her brother Skhem. Syiemiong and his friend Krishna Thapa.
Shillong, March 14: Two civil society organizations, the MPUF and the JNU, have found that the offices of the Amlarem Sub Division Office and the Fisheries Department are empty without any staff.
Offices, companies, firms and private contractors have already withdrawn T.5148.71 (lakh) from the allocation of T.6036.03 (lakh) for the scheme according to the report of the PHE department. The contract for the construction of the Nekikona Combined WSS has been awarded to M/S BAC Infratech Private LTD and NEDFi, Guwahati has been appointed as the Third Party Inspection. Agency (TPIA).
This is evident from an incident which happened on the 16th of this month where a 13 year old girl from Nongsynrang village in Riangdo West Khasi Hills was raped. rape your own father.
However, these practices of transporting the goods to other districts is a sad and angry thing for the people and the women.
Malik is known to be a man who speaks out on any issue he agrees with and is a follower of Charan Singh, former prime minister and leader of the party. farmer.
In 2015, Mary Kom became the first amateur boxer in India to win the most awards and income from companies.
Jesus with a happy and loving face turned to him and said: "Truly I tell you today, you will be with me in Paradise.
A meeting of the elders, Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, Sengbhalang leaders of the Eastern War and War Jaintia, was held on 11th November 2021 at Dawki, under the chairmanship of Bah M Ryngksai, Rangbah Shnong Dawki.
“The Prime Minister should empower all the Dorbar Shnongs as stipulated in the Sixth Schedule,” said Bah Pynshngain.
She was taken to Hatsingimari Public Health Center and Dhubri Civil Hospital for treatment.
The previous Government despite many difficulties has increased the salaries of teachers.
In the morning you can wear rich monos eyeshadows and in the evening you can wear metallic eyeshadows.
He expressed the hope that in the future, the Seng will continue to work harder to follow up on issues that are of benefit to the society, the community and the nation as a whole.
The match between these two teams was beautiful and both teams were equally strong.
“There are many people who are thinking about what will happen to their future after they have completed their training, but I want to tell you that the Department of Agriculture, under the leadership of the Deputy The Chief Minister is preparing the necessary measures to assist those who will complete the training.
She said that the department has now started using organic fertilizers.
Hek said the BJP Parliamentary Party and the BJP State Unit Meghalaya have scheduled a meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs to discuss all issues related to the welfare of the people. The BJP has already prepared to discuss the issues of the state with the Minister of Home Affairs, the ILP, the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, the development of the state and so on.
As mentioned in the book, The Ri Hynniewtrep Before and After Independence Day, the roots of the opposition can be found in 1948 when Rev JJM Nichols Roy brought forward the proposal to abolish the “Furthermore, notwithstanding anything provided in Article 225, the Governor of Assam may by public notice order any part of the Hima to be administered as such. On the other hand, Article 225 of the Draft Constitution empowers the Parliament to enact laws on the States or groups of States or Himas contained in Part III of the First Schedule, only in accordance with the provisions of the Soskular agreed between the States or groups of States and the Government India.
St. Paul's Higers Secondary School, Marbisu won a cash prize of Rs 50,000 and a trophy while defeating He Mont' Zenith Secondary School, Mylliem with a cash prize of Rs 20,000 and a trophy.
Regarding this allegation, the Seng is surprised that the village leaders have made these allegations without knowing the truth but they have believed in the temptation of these exploiters and selfish people. Tyrso Village Leader, that they should not believe these false reporters and if you are concerned about this come forward to meet the Seng and the Seng will explain to you.
He said that the government's plan to hand over these houses to 32 households has been approved by the state government through the Urban Affairs Department. They will first hand over only the 32 households who have been selected and considered whether they should receive this house as allocated by the government.
As a Christian state, I remind you with concern for the country and the nation. Isn't this because the crowds have been allowed to destroy the nation?
He said that the Council will look after the areas outside the Municipal and it will be a challenge for the Council but with the cooperation of the villages and the residents it will be a victory.
Up to 31 people have been arrested in connection with the incident.
Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat said that in this regard, the Seng has already sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District and requested him to take action against them. This is the time to protect the Myntdu River so that it will escape from this unprecedented disaster.
The Dorbar Shnong Ratacherra through its Secretary Bujli Sumer has urged the police to check the vehicles passing through this road as mostly only heavy vehicles are checked, while small vehicles passing by on this road. roads move smoothly, which bad thing can happen in these small cars.
We have to think about the future of the children.
He recalled that the JHADC is one of the Councils in the state which generates a lot of revenue from mineral resources such as coal but now even the salaries are difficult to pay to the employees.
On November 25, 2021, the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India terminated the recognition of the Mother Teresa Relief Society along with 6,000 other organizations, which receive foreign aid , showing that they have received information, which is not in accordance with the activities of the organization and also showing that the statistics are also incomplete.
In the past, Mawsmai was a desert without a house or anyone to live in it, until it was invaded by Buhsing Syiem.
Other leaders who demanded the promotion of the Khasi language were Francis Mawlot, Edwin Bareh, EK Mawlong, HS Shylla, Ardhendu Choudhury, Titos Chyne and others.
When the Government of India in 2021 requested to provide accommodation in 6846 villages in Khasi Hills, for the residence of Survey of India workers for 5-6 years, or until the completion of the work, to carry out those works of Survey of the sky through the Svamitva Scheme.
Shillong: On the morning of 3rd June 2023, at 9 pm, several members of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) visited the Miracle Spring View Guest House, Mawdiangdiang. and they were afraid of the guests, who were in the lodging-place.
Kamal Bora, 44, resident of Nongmensong Dong Kamon, Shillong has been missing since 31st March last year. at 7:30 pm and has not been found yet.
Since 2014-15, the Central Government has released financial assistance worth T.222.24 crore to more than 950 children selected from the SC, Denotified, Nomadic and Semi-Nomadic Tribes; landless farmers and traditional craftsmen under the National Overseas Scholarship Scheme for SC Students (NOS).
They also demanded the re-employment of those employees who have been dismissed from the GHADC and also the payment of the 27 months salary of the employees.
“The procession in fact was smooth and orderly but it was only when we reached Garikhana that we were disrupted,” he added.
He said that the opening of the Synod College Nongstoiñ will help a lot especially to the children who come from low income families.
After seeing the start of the construction of the mobile tower, Dip said he lodged a complaint with the KHADC office, which sent its revenue officer to inspect. The preparation for the construction of the tower, in which an example of opposition to the construction of the tower on the top of Lum Shyllong was also given.
She said that the traffic jam is from time to time, sometimes it stops for hours and sometimes it stops all day long which has affected the traffic of the people.
The committee also held a meeting with the village leaders and the people of the area to listen to their explanations and opinions on the land and the boundary.
Karachi also witnessed an increase in the price of Rs 200 per 20 kilos to Rs 3,2
Therefore, the village will be vigilant against this garbage dumping by the robbers and from now on if the village does not find, it will take the necessary action or hand over to the law enforcement authorities against such people. These robbers, who throw garbage, which affects not only the area, but the people of the village and the environment as well.
After receiving a complaint from the people, the union has met with the DC on 3rd November 2018 and today 4th June 2019 under the leadership of Bah KS Suchiang President and Samla Deibormi Dkhar General. Secretary, in the presence of the land owners and District Body Leaders, KSU JHDU President Ohibait Dkhar, Garland S Manner General Secretary and Shaniahskhem Dkhar Asst.Fin.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, today donated 100 tins of household items to households in Umkynsier, Mawskeilum and Warmawsaw. along with others, who have been affected by the storm in recent weeks.
Since the establishment of the Meghalaya Biodiversity Board (MBB) in 2012, Meghalaya has been celebrating IDB Day every year at the District and State levels.
Shillong, Nailar 21 : Police in Meghalaya have seized a register containing the names of 100 members of the newly formed National Liberation Council of Rural Development (NLCN).
Unfortunately, there is no adequate market for it although it is a very rare species of Tala according to the findings of foreigners who have seen it.
"We will send a letter to the state government to challenge the decision of the court to release the perpetrator," said the mother of the child. friday.
He said Prestone had promised them that the committee would wait for its report and would make the report available to the public.
Shillong: The Minister of Community and Rural Development (C&RD) of the State Government who is also the Working President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) has been arrested.
The Kiang Nangbah Iasiat Khnam Memorial Society, Jowai in collaboration with the District Administration has organized a narration drama competition about the heroes of the country who fought against the British Government.
Only masks, sanitizer/soap and physical distancing can protect us from the spread of the virus.
The BFI is preparing to hold a training program next year in preparation for the Paris Olympics 2024, so this tournament is important for the athletes.
However, the skill and ability of the players of Shillong Lajong led them to beat GFC Border Bhutan 2-0 in the 90th minute.
However, the Hynniew Pansngiat and the Hynniew Hima came as directed by the Lei Synshar for 9 days and 9 nights.
The KSU War Jaintia has sent this demand in a letter sent to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong and the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills through the Sub Divisional Officer (SDO) of Amlarem Sub Division.
On the other hand, the Speaker of the House, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, after the Question Hour, said that 21 questions have been received and 15 questions have been answered by the EC. and 71.42% of the population.
About several prominent leaders from Karbi Anglong will join the party next month, he said.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu, said that due to Cyclone Remal, the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a warning for heavy rain and thunderstorms in the district from today and tomorrow. on January 28th.
Immediately afterwards he prepared his foot to return to the village because it was time for his village vehicles to leave the city.
Friends, do you remember my article entitled- I BELIEVE THAT CORONA WAS SENT BY GOD TO SYMPATHY PEOPLE.
“The use of technology will be at the forefront in the coming days and we are trying to keep pace with the times and era”.
On the other hand, Bah Shakliar Warjri said that since childhood he was interested in politics, and after his studies he entered the political field.
Speaking to media, Pala said that in the past few days, he has seen that the UDP has accused the NPP party on the issue of MeECL in which they have demanded the withdrawal of MeECL. He said that when James PK Sangma of the NPP was in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, there was a demand that the Minister of Electricity should not be allowed to do so. “However, as a person involved in the coal mining industry and a person from the In Jaintia Hills, I can say that when the NPP Minister was in charge of the Ministry of Police, the coal traders had to pay T.50,000 per truck, but now that the Minister has been in charge of the coal mine, Under the supervision of the UDP minister, traders will now have to pay T.1,00,000 per truck,” he said.
In the last election in 1988, Ganold won 3039 votes against Khan, 4138 to 1099 votes.
The program was conducted by Mumie N. Shangpliang, Senior Manager – RF, welcome speech was delivered by Ivan Renold Marbaniang, DPM, Megh-Lamp and welcome speech was delivered by John Kearney Wanniang. he gave them the words of greeting.
“Fifty out of 76 Police Stations have registered cases under the NDPS Act.
At the same time, I would like to add that if you accept the good that the French have done, it is the source and your actions as Christians, accept the evil that the French have done. you are a Christian.
The Committee also requested AT Mondal to call a new tender for the Kynshi project.
Churches have been closed since the beginning of the lockdown until now, count how many months.
The leaf should also not lose its appearance after staining, and smell like ripe apples.
He said the state government is pleased that the Supreme Court has accepted the government's plea.
After this, he also distributed prizes to the winners of various competitions held at the festival.
“According to them, this is just an attempt but after this nothing has happened yet and the trees are rotting and falling every day,” he added.
The survey revealed that in urban areas across the country, it was found that many have faced problems due to flooding of roads and floods.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas A Sangma in the presence of the MDCs of GHADC. Mahendraganj, Selsela, Chokpot and GHADC MDCs. The prizes awarded at the end of the final of the tournament were that the winners won medals. The trophy, a pig, 50 kilos of rice, slasha, sugar, musla, flour, piat, rynsun, sying, pathaw, food oil, rice, shynrai and a cash prize of Rs 30,000 for the men and Rs 20,000 for the women. for women.
Earlier, on July 7, Bah Paul said that the government has not been able to appoint a new Chairperson of the MSCW after the non-appointment of Kong Phidalia Toi.
John 14:6 (John 14:6) Therefore, when you preach the word of God, you do not preach in the synagogues.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Saitsohpen Elaka has expressed its gratitude to Bah PN Syiem, CEM of KHADC for taking note of the request of the Elaka regarding the forced acquisition of land by the government in Saitsohpen.
The 11th of July will be the last day of the Lyiur Dorbar.
The Village Leaders from Block-I said that from time to time they have tried to talk to the State Government regarding their problems and the failure of the State Government to listen to their problems has been repeated. There is a thought that the State Government does not recognize them as full citizens of Meghalaya.
It is learned that the income from these four vehicles is divided into half of the income and the contract with the synroplang and only 10 percent is allocated for the repair of bad vehicles.
Heprit Wallambok Rani said that he does not want to spread the word to the world about what he has been able to do to save the lives of people. to proclaim to the world about the help of, but to help others is more important and it is not necessary to trumpet oneself to the world.
Refine: the root of the shlem; pliah is a clean and clean way of working.
“According to the implementation of this implementation, T.1.50 lakh will be given to those Maoists who have surrendered for the purpose of building houses, and about T.10,000 to T.4.50 lakh has been allocated from the fund. for those who surrender with firearms, a fee of T.50,000 for the registration of marriage, T.5 lakh to be announced as a prize, which may exceed this, for the purchase of immovable property and T.1.50 lakh for training for employment.
Of course that may be true, but it is again like asking; Can I be a Christian without going to church? The answer is yes, but it becomes: A schoolboy who does not go to school, a soldier who does not fight, a citizen who does not vote, a writer without readers and a bird without wings.
According to Anganwadi Officer Albina Peinlang, the number of heads of population in the village according to age group is as follows:- 0-6 years = 98, 7-10 years = 98, 11-20 = 21-30=58, 31-50=69, 51-70=41, 71-85=19 and 86-95=7 persons.
Those who eat, the Khasi and other ethnic groups, eat non-cow breeds.
From Laitumkhrah Constituency, the contest was between incumbent MDC Neil Antonio War, Congress candidate supported by Ampareen Lyngdoh, UDP candidate Anthony Nongbri supported by Bindo Lanong and a woman. Probity Nongpluh is the candidate of KHNAM.
Shillong, March 24: Police Sub-Inspector Promith Sangma was shot dead by armed men in the border areas of Pur Khasia in West Garo Hills. The Meghalaya Peoples Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has strongly condemned the incident and the violence by illegal groups which is also against human rights.
He said that even the Bengali community who have been living in the state for a long time has expressed that they have not seen such insult to the community in the state by the state government. put a plea not to pour petrol on this issue.
“On the part of the party leaders together with two MLAs we have come to this place to meet with all the leaders of other parties to discuss the formation of a new government.
According to information received today from the Ministers and officials of the Hima Mylliem, there have been six Ministers who have lodged a complaint against the Syiem and his EC to the District Council but they will wait. The reply of the District Council is due on the 14th of this month.
It is learned that the man is not well and is sleeping at home today, while his wife is going to the shop and the children are going to school.
Speaking to media, Samla Kenny Nongrum General Secretary of HITO expressed his regret to see the unfair behavior of the Khasi MLAs who have just become MLAs without being able to say anything on this protest. Therefore, the HITO has to take this step to urge all the MLAs to take action and to speak to the State Government on this issue which affects the youth of Hynniewtrep.
“We have enough challans and documents to throw stones but why did they stop us and for three months we have been standing there, we don't have food anymore!”, they said.
He said that the PHE's claim that water cannot be drawn from the Saw Mer Shiteng Reservoir, Upper Shillong as it is prohibited for entry and exit, is untrue.
If there is any other statement about the Khasi identity, especially in the Marngar clan:- What can be based on is to find out whether they still know their ancestry from the Iaw Shibdi or the Diengdoh clan.
This shows that they are ready to return to the work.
Today is the fourth day of the hearing and it will continue tomorrow for four days.
The State Women's Team beat Rajasthan 6-0 to continue their second victory in the Junior Girls' National Football Championship (Tier 2).
From now on, if there is any illegal activity, it should be appealed to the High Court because even the government officials are afraid only of the court and not of the people.
This action of the drivers has affected the poor and low income people especially the students who go to Shillong to complete their examinations.
The Governor also congratulated the people of the state and said that it is a pride and pleasure to take part in this celebration.
He said that the investigation and punishment will proceed according to the law, but the family of Bah Running including his young children, are in dire need of assistance as four months have passed. but without any assistance from the Government.
Nongpoh: Eight households in Lumdiengngan village, Umsawkhwan, Ri Bhoi District have been placed in the Micro-Containment Zone. that they may not enter or leave these places.
“If you look closely at the protest, most of us protest with our feelings and the way we protest is by burning cars and causing trouble and it ends like that,” he added.
In the complaint lodged at Sohiong Police station, the police demanded that the law enforcement agencies should take action against the driver according to the law.
Shillong: The Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima, Bah CA Lyngdoh today announced that the Hima has decided to open the Lawkyntang at Mawphlang and the David Scott Horse Road.
Then God will be pleased with us again and hear our prayers.
“Listen, Rida, I'm sorry,” said the mother, turning immediately to Panah.
The Chief Minister, who was in Ri-Bhoi, also met and talked to the farmers who grow sweet potatoes under the flagship program of the State known as the Meghalaya Aroma Mission at Byrwa.
Khliehriat, Jymmang, 21: On the 16th of June, the residents of Umrasong and Nongsning villages, East Jaintia Hills District, protested against the nearby coke factories. The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement Jaintia Zone (HNM) has strongly opposed and gives its full support to these two villages.
The FKJGP feels that this action of the state government will encourage other indigenous people and at the same time will ensure that only those who agree with the government ministers will be promoted.
The book will be launched by the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Bah Titos Chyne on Monday, 2nd November, 2020 at 4 pm. This collection of poems contains snaps of the king, the fire, children's games, the glory and reputation of Sohra, the footprints of the old man, and also about the past, present and future.
Manish Sharma took three wickets for 5/22 in 16 overs, Bipin Kumar for 2/35 in 8.5 overs and Abhishek. Kumar didn't manage to take any wickets and scored 1/43 in 9 overs.
Singh said Balsan was arrested after police received an FIR from a woman who was arrested on 13th June.
The AITC Leader also lit the Christmas tree and cut the cake to celebrate.
On the President's Proclamation 1950, the Minister said that this is another issue which has nothing to do with the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule.
Those who have been affected by the disease tell of its severity.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh and the Assistant Director of Arts and Culture, Kong D. Kharjana.
Through this goal, the match became more and more intense.
Besides, she also seized T.2 lakh and four vehicles including two Mahindra Thar, a Maruti Zen, a Maruti 800 and a Chevrolet Beat.
Conrad, who is also in charge of the finance department, said the total cost of the project will amount to at least T.17,917 crore except for the payment of debts which is T.964 crore.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the parents and relatives of these students who came to write the examination, said that they have been accompanying their children since the 12th. and 1 pm at NEHU but even in the evening their children have not been able to sit even inside the classroom.
“The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness: but he is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance” (2 Peter 3:9). ) and we remember the great city of Nineveh before God destroyed it he sent Jonah to preach about the destruction that God was going to bring on it and that it should repent and escape. destruction.
Almost all the shops have complied with the order of the Enforcement Police but when they reached the shop known as Kimlee Building which is owned by Paul Leong, he refused to close. The shops are not open because there is a court order not to close the shops in the area because there is still a case in the court.
The House has also witnessed important events since the struggle for India's independence.
This can be proved by many kinds of evidence.
West Garo Hills has three cases, South Garo Hills has one case and West Jaintia Hills has one case.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the 14th Kur Sutnga, Jowai, the 14th Kur Sutnga, Jowai, said that the arrest of Bah Jimmy Sutnga, a resident of Jowai, has been arrested. , members of the Seiñ Kur have met with the relatives of Vag Jimmy to find out the origin of his kur.
The income of rice farmers has declined and this has put the farmers in various difficulties.
Non-NFSA rice will be sold at 14/- per kilo.
Let us see what will happen before you criticize those who are for the good of the state.
Shillong, July 2: The Ponseti International Association (PIA) will celebrate World Clubfoot Day tomorrow.
The expectations from the MLA and MDC are still very low. The village has received assistance for the Corona rice and assistance for the school ground from the MLA and the MDC has helped for the playground in the village. he gave the spirit of Corona.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah SK Budnah congratulated the office of the District Sports Officer for organizing such a football tournament to develop the talents of the children in sports.
After arresting the father of the children, the police have also questioned the mother and son of the children and the investigation is ongoing.
“He said that the plate where the Syiem used to feed 60 ksew is on the footpath on Mawsiang, while the house of the Syiem Lapaten is located at the place where the Shad Kynthei is held. while they were still holding the traditional religion.
The number of cases in India has risen to 500 with one case from Manipur and four new cases from Karnataka.
It is to be recalled that many youths in the North East have been insulted with the words 'Corona' by people from other states of India.
Despite the fighting, Gaza has reported that Israel's overnight bombing of Gaza has killed 31 civilians in that part of the city. Rafah and about 20 others were injured when their homes were destroyed by Israeli shells that night.
The landslide occurred in Shalgari area of ​​the district, where it was severely affected by heavy rainfall, they said.
You are not happy in your soul.
One of the achievements of Meghalaya was the story presented by Bakshi on the theme, “Total sanitation through behavior change in Meghalaya”. to make the people aware of the importance of cleanliness.
She was calm and did not forget to send a special prayer in front of those churches.
“Mandor said it will take about 10 years to meet the requirements to ensure that the implementation of the NEP in Meghalaya will be smooth and efficient.
Dev Rai (3/29) and Jeffre Chyrmang (3/34) took wickets for EJH. In Zone 2, North Garo Hills DCA will play against Tura.
If this is the case, the ethnic parties in Meghalaya will now remain a shynrong without principles and it is also a shame and disgrace in front of the whole world.
In a letter to Home Minister Amit Shah, K.Vanlalvena said that the proposal to erect signs on the India-Myanmar border will affect the daily lives of the people of Mizoram. living in the border areas with Myanmar.
According to Bah Titos, even the Shillong Civil Hospital, the largest government hospital, does not have adequate equipment, blood banks and other necessities.
This theft of petrol is not only affecting the owners of petrol pumps which is their right and if such theft of petrol continues it will also affect the people of the state especially the protest to stop smuggling. oil if it continues will affect the people first if the state experiences oil shortage.
Regarding reports received from the BSF, it was said that the smugglers and other non-state actors had gathered near the border in the evening for to export goods from India to Bangladesh.
“There are those who say that there are other parties that are moving here and there, but I would say that the HSPDP, no matter how strong it is, cannot win more than three MLAs,” he said.
Meghalaya was led by Elias HSS Shillong under the leadership of coach Bah Bobby L Nongbet.
Our country is located on the outskirts of India but the whole world knows the beauty of this place.
We don't know what is happening outside because the internet has been shut down and there is no way to talk or meet,” she said.
It may be recalled that the first visit of the four HNLC leaders to Shillong was on 5th July,
At this meeting, there were also comments from all the leaders of the District, on the reluctance to speak on the peace and order in the District and the strongest condemnation was given to Dr.DD Lapang, who is the head of the District. The Chief Adviser of the State Government, but when it came to such a situation, he did not want to say anything.
He also took the opportunity to congratulate the leaders who took the lead in the establishment of Ri Bhoi District from Dr. DD Lapang, Dr. Fr. Sylvanus Sngi and other leaders. They have achieved a complete district within Ri Bhoi District.
Lajong will now prepare for their next match against Rangdajied United on the 3rd of November.
We have also told them what problems we as citizens of the state are facing and we are waiting for a decision from them on this (the withdrawal of support from the MDA),” he said.
Of course, we respect those who want to learn a language, but that does not mean that others should force us to learn a language that we do not like or benefit from.
In these BJP, within 10-20 years they will have to start Cow-Family Planning, because India will be overcrowded with people and cows, so they will have to plan for cows too. Subramanian Swamy MP, said that there are two types of cows, which Hindus worship, the Bos Indicus cows, which we should take good care of.
It was also alleged in the file No.206J of 1875 that, “This matter has been going on for a long time and the residents of Nongpoh have complained and expressed that the division of the boundary between Kamrup and Khasi Hills has been on the basis that all the lands under the Khasi Hima should be transferred to the Khasi Hills.
Jowai, July 10: The District Sports Officer, Jowai, Shillong in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSA) will hold the 5th Meghalaya Games to be held from 15th to 20th July, 2024 at Tura, West Garo Hills District.
We understand that all the people understand these problems and want to have their own leader who is responsible and who can make laws and policies according to the needs of the people, we witness also that various religious groups and churches have held special prayers for leaders who know God, who have responsibility and understanding and who hate unjust wealth.
This was revealed at a meeting held by the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Lyngngam Hynnengbrei Area Unit at Nongdaju village on Monday. They have met with the union and discussed how to fight and resolve these issues.
It not only angered the government but also angered the general public who knew about it.
At this time, police found that about 150-200 people had gathered in front of the house of the TMC candidate from Phulbari Constituency. Joynal Abedin and Md. Aynal Haque who confessed to being involved in Sofiqul Islam, also known as Bhutto, Abdul Ahmed, Mukul Sangma, Shahajahan and others.
In other words, love once again gives way and continues the relationship between God and creation, between God and man and between fellow creatures.
Shillong, November 15: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Kharkrang, today announced that truck traffic will be banned from Mawdiangdiang to Tynring from November 17 to 21 due to the lack of Physical Efficiency Test (PET). to the youths who are fighting for the Meghalaya Police Service (MPS).
While the man was watching, the cow said to the man, “Sir, I feel sorry for you because you are a foolish man, you are stupid and you have no power over a woman.
Until now, the house is no longer habitable and has to be repaired, the report said.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 09: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Northern Region today visited the family of Markordor Lyngkhoi and Justarwell Marbaniang from Erpakon village, Ri Bhoi District. They also donated tins of soping and rice to the family who were affected by the fire.
Looking back, the party's performance in other states of India has declined slowly.
The Court on 9th October, while hearing the case of the HPC, said, “Because the plaintiff has expressed her desire to settle for the land for the bujli, which the government is also hearing, it has been postponed. the hearing of the case as an opportunity to settle between the two cases"
They also explained the decision of the party to suspend for two years the MDC of Sohryngkham, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem for his anti-party activities so that the people of this area will not be misled by those who take advantage of them. they don't want to spread the party.
Speaking at the rally, the General Secretary of KJDSTA and a member of JACATAM, Bah Polly Warlarpih said that according to information received, Dr Laloo while speaking at the rally today, at the Soso Tham Auditorium. , claimed that he did not understand what the teachers’ problems were and why they were striking.
Shillong, Nailar 7: The Chief Ministers of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur have said that the Indian government has not consulted with them when it signed the NSCN(IM) agreement. The NSCN (IM) and the Congress Chief Ministers have made it clear that they will not give up even an inch of their land.
Their actions have brought true cleanliness and beauty and they deserve praise and proclamation.
“He said that up to 4 sites have been identified and selected for the implementation of the PHPs, the purchase of land remains important.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Saikia explained the purpose, methodology and benefits of Human Rights, as it is true that many residents in different places , they are not even aware of their own human rights that they have.
In the second half, Evergreen Mukhla SC struggled to turn the tide and in the 60th minute Eddie Rayner Suna scored the first goal, followed by the second goal. Robert Bang scored in the 87th minute.
Regarding Labang Nangphyllut Elaka, which is now known as Block-1, the CEM said that the Council has already appointed a Dolloi to revive the Elaka. The JNC has urged the Dolloi of the Elaka to take the certificate from the JHADC. Labang Nangphyllut to do whatever is necessary so that the JHADC can provide full protection to the Pnar Villages which still fall under the Elaka.
An offense itself is an offense no matter how big or small and is the subject of the Act.
Waheh Shnong Bah Dawyo Dkhar in his speech expressed his gratitude to the KSU for having a far-sighted spirit to help by cleaning up the village and wished the members and office bearers of the KSU to continue to provide the best service to the KSU. the people of the village.
At that time no one knows, the world doesn't know, the scientists don't know, it will be a great surprise because of the loss of people.
Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, FM Dopth said that out of 2300 residents of East Jaintia Hills who have been stranded abroad, more than 513 have returned.
During the program, computers, desks, and sports equipment were distributed to students to support them in their academic and other activities.
Through this meeting, it was agreed that the Waheh Shnong of Moojem, will discuss and resolve with the Waheh Shnong of Muthade, regarding the land dispute of the Karbi community.
On the other hand, Conrad K Sangma said the state budget session will start on October 20 and the finance department has prepared the full budget.
Therefore, the allegations of the Congress are groundless.
Speaking at the confirmation meeting of the NPP Nartiang Block Committee at Iawpynsin, Wahiajer on Thursday, Ma Sniawbhalang said that he wants to serve the best and transform the Nartiang Constituency. whole.
They also expressed their surprise when the 12 shaka truck collided with the tire shop which was very loud until the truck fell into the river.
The name, address and ID Card of those who come to buy this coal should be submitted along with their bid price.
He shuts his eyes from seeing the suffering, poverty, or pestilence of their people, and shuts his ears from hearing their cries, their prayers, and their cries.
Sani Nongtdu scored 48 runs (6×4 and 3×6), Dayman Shullai scored 37 runs (3×4 and 3×6), Heipormi Laloo, Teilang War, Heisar Bareh and Kune Lato of Umchangiar took two wickets each in four overs.
The BJP is hoping to form a government even if it gets only 10 MLAs. If the BJP chief in the state says that there is nothing wrong with the people in Meghalaya who eat beef, The question is, will the import of cows from the states ruled by the BJP governments be allowed freely? Voters in Meghalaya and Nagaland will cast their votes on 27th June, 2023, and the counting of votes will be held on 2nd October,
The places where the song was recorded include Mawphanlur, Mairang Nongkhlaw Highway, Kyllang Rock and Shyrwang Petrol Pump.
However, she couldn't help but give a word of comfort to her friend, “Woman of God who knows our lives because he is the one who gives and creates.
On the 9th, Mawshynrut Outpost Police received another complaint from three residents of Malangkona village alleging that Assam officers had injured, shot and threatened people who opposed their invasion. to this road.
They were the ones who brought the drugs to Esther.
There are those who smoke all day.
The Working President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is also a Minister of State, said that he believes that the party's contest in the mid-term elections from Shella will not affect the government. MDA), but will be confirmed.
Welcoming the leaders of other parties, Bah Macmillan Byrsat MLA Nongstoiñ, said that the people of Nongstoiñ are very wise to elect the Nongmihkhmat, especially in 2018 because they elect the leaders of other parties. a person from the party that leads the government and not to those who are led or to people from other parties in the opposition.
That's what matters.
I don't know what the point of B Ed is when even the answer scripts of matric can be corrected by people who haven't passed it.
Initially, the party did not win 10 or 2 seats, but gradually it lost 10 or 2 seats and the party immediately lost its position.
The Minister said that the government has to purchase and decide on the injections to provide protection. training on how to do it and how much it costs to purchase injections to distribute to the public to take precautions.
production@gmail.com.
The ceremony was held at the Syiem Mylliem Police Station at Iewduh.
When questioned by the police, Lona said that she went to the place alone and of her own free will on the morning of the 1st of this month because she wanted to see the place and she said that she was riding in a car. When she arrived in Guwahati, she went to stay overnight at Meghalaya House.
However, in Meghalaya, it happened last month and it was a great shame and showed the value of the MDA government led by Conrad K. Sangma.
According to the pastors earlier, the churches to participate are the Khasi Church, the Khihlang Church, the Raij Church, the Roman Catholic Church, the KJP Youth Assembly, the KJP Eastern Synod, the Ri Bhoi Synod and others.
“The decision between the MDA allies will be taken on Tuesday.
New Delhi: Five MPs who have been suspended from the Rajya Sabha have slept all night in front of Parliament and their protest continues till this morning.
Police rushed the injured by ambulance and 108 to Nongpoh Civil Hospital and some of the seriously injured were shifted to Guwahati Hospital. for better access to medical care.
“Besides the truck, it is filled with foreign dew to deceive, to deceive and loot the rights of the longdien, but inside it is filled with coal, so what does the Government have to say,” he said.
Mawten Sports Club on Tuesday concluded the final of the 3rd Above 40 Football Tournament 2023-24 with Sumer Veteran Football Club winning the title. won the match at Mawpyllun Stadium, Mawten, South West Khasi Hills District.
In a statement, Jiedskhem Nongsiej Asst.General Secretary of the party said that the NDA government has not yet spoken clearly but Dr. Don is willing to speak so.
We would like to thank the MDC of Nongpoh Constituency, Kong Rona Khymdeit, for her speech on the basis of the truth as it is and as it has been done in Ri-Bhoi.
After the meeting, the chief guest led the planting of 100 trees in the grounds of the school, followed by all the invitees, the school owners, all the teachers and some This will be continued by all school children in the coming days, so that they can participate in the reshaping of the environment according to this year's theme in the celebration of Earth Day-2 .
This office charges a low fee.
Shillong, Lber, 16: The Directorate of Civil Defense and Home Guards, Meghalaya on Saturday announced that it needs Home Guard Volunteers who have completed their training to serve in the Lok Sabha elections.
The order was issued on Thursday after a new case of COVID-19 was confirmed in the area.
Doctors can perform these more difficult operations but in a safe, easy manner, and that doctors can perform as many operations as needed with the help of robots and This is different from the rules of puid that you have done all the time.
The arrest of more than 20 persons by the West Garo Hills Police a day after a stone throwing by the crowd at the office of the Chief Minister in Tura, shows that there is a you are the world.
He said that after seeing the news, the MPCC and the Khliehriat Assembly Youth Congress Committee (KAYCC) have decided to take action against the Block and District Leaders. The Women Congress Committees, Circles and Units of the party have urgently held a meeting in Khliehriat West.
They also hope that the leader who will be elected in this election will have to bring about development works in the constituency as there are still many shortcomings.
At the same time, the party urges them to have a spirit of struggle and perseverance in the struggle.
The teams that will play on this day are Bosco Hornbills, Chipakkore FC Dolphins, Sherwood School Tigers, Modynagar SCC Wolves, BBFS-WI Dragons and Ka'grak Dobasipara Leopards.
These lights will be open daily from 5 pm until 2/1/2
MeECL buys light at a low price but sells it at a high price to the public.
Two other men were seen in the room, who were trying to stop the shooting, and the ksew of the police chief, who was very loud, was also seen. of the shooting of the police chief and his wife.
“I have taken this decision in consultation and understanding,” said Bah Metbah.
The final will be played between St. Anthony's College and Shillong College at 9.00 am tomorrow.
He said there are three things we should do as Christians, the first is to read the Bible, the second is to pray and the third is to go to church.
In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic will teach us more and more that we should not depend only on other jobs because this is not good for us. The challenges are to turn our youngsters to look at other jobs and also to know how we should live to bring about change.
Prestone strongly defended Conrad by saying that taking pictures with anyone should not be an issue in the House, as even Dr. Mukul Sangma takes pictures with many people.
In a complaint lodged with the SP of East Khasi Hills, the HYC said that the allowance of these foreigners to work at the toll gate has raised doubts as an organization that looks after the welfare of the people. and the peace and stability of the Hynniewtrep people.
“I am planning to appoint another MDC from the HSPDP as EM within this month as I have already confirmed that I will do so after the end of the Council session,” said Bah Nongrum. u God.
That is why the Word of God says in the Book of Hosea, “My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge; because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me" Hosea 4:6
In another part of the news, it was learned that tomorrow, the District Administration, will hold a special meeting to decide how to act and take action on the incident ha Pamphyrnai. .
Another issue of the election campaign in the state, said Bah Pala, will be the employment of one member of each household in the state.
In the semifinal, Rangdajied United beat Shillong Lajong 1-0
This idea was also confirmed by the Apostle Paul: “There is no difference between Jew and Greek, between slave and free...for ye are all one in Christ” (Galatians 3:28).
“I will go to Delhi now not to discuss party affairs but for the affairs of the state and I will tell you when I come back,” he said after leaving the MPRIL meeting at Polo on Tuesday. day.
Other beneficiaries from other schemes under CM-Elevate have received financial assistance through the Meghalaya Agriculture Warehouse Scheme, Prime Agriculture Response Vehicle Scheme and Meghalaya. Motorcar Scheme.
However, the Bill of the VPP MLA was defeated without a voice vote.
Warit said that a complaint has been lodged with the Deputy Commissioner, but nothing has been resolved.
“This market has faced many problems but we have been able to prevent them from doing so,” said Bah Gavin. and thou shalt be beautiful unto me.
The opening ceremony was attended by the owners of the 12 teams participating in the Baby League including the national player Eugeneson Lyngdoh.
The reason for this protest is to demand the full employment of casual workers and the release of the outstanding arrear from 2018-2
The report noted that the preparation for the raid was adequate but the execution by the raid team was very poor as the intention was always to capture him alive.
On the other hand, the President said that the RKSF demands and urges the State Government to do good for the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep so that the people will not lose but will get adequate income.
Relatives include Tribon Mukhim (Son), Heh MN Mukhim, MDC & Ex-MLA (Son), Bah JS Mukhim (Son) and the entire family.
Prestone said that we all know that he is a person who doesn't like to talk when he wants and therefore he wants to say something on this issue, but as residents who have the responsibility of India we should think carefully before saying or criticizing anything.
After a journey of seven (7) years, the Nongsning Church was fully established in
“We would like to urge the Meghalaya government not to evict the Sikhs from Iewmawlong who have been living there for 150 years.
RP Kalita, General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Eastern Command with leaders and managers.
“Now we are witnessing that tourism has benefited not only those from Darrang District, but many people from other villages like Amkoi, Nongbareh, Padu, Kudengrim. many aspects in the tourism industry,” said the statement.
The work of Tantia Company is still pending and has yet to be paid.
OR Challam condemned the present government for not thinking at all about the problems of the people especially the youth who are still in the middle of their studies. They have been severely affected by the lack of light or electricity in the state.
Therefore, he urged the residents who have firearm licenses to immediately drop off their weapons at any nearby Police Station within 10 days from the date of issuance of this order.
Twenty-five clubs will participate in the tournament which is also the first time that many clubs from across the state will participate in the MSL, which is divided into four groups.
The family members of the child said that Phawa had called the child and dragged her into a car which was playing a loud music and committed the crime at 6 pm. :30 p.m.
However, due to the fact that the HNLC has set some conditions for the peace talks, this has not happened, as it is, the central government wants to hold peace talks with the rebel groups. The BJP in Meghalaya and the MDA government want peace talks with the HNLC to bring peace especially in Shillong.
The Assam government has required those who come from abroad to undergo Rapid Antigen Test (RAT) and RT-PCR tests and they have been taken to Tikol Model Hospital. , which is adjacent to the airport itself.
The General Secretary, JHADC Pensioners Association, Bylon Khyriem has invited all the pensioners of the council to attend the meeting to discuss the issue of pensioners and other issues for the betterment of the council. union.
In reply to the target set by SCA, NGDHDCA managed to tied only 61 runs for the loss of all wickets in 17 overs.
In the women's category, Jyoti Agarwal won the gold medal, Gunjan Singhania the silver medal and Ooma Tiwari Tariang the bronze medal.
He said the government has also prepared to create up to 5.5 lakh jobs in the next five years, which will be about 1 lakh in the next 10 years.
However, I request them to contest at this time from two constituencies, and they have agreed to do so,” he said.
The march started from the village to the main road where the residents of the village, men and women, with placards demanded justice for the two drivers who were killed.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has written to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Comingone Ymbon to pay the four-month salary of the Home Guards.
The social status and occupation of the Celts reached a permanent state.
After the UDP candidate, on the second day of the month, the HSPDP candidate World Champion Paliar went to register his nomination papers before the Assistant Returning Officer of WKHD PD Sangma.
This issue, if resolved, may become a hot topic in the elections across the state especially in those constituencies in Rilum Khasi and Jaintia.
They refuse to make their children become like themselves.
The Minister also informed that the state government through the Payment for Eco-System (PES) has tried to protect the water sources across the state.
He said that what has been seen since the recent dorbar in which a question has been raised on the elimination of these irregularities, corruption, on the lack of attention to the many accusations against the government, but there is only denial of all these.
In 2014, the Congress won 15 seats and later independent MDCs Phasmoon Dkhar and Het Pohthmi joined.
As soon as we received the information, the Deputy Commissioners and the relevant officers immediately discussed and tried to resolve these issues as soon as possible”.
Dr. Mukul said that during this time of pandemic, there is concern on their part and said that the government should work together with the opposition and the community, in order to the government should take note of these recommendations.
According to the residents of the area, the landslide happened at 3 pm and the PWD Pynursla department was informed at 7 pm. in the morning to clean up the house.
The Animal Health Center in Khanapara has tested positive for ASF in pigs from Pynursla, Nongkasen, Umsawniang and parts of Ri Bhoi District. 40 pigs have died from the disease.
On this occasion, the Syiem also expressed his gratitude to the Ministry of Tourism of the Union Government for its contribution for several years for the improvement of this facility for the visitors. tourists and more than dancers.
“We have not accepted this request of the Assam Government.
The KSU has acknowledged that Simon Siangshai, former MLA and late supporter of the Public Hearing convened by the MSPCB on 21/11/2020 for the mining of Star Cement from Brief.
This usurpation has continued ever since.
Shillong, November 17 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has strongly criticized the private sector or political parties who allege that the government has taken about Rs 1500 crore for the FOCUS and FOCUS+ schemes.
The union said that looking at the money spent and the work, it is unimaginable and it is on this implementation, which has prompted the leaders of the union to seek clarification and demand. Shillong, Nailar 3: U Bah PT Sawkmie MDC Mawlai Constituency, in the past few days, has visited the Mawlai Constituency. Nongkohlew Village Council to meet with the Village Authority to discuss the need for drinking water.
He added that we have to fight against employment in the state. How many private schools there are, whether these companies provide employment to the youth of the state, we have to see. this is it.
“In this second demarcation, the union urges the two governments to include all the remaining seven sectors such as Nongmynsaw (Langpih), Block 1, Block 2, Psiar and Khanduli, Deshdomria (Raid Khadar Bongthai), Baridua and Nongwah Mawtamur and that no sector should be left in place,” said the union.
These incidents can also be reported to the Cybercrime Helpline Number 1930 and the Police Control Room, Shillong at 0364-2215427 and 6009196479,” said the SP (City).
The protest was attended by various organizations within the NESO including the KSU, Shillong Socio-Cultural Assamese Students' Association, Naga Students' Union Shillong, Mizo Zirlai Pawl Shillong, Mizo Zirlai Pawl Shillong, Shillong. Twipra Students' Federation Shillong, Arunachal Students' Union Shillong, Garo Students' Union KHZ and Shillong Manipuri Students' Union.
The DC said that in connection with this incident, the khwai managers, the village leaders of Ksehkohlong also came out, and the DC told them that what happened happened, the law will run and take its own course.
The UDP under the leadership of Dr Donkupar Roy also came to listen to her speech.
“I have not yet decided which party to fight for.
Smit won a cash prize of T.1 lakh and a trophy, while Assam Rifles won T.50,000 thousand, which she intends to share with other teams. clubs taking part in this tournament.
In order to protect these two languages, the group has supported the petition in the State Assembly and we request the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo is mentioned in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The DIG of BSF Shillong Frontier, said that in 2021, they have arrested 155 persons who violated the rules on the border with Bangladesh, of which 89 persons were arrested. They are from India, 63 from Bangladesh, 2 from Nigeria and 1 from Africa.
Ex.Rev.K.LangrinDear readers, I would like to ask you – Do you want peace? What kind of peace do you want and how can we achieve it? Everyone in the world wants peace from personal life to the world as a whole.
The words of hope and encouragement to the Jews were “...the people who know God are strong and will prevail” The Roman Catholic Bible writes “...but the people who follow him May God bless you and give you victory"
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Vijay Hazare Trophy 2023-24, one of the BCCI Domestic One Day Tournaments for men, started its journey in Jaipur today. Palei, despite losing by 32 runs, the team played hard and played a spectacular game against Vidarbha.
“He spoke well about the party's preparations for the elections and to come up with many initiatives for this,” said VK Sharma, President of the BJP in Madhya Pradesh.
But what we see now to what extent can give us light, unless we fall and walk upon the Deserts of the Arabian Peninsula.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 22: The residents of West Khasi Hills are agricultural and until today more than 70% of them are still following the farming methods led by their ancestors.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Minister of District Council Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh and the MLA of Mawphlang, Kennedy C Khyriem, have contested for the post of BDO in Mawphlang. It has been empty for three months and this has caused problems to the people in need.
They said that these vehicles are owned by foreigners and do not have a Regional Permit, Work or Labor Permit or Trading Licence.
If this statement of the MLA is true, the police department should take action to stop or punish its policemen, who drink alcohol and who defame the police department and which affects the health of the police department. of them because they have also died of alcoholism.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that these roads are very important for the development of the region.
On the other hand, the HNYM said that it is ready and waiting for them to start, because the HNYM does not want to see that the blood of our fellow citizens will be lyngkien without being shed.
He said that until these days, the assistance from the tourism authorities has not been available but he has been paying for it with his own money.
From Mount Diengiei to Mount Shyllong it is only one hour, from Mount Shyllong to Mount Mawpat it is only one hour and from Mount Mawpat to Mount Sohpetbneng it is only one hour.
Aryna, who is the Australian Open champion and second in the world, has been able to qualify for the tournament. Sloane Stephens beat Sloane Stephens 7-6 (7/5), 6-4 to reach the tournament for the first time.
Asia has now escaped execution, through a court order, but we don't know which country she will stay in, because she will have to leave Pakistan and go to another country. .
However, he said the department intends to conduct an audit of the electrical wires of the old houses in Shillong.
They were arrested from Katagashtal, Silchar.
The 12 leaders who left the Congress are the leaders of the new political party in the state and its preparations for the 2023 elections have been the most successful compared to other political parties. in the state.
The ruling Trinamool Congress (TMC) in West Bengal has announced that it will hold a meeting with the BJP and opposition parties over the Sandeshkhali issue. A large public rally was held at the Brigade Parade Ground in Kolkata on October 10 to protest against the violence of the CM against projects benefiting the people of the state government.
They said that the church will not allow anyone to sell any kind of goods such as religious books, food shops or any shops in the village on Sunday to hold public services, because the church members They prepared food for those who came to the service.
Whether you are accused or not, it is a very difficult time to answer.
MEPA also demanded that the state government should conduct inspections of various government schemes through programs to be arranged by the government to various workplaces across the state.
Earlier, Ladrymbai police had arrested two of his members while they were extorting money in Ladrymbai.
He said that the flag should be rectangular, when hoisted it shows the level of honor of the country and should not be hoisted with a broken or damaged flag. shape.
This article has gone viral on social media.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today held a meeting with all the village leaders in the Nongpoh area due to the increasing electricity shortage in many villages in the Nongpoh area. Through this meeting, they decided to take strong action against MeECL on the grounds that it has not been able to provide electricity to many villages in the Nongpoh area.
Speaking to media, after visiting the injured, the Prime Minister said that the government will spend on the treatment of the injured until they recover. take.
Anger and protest against the government over the report of the shooting death of former HNLC leader (L) Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on 13th July 2021 has spread to Jaintia Hills.
“Give me some money to go and prepare the book,” said Gavin in a low voice.
From the way of thinking of these rulers, it shows that they are more focused on collecting schemes from various Union Ministers from Delhi without thinking about the lives and deaths of the people here in their own country.
“As Lamphang, I promise to be neutral without partiality,” he added.
The State Government on Friday rejected the demand of the Opposition to pass a resolution against the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) on the grounds that the Government will not introduce a Bill on this issue. .
“We express our opposition to the installation of mobile towers in public places, based on the information and research that the radiation emitted through mobile towers, causes many serious diseases. “It affects the health of the people, such as tuberculosis, brain tumors, Alzheimer's disease and even poor women and other diseases,” he said. leaders.
The Waheh Shnongs also on 21st July 2020 met with the Chief Minister to convey to him the opposition of the people to transport coal by trucks from Assam to East Jaintia Hills.
The distribution of Khaw AAY will be 35 kilos per household per month at Rs.3.00 per kilo, Khaw PHH will be distributed 5 kilos per month at Rs.3.00 per kilo, while Khaw Non will be distributed at Rs.3.00 per kilo per month. - NFSA will distribute 7.215 kilos per household per month at the average selling price of Rs.14/- per kilo in urban and rural areas.
Speakers on the occasion, including Bah Mayraldborn Syiem and Fr. Agustine Koottala, expressed their satisfaction to see that the SACYM Zone VI, which has been able to continue for the purpose of holding the This Convention, which is also very important in this age.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has also issued orders or recommendations including the order not to leave the house during the hot hours of the day especially at 12 noon and 3 pm, drink plenty of water and wear loose clothes.
The Congress leader admitted that there are also MLAs who can apply for tickets for the MDC elections. )," he said.
It is also the time to visit your friends and neighbors to wish you a happy Durga Puja.
It's up to the user whether he wants to be a human being or an animal (we won't talk about evil) and who still feels that he is a human being. he must also listen to the rules of family and society – the Khasi now understand foreign languages ​​better than their own language).
“There are poor families who cannot refuse to send their children to work and to avoid this, the union is ready to help create the mechanisms. I'm free from all these things,” said Bah Mawthoh.
Pawan Singh, Director Education Program NRAI & Joint Secretary General, NRAI who was the chief guest congratulated the Shooting Association of Meghalaya and the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government for agreeing to hold this programme. He also urged the NRAI to continue to conduct various programs in the state for the benefit of Meghalaya.
The above are the reasons why a person receives an answer from God when he prays.
“It is the job of the historian, and the political analysts to judge what I have done.
Such leaders don't know how to earn money or make money for themselves.
Bain & Company, Capgemini, Deloitte USI, EY, IBM, Infosys Consulting, WNS Global, Avalon Consulting, Everest Group, McKinsey & Company and Qwixpert were the groups that offered the most jobs. received job offers in the financial sector with Axis Bank, DE Shaw, Goldman Sachs, HDFC Bank, HSBC, ICICI Bank, JP Morgan Chase & Co.
The meeting was also attended by CSC E-Governance Officers from the State Head Ravi Roy (Assistant Manager) and Birjeet Laskar (State Co-Ordinator of Meghalaya).
Speaking to media, Rakkam cited the example of a 2014 case in Maharashtra, after the plaintiff stood up against the law proposed to be implemented by the Government of Maharashtra under the Supreme Court.
RDA Secretary KP Pangniang who is also the President of the HSPDP said that the appointment of Bah Robert is a desire to restore the dignity of the jaidbynriew in front of the world and it is up to the people to take action. you die.
However, the woman did not listen at all and continued to insist that she did not own all the fields and land as far as she could see.
Shillong, July 27: Custom employees are the guardians of the security of the country's income and trade, said DD Ingty, Chief of Customs Department, who retired on the occasion of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The International Customs Day was celebrated today in the city under the theme “Digital Customs.
The award ceremony was held at the Lalit Hotel in New Delhi.
Gagarin was not the only man to reach space through the Soviet space station, Vostok.
“The government has organized a film festival yesterday,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The hunger strike of Bah Ardent on Sunday has reached its sixth day and his hunger strike has lasted for more than 130 hours. He said that this protest is not the responsibility of the VPP or Bah Ardent but the responsibility of the jaidbynriew.
It is true that most of the participants in this Japanese Tree Festival are from outside the State or even from abroad.
“Up to 100 employees of the Raj Bhavan will lodge a complaint against the Governor, it is nothing,” said Bah Ronie.
With this victory, Rangdajied have 9 points from three games, while Ryntih are in fourth position with 4 points from four games.
Rudolf Eustace Laloo (PHF), Secretary Rotary Club Jowai in the presence of Rtn.
Laloo said that during these days of rainfall, parts of the river have become too high even for the dohum which have reached the streams and some people have taken advantage of these dohum.
St. Anthony's College has become the first team to reach the semi final of the Inter College Football Men Tournament organized by NEHU. To beat Morningstar College 5-3 in the first quarter final of the SAI Training Centre, Shillong on Tuesday.
Rs.23,50,000/- , M/s Jaintia Coke Industries (Chimney-II) Rs.30,70,000/- ,M/s HMP Coke Rs.25,90,000/- M/s Halari Coke Rs.4, 10, 000/- , M/s East Jaintia Coke, Rs.30, 70, 000/- , M/s Druk Fuels Limited Rs.30, 00, 000/- , M/s DK Coke and M/s SSS Coke Industries mar Rs.29,90,000/- , M/s Barbarik Coke Industry Rs.8,20,000/- ,M/s Vivan Associate and M/s Sutnga Fuels of Rs.3,70,000/-.
The 172 Bn Border Security Force (BSF) on Friday rescued two cows which were smuggled into two Alto vehicles from Bangladesh. East Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, we should not take such reports lightly because they highlight the problems we face as a state and as a society.
The MLA/MDC from Nongkrem who has been nominated for the post of Minister after becoming Speaker of the UDP President will be another.
He said that the union from time to time has asked the MLA of the area to find ways and means while the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, has asked the union to find ways and means. I tried to meet him but I don't know why I couldn't meet him.
Shillong, Lber 15 : The North East Center for Technology Application and Reach (NECTAR), Government of India, on Tuesday launched the Community Radio Station (CRS). Mawkynrew 89.60 FM Community Radio is located in Jongksha village, Mawkynrew C&RD Block.
Furthermore, the celebration of M/S NES's 18th Anniversary and the opening of the new petrol station is a commitment of M/S NES to continue to provide the best service. to the public regarding the supply of fuel to the public and other services for the public.
Speaking on the occasion, the chief guest, Kong Juliana Umdor, wished the Rupang Poor Relief Committee to continue in its charitable activities and that the newspaper will continue to work hard to bring about change in the society. society as it has always worked.
West Ham, through this defeat, are now on the verge of relegation.
He said that this encroachment by the Assam police and the Karbi people on their land has caused danger and panic to the villagers and especially to the farmers who farm in this area.
The Best Player was awarded to Knerktilang Buam who scored two goals in the final. The Best Goalkeeper was awarded to Frolick Dkhar of Tariang FC. J.Myrom DSP East Jaintia Hills, in the presence of H. Bareh Project Manager, K. Passah DSO West Jaintia Hills, Village Authority and other elders of the area. and the crowd of spectators.
However, the shocking thing is that since she started remembering until she has been more than 40 years old, she has never heard of such crimes happening in this area.
On the other hand, the KSU has urged the police of Sohra Civil Sub Division not to allow those who have left the area to return at this time. watch out for incoming and outgoing vehicles.
During the elections, they give everything they want, they promise to do good, they talk about development, but as the people we must understand that we need intellectuals, who have knowledge and We need to elect leaders who can be like leaders, because to lead like a democracy is not a job. To elect people who have the knowledge and the ability to lead the people and how to shape for the future of society and the nation as a whole, this is a statement from Bah Albert Maring is from Umdap Dumu village in Ri-Bhoi District.
Shillong, July 01: After the BJP leader in charge of Meghalaya Nalin S Kohli called on the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to meet face to face with the Chief Minister, Congress spokesperson Gourab Gogoi, MP from Assam, said: he came forward to play against Kohli.
The Seng is surprised that the students who have passed well have not been admitted to study, but many of the students who have been admitted to university are foreigners.
All vehicles coming from Nartiang area will park their vehicles at Iaw Pynsin and heavy vehicles will have to pass through Lad Langi and park their vehicles at Lum Challam. Vehicles coming from Tyrshang and Larnai will have to pass through Lad Chutwakhu and stop at Catholic School Ground.
NEHU Law Student Robert Kharjarin questioned the government which has called for discussion on the Bill, but why the Education Policy and Industrial Policy.
In this regard, the EJNC-KC on Monday sent a letter to the DC East Jaintia Hills regarding the illegal entry of foreigners into the district and urged him to take action to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the district.
Regarding the youth in this case it is now more difficult to find because some of those who can be named have joined the VPP and in this regard the party should be commended for building up the trust of the youth. they shall be entitled to become members and contest as candidates in the elections to the Legislative Assembly.
A law should be enacted for contractual employees.
Among these hundreds, the names of two pastors of the Christian Church, Rev. JJM Nichols-Roy and Rev. Mon Lyngdoh from Laitumkhrah, also appear.
The Deputy Commissioner explained all the rules that the candidates must follow before they start holding meetings in public places, villages and other places.
To encourage the adoption of these vehicles, the Government of India has issued regulations and launched many initiatives to promote and encourage the adoption of these vehicles.
He said that several tickets have been applied for and once the approval of the party is received, they will be released.
For B.Tech, 45 per cent, engineering 45 per cent and M.Tech 50 per cent.
The NFR has urged all passengers to have valid train tickets and also to provide valid Identity Cards to avoid being misled. who are the problems.
According to his understanding, the Government is aware that there is a very important issue submitted by a member of the opposition. Government to suspend the implementation of the Roster System in the State since
It is worth mentioning that although there was a complaint from the shopkeepers in Laban before the closure, the KHADC did not listen to the shopkeepers to close them immediately.
At the same time, it was found that in every village in the district, there are fish farms at least three to four and some villages have dozens of ponds.
Kitbok Thabah, President of All Meghalaya Dancer Association, Charlie Mawrie, President of HNYF Nongstoin Circle and others who participated in the event. that day, and the people.
Under paragraph 6 of Article 10, the power is in the hands of the Speaker how to act.
This census is necessary because the information helps the government to develop policies.
“After assuming office as Prime Minister in 2014, Narendra Modi has not only empowered the army, but has also strengthened security to face the challenges ahead,” he said.
The state will participate in 14 disciplines including Archery, Athletics, Badminton, Basketball, Boxing, Football, Belt Wrestling, Freestyle Wrestling, Lawn Tennis, Pencak Silak, Table Tennis and Taekwondo. , Volleyball and Wushu.
Choice and decision is also a duty and responsibility that we cannot escape.
Because of the increase in tourism in the village, they also earn money by selling these handicrafts.
Shillong Lajong FC beat Gokulam Kerala 3-1 at the SSA Stadium, Polo, Shillong on Sunday. This is the first time I have played in the I League.
“Of course there has been a lot of loss of income to the owners of guest houses and hotels in the area due to the curfew but we should pray that this disease (Corona Virus) will not spread to our state” I added.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Government of Meghalaya has requested the Ministry of Civil Aviation to recognize the Shillong Airport as an International Airport.
Since this is not a race, the runners are also not in a hurry to chase the time.
Shillong, March 9: The Judicial Magistrate First Class, Shillong has sentenced Banlumlang Warjri to four months and four days imprisonment. /S 448/506 IPC for his involvement in the robbery and charges against Irene P. Hujon, ABP Road, Harisabha Laban, Shillong.
Police have stepped up their search operations in West Garo Hills following the killing of two persons including a woman.
Kenny Warjri is the second son of Bernodeth Pathaw and Victor Warjri, residents of Wahingdoh Block II. He has six siblings. 1985 and at the age of 29 years he passed away.
On July 25, 2018, 5,200 kilos of formalin-containing fish were seized from Dimapur and two days later, 2,000 kilos of formalin-containing fish were seized from Nagaland.
The students selected to receive the bicycles are from Dumnikura, Namchapara, Sibbari, Bangkona and Nilwagiri.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The State Government through the Arts and Culture Department has announced to hold the Tri Hills Ensemble Festival on the 24th and 25th of this month at the State Central Library.
Shilong, Jymmang 02: The sister of Bah Charming Marngar has admitted that she witnessed the shooting of a bomb at the office of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in Jaïaw on the 30th of this month. date of July to the people who have faced themselves.
The order also stipulates that shops to be open daily include grocery stores, block making plants in remote areas of Shillong, dewbilat factories, grocery shops and as well as all veterinary clinics and shops near Shillong.
“A lot of preparations before the start of this match and Stimac was involved.
This behavior of Bah Pangniang, one of the party leaders, shows that things are not going well within the party especially in relation to the expulsion of Bah Nongsiej and Bah Morningstar Mawsor.
Shillong: U Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle, on Tuesday said that the Sur ki Mawlai Circle has received a complaint from the Sur ki Mawlai Circle. Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, who was registered at Mawlai Police Station, was found to have been arrested.
This means that we all have to take responsibility for this life and death.
The leaders of the seven countries will meet in Hiroshima to discuss the attack on Ukraine by Russia this year. two.
The engineer in charge of the construction of the Legislative Assembly at Mawdiang-diang, who was responsible for the collapse of the statue last year, was arrested. These rich people who have accumulated enough wealth in the past three years don't care about us anymore.
The Sordar said that even when the traffic jam is forced, the residents of the village complain to him and therefore, what Bah Kongwang wants is that these foreigners, when they leave, are to recognize and respect the village authorities and the authorities of the Raid.
The venue of the program will be at the SSA Conference Hall (Polo Shillong) on ​​29th and 30th October
On the other hand, the CEM said that the action of the management may be right, but the management of MCCL should get the approval of the stakeholders such as Mawmluh Elaka and Hima Sohra.
There will be a cash prize, trophy and certificate.
He said in his heart that as long as he lives, he will continue to fight to avoid being accused of being unkind and overpaying himself.
The truck (MN 04 A 9866) was seized by the Assam Police when it arrived at Jerobat. 4.5 crore and weighs about 660 grams packed in 60 bags of soap.
The Central Government has recently approved the Amendment to the Sixth Schedule and this will help the council to manage the budget, but it still needs leaders who work hard to deliver development works to the people, he said. to Ma Moonlight Pariat.
Customs have seized these drugs from two drug traffickers from Killing last night.
Of course the Jews believed these laws but many of them did not.
It may be recalled that in the past years, the leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People West Khasi Hills through the Agricultural Cell, have urged the government to create the mechanisms to improve the quality of education. This is the high school in the district, so that the youth can get training.
Nongpoh, Naitung 26: A 40-year-old man has died after being suddenly electrocuted by a 40-year-old man. electricity sign on the road from Umden to Umshaken village in Ri Bhoi district.
Ukrainian bomb police were also seen rushing to the scene to extinguish the unexploded bomb.
Shillong: The Woodland Hospital in Dhanketi has donated blood to a patient from Ri-Bhoi district who has been admitted to the hospital for a long time.
He also blessed the unit for conducting such a constructive program and it has been of great benefit to the people of this village, that instead of going to get medicine from the doctors. Ranikor and Mawkyrwat CHCs have now been taken from the village.
Nongpoh: The incident which happened on Sunday, after parts of the Dwarksuid Bridge, collapsed and no longer allowed heavy vehicles to pass through the bridge, raised the question. Now it is necessary for those heavy vehicles carrying goods and foodstuffs to pass through that bridge.
Regarding the closure of foreign shops, the HYC leader in Ri Bhoi, said that this is only the first step, because from now on the HYC will continue to close down foreign shops. and if those who oppose are found, the party itself will not be punished.
Although Bah Lasky admitted that the MDC election in JHADC will be between the UDP and NPP, it is understood that the two parties will work together again to form a new EC in JHADC after the election. The two parties are still working together in the state government.
The Minister of Social Welfare as the Chief Guest spoke on the need for the right hand and left hand of the women in the fight against drugs, to participate in awareness and de -addiction program.
Listen over here! God does not want to send anyone to hell.
“He said that in the past few years, the water has turned dirty, but we have investigated and found that it is due to the flooding of the cow's milk from the Veterinary Department. , so when we talked to the director of veterinary and he promised to take action since then there has never been such a flood.
“We haven't named them yet, we are just saying that there is a lot of corruption in Meghalaya...why should we prove it when we haven't named them,” he said.
The number of cases of COVID-19 in Mizoram has risen to
In the photograph, Purushottam Sharma was seen shooting and beating his wife, while her husband was still alive.
The President of the Circle, Bah Wishes Siangshai welcomed the leaders and members of the Circle and the Environment Secretary JNC-CEC, Bah Nini Sungoh also welcomed the guests.
Especially now that the garbage from all over Shillong has come, it will flow more and more to fill the Umkhrah River.
"I am very happy to be here again," said Messi, adding that it was a great honor to win the World Cup title and fulfill a dream.
Therefore, to fulfill any need, one must invest time and dedicate oneself without any distraction.
“The Council through the Trade Department will issue a Show Cause Notice to these shops not to respond to the license and if they do not respond we will send a notice to close them. “Closure Notice,” said EM Trade Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said that the failure of the Synod School to operate in the last 50 years is no longer a journey but a long journey to reach the goal. this school is growing day by day.
The elders of the Hima said that the Bill is an illegal, unconstitutional Bill which the people do not know and has taken away the power of the people but has empowered only a few people.
Speaking at the meeting, Modi said that while in Shillong he always remembers that the people of Meghalaya have a lot of talent, rich culture, beauty of nature and beauty of music. because this place is also fond of football.
According to them, they came to Shillong from Barpeta, Mongoldoi, Assam and they have just arrived. They came about 5 jur, which means 5 households or more.
The festival will also be an opportunity for many youths of Ri-Bhoi to take part in various competitions organized by UTD in collaboration with the youths of Umsning area. The people especially the youth will be able to enjoy themselves with the understanding that they should not cause any disturbance.
However, until now, no Government has listened to their grievances.
Speaking to reporters, CLP leader Dr Mukul Sangma said the government should take action on what they said today. shi litter which costs T.100/- tyngka, has now increased beyond that price, this is the case for other commodities as well.
India is currently ranked fourth in terms of income growth and has the potential to reach third rank soon.
On the other hand, the government authorities have rejected the decision and claim that the action is unlawful.
In the MUA-II government, there are 18 Parliamentary Secretaries appointed in 2013 after the elections.
Then, in March 2011, a villager who was found guilty, applied for assistance from the district council; but so far the judge has done nothing.
Shillong, March 19: The date of the election has not yet been announced. Pass Book in Mawkynrew Constituency.
Bah Sohtun is survived by his wife and four children.
At present, a 14.2 kilogram LPG cylinder costs T.1103 in New Delhi.
The traffic police who arrived at the scene immediately telephoned the ambulances to take them to hospital, some of whom were in critical condition especially the elderly.
Therefore, it is also her wish to see that the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021, should be repealed.
Regarding the appointment of 441 teachers from Garo and 87 teachers from Jaintia who have been approved by the Administrator , the Director said that this process is ongoing and will take longer as the documents have to be reviewed of these teachers.
However, they hope that this election will be peaceful in order to bring peace and order in the village.
I am ashamed, and I am very sorry for myself, to go to religious leaders or counselors to enlighten and guide me to meet and meet Jesus.
These vendors said that for the months of April and June, they have already received all, but it is surprising that for the month of June, they have received only half.
The investigation by the Ministry of Minority Affairs has found that 830 schools have stolen T.144.83 billion from these schools. crore, in the last five years.
Bitaris Marbaniang (31:54:32) and Starina Jasain (32:33:05) were the top runners in the women's category.
In the 56th minute, Janario Phawa scored the first goal for Wahïajer. He scored the other goal in the 88th minute.
Earlier, the KHADC had requested the political parties not to call a curfew on the days scheduled for the festival. The protest will be held on these two days so that the people of Hynniewtrep can take part in this big festival which is prepared to showcase the traditional values ​​and cultures of the people.
He said he was happy to see the hard work and role of the teachers.
In front of Nongstoiñ Market, a public meeting was held where the leaders of Sur ki Nong West, expressed their concern over the spread of crime, violence and especially the growth of drug dealers and users. .
It was this Pope who revised Julius Caesar's Almanac with a new calendar, known as the Gregorian Calendar, from
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Tomorrow, 29th November, KHNAM will swear in its candidates for the mid-term elections that they will not leave the party as others have done as soon as they win the elections.
Speaking at a public meeting convened by the CoHSO at Students Square, Jaiaw, u Bah Paul said that if the Indian government does not listen to the voice of the people of the state, they will go and tied the door to the United Nations Organization (UNO) to make it a global issue.
Sometimes we get so busy with these things that we forget the One we’re supposed to celebrate.
Speaking at the UDP General Assembly, Paul Lyngdoh said that in the past 45 years, Meghalaya has been ruled by a party headquartered in Delhi and this shows that the land owners The villagers are not yet allowed to rule and if this is the case there is no point in getting their own state.
Jowai, Naitung 30: The number of house robberies in Jowai town has increased from day to day where many houses and shops have been robbed even in the morning.
From Rambrai-Jyrngam, the contest will be between Congress candidate Kimfa Marbaniang and HDPDP candidate World Champion Paliar.
“The NPP led by the MDA Government and the BJP should answer to the people of Meghalaya on the increase in unemployment among the youth of Meghalaya.
“Maybe Dr Don has received information, it is better to ask him,” said Bah Shibun.
“We have talked about the issues of the jaitbynriew but they don't listen. They just want to turn anyone to the right or left just to strengthen the seat, for whom are we here,” said Bah Adelbert.
The Meghalaya Fit Program was also launched on the same day; program that the government has introduced to promote sports.
Remember, 'If we oppress the weak, we will defeat the strong.
Like the Dorbar Shnongs, the Dorbar Khynnah of Mawlatbah Village has renewed its office bearers on Tuesday (4th November 2023).
To ensure that drugs can be eradicated from the state, the government needs to work together with the people and for that the government needs to gain the trust of the people.
Shillong: MeECL employees under the banner of the MeECL Progressive Workers Union (MePWU) today launched a three-day strike by holding flags at their workplace. length.
The state government has not received a reply from Delhi.
Speaking at the launch, Arijeet Talapatra, CEO, TRANSSION India, said, “TCNO Mobile is now the fourth largest smartphone manufacturer in the sub-10k segment. segment according to the Counterpoint Market Share Report, June 2022.
We have also tried to focus on grassroots sports with 200 projects worth up to Rs 500 crore.
The population of the village in 1972 was still small and most of the area was still covered with forest.
“The Prime Minister has already met with the Union Minister to request for the release of the state but we are still waiting for a reply,” said the new Minister of Education, Rakkam. The Sangma.
The union also informed Modi that the allegation by the Dima Sa Student Union that coal mining pollutes the water and rivers is wrong as there have never been any wells and rivers polluted by the coal mining. coal to this day.
“I have sent a letter to the Director of NEIGRIHMS to ask for a report so that I can understand better what happened,” she said. At the same time I promise this grieving family that I will investigate and ask what happened.
But if the seed be of the seed, it shall be given to the male.
The Congress leaders said that many of the people who attended the meeting just to say goodbye to Bah Kendong because he wanted the NPP led MDA government which has punished the people. , and which is also the government which Bah kynsing has already criticized.
What shall we eat at this time? The theme of this year's Youth Sunday invites us to sing.
No organization has expressed its concern when young children sing, dance and drive in drunkenness.
The Dorbar Shnong of Riwiang together with the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Thursday went to close down the silver factory in Riwiang.
On the other hand, Madankynsaw SC beat Yakrehlang SC Nangbah by 25/15 and 25/17 points respectively.
Mawkyrwat, November 15: Supporters from other parties at the General Meeting of the UDP Ranikor Zonal Unit held at Ranikor Village today evening joined together to support the UDP candidate Ranikor Constituency, u by Pius Marwain.
Shillong: The United Democratic Alliance (UNDA) led by Bah Titostrawell Chyne today held a special session in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The United Democratic Forum (UDF) has announced that it will hold a meeting with the United Democratic Forum.
As educated citizens, we should also ask ourselves the question.
Six of the seven candidates who attended the meeting were Carnes Sohshang of the Indian National Congress (INC), Sounder Strong Cajee of the All Meghalaya Trinamool Congress Party (AMTCP), Dr. Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar of the United Democratic Party (UDP), H. Stalyne Diengdoh of the National People's Party (NPP), Banpynskhemlang Wahlang of the Independent (IND) or independent candidate and Bity Jyrwa of the Bharat Janata Party. Party (BJP) (sent by its follower to explain the issues and objectives of the party) and the meeting was conducted by the Minister of Mawlangwir, Bah NS Wanniang with a welcome speech. M.Marweiñ, Executive Director of Mawlangwir Women's Association.
He said that it was only in the media that those opposition MLAs did not attend the meeting yesterday which was attended by the AICC chairman. Ronie V Lyngdoh, Kennedy C Khyriem, Ngaitlang Dhar, Winnerson Momin, Clement Marak, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Comingone Ymbon and Zenith Sangma.
Therefore, one should not misunderstand or mislead others who lack knowledge.
Replying to this, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the Parliamentary Affairs Department, said, “In fact, on the day we held the BAC meeting, we had already discussed with all the parties. members and we have set aside five days for the meeting".
Rehman asked for information on Indians who have renounced their citizenship and information provided by the government shows that the United States (US) is the place where most of the In 2020, there were 30,828 Indians, while in 2021, there were 78,284 Indians.
These two Hima Khasi States have their own Village Acts.
According to legend, the Hynniewtrep came from the east or east, and on the way there were 16 migrates.
From the sun, moon, stars etc. it is only the earth that has life.
:The Khasi song “Tang iaphi” has been released on the 20th June
Sohblei Fr Richard Majaw said that the procession should bring to the hearts of the faith in Jesus Christ and especially those who have strayed from Jesus.
“The people have witnessed that I have raised the need to correct the shortcomings in the reservation policy but no one has listened and very few people have supported but now all the people have witnessed that I have done something wrong. it is done with feeling and knowledge,” said Bah Adelbert.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone Tynsong said that his visit to the meeting was to confirm the glorious victory of Ransom Sutnga.
CPI(M) State Secretary Prakash Viplav said that men in a two-wheeler rushed to the scene and shot him seven times.
Nongpoh: It is very sad and painful to hear the problems faced by the children who attend school at the SSA School at Khliehumwang village in Block-2 area of ​​Ri Bhoi district. Until today, they have not been able to go to school, because there is no suitable house for them to live in, after the school building of the school, has been destroyed by the Assam police in u last year.
Let us also look at those who sell on the street.
Dozens of Catholics have been stabbed to death in the Philippines today to mark Good Friday, the day of the death of Jesus Christ.
On this occasion, the meeting was conducted by Samla Promeeyo Khongjirem, and the office bearers of the party were also confirmed.
Speaking at the meeting, these leaders said that they came to support Bah Metbah Lyngdoh because they are grateful to the MLA of Mairang for his efforts to create a new district. The people of Mairang Constituency have been working hard for the development of Mairang Constituency.
“We request your authorities to punish us according to the rules,” he said.
“The HNLC has renounced many of these and not to commit any illegal acts, as a sign of respect to the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya.
Members of the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA), NEHUSU, KSU as well as students and staff of NEHUTA, NEHUTA President Prof. Lakhon Kma said that before the teachers took this decision to strike, they had already urged the VC to convene an emergency meeting of the Academic Council. The VC has rejected the request of the members of the Academic Council.
Just as there are Khasi today who name their children English (perhaps because of the work of Christianity), so there are Khasi in the past who name their children Dkhar (perhaps because of the work of Hinduism).
The event was filled with songs, dances by the members of BAM-JH and the performance of the winners of the Mr. Ironman Amateur Championship 2023, Amos Dkhar who won 4th place Denim Jeans. Model, Sawakani Lakiang won the 3rd place Women's Fitness and Punioladmiki Pala won the Over All Men's Physique of the 2023 Mr. Ironman Amateur Championship.
We have been involved in the MDA for the past three years.
In another match between Rymbai Wahshnong and Khliehriat West YWSC, Rymbai Wahshnong drew 1-1
There is no need to give a syrnod to the lade.
Mumbai, Nailar 28: Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) leader Lalu Prasad today suffered from blood vessel disease and it took more than six hours to recover. According to information received from the Asian Heart Institute, Lalu has been treated for 3mm of blood clots. in your blood vessels.
Ms. Pasqualina, Associate of the project, while talking about the variety of foods, said that this shows that the farmers have understood the importance of eating healthy foods which we can only get from the sources. house that prah.
“There are 4.50 lakh members of SHGs in the state in the last four years.
EG War, Organizing and Publicity Secretary MUPSTA Central Body, said that the protest was to express their dissatisfaction with the government's ignorance of the demands to increase the deficit of all the 844 teachers. Adhoc Upper Primary School in Meghalaya.
Furthermore, the inclusion of workplace-related projects within the training provides understanding and fills the gaps between training experiences and workplace behaviours.
“We as the union are surprised how those BSF who should be on duty but how this person can enter parts of India where the distance is more than 20 KM from the border and if it is the Khasi The BSF immediately shot dead,” he said.
“It does not affect offices, schools, colleges, vehicles can pass, especially private vehicles,” said Ma Balius. peace of mind of the State.
The impact is not limited to today, but the coming decades will also be challenging and challenging times.
“NIOS has made mistakes, teachers have been affected and have to pay fees” where are the rights of teachers whom we call the shapers of our children and the country as a whole, asked MSSASA. They also met with Dr Chandra Bhushan Sharma Chairman of NIOS on November 13, 2016 at the headquarters of NIOS in Noida, where he promised to correct all these errors but until now it has remained unchanged.
When investing in these sectors and making decisions, it’s important to include women, children and adolescents.
In this regard, there is a shortage of voters in each constituency by tens of percent and the Election Commission has introduced many issues and rules to explain and encourage the people to participate fully in the elections. Mission 300 – My Vote, My Valentine program to raise awareness on the shortage of voters especially in the state. The turnout was less than 87 percent.
The HYC would also like to thank the woman from Chiehruphi village, Sunamon Chadong who was willing to donate 2 byrni of rice.
Ferdynald Kharkamni, has been accused of assaulting the OC and Head Constable of Umiam Police Station on the 15th of this month. and they brought an accusation against him.
'It is thus that 'once again they win the forests, Once again they shake the forests'
Everyone is invited to take part in the cleanliness drive on that day.
The Working President of the MPCC also rejected the NPP's allegation that the Congress has used false Christian leaders to attack the BJP-backed NPP. The hills are no longer stupid but they have seen what happened in Manipur, as well as in India.
Nongrum said that the people who were affected by the 6 hour traffic jam from 6 pm to 12 pm include those who went to the funeral home, some who went to the funeral home. Some of them left early in the morning from all over the Sohra area to attend the Seminar of the Catholic Church held at St. Paul, Upper Shillong on the subject of becoming a priest. also those who have no time to celebrate Idd.
Answering a question on his intention to retire, the Governor said he has no intention of entering politics or contesting elections.
Violation of traffic rules is seen as one of the main problems in the city causing traffic jam.
Pope John Paul III visited India in
B.Blah BDO, Thadlaskeñ Block who was the chief guest at this meeting urged the women who attended this training to take advantage of this training and do many things that have been taught to them to improve. in their economy.
The aim of the camp is to eradicate rabies from street animals.
Alan West Kharkongor said that there is also a plan to turn the area into a Waste Park where a Waste Museum, a Syntiew Garden and a Jhur Garden will be used. “Waste to Art space” where artists from Sohra and other places will be allowed to exhibit some of the items that have been thrown away into special exhibitions that even tourists can come and see. .
If this purchase is for military use we will not sell them,” said Yasutoshi Nishimura.
He said that in the past five years he has heard with his own ears that the people are complaining that the discrimination is very severe.
“Your MLA has misled you by saying that we will lose 80 per cent even in the districts.
These vacancies are urgently needed and the candidates will have to start their work,” said the Vice Chancellor.
However, it may be recalled that a few days ago, the Rangbah Shnongs in a letter to the media urged the Rangbah Shnongs to act without hesitation on the powers they have received from the Rules 2015 through their document. .
Shillong, Naitung 27: The construction of the Legislative Wing of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) at a cost of T.4 crore has been suspended by the new Executive Committee (EC) led by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit. it was found that the construction of the office building was unstable.
Shillong: Young police candidates today, 30th November 2022, took to the streets again to inform the government that the results of the MLP Police Force since 2019 have not been released. claim.
The first-day COVID-19 vaccination drive across the country has been going smoothly.
The law changes every day.
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor said that farming without the use of fertilizers should also encourage the farmers and the farmers should not use too much fertilizers.
During the three days, the trained children also took part in the cleaning of Ïalong Park to Madan Lariang along with trekking and many other programmes.
The team's targets this time are Rynjang Creek, Sngad Umnoh and Ram Khur.
“When I went to the Imaging Machine, I found that the thyrnia didn't have anything to do with it but it didn't have anything to do with it.
This morning, U Deb, said that there are 11 cases of Covid-19 in the state.
The Interior Ministry said 1,037 people were killed and 672 seriously injured.
We still need more four lane and double lane roads in the state to improve traffic and economic development.
Bah George and Bah Mayral are good followers of Mukul and Ampareen.
He expressed his regret that the people in power in KHADC are involved in many kinds of illegal activities.
WATER CONSUMPTION. When there is no change in the weather, the blood is severely affected by the sudden change in the weather.
Meanwhile, Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Shangpliang has criticized the shooting of a Bhutanese truck driver by the PSO of the Minister, even though his truck was traveling with proper documents.
Four MDCs from ARPA to PDF including PT Sawkmie, James Sylliang, Grace Mary Kharpuri and Hadrian Lyngdoh have been elected EMs.
The state government will receive 8792.18 metric tonnes of rice and 1483.85 metric tonnes of wheat while the AAY will receive 448.53 metric tonnes of rice per month.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongthliew Circle, President Bah Meaning Pathaw, today met with the Superintendent Engineer, PWD (R) Eastern Circle. Regarding the deterioration of the Mawmaram-Nongthliew-Mawlyndep-Umsaw Roads, the residents of Mawmaram-Nongthliew-Mawlyndep-Umsaw Roads have complained about the deterioration of the road. worth walking this road.
You will also receive water through the Jal Jeewan Mission.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 02: As one of the objectives to encourage the farmers of the state to cultivate organic crops and also to bring in the market for their products, the farmers of Meghalaya has left for Manipur to take part in the Agro Horticulture Expo which started on 27th June and ended on 30th June. in the state of Manipur.
There is no longer a way to divide the words according to the allegations because there are no such things as good health, health, rice, wheat, barley, trees, paidknup paidtrap; There are those related to the part of the first language in the next language such as tangon u lymban, banat ka patu, food and drink, colour, agriculture, literature, travel , the sleep, the household, the ksing, the dhah, the khongpong khongdeh, the clothes, the planting, the rijied, the fields, the roads, the siej, the shken, the arti arjat, the khnam ryntieh, the the stieh, the star, the heart, the calling of the wer; and there are those who are like water, fire, darkness, light, day and night, storm, heat, cold, walking, standing, lightning, sunshine, lightning. loop.
Speaking as the chief guest, Sumit Roy congratulated and praised the organizers who have been willing to take this step to promote sports in the area and congratulated all the clubs who came to take part and At the same time, he also praised Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA of the area and the people.
Dozens of doctors in government hospitals in Delhi today expressed their support for the strike by their colleagues in Kolkata and vowed to strengthen the They will protest if Mamata Banerjee does not agree to strengthen the security police in hospitals.
The Bharatiya Nagarik Suraksha Sanhita Act repeals nine provisions of the Criminal Procedure Code, amends 160 provisions of the Code and introduces nine new provisions.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Sein Raij Tuber on the 23rd of this month has taken a strong decision to raise the flag in front of the office of the DC Jowai, as a sign of protest against the decision of the Deputy. The Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, has decided to give a holiday to the children of the Sein Raij Tuber on the 24th of this month, as it is the day of their Behdein khlam.
It was at this time that the Speaker, Thomas A Sangma, also came to take over from the Symbud Speaker to conduct the dorbar.
`At some point, they will come more’.
Commemorating the death anniversary of PA Sangma, former Speaker of the Lok Sabha from Meghalaya, at a meeting convened by the University of Science and Technology (USTM) on 4th October, Mooshahary said: that Late PA Sangma was the face of the Northeast, a leading politician and a man who worked hard for his own job.
It is learned that the Phukan fell while the children of the boat ran to the other side to reach the ryngkew while the two men were caught in the boat which overturned.
Former Mawlai MLA SD Khongwir has introduced a bill in the Assembly to ban the demand for land sale commission, but the scientists are not allowed to violate the law without permission.
" Then I explained the meaning of 'lyngngam' and 'diko'
“We will see after the 16th in KHADC” As it is now, it has been seen that the seat of the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem has been filled by the UDP party which has six MDCs. The PDF group did not like the working methods of Bah Pynshngaiñ and there was a shaking of his seat.
The people of the village showed the picture to the Father, who also believed that it was a miracle and he said, “They are happy” with the picture.
Four teachers who are also leaders of their union took part in the meeting.
Out of the 60 constituencies, the last constituency is Rambrai-Jyrngam.
The court will hold another hearing on November 19,
The order also directed the Excise Department to implement the government's rules as part of the curb the crowding inside or outside the shops.
Irish pop singer Ronan Keating will take part in the Cherry Blossom Festival to be held in the State in November.
“I went to meet the Rangbah Shnong face to face, but he told me that even if you have the necessary documents, you will not get the land,” said Aniyan.
He also hoped that this visit to the composting center will help to open the minds of those present.
Health of the blood vessels : This water is good and beneficial for the blood vessels.
In 1970, the number of illegal tourists in India reached 280,821 and foreign earnings increased to Rs 40.60 crore.
Shillong, Nailur 5: The KSU Ranikor Circle has warned the MeECL electricity department not to fulfill its promises to install a new transformer in Phodkroh village, otherwise it will take another transformer. the road is narrow.
“Can we ask that the police are qualified to work only in the jobs they are willing to do? If they are skilled in all the areas where they are assigned to work, I cannot understand why the illegal coal trucks are not being tracked down?” asked Dr Celestine.
The deceased were residents of Kong Surong's house.
He said that the search operation against such vehicles especially small vehicles including two wheelers will continue and severe punishment will be given to those found violating the law.
Other leaders who attended the function included TMC Coordinator Safford N Sangma, former MLA Noverfield R Marak and former MDA Rupert M Sangma from Tura.
There, the fight between Sonia and Irani lasted for about 2 to 3 minutes.
The beast told the woman that the garment covered with his blood would become a source of love that had the power to stir up love and deceive anyone who wore it.
The UDP leader said that as usual, the party MLAs are already candidates from that constituency but they have to follow the rules of the state election committee.
Speaking on the lack of private health centers which have low fees and difficulties for drug addicts to pay, the Minister said the government will work with private health centers and various civil society organizations to bring about protection measures for those who use drugs.
“I am happy that we have been able to remember my father through such programmes,” she said of the Sainborlang Banjop Welfare Association which organized the festival.
On the other hand, Congress officials who learned of Rahul Gandhi's visit have expressed their regret over the absence of a public meeting in Shillong when the people could come and listen for themselves. Speech by the President of the Congress Party.
EGH, which needed only 57 runs to win, managed to finish quickly for the loss of four wickets.
“We will rule our own state,” he said.
Replying to the Privilege Motion by Zenith M Sangma MLA, the Chief Minister said that this is due to the fire of NTPC this month. October 2021.
To save his wife, Rehman tried to extinguish the fire and in this struggle, he sustained injuries.
On Tuesday, the service will begin with a Holy Mass at 1:00 pm and after the Mass, Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala will be buried.
“These are the words of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, a few months before the elections when he welcomed a group of UDP leaders and supporters from Mawlai who joined the NPP. .A few months later on June 27, the people gave their answer.
It is worth mentioning here that there are many villages in the area which are ruled by the Nepali community because of the large number of people who have been there for thousands of years.
After a discussion which lasted for several hours, it was unanimously decided to form the Executive Committee of the group and elected the office bearers of the women wing and youth wing to carry out the work.
When tourists visit these places and if there is no one to take care and explain and accompany the tourists they feel empty.
The Group is also pleased to point out that the strength of the ADCs does not depend on the number of people but on the hard work of those who are elected how they will work to protect the Jaidbynriew.
To remind us, that incident on Them Metor has been forgotten.
The strength of the storm was reported to be 14,000 liters per second and the speed of the water rose high into the air during the storm this morning, the report said.
There was also a ceremony to honor Kong Kmon Wahlang and Slanding Wahlang who have won in agriculture, marathon races who have won in various categories to bring fame to the state and also to the Kur. .
“I congratulate Sonia Gandhi and I will never forget her visit when I was imprisoned by the BJP on charges of being a criminal but her trust in me to lead the party and the “I have supported the party supporters from all over the country who have supported me and the party in the state,” he added.
Regarding the teachers, it was also felt that they should take more responsibility in how to teach the children so that they will learn to respect the elderly and especially in avoiding them and the staff. churches of different religions and churches which have a special and important role in building up human life in spiritual matters, should remember that along with religious preaching it is necessary to develop people morally so that to improve society morality in order to improve society.
In a statement to the media, VPP Spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh said, “We demand that the Government authorities should not take human life against the human rights law without following the rules of law. .
In her speech, the Minister urged the citizens of the state to come forward for this important task to ensure that the initiatives of Ayushman Bhav and Sewa Pakhwada will reach everyone. households and villages in the state.
This was announced by Kenny Mukhim, Secretary of the party.
On the other hand, the employees of JHADC have been given a little relief after the Executive Committee has released their salaries until June this year.
Two Myanmar nationals have been arrested in Mizoram for the seizure of Crystal Methamphetamine in two days. klur, has warned the law enforcement agencies to strengthen the enforcement mechanisms in the border areas.
He said the government has started to inspect and survey the areas to improve the road, where most of the people have had to live in the midst of traffic jam on the NH 6 due to landslides and traffic jams. when it rains or snows.
However, it was learned that in this incident, the KHADC has suspended its Forest Guard on the charge of misusing the money of T.16 lakh.
During the meeting, the Minister promised to take action.
According to the relatives , on the night of the 10th , Bah Koi was coming from his job and was about to return home but at 9 o'clock he went to meet him to a friend of his in Mawlai Nongpdeng near the Transformer for arranging to go fishing the next day.
Regarding the delay in salary, it was said that if it lasts more than 100 days, a penalty of 0.05 percent per day will be paid and this will be calculated from the salary of those employees who delay. you have paid for it.
At the same time, he urged all the garbage trucks and skum vehicles which pass through the round road every day to cover their vehicles so that the garbage will not fall off. and skum shall not fall in the streets.
“The Court has also terminated all the bail applications of Bah Adelbert and at the same time has dropped the charges against him in
Shillong: The Achik Literature Society (ASO) on Saturday decided to write to the state government to fight for the inclusion of the Garo language in the curriculum. Article 8 of the Constitution of India.
Even educational institutions existed.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Markus Marten, said that there are some areas that still fall under Raid Marwet in Meghalaya, but because of these areas, others have settled. non-Khasi people, was the main reason why the land within the Raid was transferred to Assam.
The selection of poor households was taken from the 2011 census where the scheme provides assistance of T.16 per cent to women.
In these days, almost all the rice fields have started to produce various varieties of jhur cultivated by the farmers and in a short time they have been able to harvest the jhur to sell back to the market.
The Fire Department has seen a decrease of more than 5% in the past 10 years and the number of incidents affected by wildfires has decreased by more than 58%.
This increase in private sector participation will lead to an increase in India's contribution to the global economy”.
Dr. Ila Rynjah, Assistant Professor, Tata Institute of Social Science (TISS) Mumbai, completed her PhD in Clinical Psychology in 2016 from National Institute for Mental Health and Neuro Science (NIMHANS) Bengaluru. .
Dr Donkupar said the MP candidate should contest from the party's position as it is more convincing and acceptable to the people.
Mukul said the problem of the emergence of insurgents has been inherited since ancient times and is not just now.
He said that the opposition groups have left for Delhi in the past few days to meet with Congress President Sonia Gandhi to demand the change of leadership in the party. However, it was said that Sonia Gandhi had immediately sent Naraya Nasamy to rush to the state to fight as soon as possible before the fire broke out.
The Man of the Match was won by Galaxy player Milancy Khongstia and the award was presented by Bah PB Sylliang, Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ribhoi.
The leaders of the youth of Lumshnong village said that they will not allow anyone to destroy the environment and the water supply in the village.
Debate : The meaning of tyrko-tyrko is to express a debate between two cases.
Susan and Hrithik were born on November 20, 2000, during the success of her film Kahona Pyar Hai.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sngama today distributed checks to NGOs from Self Help Groups (SHGs) and various Societies in Laskeiñ area. 15 pieces in total.
As usual, the government doesn't stay the same but they get promoted.
As Secretary of the Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society, he also said that the Tamsa Amur Falcon, which is one of the most attractive festivals for tourists, has been held for three years. They have not been able to hold the festival for many years due to the lack of roads and the lack of attention of the government to assist in the holding of the festival.
As of June 2023, the Government has approved 45 projects under the PRASAD (Pilgrimage Rejuvenation and Spiritual Augmentation Drive) worth T 1584.42 crore. part of the preservation of India's rich heritage.
The union expressed its surprise that all the PHCs in the area have ambulances but the CHC Sohra does not have ambulances.
From that time on, I started to fall in love with the BJP,” said Bah Antonio.
After a while, the child prayed for water and was able to breathe again but she did not know anyone.
He also urged other young men and women to come forward to be trained in many types of training specially reserved for them.
Dialogue is the way: From the beginning and during the tenure of President Bah Panbor Tariang, the KSU has laid the foundation that dialogue and discussion is the way.
In a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Hailakandi, Lalthlangliana, he said that the incident happened at Aitlang, on the land of Pu LaIngaisanga, where he was working on the road. However, Assam police rushed to the scene and broke the door of the JCB and took away the key of the JCB from the driver, Pu Lalnarammawia.
Hek said that all districts and blocks have been directed to hold this celebration across the state with the awareness of the people to maintain the population as it is now and not to increase it. more.
Shillong, March 10: Purity Phawa, one of the leaders of the JAC, has strongly criticized the government's decision to postpone the closing ceremony of the Cherry Blossom Festival on Sunday. You are God.
"No one can take away my husband and even war cannot take him away," Olena said, adding that Zelensky was a a great inspiration to the world, through his leadership and fierce struggle against Russia.
The UCC has nothing but to distinguish between different religions,” said Bah Sayeed.
On the other hand, Dr.C Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to this young man for opening this pharmacy with the support of his parents and hopes that this pharmacy will provide services to the people of the village. area in relation to the needs of the people.
He said that after this group, Ian Campbell, Olympian will give a detailed report on each of the youths who have completed the four tests.
“Police who cannot enforce the law to do their job properly will be punished,” he said.
He said these words “Peace with God the Creator, Peace with all of creation” which means peace with the Creator and Saviour, it is also peace with the earth.
Meanwhile, the Meteorological Department has warned that rainfall will continue in the state till June 7, 2022, with heavy to heavy rainfall expected in these that day.
He said that one of the greatest deeds that PA Sangma has done is to produce educated children and there is no allegation of corruption in the family. your family.
This will also be one of the most beautiful films starring and starring Hollywood actors.
I was elected to fight for the benefit of future generations," he added.
There are also daughters who write the mother's clan and sons the father's clan.
other rightful citizens of the state shall not be harassed without cause.
Along with this system of counting, there is also the system of beliefs of the Khasi which has been adapted to the way of life from time to time or every day.
Another is the tip kur tip kha which is related to the rule of law, such as the election of ministers, the election of chiefs and others.
We can ask why this related issue – Reservation Policy and Roster System – is so important at this time.
With courage and fearlessness, in order to rescue her brother who was still sleeping in bed, this girl entered the house with a burning fire and burnt down the house. The Central Government will proudly encourage her by awarding her with the President of the United States of America for her bravery. The Dorbar Shnong Pahamrioh under the leadership of Bah K.Suting as the Rangbah Shnong, also paid tribute to this young woman before she left home to receive the award at the Pahamrioh Dorbar Shnong. Delhi, which will be distributed on the occasion of the Republic Day.
No, brothers and sisters, we have no intention of speaking abusively or contemptuously of you.
Today, Kong Kurbah explained that it will be seen within 10 days how much the border crossing will help to reduce traffic jam.
The meeting said that this kind of criticism has created communal tension between the Khasi and Garo, which as the people of the area we cannot accept at all.
The meeting of MDCs organized by the North East Dialogue Forum (NEDF) will conclude on Friday.
Shillong, July 18: U BJP Leader and Tura MDC Bernard Marak on Monday alleged that Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma has used the YESS scheme to strengthen the NPP. “In Garo Hills, the rightful youth have been deprived of the YESS scheme. The 1,00,000/- which should have been given to the youth under the YESS scheme to empower the youth has been distributed to the NPP youth,” he said. Bernard said in a statement that the NPP youths were sent to set up clubs where the government authorities helped them to register them on Saturday and sent them to open accounts at the rural bank where they will be sent. The amount of money is 1,00,0
Modi, who stayed at the temple, said he wanted to promote tourism, protect the environment and beautify the area around the temple.
Shillong: The outbreak of lumpy skin disease (LSD) across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills, has caused people to drink milk these days.
The Festival will feature many programs to showcase the traditional culture of the Riwar area from the dress code, the food and drink and especially the richness of the area in terms of jyrmie bridges. or thigh bridges.
According to the youth, he left home on July 21, 2021 and since then, he has been riding a bicycle and has been driving almost all the vehicles. Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Goa, Gujarat, Daman Deep, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Assam , Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Meghalaya.
He said the government has set a target of creating up to 5 lakh jobs in various sectors and assured that the government will work with Don Bosco Technical School on the road to achieve this target.
The total cost of the project was T.2143 crore and MePGCL cost T.9.68 crore.
Furthermore, a workshop on the basics of Neo-Natal Resuscitation Program (NRP)- First Golden Minute (FGM) was held on the 10th of this month, 2021 at Nazareth Hospital Shillong. .
Throughout the day, the residents of the area, told the MLA, about the problems they have faced, as it is far from Nongpoh, Under and Byrnihat. Sunapur, Assam.
The KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit has also expressed its deep sorrow over the incident.
Perhaps we have made mistakes somewhere in society and as time goes by we don't hesitate to correct them.
There was also talk that the North East is one of the areas where there is a lot of electricity generation capacity, which can be exported to other parts of India, even abroad. also the same.
The award ceremony was part of the honoring of doctors and ASHAs working in various hospitals of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Henry Manar was the chief guest at the ceremony in the presence of Dr. Vice President CEC Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Incharge of Jaintia Hills District Rockerster Warjri, Yodahunki Shylla and Tohmondiam Mukhim President and General Secretary HYC War Jaintia Circle and others.
In fact, as we become more intelligent and developed, we should become more righteous and more God-fearing.
There are images taken from satellites of Australia, China and France, showing that some of these objects have fallen underwater, the minister of transport said. Malaysian Prime Minister Hishammuddin Hussein told reporters today.
According to sources, the collision occurred between a Maruti 800 (ML05-K-0723) and a Grand Vitara (ML10-E-2007).
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing to track down the suspects.
Nongstoiñ, June 24: Regarding the circulation of a video on social media of a child being broken in Nongstoiñ on Friday morning, the West Khasi Hills Police Station has clarified that the incident happened at Upper New Nongstoin. Block 2, at 5 pm, when a woman with mental illness left her child in front of the house of Miloda Nongsiej.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Session Judge, Shillong, on Tuesday sentenced Rajesh Rabha, alias Raphel Rabha, to imprisonment for 10 years. A fine of T.10,000 and if he fails to pay the photograph, he will be imprisoned for more than one year for the murder of Vijon Rabha.
“It's the encouragement of the owners,” said Bah Shanbor with a laugh. “That's it too.
On behalf of the citizens who have responsibility for the entire state of Meghalaya, we give our full support to the Awaken India Movement (AIM) which plans to hold a march in 24th November 2021 in Shillong and also across India.
These villages are: Nongjri, Dhapor, Lumkinjang, Umkait, Mawshut, Pyndenkirit, Lawdap, Mawdonglang, Nongthymmai, Nongthymmai, Japung, Mawkhorm, Nongriangken, Mawkyllon, Pormawlein, Langdongdai, Mawguru, Lumkynjang, Porlasan, Mawsmai. , Madanjira, Rathaw, Santapor and Poriu.
The cyclone, which was strong, has struck parts of Bara and Parsa districts of Nepal.
The youths, carrying flags of “Indian Army lovers”, set fire to a railway station on Bhabhua Road in Bihar.
Such people have the intention of intimidating the people by finding ways and means to destroy the love of the people for the VPP. There are government officials in the state who are not strong enough, who do not understand and who do not have the power.
Regarding the death of u Rangbah, the Minister urged the people not to panic that there is another outbreak of COVID-19, as the government together with the health facilities themselves will try to control this disease so that it does not spread as much as in previous years.
During the search operation, police have searched their hideout and arrested two persons including Jar I Dkhar (31), Deibormi Dhar (18) from They are located at Rymbai Road, East Jaintia Hills District.
The thesis completed by Ms. Amanda was on the topic of 'History and Development of Free School System' under the supervision of Dr. Dinesh Baishya.
The HANM Central Body on the 15th of this month formed its new branch – Narpuh Circle at a meeting held at Umstaiñ, East Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, HITO has warned that the nation should not be taken advantage of by making money for itself without thinking about the welfare of the country and the nation.
The final will be played on the 27th June 2022 at 4:00 pm at the MFA Stadium, Tird Ground, Polo, Shillong.
The presence of the gender determiner which is the same as the English articles the, a, an and an is unique in the Khasi language.
Seven United have eight points, Riangdo have six points and have played three games, while Seven United have four games.
This can create problems when deciding who to give a ticket to contest and who to seat first.
It should be checked according to the needs.
God flooded the world with a flood because of sin, except for 8 (Phra) people.
When asked what would happen if the UDP candidate does not arrive, Dr Donkupar said, “We hope for the best”.
“I have also met with TMC supporters in some constituencies and they have expressed their support for me because their leaders have not said where they will support.
Even in the morning we can hear the explosion of dynamite to destroy the rocks in the area.
The HYC strongly demands that the police chief and others involved in this attack be punished.
In 1950, Karunanidhi became a well-known film storyteller and thus started his career in filmmaking and it was through filmmaking with the DMK that led him to rise. shajrong in the world.
A team of Assam Police together with members of the CRPF seized the drugs after conducting a joint raid, he said.
They were also supported by civil society groups including JSU, JSM and HITO as well as drivers passing through this road.
Shillong, July 10: St. Paul's Higher Secondary School, Marbisu, Shillong, for the first time, has become the top school in the HSSLC examination. The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) on Thursday.
Referring to the Hima, the CEM said that the EC wants to see that all the Hima should have full heads, but those who are under the case do not have to wait for the decision. of the courthouse.
Cash prizes are also available for the winners.
It is to be recalled that the election of Dolloi in Nartiang Elaka was held after the death of former Doloi (L) Don Dkhar in 2016 and Acting Doloi (L) R Symblai in
She urged the children as well as parents and the community to include Yoga in their daily lives so that they can avoid mental and other stress.
Regarding the arrangement of villages and land in the Langpih sector, it will be very difficult for Meghalaya to get all the land as it is, because the two Assam will not give anything to Meghalaya even in Kamphaduli, Hakumari, Gohalgona, Undiengphiang, Umthli and Doledonga. if it be not until the end of this judgment, it shall be established for ever.
The Minister said that the media is one of the employees who serve the people and said that if the HNLC does not have confidence in the media, it is impossible to explain what kind of media they are.
“During the Covid-19 pandemic, when political parties were away from the people, it was Modi who stood first with the people and gave them free food and tika”.
Due to the increasing population and number of villages, Lyngdoh said it is time for the Sordars and Riew Rangbah of 71 villages to remind the Executive Dorbar of The Myrïaw Hima, on one of the issues which he had raised in the past years, that it is necessary that these 70 villages should be in one Hima, even if they are in the Rambrai Hima. It doesn't matter if you're in the kingdom of Myrïw.
It can be said that it has been completed.
The Minister also informed that many works have been implemented under the ECRP-II which are still ongoing.
Krem Myrsiang SC beat Moolamylliang SC at 12:15 pm and Mulait Bri-Sutnga SC beat Kseh SC at 2 pm.
According to videos released by Russians, a strong and strong smoke was seen rising from the airport in the west of Russia. There was a sound of gunfire in that place.
On the other hand, the NPP Candidate for Sohiong, Bah Samlin Malngiang, said, “The explanation of the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah in Sohiong, is that the UDP has not joined but has joined. because the people don't want this party anymore.
A team of doctors led by Raghuram Kondala, head of the gastroenterologist department at the Continental Hospital, conducted an endoscopic examination of the area. a piece of bone from this child.
He who has the wisdom, the strength, and the firm foundation, works hard to plant a rishot for five years.
On the end of his trial, he was brought before Special Court Judge MK Nagpal at Rouse Avenue Courts.
Of these four houses, one was the most damaged, in which all the belongings were destroyed, but the other three houses still have belongings which could be recovered with the help of the people. .
Finally, he said that the three organizations in one voice, have decided to come forward and put forward their opposition to the festival and at the same time these three organizations under the banner of JAC, They also decided to meet with the DC of Ri Bhoi and Meghalaya government officials to ban and not to issue any NOC to hold the festival again.
Furthermore, if you go to pump water from a suitable place, the distance is two to three kilometers and the cost of purchasing equipment is lakhs of rupees and it cannot be done unless the government implements it.
Customize:In the Khasi Christian Family, the father is the head of the family and rules over him (Gen. 3:16; Esther 1:22; 1 Cor. 11:3; Eph. 5:23; Col. 3:18; Pet 3:1; 1 Pet 3:6).6.
Jowai, Nailur 26: The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Tuesday opened the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament The match will be played at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, East Jowai.
MePDCL CSO Nangkiew K Syiem has been appointed as Assistant Inspector General of Police (R) and Darwin M Sangma has been appointed as the new SP of West Khasi Hills District.
We have the Planning and Finance Department to do the work,” he said.
Fortunately, the owner of the shop, who was sleeping inside the shop, escaped from injury or a tragic incident.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that the Council will have to seek detailed information from the banks to find out whose account the money has entered and whose account it has been. He said that if it is found that it is wrong, he will hand over to the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action against those involved.
Some of them who sold the soh and collected the money themselves were punished without punishment.
To avoid conflict after the election, those who have been appointed should be removed.
Faith is not a weakness or a limitation, but it is the courage and determination to stand, to fight and to fight against the injustice and corruption of the world.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: Police have arrested the owner of a YouTube channel called “7Trep TV” which posted a photograph of Bah BB Makdoh Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District. In one of the videos posted on the channel, police have arrested the owner of the channel and also one of the victims. a friend is not involved.
He got up from his seat and looked out the window and saw three men with disguised faces entering the ground floor.
Prestone said the decision to randomly test the residents of Byrnihat and Khanapara in Ribhoi District is to ensure that the spread of Covid-1 sted in the state of Meghalaya.
The State team lost to Pondicherry by 131 runs in the BCCI Women's U-19 One Day Trophy on Tuesday in Surat.
On the other hand, Dr. DRL Nonglait said that it is up to the Central Government to see whether it is possible to introduce two languages ​​from the State especially as Meghalaya is a small State. , and also because other States have also made similar demands.
Besides the Minister, senior officials of MeECL including WMS Pariat, Chairman of MSERC, Bah EW Nongrum, Director Power Generation of MeECL, Bah PS Thangkhiew, CMD of MeECL, Bah CMD of NEEPCO and others.
Not only because it is currently experiencing war, but because Ukraine is still a small country and therefore needs to join hands with other smaller countries to fight against to whatever troubles come in their way.
He said it would affect the party if the MLAs leave and the party has been able to nominate a candidate from Umsning while from Mylliem although the party is working well but they have not yet decided to nominate a candidate.
Children who score less than 30 percent mean that they have failed and have not reached the target.
Residents of Shymplong and neighboring villages said that if they need to go to Khliehriat and Umkiang they have to walk from a hanging bridge on the Lukha River. They said that since the collapse of the bridge, no vehicles have been able to travel to the border villages including Huroi, Hingaria. , Lahalein, Lejri and other villages.
At Golflink, John Barla and Sambit Patra began their speeches by paying tribute to the statue of Maria Theisotti and thanking the elderly who took part in the meeting.
There are no hospitals, no schools, no colleges.
Shillong: On the 26th of this month, the Sohryngkham Unit of TULBA, in the presence of members of the TULBA Central Body, Rangkitboklang Tallang, Odycious Shullai, Splendourrein Sawkmie and Green Hill Higher Secondary School in collaboration with Green Hill Higher Secondary School has organized a program on the topic “The harms and consequences of the use of alcoholic beverages”. drugs, alcohol, marijuana and others (Substance Abuse).
In the middle of the match, they couldn't score a goal which led to the referee to score the tie-breaker.
Shillong, Lber 31: Three teachers of the KJDSTA will attend the International Teachers Conference to be held in Dublin, Ireland.
K Sangma said that the State Zoo should have been opened on 15th July 2023 but this has not happened yet and the Government has not been able to open the State Zoo.
They sent a letter of resignation to the Acting President of the HSPDP Central Body.
In the final match of the tournament, HUCC won the toss and elected Moodymmai to tied for 207 runs. Bishar Lamare scored 207 runs. Moodymmai scored 57 runs off 40 balls and took five wickets.
Those who provide information should not be accused of being wrong as it may lead to the loss of complete information.
The time has come to think about our roots.
“I don't know how this demand will be, but the Khasi and Garo will not be divided at all,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. they are no longer new".
It is worth mentioning that the order which was issued in July 2008 by the Central Government came into force in Shillong only a few years ago. Perhaps the people have not respected this order, which may also be due to the failure of the department to take action on this issue and now the order of the central government has been revived once again.
The cause of the incident is unknown but it is suspected that it may have been a power outage.
The statement said that SR Sen's statement should divide India by religion and is also an insult to Parliament and the independence of the judiciary. that this thought of yours will stir up the people of the East.
He said what the Executive Committee needs is to set a time limit for the completion of the arrangement of the constituencies so that the affected villages or people can submit letters to the Council.
The meeting was chaired by Bah KS Suchiang President in the presence of Bah Phanuel Tongper, Vice President, Bah Sanatomba Bamon General Secretary.
Pynursla, July 26: “The Civil Sub Division will be a New Year's gift 2017,” said Prestone Tynsong, Minister of State, while speaking at a meeting in Pynursla, organized by the Samla Seng Khasi Riwar Mihngi. which was held, yesterday here.
The school building has been rebuilt with the funds of the Special Rural Work Program (SRWP) 2022-2
Registration for this competition will be accepted until the 30th of this month.
Other parking lots to be maintained and managed by the police are Parking No. 6 and Parking No. 7, located at Syrpo Lower Primary School, Parking No. 8, located at the property of Bah Forgive. Dkhar, Parking No. 9 is at Diphu Nongtdu and Lumjingtep Road, Parking No. 10 is at Green Hill School, Parking No. 11 is at VIP Parking, Parking No. 12 is at Mission Football Ground, Parking No. 13, is located at Madan Pohshnong and Parking No. 24 is located at Holy Trinity School.
As part of the celebration, they also held a drawing competition and extempore competitions for the school children where prizes were awarded to the winners.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Adelbert announced that after his promise to the Seng Samla Mawkhar that he will do something good for the village, The government department has allocated more than T.1 lakh as part of the assistance scheme to the village.
“The BJP and Congress have deceived the ethnic parties and are playing politics for their own benefit,” he said.
I will avoid going to friends and places I don’t need to in order to avoid getting sick.
All these cheetahs were monitored day and night by a team that was responsible for this.
Of these three types of stone, the most expensive is Mawiong or Maw Kashar which costs 1600 per trailer.
As the days went by, Rida counted the days, months and months.
Bah Shadap said the land dispute arose after Doloi Khamly Sariang signed a new agreement with Maitdein Village without the approval of the Barato Dorbar Shnong.
“This is the first time that the EC in KHADC has conducted a raid on the illegal trafficking of foreigners,” said KSU President Bah Daniel Khyriem after the opening of the KHADC meeting. this is Tuesday.
The MFA has already opened the application process for the Shillong zone earlier and has received many applications.
“I want to assure the various traders and shopkeepers that the district authorities, the police and the Government as a whole, will support and ensure that such illegal activities and activities “The demand for money will not happen again until it has caused the price of beverages to rise and affect the people,” he said.
The question is whether the Government has already provided district hospitals, CHCs, PHCs and even dispensaries for covid patients? At present, everyone comes to Shillong for treatment.
“FOCUS is a scheme of the MDA government and has been brought together by all those involved in it. It should not be used as an election campaign to benefit anyone or any party because it is a scheme of the MDA government. the people,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
Nongpoh: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, through the Nongpoh Police Station Traffic Branch, on Tuesday conducted a search operation against two wheeler drivers on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District. they found a lot of two-wheeler riders, who did not respect the rules of driving.
He said that he has not yet prepared well although it is time to march and stand because he said, “I don't understand why there are still these protests. he began to die.
The word 'kyn' is not added to any verb or to any word that has no meaning or no meaning to form another new word, such as kynriah, kynran, kynta, smile, smile, woman, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, smile, and so on.
Meanwhile, the Prime Minister and other Ministers of the MDA Government will be honored by the miners in Nongstoin this month.
Seng Bhalang is only a friend... Byrngem only in the newspapers or social media... While the Dkhars come with their own hands... Khun thamThey should be killed.
Because as it is, as the number of biscuits produced increases, the price of biscuits decreases every day and until the month of April, the price decreases even to two tyngka per kilo.
The investigation by the District Judge is ongoing.
They are usually planted about two and a half feet apart on each other.
This method of farming has greatly benefited the health of the people who eat jhur.
