The total number of cases has risen to 1,427 today, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 8,0
These words of condolence, which were heard from the people, came on the day that Dasakhiatbha Lamare, laid the foundation stone at Umsiang village, and through that day, the voice of the people, was received. , who revealed that they were still waiting for him.
" Both turned to the voice.
After the support of these two MDCs, the CEM, while talking to media, said that the KHDF, which is the group led by the NPP and Congress for three months, has urgently convened. The meeting was held to welcome these two MDCs before the dorbar tlang.
The meeting was attended by RV Lyngdoh, MLA, Nihim D. Shira, MLA, Witting Mawsor, MLA, officers and Addl.
Standing in front of offices or shops people should not have a little thought but if you write or say anything how many drivers will not read the newspaper if you write until the whole world does not benefit but if On the other hand, the law should be a little stricter maybe it will help that children should not be allowed to drive too much and if they act too rudely they will be punished more and also on the part of the public should also inform the authorities. If you find that the vehicles are immoral and on the other hand, if the Seng or Association of Vehicles provides training or awareness, it will help a lot. good to miat only.
The following matches will be played in the pre quarter final:.
Shillong, November 29: The UDP leaders have not slept well yet and are still working on how to bring in a new Executive Committee in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The party has now reached its majority and there are still several MDCs who are still talking to ensure that a new EC will be formed in the new year.
“We are ensuring that the CBSE should include the histories of this region at least next year.
Tomorrow's match is very important and Langsning are confident after playing against Kolkata in the last match.
PC nearby.
One of the famous filmmakers of Assam, Jatin Bora also took part in the meeting.
He said that after a meeting within the UDP yesterday, they have decided to release Bah Rymbui from the Ministry of Home Affairs, but as the Chief Minister of the state, he will have to consider first. on this decision.
If the words spoken by any member are insulting, indecent or contrary to the sanctity of the Legislative Assembly, the Legislative Assembly may decide not to report such words. disgrace the assembly.
Prestone said that under the Bill there are many provisions including the formation of MDC parties, the increase in the number of MDCs, the establishment of a Finance Commission and others.
On the 8th, Shangpung Lumiawmushai will play against Mynthong at 1:30 pm.
The Director promised to inspect the condition of the building in the coming days and promised to send the PWD to hand over the building to the DERT for implementation. On the other hand, the KSU has also inspected the residential school building in the same village but as of now this building is still abandoned. and it is the source of the money of the people.
After the meeting with the SDO, Roykupar Synrem said that the SDO has promised to hold a meeting on the 11th of July with the village headmen, traders and the HYC to discuss how to prevent foreigners from entering the country. They shall not be allowed to enter the Sohra Civil Sub-Division.
In the past few years, the film Goodwill Hunting has won Oscars Awards and at the same time other films starring together have also been awarded. beautiful and well run and also attracted spectators.
Pawaan Kumar Asst. Vice President Commercial Department in his speech said that blood donation is very important and it is a way to help those who are in need of blood.
Rahul Gandhi, MP to the Lok Sabha from Wayanad, Kerala, on Thursday was sworn in as MP a day after the Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) Surat ruled against him. Nirav Modi, Lalit Modi, Narendra Modi.
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony of the Indoor Cricket Training Ground on Tuesday, Hek said he had met with the President of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI). Rojer Binny and Secretary Jay Shah said that Meghalaya should no longer bring in foreign players, but should produce players from within the state.
The pass percentage of students in different districts is: East Khasi Hills – 75.05%, West Khasi Hills – 65.34%, Eastern West Khasi Hills – 71.50%, South West Khasi Hills – 64.10%, Ri-Bhoi – , West Jaintia Hills–77.51%, East Jaintia Hills–82.36%, East Garo Hills–39.31%, West Garo Hills–41.10%, South Garo Hills–31.63%, North Garo Hills–36.33% and South West Garo Hills–26.45 %
The Governor has suggested to the government to set up a Delimitation Commission,” said an official of the District Council Affairs Department of the state government, who did not want to be named.
Jowai, June 28: The Jaintia Hills District Council (HITO) today visited the JIO office in Jowai to demand to improve the JIO network throughout Jaintia Hills.
The first youth tournament of the Seng Khasi Seiñraij (Sengkhihlang) which was held on 04/04/2021 at the Seng Khasi Mawbseiñ Ribhoi Pyllun ended with a lot of joy and hundreds of people came to participate.
After Sachin's loss of wicket, Bihar continued to score runs, with Sakibul Gani scoring 43 runs to reach 119 runs. to Saurabh.
Nongstoiñ, March 9: The Supreme Court has filed a petition filed by the government teachers who were dismissed under the MDA government in the past years. Babu Dominik Lyngkhoi, one of the teachers who was involved in the incident, said:
The Congress party is listening to the needs of the women of Meghalaya to have a source of income so that they can support themselves and their families,” said Bobbeeta.
The Seng also demanded from the Health Department of the State Government and the MLA of Mawshynrut Constituency, Bah Methodios Dkhar, to turn its attention to the PHC which has been serving dozens of villages. Shallang C&RD Block in Mawshynrut.
It is necessary to make changes in your diet and lifestyle to combat the rise in temperature.
In the second half, Chiangbo Marak scored 14 runs while Agatchu Chetai scored 3/8 runs.
Therefore, these two organizations have handed over to the authorities of the law to take the necessary action.
In the field of trade, education, employment or agriculture.
Smoke a cigarette.
These foods are not only easy but also good for physical and mental health, because they do not contain any MSG, or artificial colors, they are sweet, and they are sweet.
“Marriage should not be a secret but if you don't tell them they may be misled.
He said that as a party, the UDP has put forward this issue in its Manifesto or petition to invite all political parties to meet to discuss this issue. Invitation to discuss the Reservation Policy and I am confident that in the coming days the government will take action on this issue.
It can be witnessed that political parties and public leaders use the religion and wealth of politicians to win elections.
“We urge you to also consider the incident of the spread of COVID 19 and the lockdown which has suspended the recruitment and to sit for the examinations and to look after the needs of the police applicants, which has Many applicants have been banned from applying for vacant police posts in many police departments due to the age limit which has affected the applicants without any mistake, "The union has announced that through an advertisement (dated 6 March 2024) issued by the Office of the Inspector General of Police, Government of Meghalaya, 76 vacancies in the post of UB Sub Inspector, 720 vacancies in the post of Unarmed Branch Constable, 195 vacancies in the post of Fireman.
The seizure includes 1245 rounds of 7.62 MM and 271 rounds of 5.56 MM ammunition from Siksohara, Nalanda. (Bihar) in the last two years.
The Minister said that all the vendors should put one kriah and the goods to clean up the places to walk because some market dwellers put two kriah to two kriah and it has taken up a lot of space and crowded them. passengers.
Jesus has been in heaven since before Daniel was born.
The MLA, MDC and the village leaders visited the area after receiving information that there were people from the village. Shakhoikuna, who have committed hostility or polluted the area, which the villages of Byrnihat area, have used as a source of water.
“The Principal Secretary (RM Mishra) has already investigated into this, but I have not been able to open the file because I am still coming from work.
Operating and maintenance costs and electricity bills are increasing.
The EJNC has transferred the posts of Superintendent of Police (SP) of various districts including Vivekanand Singh, SP East Jaintia Hills District and appointed Deepak Kumar Palecha IPS as Superintendent of Police (SP) of various districts. New SP of East Jaintia Hills District.
He said there has never been a bloodless protest in history.
If this continues with private individuals who do not own the forest land and who allow contractors to cut down trees at a low price, then soon this large reservoir will collapse and will reach the time when we shall have no more water to drink.
Umiew Maw-u-Sam Village is very fortunate that under the leadership of the incumbent Sordar Shnong, Bah Berington Kharmujai, the road has been opened under the PMGSY scheme for the convenience of the commuters.
With these victories, Moosianglamare Old SWO and Moosianglamare New have reached the semi final.
Maharashtra won the toss and elected to bat first.
In this regard, the KSU Thyllaw Border Unit urges the people of Hima Dwara to support the KSU Thyllaw Border Unit to fight corruption and at the same time to demand that the Sirdar should be accountable to the people and to return all funds due to the Crown, or the party will act decisively.
“In fact, my request to the HNLC once again is to take seriously the matter, come forward, we are waiting for them and we will talk again.
The WJSU said that the movement of electricity lines from farmland and forests has caused a problem in the electricity supply in Dawki and surrounding villages, especially during the rainy season. electricity through the road for the convenience of employees and the department.
He said that although these foreigners are employees of the post office, they cannot come to work as letter distributors in the villages unless they get a No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the authorities. village.
This is happening now when 45 MLAs (out of 59) from different parties have joined hands with the NPP in the MDA government.
“The residents of this village suspected that those who constructed the road had foreseen the danger ahead.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Indian School of Business (ISB) in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday held a training for MLAs on how to develop policies. Policy at ISB together with the Meghalaya Institute of Governance which started on the 16th and will end on the 18th of November.
Exodus 19:1-4.
It was in this prison that the British Government used to arrest Tirot Singh, the king of the Nongkhlaw Hima, the hero of our nation.
They also urged the clubs like Nangbah Iawmusiang, Mosalyngkat, Sohmynting, Sabahmuswang, Mukhla Evergreen, Wahiajer, Luti Tuber Social Welfare, Demthring, Mookyndur, Khliehiongriang, Shangpung Moosyiem and Dulong to take action on this issue.
She also informed that the government has set a target to eradicate TB by 2025 and on this basis she appealed to all groups, community leaders, private individuals to have children or not to Help these TB patients so that the government can eradicate the disease as planned.
At present, the SELCO Foundation in collaboration with the State Governments of the North East, has been able to provide solar power to 1500 health centers including 489 health centres. in Meghalaya, 467 in Assam, 326 in Mizoram, 167 in Manipur and more than 50 health centers in Nagaland.
Shillong: U Bah Jambor War, EM Incharge of the Elaka in KHADC, on Tuesday said that after an investigation by the department, it has been found that the Assam government has forcibly occupied the land in Raid Marwet. to build a transit camp.
We also arrested two people.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday called for talks with 12 political parties like KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and others to carry out the work agreed earlier to implement the rules and regulations. to prevent the entry of mynder into the state.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: Every day, if you walk from Laitlyngkot and further up to Pomlum village, there are dozens of vehicles parked on the side of the road. many young men and women.
“On the other hand, Reddy has promised that as soon as Amit Shah comes, he will go and discuss these issues raised by the BJP Unit in Meghalaya,” he said.
Sources said that the robbers entered the house of these two men at the same time. There were dozens of people waiting for the news while only two people entered the house. .
I am here to remind you not as an MLA but as a citizen and this is not against anyone but against unknown persons and that the law will do its duty. .
Agriculture and related activities are the source of income for many people in the state.
Revelation 21:2
The Secretary of the Union, Bah Rq.Riquoma Laloo urged all the residents of the Union to join hands with the Union to bring about cleanliness in Jowai from home, streets, markets and the village. Therefore, the government should not spread garbage on the banks of the Myntdu River which is a river that provides drinking water to the residents of Jowai and gives hope to the farmers around it.
One of the drivers of the truck registration number AS 01 5623 was seriously injured and was rushed to Civil Hospital Shillong. level.
The President of BWWA spoke on the work that women can do for the betterment of the society and urged them to be brave to stand on their own feet.
On 18th July, 2022, the Secretary to the State Government of Education, Ambrose Ch.
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep Autonomous District Council (HITA) on Tuesday came to protest against the corruption in the Jaintia Hills District Council.
At least 350 goats were killed after a lightning strike in Dunda Block of Uttarkashi in an incident on Saturday night. Uttarakhand and farmers have faced difficulties from the weather.
The meeting was chaired by Chinese President Xi Jinping and called on all departments to work hard to improve the country's economy. trade and all aspects that can increase the income of the country in the short term.
Besides these Rangbah Shnong, the Village Authority, Bah H.S.
The man left his house at 7 pm to go to the fields and the time of his murder is unknown as no one has seen him since then. The family members of the deceased did not know anything, but what surprised them was that at 5:30 pm, they received information about the murder of the deceased.
Officers along with Government employees of the Raj Bhavan were present to celebrate the occasion.
I am pleased that the North East has led the way in making Vietnam a goal and shaping the Act East policy of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla who is also the Chairman of MUDA was the chief guest in the presence of FB Basan MCS PD DRDA, Dr B Plain SMM-LP, MSRLS, Officers from the District Agriculture, Veterinary, Fishery Departments, farmers from the District and others.
On the same occasion, the Chief Minister also awarded prizes to Hotel Heiga VNS, Hotel Center Point and Little Chef Café, Shillong for the winners of the competition held on 11th July, .
On the other hand, the union has threatened that if the company does not listen to the demands and if it does not fulfill its promise, the union will take another path.
Amlarem, Jan 30: The KSU War Circle has inspected the PHC at Pdengshakap Village under Amlarem Sub-Division.
Jowai, June 06: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 was held today. 1st of June at Kiang Nangbha Stadium, Jowai.
It cannot be denied that in recent years the Aadhaar number has caused many problems.
The strange thing is that that night Panah ka Rida tried to go into the bedroom with her husband (Kmie Rida); but the mother of Rida did not agree.
He said that the United Khasi Hills District Act 1960 stipulates that the land within the boundary of the Council should be established by the Town Committee.
Recognizing the need for the participation of the villages, the Government is also preparing to set up Village Health Councils, which will serve as platforms for dialogue between the villages and the health authorities. , to ensure that health decisions are in line with the needs and aspirations of the people.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The number of drug traffickers in Shillong has increased despite the opposition from many churches.
In the implementation of this project, the government has selected 25 rivers to set up these Hydromet Stations and out of these, 3 rivers in West Jaintia Hills District have been selected including the Myntdu River, Umiurem River and Myntang River. .
This happens in places where there is no signage.
Shillong, July 28 : The National People's Party (NPP) MP candidate Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) does not convene large meetings to sell party registration forms. rem for those who wish to join or support the party.
Therefore, people should trust the scientific evidence that there is no danger of EMF radiation from mobile towers.
This was revealed by the signing of the MOU with the Assam government.
The People’s Democratic Front (PDF) has urged the state government to set up a corona care center in every community and rural development block across the state for catering to COVID-19 patients.
Charles said that the officers of the Meghalaya government have no interference in the implementation of schemes while the Assam government has not allowed the schemes of the Meghalaya government to implement the land in Block I. implement the scheme.
The Regional Cancer Center has been set up at NEIGRIHMS and the focus is on providing treatment to cancer patients, she added.
The costume was designed by Karan Thokchom, Pabitra and Wibi Creations.
Furthermore, “Valentine's Day is not only for love between men and women, but for everyone who expresses and pours love into the relationship between them”.
The money you earn during elections cannot make you happy all your life.
The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District on July 23 has enforced Section 144 CrPC to ban vehicles from parking on the bridges from Lumshnong to Malidor.
Packages 2 and 4 have been started while the others have not been affected,” Verma said.
However, at that time an anti-Christ will appear to sign a Middle East Peace Treaty with Israel, by offering Israel to rebuild the Fourth Temple in Jerusalem.
“And if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain; ye are yet in your sins” 1 Corinthians 15:1
Shillong Lajong FC beat Riangdo YSCA 2-0 in the last match of Shillong Lajong FC on July 6th. Shillong Lajong FC scored the first goal of the match through Shano Tariang and Santijanai Shianglong but Riangdo YSCA tried hard to score but couldn't turn the tide until the end of the first half. team who are still the champions of the tournament until the end of the minute.
“There is no need to create a disturbed area in Garo Hills,” he said. “The declaration of Garo Hills as a disturbed area means that the area will fall under the unnecessary surveillance of the army. for now," he said.
The bomb blast was also held at the house of the son of Rangbah Nishan B Wahlang (Bam Kwai at the Dwar U Blei).
Shillong: U Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that as promised, the state government on 26th October has already released the funds. T60 crore for the two month salary of SSA teachers in the state.
Shillong: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has urged the NPP-led Meghalaya government to accept the demands of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). to come and talk peace with the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India.
We cannot say that the work of Saiñpyrthei has really changed in this beloved state.
W.A Sangma, DD Pugh, BB Lyngdoh, PA Sangma, Shri SC Marak, Dr. F. AKhonglam, Dr. DD Lapang, (L) JD Rymbai, (L) Dr. Donkupar Roy, Dr. Mukul Sangma, etc. don't encourage teachers to take part in politics.
The new worldview of the poet to bring and distribute the lights of the past, our ancestors, teaches us to preserve and maintain them from the language of the thylliej. , dress with dignity and manners, walk and stand, live righteously, work righteously and earn righteously, have a kind spirit and have a knowledge of others, especially to love and honor God.
There is also a place in Delhi for girls.
On the other hand, u Bah Nongtnger, today denied this allegation by saying that “there is no refusal to register the complaint and the incident has occurred between them. groups that have been involved in the complaint against the police station"
There was also a song by Catherine Pyngrope and a discussion on many issues that will bring back the power of the village.
KSU, HYC, FKJGP, HNYF Malki Youth Organization to support the demand of Sur Ki Nongi Mawlai on the 6th of November The rally was held in this village.
The KHADC and JHADC authorities should take action to strengthen these customs and traditions through laws.
The couple claimed that they had spent T.2.65 crore on their son since his birth and now they want to get back the money and then T.2.5 crore as compensation. face.
He said that they have accepted that the VPP was appointed by God, but the others were not appointed by God.
Jowai: The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Biswanath Somadder, today arrived in East Jaintia Hills to separate the relationship between the Judiciary and the Executive. /to District Sessions Judge.
Bond says that half of Jesus' disciples were women, but they were treated unfairly centuries ago.
Shillong, March 9: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has expressed its surprise that the Hima Mylliem and the District Council have not been able to remove the illegal dwellers from the market. to meet the long-standing demand of the market.
You can also send your videos via WhatsApp's
“I have seen that there is a strong opposition from the Mawbah village leaders to evict us, where we cannot say anything, it is the government's responsibility how to speak and manage this, but we too will I have to know what the government intends,” Gurjeet said.
They said they had acted in accordance with Section 10 (26) of the Income Tax Act, which allows members of the Scheduled Tribes of the Eastern Region.
In terms of the implementations introduced by the government, these children not only have the opportunity to study in schools, but they have also been provided with in terms of their daily needs, including Uniforms, books and lunches.
"After the news came out regarding the murder of Kong Lita Ryngkhlem from Wapung Shnong and the murderer Monkiru Shyrmang from Pamrapaithlu village, 29 years old, the Dorbar Shnong immediately sent a letter to the Dorbar Shnong. The Executive Body Meeting of Monkiru Chyrmang, who admitted to being from Pamrapaithlu, was held on Tuesday.
Urging us to continue the good work of working together as a team and to monitor the work from the bottom up, the Minister said that the authorities have their part and he believes that the goals of the Through programs such as CM Connect, Village Data Volunteers, DC Connect and Family ID Programs, they will be able to improve their performance.
Nongpoh, Nailar 17: Leaders of the Dorbar Ki Rangbah Shnong Ri Bhoi District (DRSRBD) today held a public meeting in Nongpoh. The Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of Ri Bhoi District should immediately remove the district heads.
NFNS President Prof. Munish Tamang, who arrived in Tura to address the Garoland State Demand Rally held on Saturday, said that the rally has taken the The decision to hold a two-day protest by the leaders of Khasi and Garo Hills to strengthen their demand.
However, the presence of these power lines and substations has also led to incidents of electrocution of humans and animals and the rapid increase in such incidents has increased over the years.
Speaking to media, Bah Hek, who is also a former Minister of State, said that everyone is now talking about many of the decisions taken at those high levels.
Education in our state and income has started to improve in some ways but many of the problems faced by parents and school children are still difficult. shisha to live and lead a new normal.
The opening ceremony was attended by Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, DMHO Ri Bhoi, Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary Nongpoh Town Committee. Mynsong, Rangbah Shnong, Michael Kharhunai, Village Secretary and others.
Phurba Lachenpa, who also won the Hero of the Match award, scored the only goal for Lajong.
“This has to be resolved and we will take action on the Village Administration Bill to examine it again but what is needed is the enactment of the customs and traditions of those Hima which have not yet done so,” he said.
The Constitution also enshrines the fundamental principles of justice, truth, equality, mutual respect and freedom.
He said that in 2014, the price of petrol was ` 71 per liter – now it has increased to ` 97 per liter while diesel has increased from ` 55 per liter to ` 86 per liter.
The protest was to protest against the government under the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Education RC Laloo and the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma.
The union also informs that in connection with the increase in the price of cement, the union cannot take responsibility for this. Pass because as it is now, it is too bad which can cause damage to trucks passing through at any time.
Meaning “Man can be killed exactly like two nianglartham in a bottle, one can kill the other without knowing that both will die”.
“However, what he said is that it is not only the problem of SSA teachers in Meghalaya but the whole country that SSA teachers have not received their five month salary and because it is the scheme of “90% of the salaries come from the central government from the state government so it is difficult for the state government to pay their salaries from its own budget,” he said.
The PHC will be constructed at a cost of nearly Rs 10 crore and will be a blessing to the residents not only of Thynroit but also of the surrounding villages which have increased in population with the passing of the days. years.
Shillong: Regarding the roster system, U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh, has expressed his desire to discuss the issue in the House today.
In 2016, it rose to 11,000 m.
Therefore, what God says will happen.
I am pleased to inform you that in the history of Jammu & Kashmir, it has been that there have been very few insurgents who have been operating until now.
Earlier, the Prime Minister said that an inquiry has been sent to the police into the allegations of involvement of politicians and insurgents.
The man is currently undergoing treatment for injuries to his neck.
Meanwhile, in the southern parts of the country, the authorities on Sunday announced precautionary measures due to the presence of storms that could arrive from parts of the country. the Arabian Sea to the borders of India and Pakistan.
He said the reason for the decision to appeal to the Lokayukta is after seeing in the media that it is ready to investigate the matter if there are complaints because according to the law the Lokayukta cannot accept it. to investigate without any complaint.
They also expelled BJP supporters from Diringga in Tura to renovate the MP Stadium even though the case is pending in the High Court.
Bah Gabriel urged the children that there is no end to education if we are good at reading.
no.9366077471.
If King Hezekiah surrendered to God and pleaded with God, God would deliver Judah and sent a plague on the Assyrians, and many of the Assyrian army died of the plague. .
The union also admitted that apart from the water tank which has not been installed in one school, no water supply has been witnessed.
The meeting was opened by the Speaker of the Lok Sabha Om Birla and a speech was also delivered by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi via online.
Speaking to reporters, Amanda said that her contest in the MDC election is not because she has sent a husband but because the people have elected her to contest.
From Tura, the victory could go back to Purno according to people's stories.
The Kongthei, who was filled with jealousy of Lano, began to investigate her relationship with Bah Deng.
The party also expressed the need to eliminate political sentiment in the District Councils, but to elect the people who have a stake in the Council, where the members, They shall be the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Wahadars and Dolloi of Hima/Elaka of Khasi & Jaintia Hills and their term of office shall be only once every two years, as elected by the 89 Himas. , which was recognized by the Governor of Assam, on 29th June
The VO has been able to set up 10 SHGs within it, to establish a group of women to stand on their own feet for self-employment and In the past 2 years, the Village Organization has done many good deeds and public services in the Village especially to uplift the women.
After the opening of these rooms, a meeting was held in the newly constructed Conference Room.
They are the ones who are able to 'earn righteousness until the sun goes down.
“Oh, you have come!” said Banisha. “Yes, we have come,” they said together. Then the mother and Peter came out to greet.
Prizes were also awarded to the youngest and oldest participants in both genders.
The tournament started on Saturday and will end in three months.
On the same day, five members of the State Sports Associations who have been elected to the National Federation were also honoured.
Mawlai scored the last goal through Kharsahnoh in the 81st minute.
If we talk about the corona virus, we will be fortunate that these two snar of the North East, will have a healthy body; but at the same time, they should also understand that this disease does not affect anyone and at this time, we see that many of the elderly have been admitted to hospital, that they have been admitted to hospital. The corona virus is not only that, but it is also an important topic to discuss, that if those who come from abroad, you die from their loved ones, whether it is a mother, a child, a wife or per household, for 28 days, so the same law should apply to all the residents, regardless of the prime minister or the people.
James said that while the state has been moving forward to implement 100 percent electricity supply to the residents, the opposition has been making unfounded allegations.
The fourth program is Green Meghalaya and this is part of the environmental conservation. He said that there are many forests in the state which are managed by the villages. protecting them for the future.
Expressing his strong opposition and condemnation to the actions of the Modi Government against their leader, Bah Lyngdoh said, “They are afraid, shocked by the support they have received from the people across the country. 'Bharat Jodo Yatra' in which we affirm that regardless of caste, religion or humanity, we are all Indians and this is the message we send.
The Hindu festival ended today with thousands of people including men and women baptizing and celebrating by baptizing the idols as a sign of their faith in the temple. that niam that hand.
He also mentioned the inability of the Prime Minister to improve the quality of health care and also the inability of the MDA government to improve education in the state.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah FM Dopth, as the Head of the District, led the cleaning of the markets and public places to preach for the sake of cleanliness in the villages.
The Palestinians claim that East Jerusalem is the capital of the Palestinians and strongly oppose Trump's recognition of it as the capital of Israel.
On the other hand, he said that the increasing number of part-time school dropouts among the youth is due to the lack of schools nearby, and many have to struggle to leave for Shillong.
Income growth should not affect the society and should go hand in hand with the development of the society,” said the statement. in the name of development they destroy the forests and pollute the drinking water sources.
“These people come to this beautiful place to spend their wealth and this brings income to our people,” said the Principal of JEC. Tuber-kmaishnong, Wanbha Phawa said, “I am proud that our Tuber area has beautiful places which can attract tourists from all over the world not only from abroad but also from abroad.
She demanded that the government should increase the salary of ASHA workers in the state along with other assistance measures to benefit the workers. they will not return to operations.
The students receive calls and WhatsApp messages from the PIO from two mobile phone numbers namely 8617321715 and 9622262167, the army said.
He urged the Executive Committee to take action so that the farmers can escape the threat.
He said that this should make the people aware that it is not only the shyiap workers who need this job, but it affects all those who have to use shyiap in the work of the shyiap. “Are we the only ones who need it?” said Khyriem.
These two houses belong to Bah Franky Marbaning with 6 households and Bah Precious Mawa with 9 households. , because the earthquake puts them at risk of staying there, because these houses can fall into the river.
According to reports, an estimated 129 billion face masks and 65 billion gloves are used every month.
In South Garo Hills, there are 12 nuts.
Muster Roll employees working in various government departments in East and West Jaintia Hills have not received their salaries for many months.
As an announcement that anyone who needs employees to work in any job can send to this Union we will help as much as we can to get employees for you.
“If we get a salary of T.160 per day, it will be about T.4800 per month and it will help us in this world,” she added.
Another union of teachers admitted that on the 20th June this year, a meeting of teachers was held at the Youth Hostel to discuss the issue of teachers in the state. KJDSTA also admitted that after approving the formation of JACATAM, APSTA has sent two of its leaders including SP Adhikari, Vice-President APSTA and Aniruddha Dutta. It was the President of SMC APSTA who agreed to form JACATAM with the suggestion to appoint Bah.
Like Assam, the youth are growing because they have adequate training facilities and modern training methods.
The bridge is located at Shymplong on the road from Sonapur to Borghat and connects the villages of Shymplong, Borsara, Lejri, Lahalein, Huroi and Hingaria with at least 7000 inhabitants.
On the other hand, the union said that many of the residents of Mawlai have not received their ration even though the FCI station is full of rice.
According to him, the remaining 115 schools will be proposed for repair in the coming month.
It will open the way for the recording of valuable information in one's own country, whether in documents or documentary films.
That real need does not exist among us Khasi.
So far, the death toll in the US has risen to 112,833 and the number of infections to 2,000,4
They urged the Prime Minister Narendra Modi via whatsapp to take immediate action to resolve the delay in the release of the NIOS results. to release the salaries of SSA teachers who have completed and are undergoing training for the D.EL.ED program 2014-1
It was only through the early arrival of the fire brigade from Mawkyrwat that the fire was extinguished before it spread to other nearby shops.
At the same time, Sanbor said that the Council should not delay within 45 days to issue trading license to foreigners who are citizens of the state after meeting all the requirements. To issue a License, the applicant has the right to open a shop because some of them have applied for 10 years but have not received it.
The CMC Nongkohlew and Don Bosco SS also expressed their gratitude to the MLA for this initiative for the safety and welfare of the students and the church as a whole.
What is PUBG LitePUBG Lite is a stripped down version of the main game and is aimed at low-end PCs with less RAM capacity and storage.
It was later identified that the body belonged to Shri Naresh Rajbongshi (31 years old).
Shillong, Naiwieng 06 : U BJP Leader and Minister of State, Bah AL Hek on Monday said that the BJP is confident of winning in Shillong as well as from the Tura Parliamentary seat in this election. MP who will be long shen.
The tournament lasted for 4 days (every Saturday) and ended yesterday at 3 pm with a short program before the start of the final.
Shillong: The road is a budlum in the rural and urban areas but as witnessed by Mawdulop village in Mawkynrew is one of the lagging behind and one of these is the lack of adequate road.
"Both injections and yoga and ayurveda exercises will strengthen the prevention of deaths from covid-19," Ramdev told reporters in Haridwar.
in).
Thus, many Khasi families are poor.
– Sin is not only in actions, but begins in thoughts (Mk 7:20-23; Mt 5:28, 15:19-20).
Other schools like Umsehkhlieng RCLPS and Mawnohsynrum Pres LPS have collected only T.4,59,724 and Mawnohsynrum has collected more than T.3,17,0 The people because the most important thing is how and how they can accomplish it.
Our agenda is to protest against Jemewell Pyrtuh (Dolloi) the Acting Waheh Shnong of Jarain and demand the immediate removal of Ami Tariang as the Acting Waheh Shnong of Jarain.
Therefore, regarding these shortcomings at the Infiltration Check Gate at Byrnihat, it is time for the government department to think about the needs of the staff at the Infiltration Check Gate at Byrnihat.
Before the handover ceremony, a short meeting was held by Denis Kurkalang.
In these days, we have seen members marching to the pond of the Ïingdorbar, carrying placards and violating the order of the Presiding Officer which is an unpleasant and unconstitutional act. public," he said.
We understand that the second phase of the border talks will be difficult because the areas are more numerous and surrounded by shrubs.
Shillong: The residents of Laitlyngkot Elaka, on Monday came forward to protest against the proposal to build a by-pass road from a new location, as this will destroy the residents of Laitlyngkot Elaka. Laitlyngkot village as happened in Umsning village, Ribhoi district.
“If Conrad has already opened it on November 16, 2022, why has it been shown that it is not ready for Narendra Modi's election campaign in two months,” Sinha said.
If Prestone says that there will be no change, it may be due to the joining of other MLAs from other political parties which can increase the number of MLAs in the NPP. There are 26 MLAs. One of the expected changes could be if the NPP wins the victory from Sohiong Constituency, through its candidate, Bah Samlin Malngiang, who is also a former MLA. and the election day will be held on the 10th of January.
Bihar has been hit by lightning and thunderstorms in the past two days.
The five include British businessman and researcher Hamish Harding, 58; Pakistani billionaire Shahzada Dawood, 48, and his 19-year-old son Suleman, both British citizens, oceanographers and Titanic experts Paul-Henri Nargeolet, 77, and Stockton Rush, chief executive of OceanGate.
Ma Phawa, it is understood, sustained injuries to his throat, parts of his body and neck and at the time of writing, he was undergoing medical examination at the Civil Hospital, Jowai. .
It is through this discussion that a decision will be taken to fill the shortage and remove the excess,” said Bah Kharkongor.
The deceased was taken to the crematorium and wood was prepared, but before her body was placed in the crematorium and set on fire, she woke up from death and screamed loudly. , in surprise, she was taken to the morgue.
He said that Assam has set up the police outpost without informing the village or district authorities, but it has come to build without authority and they have requested the district authorities and the government to demolish it completely. The Border Police Outlet of Assam has been arrested.
There are currently 55 people undergoing treatment for Covid-19 in Assam.
We must wait when the rain is cooler.
The incident happened at 8.15 pm inside Shillong District Jail after a clash between prisoners.
The Jowai Cultural Society has laid a wreath at the statue of U Kiang Nangbah in Mooliksoo.
Speaking to media, he said, “It is true that politicians or even MLAs try to move from one party to another just before the election.
Regarding the delay in the construction of the road from Laimer onwards, the Kur Kurkalang have admitted that this is their land and that the Government has not paid the rent to the Kur Kurkalang. On the other hand, Basan said that the appointment of Bah J Kurkalang is completely wrong because he has not accepted the Raid. Mylliem to come to the Raid Sanshnong is not appropriate and the place also has proper documents and not only that but Bah J Kurkalang has also lost his case in the High Court. After losing his case, he made a dulir from the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and now he claims to be the owner of the land and the Hima has done what is necessary. to immediately end the robbery and violence of J Kurkalang in this area.
The Federation of Khasi States, through Paiem Prester M Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, has submitted a Memorandum to the Prime Minister in June 2016 when he visited Shillong. get any answer.
Speaking to media, NEHU VC Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla rejected the demand of the JAC saying that there was no illegal appointment and the Executive Council of NEHU Rohit was appointed according to the rules.
“The persecution of the English continued to drive him away even when he came abroad until the last days of his life, but he did not surrender to them but only to the power of God,” said the President. .
Through this initiative by the MLA of Mawhati to improve the road, it was seen that it has brought great comfort to the people who attended the Synod Rangbah Service, which was held by the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod. Every Tyrso.
However, at that time, the state police came to raid the house and opened fire on the three youths on suspicion of being members of the NSCN-IM. Relatives and friends of Balajied Dkhar were also present at the wreath laying ceremony.
“Think about it, they will pay our fare and salary after many months and the price they pay is too low. “That's why we don't want to go to the city,” said some of the drivers.
Even the people will take to the streets to protest.
On the allegation by the police that the teachers have violated Section 144, by turning to the Secretariat, u Bah Birbor said, “With respect to the district authorities, we have protested immediately, because We have been teachers for six months now and on the 16th we obeyed the district authorities and stopped the peaceful march to the Assembly”.
Bindo, who is also the Working President of the UDP, today accused HDR Lyngdoh of not knowing anything about the Sixth Scheduled.
Gur is a fruit called 'raw sugar'
“Because we are speaking against corruption, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that if Bah Ardent can prove that I am corrupt, I am ready to resign.
On the occasion, the party leaders including Chief President KP Pangniang, Secretary Panborlang Ryntathiang, Methodius Dkhar MLA Mawshynrut, Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait President of the Women Wing, U Martle Mukhim MDC Mawkynrew, Bah Diostar Jyndiang Ex MLA, volunteers who took part in the Hill State demand and those who have been arrested, party leaders from the zones of the constituency, Raidmynsaw elders, The Sordars of the area, the women of Langpih, teachers and students of Raidmynsaw Upper & Secondary School and the public attended the ceremony.
The city traffic police have received a tip that some commercial vehicles have refused to pick up passengers at Khyndai Lad and if they come to Khyndai Lad, they charge more than the fare.
Basaiawmoit criticized the speech of the Prime Minister on 27th October, in which the Prime Minister asked the Members of Parliament to fight against the court order on the implementation of the roster system.
Shillong, Naitung 10 : The State Government through the Ministry of Education has announced that it will soon fill the posts of more than 1200 teachers in Government Lower Primary Schools or LP Schools within the next two months. come.
He said that the government will breed them and distribute them to the cooperative groups and they will distribute these pigs to the people to breed more pigs in order to improve the pig farming industry in the state. .
The program was conducted by Mr. Chetri who is also the Addl.SP of the district. Village Cum Chairman VDPs.
Eleaser said he does not want the tourist destination to become a mass tourism destination but a sustainable tourism destination where tourists cannot do whatever they want like other tourist destinations. and said that they have now also prepared rules for visitors to the area.
Marak, who is a former MCS and MPS, said the Reservation Roster and the making of Tura as the capital during the rainy season is the right of the people of Garo Hills.
Kyrmen Shylla also donated badminton equipment to the President of the Badminton Association, Joshua Sajem.
“As leaders, we should not only love the nation in feeling but we should do it in deed, because many people misuse the word nationalism without doing anything which will lead to the decline of the nation. “I love the nation and we must give full service,” he said.
However, at the same time, he said that the case against Michael was filed in Assam after he was complained to by a person who went to the Assam police.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sumar Lyngdoh, President of HANM Ri Bhoi District, said that the reason why the HANM has urged the district authorities in Ri Bhoi District, is after the It is learned that there are people from Meghalaya and Assam, who continue to enter from one state to another on their business.
Speaking as the chief guest, I.Laloo, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat, expressed her gratitude to all those who participated in the Mawkyrwat Ultra Marathon Shngimawleiñ village won for the second time.
For ye have condemned and killed the just; and he shall not rise up against you... ye have laid up treasure in the last days.
Iatyllilang SC beat Mawpdang SC by 10 goals in the first leg of the match which started at 2 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium. Iatyllibor Mynsong scored the first goal in the 30th minute of the first half to give Iatyllilang SC the lead.
Assam Police from West Karbi Anglong on the 16th of this month arrested 3 robbers (including 2 employees of the Deputy Commissioner's office) from Tinsukia. The reason for their involvement in collecting money illegally from some of the residents of the area with the promise of providing government services.
Jowai: The Dorbar Shnong Saphai has decided to set certain rules in connection with the 2023 MLA elections.
And the 1,000-year reign of Jesus Christ will begin.
Many wanted to buy as Simon had done.
In the second match, Khliehriat West FC beat Lumputhoi SC 3-1. Jasmine Tlang scored two goals in the 4th and 10th minutes while Silgrak Pala Rishan Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Lumputhoi in the 17th minute.
When the leaders met with the DM&HO Nongstoiñ, she said that the sanctioning of various posts is pending the decision of the state government through the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. The union requests the state government through the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to take the necessary action to register and allocate the vacancies for MCH. to hand over or authorize to the authorities in charge of the MCH in Nongstoiñ, that the Maternity and Child Care Hospital should not be handed over or sent to any group lest it interfere in the working methods.
The MLA said that his office is open every day to assist the residents, such as those who need money or those who need a vehicle, without having to pay any money.
The statement said that the Chief Minister of the state, Bhupesh Baghel, has congratulated the Defense Forces.
In many villages, the Sangot has been closed down because of the announcements that come in dozens of days.
On the other hand, the BJP Meghalaya chief Nalin Kohli has admitted that the BJP will win many MLAs this time. “The Congress has run away from the people of Meghalaya because of corruption, but it is trying to create division,” Kohli said.
Cummins, who returned home to Sydney after Australia's defeat in the second Test, has been suffering from a mother's illness.
However, I would like to say that it is not only us who have suffered from this tragedy but especially in this Bri Hynniewtrep.
He said that when he decided to resign from the Congress party, the Congress MDCs had decided that the reason for their resignation was to form the EC led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. The Party shall be in their free will.
He said the government is looking into the benefits and disadvantages of the request received from the Catholic Schools Association (CSA) to allow them to continue using the textbooks. middle.
They also decided to protest by calling on the MLAs and MDCs to support the Longkmie who have stood up to protest against the purchase of land by the Assam Rifle.
Every five years, the citizens of the state look forward to the day to vote, because it is the day when the people are free and free to exercise their rights. to choose the leaders whom he wants.
The total number of candidates for HSSLC Science was 3662 including 1364 females and 1447 males.
In the last 50 years and five times of production of this vehicle, the Toyota Hilux has brought the best driving experience and this has made those people who use this vehicle to stay with the vehicle. this vehicle for daily commutes, even if they have use for business commuting or family outings.
This has led these people to demand more and disregard the power of the Government.
Assam has been selected as a Cluster Leader globally under the seventh SDG by the International Association of Universities.
This has been witnessed by the residents of Mawlaingut area of ​​Sohiong constituency, East Khasi Hills. .
It was also witnessed that an ambulance stopped for more than 10 minutes on the way to Woodland Hospital. The two wheelers were damaged by these people while the police became mere spectators due to the lack of patrolling police.
On the part of the Church, it urges the people to be vigilant against such misleading beliefs.
“Venugopal said the party will fulfill all the promises it made to the people during the election campaign.
Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.
Heaven here on earth is not merely an impossible idea, but it is buildable and possible.
He expressed his happiness to take over the post of Minister so that he can serve better the constituency as well as the state.
He made a big decision that in a few weeks he would reveal something to her.
When there was freedom in economic activities, this was somewhat achieved.
According to the police chief, the shooting was no longer just 10 or 10 bullets as police have recovered more than 5 bullets scattered on the ground and stuck in the doorway of the house. .
The earthquake occurred suddenly at 10:30 am this morning and damaged several vehicles parked inside the road but fortunately no one was injured. .
Sanbor said he will meet Hek face to face to discuss the issue and so that the party MLAs can talk to the party leaders for the election. Dr Fenela as the party's candidate for the upcoming MP elections.
“If this government does not repeal this Act, then the people will continue to protest against it.
When those who had promised to follow Jesus realized that it was very difficult to follow and that they should not turn away, two requests arose (1) Lord, let me go before I bury my dead. the Father.
Meghalaya will have to leave the state today for their next match against Sikkim from November 1 at Rangpo Stadium.
I understand that the management of the Government of Meghalaya has improved and can do better in the coming days.
Conrad Sangma was accompanied by Power Minister Abu Taher Mondal and officials of MeECL.
Only the system of self-government is in our blood, such as the Dorbar Shnong, Hima Syiem and others that used to exist in the past.
In both the finals, Iairy S. Sangma won the Most Valuable Player award in the women's category while Jason Bakai won the men's category.
This is a picture of the Al Wakrah Stadium, which is one of the stadiums, which has looked beautiful and is almost completed in the next few months.
The Mission continues to emphasize on bringing about lifestyle changes through the adoption of proper health and nutrition advice through the dissemination of information on these necessary changes and the demand for quality services, development of social skills, cooperation with various government departments and promotion of the use of affordable products such as sanitary napkins, nutritious food produced by In the past few months, the government has sent personnel through contracted NGOs to provide training to their members. SHGs in each village and stay overnight and stay for months to provide training to the SHGs. Each household has one member of the SHG and each household should join and, if each village has 100 households , there should be 10 SHGs which means 10 members per SHG, one member per household.
In the second phase, 3437 teachers have registered for training at NIOS and were enrolled in 2015 with an allocation of T.206.22 lakh and released in 2015-1
The total number of recoveries has risen to
“For example, the OM issued on 12th July 1972 regarding the vacancies allocated for Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes where the vacancy rate is only 9 or less. “This rule has died because the new OM has been introduced,” she added.
In order to know and understand better, let us look and read a little about the origin, development, spread and spread of viruses, and we will conclude who or what those viruses are.
the state should not be developed.
Momin said three people from his constituency have disappeared in a coal mine in Shallang.
The Government in fact should have thought how to prevent the spread of corona virus in the state, should have thought first how once it can prevent the spread of corona virus it will open the markets and so on but the urgency to come The recruitment of foreign workers is a challenge to the health of the district as a whole.
This too was accomplished.
He said it is surprising that today, after meeting with the Town Planning Officer, she has immediately reported to the MUDA authorities in Shillong.
Shillong, November 01: The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the opening of Block and Civil Sub-divisions by the MDA government is an urgent move due to the fear of the 2023 elections. it's after the election.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 2,377 including 10 deaths.
Earlier in the afternoon, the police had forcibly led Nazuk to take over the job, but the Mizo students did not allow and the protest started to cool down. This evening, when the state government has decided not to send Kumar, she will not take over the post until she is replaced by others.
The flag raising ceremony was held across Ri-Bhoi from Umiam, Umsning, Nongpoh, Byrnihat to Khanapara and Western Ri-Bhoi to express their deep sorrow over the loss of five persons. The Assam police have opened fire on the people of the village in the morning of the 22nd.
“Since 2015 there has been no tournament at State Level, School Level or Inter District Level.
There are pastors, priests and sisters who agree with my writing but no one is willing to change the old way of doing things.
Khan said that in fact he wanted to address the people since Saturday night, but because of his anger, he could not speak as he had planned. sun.
However, the government is still collecting data and does not have an estimate of the loss of land.
Jowai, July 07: The Jowai Presbytery has celebrated the Word Environment Day by holding a one day training on July 4, 2022 at the Presbyterian Church Demthring, West Jaintia Hills.
For more information and assistance, applicants can call the Help Line No.85880-52636 and can also request advice by e-mail at the e-mail address help@ cmelevate.
The projects include the development of a commercial building at Polo, a mechanized multi-level car park on Vivekananda Road, near the Additional Secretariat and Polo Commercial Complex, the beautification of the market and the improvement of lakes in the state and areas without Ward Lake.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court has strongly warned Patanjali Ayurveda, the company of Baba Ramdev, for publishing misleading advertisements; But today, Ramdev admitted that it is not Patanjali that is misleading, but the gang of doctors of new drugs, who speak against and mislead the company. .
The MPLU and HTTA have also threatened to stage protests if the NHAI does not do anything on the Fastag toll system to facilitate the drivers and passengers passing through the toll gates in the state.
“I am surprised that the Principal has been on leave for 40 days due to illness, but the government does not know that the Principal has taken leave and if it knows why it does not authorize the Vice Principal or the “It is because of the lack of such orders from the government that the teachers who are older teachers to temporarily look after the daily activities of the school,” said the MLA. all these things shall be done because there is no overseer.
Nongstoin, Naitung 1: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin Circle on Tuesday arrested two Nepalis, who have changed their names and clan to Khasi tribe.
In early April 2022, Gupta was shot multiple times by unidentified assailants in Delhi’s Burari area and subsequently succumbed to his care.
Dr War said that in the last two days, 176 people have been tested positive in Shalang and Riangdo and 14 of them yesterday and 10 today have been tested positive. new cases of covid positive
After investigation, in the presence of relatives, police said that the body belonged to Bah Hopewelson Turnia, 38, resident of Ngunraw village and resident of Mawlangwir. wife and children.
Meanwhile, Sangma said the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya will set a date to confirm the second phase of the border talks in the coming days.
Sunrise Academy, which took the lead, scored 68 runs for the loss of one wicket in 10 overs.
According to a statement issued by the RPF, during the raids conducted on the 17th and 18th, the RPF security forces rescued 9 children and a woman. .
He said if the prime minister or the NPP claims that FOCUS is their scheme, they are wrong.
It is something that has taken away the share of others, for personal gain, and that 99.9 out of 100, no one can escape in our daily lives.
Did you know, fishing is the most difficult job in the world and it is also the most enjoyable job to do especially if you know how to fish.
JACATAM has decided to suspend the strike after a meeting with the Commissioner Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Bah Donald P Wahlang who informed the teachers that he has already met with the officers of the JACATAM. He also held talks with the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma today on the 100 percent salary increase for adhoc teachers.
He was elected MLA from Chokpot Constituency.
The Sohiong election has been one of the occasions when the NPP has strongly criticized the UDP leaders and has reached the point where the NPP leaders have vowed to get out of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance bus or to leave. not the government.
R.Nongtdu who gave the welcome speech, Rtn.
They immediately got out of the water and walked slowly to the main road.
The Government has now appointed SC Sadhu to replace Kurbah before the Lok Sabha elections.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that MeECL should understand that MeECL has been paid T.1340 crore for electricity bills to NEEPCO, NTPC and others and to release MeECL from the burden. The Government has decided to take T.1300 crore from the REC and PFC through the Atmanirbhar Bharat.
Meghalaya will have to prepare for their next match in Shillong against Nagaland on the 19th of July.
{The Nagas do not accept this Act, according to the signing of the Naga Accord in 1961, they demand that although they have become Christians, the household affairs should be maintained and governed according to the traditional customs of the Naga Traditions}In the Persians, divorce and prostitution are strongly decided in the presence or absence of witnesses.
Russia claims that these are 1,026 Ukrainian troops who have surrendered in Ilyich, including 162 officers; However, Kyiv has denied the Russian report.
HITO met with the Engineer of PWD Shangpung Division on 23rd June and informed him that the bridge needs to be repaired at the place where it will connect to the road to ensure safe traffic.
Pala said the state government has been fully supporting Star Cement for 10 years now as Star Cement is a long-established dewbilat factory and only wants to increase its capacity.
Therefore, the teacher concludes by exhorting our nation through these lines: "A!Jingsneng Akor Khasi, Where are you now, In the hearts of the children of the country, Or is there no one to accept you? Next issue, read about the Dorbar of the Khasi Ancients from the book 'The Footsteps of the Longshwa'
Speaking to reporters, SP Ri Bhoi Giri Prasad said that Lapang was arrested first for extortion in Ri Bhoi and another for extortion in East Khasi Hills district. and there was a complaint against him in Laban's house.
The KSU has questioned and criticized why the government has not allowed the paradoh parasnam who have been mining coal for 40 years or more to supply coal to these factories.
In addition, the attack on Christians has been widespread with more than 249 churches in Imphal, Manipur being destroyed, damaged and burnt and this attack has affected all groups. There has also been a loss of property of the people and the property of the government.
Shillong: On 23rd July 2022, a body of a man was found near Kutche Umdud road, which is the old KLMC road. you don't have to accept.
Where is Adam? Adam said, “I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked” Genesis 3:9-1
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang MLA Mawlai Constituency as the Chief Guest, Bah Jowell Marbaniang MPS as the Symbud Chief Guest. Secondary Schools, Principals of various schools who participated in this Annual Sports Meet.
Former Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi has announced that he will resign if the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) wins more than 1000 seats in the Assembly. State in the 2021 elections.
Bah Lambok, as an active member of the Shillong Press Club, is also one of the most prominent journalists in the field.
They began to urge these party workers to work hard so that when they win, they will give heaven and earth.
Shillong: Various groups from Goalpara and Kamrup districts of Assam have planned to hold a protest from the 29th of this month against the government's lack of attention to the demand of the Garo people for their own District Council in Assam. moon.
He said the jackfruit processing unit was constructed at a cost of Rs 2 crore and is powered by solar power with a 100 KW solar power unit.
As usual, on the last day of the festival, there was a gathering at the Seng Khasi House, Mawkhar, where the Duhalia, took part in the playing of the lumpaid ksing and after this, Rangbah Banteilang Sing Rumnong , President of the Seng Khasi College and Chairman of the Publicity Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, took part in conducting the meeting.
Shillong; On the 25th July 2021, which is also the National Voter's Day, the Election Commission will issue the E-Epic or E-Electors Photo Identity Card. The Election Commission of India, which is the highest authority to amend the rules according to the needs of the present era, will release the E-Epic on this occasion. the current month.
All these words, though they have two words in one sentence, are understood to be one word; Therefore, in writing it is necessary to leave it as it is or to require a hyphen and that depends on the authority which should regard the Khasi language as a language of speech, reading and writing.
Before the start of the mombati ceremony, the two organizations together with the family members of the young woman and the NRLTODA Siejlieh Leaders of the Seng Longkmie Nongstoin together with taxi drivers, this evening, marched from Siejlieh with flags and marched to Nongstoin Market and held a short meeting.
He said there is no place in the country where the Indian government will enforce the AFSPA except in the North East and Jammu & Kashmir.
Paiem Patrick Syiemiong said that he will meet the Executive Committee of the Hima Nongspung on Tuesday next month to investigate who is involved in issuing the NoC to the Assam Government. He said that when the MLA of West Guwahati sent a letter of approval for the construction of this road, he immediately informed the Prime Minister and the Deputy Commissioner.
Hek also distributed cash prizes of T.10,000/- to the winners of the competition including Bah S Kurkalang from Mylliem Block, Kong R Laru from Umsning Block, Ri. Bhoi District, Bah W Marbaniang of Mairang Block, Kong BK Nongtnger of Ranikor Block, South West Khasi Hills District, Sengborlang Women Self Help Group, Bah R Pohtam of East Jaintia Hills District, u N Ch Marak of Betasing Block, South West Garo Hills, SR Marak of Gambegre Block, West Garo Hills, P Sangma of North Garo Hills and RR Marak of East Garo Hills.
Speaking to media, MLACWE Chairperson Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the 5000 people living with HIV/AIDS are the highest in East Khasi Hills District. The meeting of the Committee was held today at MLA Hostel Shillong.
“We also request the Government to allocate more funds from the State Budget to the SSA and to transfer the SSA teachers from the State Implementation Society (SIS) to the Department of Education in accordance with the Right to Education. to Education (RTE)," he said.
“We request the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma to discuss with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi the burden of our school teachers besides the low salary. “It's a good idea to pay us the day laborers in the state,” said the Union leader.
Teinwel's defeat was due to the support of the Speaker of the House, Pynshngain N Syiem, to the opposition.
There are 4,229 people undergoing treatment and the death toll has risen to
This is the 50th goal of the SPL this season.
On the same day, Dr Mukul also launched a memorial book.
Therefore, the relevant departments are requested to implement as soon as possible for the benefit of the Shnong and it would also be nice if developments are available through any schemes.
However, in these days of this hot season and mostly during the day children are in their schools, so their playtime is more in the evening, which puts them at risk n he was struck by the wings of the pyrjong.
On this occasion, Bah Martle Mukhim, Senior Vice President, confirmed the office bearers of the HSPDP Nongstoin Area Unit, including the Parent Body, Women Wing and Youth Wing.
Shillong: Along with the Mawlai By-Pass, the Chief Minister today inaugurated the Mawlai Police First Responder Bikers Outpost at Umshing Mawkynroh.
Before the meeting, a short meeting was held at the College Hall conducted by Kong Renda Manla Khonglah Joint Secretary, Jowai KAS in the presence of Rev K. Pariat, Senior Executive Secretary KJP Synod Mihngi. Shillong, Jowai and Khliehriat, the Principal of the college Dr. DG Lyngdoh, teachers and students of the college.
The men's team finished fifth with 1932 goals, while the women's team came fourth with 1916 goals and the men's team came fourth with 1304 goals. .
In his speech, he congratulated the Pommura Youth Association for organizing this program to raise awareness among the people about the dangers of alcohol which causes many problems in many families. The taking away of only half of the precious life destroys the minds of young children and causes many evils if alcohol is consumed.
This will be a warning to the youth who are attracted to many of the pleasures of this world to turn their attention to the things related to morality, knowledge of man, knowledge of God and other aspects of build the human dignity, as taught and inspired by one of the greatest men of India and the world, Vivekananda.
All these show that there is a bias and it goes to the one who has been elected now.
“At any time, the department will be ready to destroy or burn the seized drugs with permission from the court,” he said.
He was taken to MIMHANS and later shifted to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
“I am surprised that Stanleson Kurbah who filed the complaint is a neighbour.
The statement also said that the University is committed to the successful implementation of the NEP
“All the furniture that was placed in this house according to the Khasi custom, was completely destroyed by the fire,” said Bah Pranshon.
The buildings in the area are more than 17 meters high and this will be the maximum height allowed.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah HM Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram Constituency congratulated and honored the Presbyterian Church Phlangwanbroi and the office bearers who have been able to organize this tournament as a sign of celebration. 125th Anniversary of the Presbyterian Church.
In his speech, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the feeling at the opening of the National Games is indescribable.
Ryndia clothes from Meghalaya have attracted the attention of people from home and abroad as well as at the G20 Summit in New Delhi until even the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, highlighting the beauty of these types of clothing.
Lion SC played well from the start with plenty of chances.
However, he said that KSU members Wankerlang Jyrwa and Badonkupar Nongbri who were accused of killing Vikash Nandwal in Motphran have not been granted bail.
The fighting between the Khasi and Garo lasted longer, but no one won.
To her surprise, she saw that near the slum, there were many people who were smuggling and spending money.
And if they say, Repent, they will kill the preacher.
Shillong, Nailar 04: Police under the leadership of Joyti Wahlang MPS, Bah P.Syiem SI Nongthymmai and police have fought against the robbers. Wanstep Lyngdoh, 27, resident of Nongrim Hills and Banroplang Jyrwa, 24, resident of Rngijynriew Neng Nongthymmai, were arrested.
Williamnagar constituency is led by MPCC Working President Deborah Marak but Dikanchi received only 4015 votes while Conrad received 15,3 vote.
Barley juice (wheat) : Barley juice is known to provide hydration in the body.
The time of the Christian apostasy.
However, according to the report, many of them have disappeared without returning after completing the examination and this is one of the problems faced by the government.
Assam also won gold medals in the team event through Snigdha Goswami, Jakir Hussain, Biki Datta and Kalyan Sahul.
Guwahati: Assam police today arrested Omar Farooq from Byrnihat, one of the leaders of the Hizb-ul-Mujahideen.
Today, the raids were conducted in four parts of the district including Sutnga-Umpleng, Sohkymphor, Rymbai and Dkhiah East and Dkhiah West.
This woman was saved by the vision of the milkmaid.
This protest has put the Jowai Municipal Board in darkness and the road in Ïawmusiang has turned into a Marten full of garbage.
Another source said that the protest has intensified after the KHADC through the EM i/c elaka has issued a letter to summon the Syiem. meeting of sordars and elders to discuss this issue which could lead to violence.
Shillong: The Supreme Court today heard the case of Ma Lber Laloo against the Dima Hasao Student Union.
On the appeal filed by DGP Meghalaya Rajiv Mehta in the Meghalaya High Court to urge the media to refrain from issuing curfew notices by various groups, Bah Lyngdoh said, “Why? pop the media, everyone is involved in ensuring that the law stands".
In October 2023, the President will visit the INS Vikrant and talk to the officers and sailors working on the Indian-built ship.
This was the issue in the last elections, when the leaders of the political parties spoke at the election campaigns and even the political parties discussed the issue of appointing a Khasi Prime Minister this time.
Shillong, July 18: U Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, the NPP candidate for Mawkyrwat Constituency 2013, today announced that he has joined the HSPDP. 2013 from Mawkyrwat to Rowell Lyngdoh of the Congress, he received 4459 votes for his first son.
MEPA at this meeting decided to clarify to the public that the media outlets authorized to operate are registered with the Registrar of Newspapers of India (RNI) and empaneled. by the Directorate of Information and Public Relations (DIPR) of the Government of Meghalaya.
Nongpoh: A family and residents of Umwiehsnieh village in Ri Bhoi District, have been shocked by the death of an elderly man who passed away on the 2nd of this month at the Civil Hospital Shillong. , but after the burial, they received a message from the Civil Hospital, which said that the man had died of COVID-1
Government Minister Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the Ministerial Committee on the Meghalaya Landlords and Verification Bill, said that the committee will explain to the school children about the Bill which aims to curb the illegal immigrants. residence in this state.
“You need to show your authority as a Rangbah and as a Rangbah Shnong,” said the mother. “I will not allow you to meet tomorrow with the lawyer to ask for advice on how to do it.
“There are misleading people going around misleading by saying they will sell all their property and, livestock and everything they have," he said.
The High Court has said that the setting of up to 500 marks in the Personal Interview may deprive those who have scored high marks in the Written Examination. , is done without any basis but it is only for the purpose of eliminating those who are entitled to receive and to get those who are not because compared to the written marks are only 200 marks while the personal interview is up to 500 marks.
Nongpoh, June 24: The National Highway Authority of India (NHMA) has not yet decided whether to cross the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi district. To meet the needs of the people to build a pedestrian bridge in the center of Nongpoh.
In Mylliem constituency, Pastor received 4687 votes, while Teilinia Thangkhiew, MDC, received 4926 votes. .
During religious services, there are accidents, there are storms that destroy the church buildings, there is a loss of power, there is a forced end in the middle of the services, there is rain during the services.
KNB requests all the public, civil society, government officials and all those who need to provide information or announcements to call the following numbers, Nongstoin-9 Riangdo & Mawthadraishan – 9485037931 and Kynshi –
The Afghan Defense Ministry said the death toll was in a military operation near the city of Lashkargah in Helmand province on Wednesday.
Never be a wasteful wife.
In addition, it was also agreed to allocate funds to combat global warming & climate change which affects living things in many ways especially in food and nutrition.
Therefore, Ms. Wanniang also pointed out the problems that can arise from child marriage which are a serious threat to women's health, the threat of affecting the family, education. the increase in dropout rates and also affects income and other problems.
They have requested for bail but the bail will be granted only by the court and not by the government and therefore this case is still ongoing.
KHNAM Working President Adelbert Nongrum said that KHNAM will soon announce the candidates for the two constituencies of Mairang and Sohiong as at present there are only two candidates from these constituencies. .
In the Sub-Junior boys' cock fight category, Jubert Jeckle Syiemlieh, Lambok Kupar Marngar and Daryl Syiemlieh won the cock fight. Jerry Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Governor of Meghalaya, Dr. KK Paul today launched the Yes+ Freedom Programme.
Marak, General Secretary, AYWO (CGB), U Pritam Marak, President, FKJGP, Garo Hills Zone.
He said that it has started to rain and therefore they hope that in the next few days the power outage will be relieved.
When asked, Dr Kharlukhi said that in the last 50 years, these two states have maintained the status quo.
There are boundaries, land and others that define and identify them no matter where they are.
That's the right thing to do...But the high priest said,
He said that on 11th November 2019, the NPP MP from Tura had agreed to support her and he couldn't sleep all night. support.
“The KSU urges all Khasi politicians to oppose the reversal of the roster system and demand that it should be implemented prospectively,” said the statement.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today held a meeting with all the village leaders in the Nongpoh area and the village leaders in the Nongpoh area. Through this meeting, they decided to take strong action against MeECL on the grounds that it has not been able to provide electricity to many villages in the Nongpoh area.
The sudden outbreak of Covid-19 has caused our students to forget their studies and our teachers have forgotten how to teach.
The VPP does not agree to say that Meghalaya is a Christian state and we have no intention of declaring it as such,” said Dr. Myrboh. justice and social and political truth.
Shillong: There have been 248 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 99 recoveries.
He said that on no condition can the Governor go beyond the state government.
Police also arrested two suspects involved in the gold smuggling, Vinod Kumar Sharma, driver of the vehicle from Jaipur and Lalshyam Sharma from Rajasthan.
The Minister was accompanied by MDC Malki-Laitumkhrah Constituency Fantin J. Lakadong, Director Health Department Dr R Ally, DM&HO Dr Shakina Lyngdoh and office bearers of the Dorbar. Nongmensong Village with ASHAs. As it is, in all parts of Shillong there is a problem of drug addiction, in the same way in Nongmynsong villages are facing the same problem.
At the meeting held at the residence of Bah Embhah in Mawlai, they also decided that at present they will not join or support anyone but the decision will be taken at the next meeting. long ago.
“For the purchase of equipment in various departments and parts of the university, the GeM portal has been included and 3 training programs have been conducted to educate the staff on the purchase. through GeM," he said.
Are these things better than the stars? Why don't these organizations stand up for these issues that affect the individuals and families of their fellow citizens? Why? The answer is that by shaking the same thing, the mynder will be afraid.
“In the past, it was only kyiad and bhang that destroyed the youth but in this age of technology, the most dangerous drug has destroyed many families,” she said.
NEHU as one of the Central Universities will enroll students in PG Courses through CUET. For these students, they have been directed to register for the CUET 2022 examination.
According to a statement issued by the Lok Sabha Secretariat on Thursday, after the Chief Judicial Magistrate's Court in Surat convicted Rahul Rahul on October 23, The Congress leader has been completely banned under Article 102 (1) (e) of the Constitution of India and Section 8 of the Representation of the People Act,
Speaking to reporters, Lotha said, “I am in Mizoram to campaign, but I came to Meghalaya to speak on my campaign against the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Dr. Mukul Sangma said.
In the women's category, the winner received a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy, while the loser received a cash prize of T.5,0 Trophy.
To the east, to the areas of Nongmadan, Crete, Mawmih, it is like looking at Lum Shulong.
“I have stopped my plan to go on hunger strike in front of Dr. Mukul's house because I am alone and if I go on hunger strike alone I will be laughed at by the people,” said Clifford Marak MLA of the GNC. They have vowed to go on hunger strike if the government does not release 25 rich people who have been arrested for the protest to demand their own state for the Garo people.
Corruption in the health department has been a part of the state since its inception.
However, it is surprising that only the sub-centre to provide assistance to poor mothers, children and the elderly who are sick and in need of medicines has not been available yet. .
He said that the Sirdar of Mawlong Hima, Bah Stephan Laloo, should resign.
“However, this Bill has been rejected by the Lower House of Parliament.
In fact, the MBOSE had conducted the internal examination for Class IX in the year 2000 by agreeing to set the questions but that year, the questions were released before the examination day. some schools.
Oxygen is essential for your most important muscles if you want these muscles to function fully as they should.
Pynshai Lamare scored the goals for Khimusniang in the 2nd minute and Rudyson Sutnga in the 18th minute.
They said that they will send a letter to the Governor of the State to talk to them to convey their demand to the Central Government and request the Chief Minister to talk to them. with this question of theirs.
The people themselves have been shocked and shocked because the jobs have been taken away by those 'High Level' who have the power while the people who earn their living from the trade and others. Other types of jobs have been completely lost after the court has issued an order banning the quarrying of shyiap and maw.
It is learned that in this incident, a house caught fire but the fire was extinguished by the villagers and police.
“Organic farming depends on the availability of untreated fertilizer.
In order to protest against the dismissal, the VPP recently suspended its protest demanding the re-appointment of the dismissed officers in the Meghalaya Lokayukta after the state government make sure to keep the conversation going with them on this issue.
Rejoice Gassah tied 65 runs off 71 balls, Heimonlang Lyngdoh 44 runs off 18 balls and Chongtre Iman Lamare 37 runs off 40 balls.
The most famous of these emperors was Emperor Julius Caesar and they had different calendars.
It will also reduce the cost of farming and increase the income of farmers through increased productivity.
Speaking on the occasion, the DC acknowledged that the environment has really affected those areas and said that in fact Brichyrnot should not have given permission to the company.
However, as the House has not yet passed the full budget, the House has already passed the temporary budget for the three months of T.4427921149/- (four hundred crore forty-two crore ninety-nine thousand one thousand four hundred and forty thousand tyngka) for the three months ending in July.
Similarly, Dr R. Arthur Hughes in his report to the Church of Wales urged that the Roberts Hospital should be permanent.
He said that the government has not released this baibam for 10 years now which used to be 500 per month and if the government cannot release it, it will lose confidence among the people.
Speaking at the meeting, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said that the BJP is not a party that bans the consumption of beef or opposes the religious beliefs of the people. there is no such thing and it is only the accusation of opportunists who are afraid of the BJP, because of its strength these days.
For more information please call 9436171683 (10 AM to 5 PM) or email dofpmeghalaya@gmail.com.
The CEM advised other MDCs to use motorcycles when coming to the dorbar and to leave their vehicles at home so that they can reach the dorbar on time and avoid traffic jam.
He said that the JACMSC has sought clarification from the electricity department on the dismissal of the contractors, but so far the department has not clarified on this.
Tourists are requested to cooperate with the Society in this regard until it is safe and free from danger and injury.
I would like to urge the MC to allow these 50 mawmer to strengthen the desire for the upgradation of the school,” he said.
However, the heart was not happy because the sha spirit had lost its way.
“In the Science Block, we found that the ceilings were damaged due to the infiltration of water during the rainy season.
He said that if it were not for the increase in corruption, Nagaland would have been the most developed state in India.
So far, 40 new cases have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases in Iran to
He urged the political parties to forget about hatred and think about the nation.
After the cleanliness drive, members and leaders of Iahunlang VO distributed dustbins to 8 villages in the village.
The program was conducted by Bah PK Laloo and welcome speeches were delivered by Bah DM Nongkseh (President, Banbudai Sports & Cultural Club).
However, due to the skill of the Manipur bowlers, Arunachal bowlers lost 10 wickets and scored 120 runs in 44 overs.
He said that all the people of India celebrate this day.
Thanks also go to the media for helping to spread the Behdieñkhlam this year.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 07: After receiving complaints from the residents regarding the deterioration of the footbridge at Lailad, Ri Bhoi District, which has been allocated under the MDC scheme for the purpose of working from the side. Leaders of the FKJGP Umling Circle, together with the FKJGP, North Khasi Hills District, today visited the bridge which has been erected only with wood and without wood. carried out by the Contractor now for more than 10 years.
Today, this reporter visited the cow market in the market and found that the cow market is empty and there are several shops selling cow meat. pig.
Meghalaya, which has reached the milestones in its 50 years of independence, may still be lagging behind in many aspects compared to other states. small states in the Northeast.
After the service, it is prohibited to gather in groups in any part of the church/place of worship. 6) If possible, you should leave your juti in your own vehicle.
In another incident, Ri Bhoi Police, after receiving a tip from the Rangbah Shnong of 9 Mer Baridua, have recovered the body of a man from a commercial vehicle (AS01-). The deceased was identified as Mitun Sen, son of Amol Sen from 9 Mer Baridua market opposite the CRPF gate. The deceased was identified as Mitun Sen, son of Amol Sen. Jayanagar village which is still under the jurisdiction of Beltola Police Station, Assam.
The people have seen through such games for a long time and will vote for those who are not religious, vote for the BJP candidate in the upcoming MP elections.
“At this meeting, we have decided that besides the 25 lakh tyngka which is for the salonsar assistance, there is also a need to have some money to put in advance with the DCs so that if there are any households “Those who have been affected by the natural disasters will not have to wait long,” he said.
On the comments on the ban, he said the government has allowed it because it falls under the jurisdiction of the Puja Committee, which has arranged the protocol and the programs to celebrate Christmas. In various churches, the Government has allowed the churches to follow the Protocols.
An inquiry commission was appointed headed by Justice T. Vaiphei, Chairman of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission.
The robbers also broke into his house and broke into the cupboards and stole T.50,000 tyngka, a sati ksai and two. three golden scores.
On 10th June 2019, seven people were injured when police opened fire on women in Imphal market and these women were blocking the highway. The meeting also spoke on the peaceful assembly of the people, which is approved by the Constitution. women, it is an act of discrimination and touching women.
This decision was approved by the Cabinet on Tuesday.
The reason is that the tax in cinema halls is low, because it has been equated with the tax on films produced in Bollywood and other places.
She strongly suspected that someone had tampered with the evidence.
The Minister said the government has now considered where to set up these police stations and the setting up of these police stations is to fight against crime and robbery in the state.
The Seng has demanded that the DC should immediately appoint the right candidates to take over the post of BDO as it is a great loss and suffering to the people of War Jaintia if they come to the office, sometimes in need. Madam, the people have to come to the office twice a day, only for a few jobs.
At the same time, the office welcomes and opens the door to all schools to take part in this tournament.
Thus the days passed and no one heard that the month of April had risen.
Therefore, in order to help and see jobs and to avoid the tax collection, which is various from the people, in the fight against Covid 19, it is therefore for the Honorable MLA, to give his opinion to the Lamphang Dorbar, to abolish the MLA scheme, as it costs T.2.5 crore per member and if all 60 members agree, then the amount will reach 100 crore. support for the fight against coronavirus, which is about three or four months (according to the above estimate) and as a sympathy to the people, during this time of fare shortage, the price of vehicles should be increased. gasoline, diesel.
Brookside Adventist Hr.Secondary School, Assam Rifles Higher Secondary School Horse Band and Border Wing Home Guards Band.
Even if I justify myself, I have no value in the sight of God.
Purningstar Shabong said that at present, the people in these areas are in fear of being harassed by the police and the Assam government authorities and especially that the people are not safe. I don't want to go to work in my fields.
Meghalaya's top scorer was Shavian Blah for 2/63 in 10 overs.
In his speech, Chairman Neima expressed his gratitude to APSTA for taking the time to visit and help these children and said that there are 50 girls and 33 boys. and 3 girls in After Care.
Since Messi's first trip to China in 2005, he has played for Argentina or his former club Barcelona in friendlies.
The market will last for about 20 days at Bhoirymbong, through which the people can get a variety of items including household items.
The High Court will hear the case again on November 29,
Stevenson's family said President Pranab Mukherjee and Vice President Mohammad Hamid Ansari had congratulated him.
Out of the 15 lakh voters in the State, nearly 50 lakh are between the ages of 18 and 39 years.
It is learned that after the 13th, there will be no more ministers in the MDA government led by Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma.
Praise the Lord! Paul goes on to say that I have learned to be content with life and even Job said that we can take nothing out of the world.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Presbyterian Church (PBUH) has decided that any pastor who is involved in political activities will lose the rank of Pastor. R Sohkhlet.
Members of the JSU Central Body including Treiborlang R Suchen were the chief guests in the presence of Vice President of the JSU Aplang Lamare and others.
There are three types of hospitals (1) PHC (2) CHC and (3) Sub-Divisional Hospital. to follow in the Sub-Divisional Headquarters.
Although the Dorbar Shnongs have been warning against anyone who comes to do stunts inside the villages that they are not allowed to do such things inside the villages, it has been seen that but there are some who fight against it.
Until now, there is no Secretariat in Tura and if the government wants to move the capital of Meghalaya to Tura during the rainy season, it needs to set up this huge office.
The Aam Admi Party, whose symbol is the synsar, has stirred up politics in the small state of Delhi. Arvind Kejriwal, who has previously worked with Anna Hazare.
Nongpoh: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, has recovered the body of an elderly man, believed to be aged 35 to 45 years. On the 23rd of this month, from a parking lot in Umdihar village, he died on the 26th of this month and no one has come to find him. you are still in Nongpoh.
Similarly, this happens to believers to be like salt in the life of man in this world so that others can experience the power of that spiritual salt which leads others to the path of teaching the Word of God.
They have thrown blood into our village without any reason.
Dr Mukul said that even the MP from Nagaland has voted in favor of the CAB and he is an MP in the Nagaland government and part of the NEDA. “They should have expressed their true opinion when the Bill was passed in the Lok Sabha but they did not do so, “But these people without rain are like Judas who turned away from the North East,” said Dr. Mukul.
Wholemeal Atta will be distributed for the month of March, 2022 at the scale of 5 kgs per card in urban area and 3 kgs per card in rural area at the rate of Rs.10.50/- per kg.
Shillong, July 21: U MDC of Sohryngkham Constituency, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem today introduced a resolution in the House to demand that the KHADC should remove the military gate at Mawshbuit village. Speaking in the House, Bah Pyniaid said that the presence of this gate has caused suffering to the residents of the village as they have no other way to walk. and he went out of the gate of the army.
At the same time, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the government respects the feelings of the religious leaders, Sengbhalang and others on the holding of the festival on Sunday, but urged everyone to support the festival. part of the Cherry Blossom Festival.
THEME: “THE CHRISTIAN HOUSE AS THE HEART OF CHRIST” THEME: 2 CORINTHIANS 2:1
He said that he has taken care of many species of jri trees, there are about 100 species of jri trees, while in Meghalaya there are about 40 species, but the most common is the Jri bamon.
Although there is no harm in eating meat, the people on the other hand have the right to know what is on their plate.
Although they claim that they do not understand or are stupid and do not know the meaning of the memorandum, there are many cases where even the intellectuals are still stupid.
“At the meeting held on 9th March 2023, it was decided to delete the name of the Meghalaya Liberation Association of Visually Impaired and replace it with the name of the Visually Impaired. You are not a member of the National Inclusive Society.
Camorra boss Francesco Bidognetti was arrested and sentenced to 20 years in prison.
The MPF has expressed its distrust of the Chief Minister and accused him of being a politician who is involved with the insurgents especially the ANVC-B. Champion Sangma and Dr. Mukul Sangma, who founded the GNLA, had campaigned for Dr. Mukul Sangma in 2008 and also He said that he supports the Congress in the 2013 MLA elections, even though he is in jail.
Due to the change of time from 12:00 pm to 12:00 pm and 3:00 pm, we were forced to leave at 12:30 pm. programme.
I don't remember any discussion on the influx or the ILP issue in the Legislative Assembly.
Why doesn't the president of the MPCC campaign for the election of his own candidate party Congress when he himself has been MP 3 times...especially in his constituency, Sutnga Saipung Constituency? you tree.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday appointed the Cabinet of Ministers of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA 2.0) government and has appointed the Ministries of Finance, Mining and Geology and Home (Political) and other departments. and to other ministers.
Bah John A. Lyngdoh said that the government has left the teachers alone and promised that the Congress will resolve the issues of the teachers.
When he became an MLA in 1983, Ganold became a Minister in the government led by BB Lyngdoh as Chief Minister.
This is the first time that the tournament has been held in Shillong with the participation of 10 foreign companies such as Bank of Baroda, Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd.
Shillong: S Kharrymba from Nongtyngur, BK Khongjirem from Wahkhen, RM Shabong from Umniuh Tmar, EK Khongngai from Lapalang and others have written to Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Disaster Management, on the landslide from the North East to Bangladesh.
The match between Sabah Muswang and Iongpiah ended in a 3-3 draw.
But there are 3 types of readers.
Many of the speakers on the occasion spoke well on the issue of coal mining ban, Langpih incident and opposition to uranium mining and VAB. The State Government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma.
The FAs were welcomed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Soil and Water Conservation, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh in the presence of Additional Chief Secretary, Bah Barkos Warjri and other officials of the department.
“The Minister has spoken to the NTPC because the NTPC has several projects to generate electricity from niut.
His long stay in his own home has an understanding that it is very different from the homes of others and even the homes of relatives.
After a meeting with Dr. BDR Tiwari, IAS, Commissioner Secretary, Education Department and Ambrose Ch Marak, IAS, Secretary Education, they said that the government will soon release the the remaining amount of all Mid Day Meals in the State.
Unlike us, sometimes you buy clothes, sometimes you buy food, sometimes you drive a car.
The events that are happening now are only the beginning of troubles.
Shillong: Three persons have been killed in an earthquake in Laitlarem, Mawphlang Block, East Khasi Hills District, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today.
He said that the police should also provide protection to the lives of people so that the incidents that happened in the past will not happen again where the lives of people have been lost due to the. weakness of Government and law enforcement personnel.
This year, we are celebrating 8 years of SBM; thus, the question arises – what else lies ahead for this task in sanitation in rural India? Minister Rangbah Duh has made it clear since 2019 that we cannot rest when we win.
This scheme has been going on for some time, and we don’t have an exact track record of how effective it has been.
Vanlalhmuaka stressed the need for the BJP to come to power in order to bring about development in the state.
A more detailed survey found that 56% of women in the North East have been affected by menstrual disorders and 42% of women have been affected by menstrual diseases. Go outside.
Speaking to reporters at GHM Guest House, Jowai on Monday, the Secretary of the District Election Committee, Ma GM Lamar, said that the meeting has recommended three candidates to be sent to the State Election Committee. Moonlight Pariat from Jowai Constituency 2, Mowkaïaw Constituency 4 by incumbent MLA Nujorki Sungoh and MDC Dawan Lyngdoh from Nartiang Constituency. and found that they have fulfilled the requirements of the Constitution of the Party.
SG Esmatur is a former MLA from Phulbari constituency, who won from the NPP in 2018, MDC from Shyamnagar, former chairman of the State Forest Department. Bah Robinus is a former MLA of Mowkaïaw constituency who won as an independent candidate in 2013 and in Speaking on the occasion, the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma expressed his happiness to welcome these two leaders who have come to join the NPP. “Their decision to join the TMC is because they have a desire to provide full service to the people of the state, the decision to join the TMC is because they have a purpose. to fulfill all the promises made to the people".
Before the blood donation, a short meeting was held by Dr.P.Shylla In-charge Jowai Blood Bank who explained the value of blood, especially when the patients are in urgent need of blood. The blood and the presence of such a blood bank will help you a lot.
Today I received a telephone call from Rewak, South Garo Hills where a man has been demanded to pay T.1,500 per household to install a gas cylinder.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said, “This is the most special day we have ever done, and we have already built many houses like these which have not been revealed to the public.
Ditor Line 17.
The order, issued last month, directs the Deputy Commissioners of the Districts to count and report the number of Pastors across the State.
On the other hand, in many developed states, such as Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Karnataka and Maharashtra, the percentage of students enrolling in science at +2 is between -85%.
He will no longer be able to knieh our food.
The woman could not answer clearly, because the parts of her throat were not yet able to move her mouth to speak, but she explained that on July 30, her husband Charles Nongrum. , from Nongkya, who had separated from her, stabbed her with a knife, with the intention of killing her.
Unfortunately, Witting said that when he arrived at the prime minister's residence, he was not allowed to enter the prime minister's room. “They also sent me outside and locked up Dr. Mukul's room and said that there was a household meeting,” said Bah Witting. " he said.
He said that since that day they have been without light and this has caused problems to these two villages especially to the students who are preparing for their upcoming examinations.
On the same day, Saudi Arabia recorded a temperature of 55 degrees Celsius in Al Majmaah at noon.
Through the new course introduced by the State Education Department in the Colleges to introduce Social Work at the Degree or Post Graduate Level, it has become a bridge between the residents of rural and urban areas.
If they find any border stones suspected of being smuggled by the people of Assam, they should immediately leave.
Mr.Arwamede I Pale- B.Tech first class,
It is true that students who take the subjects Political Sc or Public Administration may have little knowledge of politics and politics, but what they have been taught may not be enough to talk about how to choose. what kind of leaders!Taking action to bring awareness to the youth who have just received the new EPIC will be of great benefit especially to the first.
The death toll is the highest in the world so far.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Nongrum expressed her happiness to see the members of the SHG group who came forward to receive the training which will be of benefit to them.
Roberto Firmino scored another goal in the second half, but Tammy Abraham and Christian Pulisic were replaced by Chelsea's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain. I'm not sure what to do with Liverpool.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang Constituency, John Marak, Rangbah Shnong of Rangsokona, Bah Raju Jyrwa, Bah Raju Jyrwa, MLA Jirang Constituency, Bah Raju Jyrwa. The Rangbah Shnong of Borbhuin, Nikel Sangma, elders, Garo parents and others.
Italian police reports said some of those arrested included religious figures, while others were believed to be fleeing the country.
However, in 2011, when fighting broke out between Israeli troops and Hamas, the IDF destroyed many of these tunnels.
He said he wanted to know what measures the government will take on the failure to implement the midday meal scheme properly and also to ensure the distribution of good food items to the school children.
The Minister also distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of PMAY-Gramin and Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana.
Referring to the peace and order, Vivek Syiem, SP, said, “To ensure that the polling and counting of votes will be smooth, the police department has deployed 30 pyrtons. police to patrol and 10 pyrtons from the NCC"
The Chief Minister's remarks came after four MLAs of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) left the House to protest against the Governor's speech in Hindi on the opening day. of the State Budget Council.
This will be the second time that the EJHDFA has organized a women's football tournament and the trophy is known as the Late.
The letter was sent to the Chief Secretary, Principal Secretary, Agriculture, Chairman/Secretary of the Meghalaya Farmers (Empowerment) Commission, The Advisers of the Hill Farmer Union for information to take action on this issue.
For it had been better for us to have served the land, than for us to have died in the wilderness. freedom.
In addition, the Seng Kynthei also honored two women, Sweetymon Rynjah and Silbi Passah, on the basis of their contribution to the field of writing. reading, singing, dancing, music, which are indeed precious treasures not only for this present heritage but also for the future generations.
If you count only in non-European ward areas, the price will be 3000 per square foot and if you count in European ward areas, the price will be 6000 tyngka.
The Governor has issued a directive to all three ADCs to set up a Delimitation Committee to complete the division of new constituencies.
According to him, the day laborers in the state have been receiving only 100 tyngka from the state government since 2002 and this continues until now.
Badariti recalled that the statement of other parties that the HSPDP has not done anything in the last 50 years is a statement that the people cannot accept because of the signs. witnesses that roads, schools, hospitals and others have existed since the time of (L) Maieit Hopng.
However, a mobile phone in China costs 400 rupees and you don't get messages. You need a smart phone if you don't have 8,000 rupees and you have to buy it.
Religious leaders were chosen to be teachers, not only to teach in schools but to be teachers in the path of righteousness that leads people to God.
Most of these jhur are exported to Shillong and Nongstoin market, but the Nongstoin market cannot buy much, as it still needs a little.
From the start, both the teams played hard, but Mylliem opened the scoring through Rebuildstar Langstieh in the 10th minute.
The death toll from the Colombo bombings has risen to 321 so far, according to reports, and police have arrested 40 people in connection with the incident.
We are school teachers not street activists.
Khublei Shibun,Ressing X2KIt's very difficult especially for the villagers who earn their living day and night to get money in such difficult times to buy food, pay school fees or buy mobile phones. think of the little one.
The organization was founded on July 24,
United have moved up to the top of Group-B with 11 points from three games, while Lajong (10 points) have dropped to the top of Group-B. second place.
Therefore, the group apologizes to the fans that the quality of this video is not good, especially as it is still their first music video, they have not been able to improve from the acting to the costumes. that beats.
Brenda L. Pakyntein, MCS, has been transferred and appointed as the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh.
We must read the Act and the words contained in the Act carefully and present the true information and knowledge to the public.
He joined RoundGlass Punjab FC after showing his skills in the field.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 23: The farmers who used to live only on agriculture in these days have started to lose heart and face a lot of difficulties how to run this business due to the changing weather conditions. evil has begun to find them in these days.
The futsal ground, which is built by themselves, is in line with the international standard ground, and can also be played in the evening with lights, and through this ground other sports fans have also been able to train. themselves in this field or they have been able to cleanse themselves.
“Dr Shangpliang reminded that the VPP has already warned the state government on this issue, whether inside or outside the state legislature.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The news that two MLAs from Jaintia Hills have joined the BJP on Monday evening.
The conversion of caste to caste does not destroy the identity of a nation.
He said that the HYC Lai Lyngdoh Circle would like to express its gratitude to the entire office for their promptness in taking action on this issue.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the woman has lost a case in the District Council for encroaching on the village land and has appealed to the High Court.
The Shad Sukra is a celebration before sowing the seeds of phniang and to thank the nature for the good harvest of rice.
Ricky Stone Nongbet of Hurdles CC took three wickets for 10 runs in 4 overs. Shillong, Jymmang 13 : Meghalaya have been named Player of the Match. Vidarbha in the U-25 Col CK Nayudu Trophy lost four wickets in the last five overs against Vidarbha.
One of the elders who has used his God-given talent properly, is Bah Koles Masla from Mawhati Ribhoi District who is blind in both eyes.
culture and respect for the people as they are.
The supervisor-cum-storekeeper of Sati Tea Estate in Namsai district of Arunachal Pradesh has been abducted by armed militants, police said.
The decision of the Supreme Court is final and binding on both parties.
Saiden will start against Goa on the 20th of this month, followed by Kendriya on the 21st and Uttrakhand on the 21st. on the 22nd.
He said that the Free Medical Camp has been set up at this place so that those who want to come for training or seek assistance will feel comfortable because this place is not crowded or known to the public.
To get a teaching job, you have to pass D.ELEd or B.Ed, M.Ed, etc. Otherwise you are not allowed to apply for a teaching job.
He said that this is the orderly administration of God and at the same time the organization prays that God will grant rest to the soul of this young man. It sends its condolences to the wife, children and family at this time of darkness.
Also present on the occasion were DP Wahlang, IAS Commissioner and Secretary, MSOA, EKH Deputy Commissioner, Sports Department officials, Presidents and Secretaries. of State Associations and athletes.
He said that it is the present government which has introduced this roster system for people with disabilities.
Shillong: The preparation for the Civil Services is not easy, but it does not mean that the youth of Meghalaya are stupid, but there is a challenge.
Verma said he did not understand much because they spoke mostly in Urdu and a few other languages ​​but he understood only the language they said Insha Allah which they also said we will succeed in our goal.
She said the bill would allow refugees from Hindus, Jains, Buddhists, Persians and Christians from Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Sushant is 34 years old.
A bakha in Mawlai has had to remove a working meter, which has served for 50 years, to install an electronic meter.
This means that after it has been able to settle and accommodate and fill all the non-Assamese foreigners in the border areas, it will sit down to discuss the border issue.
Special speakers on the occasion included Ieidlang Dkhar on Anatomy Physiology of the Unitary System, Dr.D Nongpluh on ESRD, Suzanne Mary Pakyntein on Dialysis, Markordor Kharshiing on Dialysis Ivory Kharduid on Health Education on the treatment of children.
In this allocation, the Executive Committee has allocated for the payment of salaries to the employees, payment of bills, implementation of development works and others.
Other departments will remain the same for all ministers and there is no change.
The union also expressed its concern over the deterioration of the road and said that vehicles passing through Narpuh area, don't have another road and have to pass through this NH-road. 6 and this has also caused more traffic jam as there are still many parts of the road where vehicles can still pass only on one side of the road due to the lack of cleaning of the ground. , the union said that this is the neglect of the area by the central government as well as by the state government.
He said that if he reaches his goal as MP, he will speak on the issue of protecting the miners, owning the land and advocating for the repeal of the MMDR Act from Meghalaya. to ensure that such laws which violate the ownership of land should be resolved.
Revelation 2:19-2
“The idea of ​​the Council to bring and hold the Monolith Festival is to showcase the music, dance, music, food and drink and other items. “It's not just that but there are many parts that we have to improve here,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
Sawmer have lifted to the sixth position but Nangkiew Irat have three points but have two more games to play.
“The amendment is in accordance with the recommendations proposed at the meeting of the inclusive committee of all political parties," he added.
On the opening day of the tournament, Lamare Sports Club from Shillong and Mawkyrwat Sports Association from Mawkyrwat started the match.
The accused is a Commerce Graduate student and has not been found guilty of anything against him,” said the Anti Narcotics Cell Branch.
Your friendship with your friends will never end.
The GRDI measures the life expectancy of newborns, then older children, from 15 to 64 years, then infant mortality, calculated per 1,000 newborns on.
In West Khasi Hills, it has reached 63 per cent, including Rambrai-Jyrngam (54 per cent), Pariong-Mawthadraishan (66 per cent) and Mairang-Nongkhlaw (67 per cent).
She also accused him of being a sudden act of laplah.
“What can you people do while my struggle is going on? The people across the Khasi-Jaintia constituencies should not allow these MLAs to rest in peace but should stand up and shout to sit in front of the houses of these stupid and ignorant MLAs.
The arrested person was identified as Tubalang Siangshai of Wapungskur.
And by this curse which they had chosen came upon them, they were ruled by many kings and kingdoms of the earth.
On the part of the Chief Guest and the Symbud Chief Guest, they gave their words of encouragement to the youths who have won the title as well as to those who did not succeed in chess. He also urged the youth of Saphai area to respect the village as well as the village laws and to bring about a clean environment in the village.
Nongstoiñ, June 25: World Malaria Day was celebrated today at Trysem Hall DC's office, Nongstoiñ. DM&HO and District Malaria Office.
However, it was only in the 72nd minute that Nangkiew Irat scored the first goal of the match through Overkindess Lyngdoh Mawnai.
It is a matter of pride for the country and the nation that out of the 40 participants sent by the MSKA, five have won medals”.
The day will begin with a Holy Mass at 10 pm and a Procession at 1:00 pm.
Because since November last year, he and the people have already sent a letter to the government that until it can be resolved, there should be no land survey or boundary crossing. It is from Assam and Meghalaya.
In the incident, the driver of the truck, whose name and address have not been confirmed, sustained serious head injuries.
Another leader, who used to hold the post of Publicity Secretary, said that they had taken the matter to the Central Executive Committee of the party but the matter had not come to fruition.
On the other hand, the government should also send people to go to the fish farms across the state and to inspect the fish so that there will be peace.
Police have urged all vehicles to respect the traffic rules and refrain from parking in prohibited areas to avoid problems.
From Nongstoiñ to Nonglang it is 45 kilometers, but from Rambrai to Nonglang it is only about 100 kilometers.
On the other hand, the party regarding the receipt of voter lists, the family members of the DC have expressed their strong opposition and questioned on what basis and on what law if The child is the DC of the family and the parents are also DCs.
The issue of the presence of insurgents on the border especially those who have been able to cross the border into Bangladesh will also be discussed the next day.
He also urged the youth of Jaintia Hills to turn to their own business and stand on their own feet (Entrepreneurship) and not just expect too much from the government.
“As we have trained him physically and mentally, we expect him to win this tournament,” said Rishanlang.
He said that as the youth of the area, they should use their talents properly so that they can rise to higher levels and not just end up in the country. but to be able to lead to other districts.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has seized T.3,439 crore from across the country in the preparation for the Lok Sabha elections. get money.
Advisor to the Government of Meghalaya, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA, who has experience in the field of sports through his involvement with Langsning FC, in the SSA and as former Minister of Sports & Youth Affairs, elected as the new President.
He said that the union has lodged a complaint with the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of SWKH but they have not received any reply.
The birth rate has been declining sharply in various countries of the world and this time, the birth rate has been the lowest in 60 years in the country or which is 6.77 percent per 1,000 inhabitants.
Pope Paul XI, whose real name was Achilles Ambrogio Damiano, was the first Head of State of the Vatican Empire.
Luton Town opened the scoring through Jordan Clark in the 23rd minute but Coventry's Gustavo Hamer equalized in the 66th minute. and until the end of the game, at 90 minutes or even after 120 minutes there were no winners.
Furthermore, Western Ground Parrots can also be found in the Cape Arid National Park and New Zealand Nature Reserve in Western Australia.
People can also travel in their own vehicles, but they must have a driver and two passengers.
Vadra had to suspend her election campaign programs for three days in Assam, Kerala and Tamil Nadu.
It is said that this is one of the Bibles that the people love to read.
On further investigation from Village Secretary Shri Benediction Buam expressed that they are shocked to see those BGB just came and ordered to stop the work immediately.
He said that the Dorbar Shnongs, Sengbhalang and he as an MLA have submitted a petition to the government to improve and upgrade the sub-centres to PHCs and Sub-centres but nothing has been done so far. .
Up to 17 members of these two organizations donated blood.
There are proper steps adopted in this process and the role of the beneficiaries, employees and all the stakeholders in this process are clearly mentioned.
This program was conducted as part of the Civic Action Program at Kuliang village in East Jaintia Hills district.
He sent his men to kill Thomas Jones and escaped to Calcutta.
During his visit, he will listen to the speech of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem against the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma.
The three clubs that qualified for the final round of the tournament are Ambernath United, Delhi FC, FC Bengaluru United, United Sports Club and Shillong Lajong FC. placed team after beating East Bengal FC Reserves in the first leg of the tournament held here on 29th June.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the Association, Bah Demingstar Larngap.
The Puja festival started today and there are 62 places designated for the Puja festival in the city, but there are many places which are empty compared to previous years.
When asked whether Sawkmie would have the desire to join the TMC when the time comes, Sawkmie denied joining the TMC party. “I don't know if the TMC party has a future in the state, this party has appeared for a while, but this party will disappear after the election”.
"The marriage between a Khasi man and a Khasi woman of adult age is a “Riti," but the marriage between a man and another man or one woman and another woman is not a “Riti. it is the “Dustur” created by men and the laws that are based on humanity.
Therefore, because, we can choose the word that we understand.
“It is the Congress party that has ignited the protests against the Citizenship Act in the North East,” he said. , they are completely correct.
The Jaintia chiefs since before the arrival of the British were good at making weapons such as the Ram-shangki, the tynsah, the ground, the bakhor and others.
At the meeting, it was informed that the Vice Chancellor has lodged a complaint at Tura Police Station on the 14th of this month, and these groups have placed their trust in the law enforcement agencies to take responsibility. by conducting a thorough investigation into the recent incident.
On the 16th of Shanborlang, he had beaten Adil Rajesh Kumar Singh, an international boxer from Mumbai, but even he had not been able to beat him. Shanborlang and passed through the decision of the judges.
We have been waiting for the Ram Temple for 100 years and we want our children to come into the world on that day,” said some women who are preparing to give birth.
The hospital with a capacity of 200 beds was inaugurated by Bah AL Hek, Minister of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary, Government of Meghalaya and the owner of the hospital as the chief guest. Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang Constituency, Dr. Aman Warr, Retired DHS, Rangbah Shnong of Mawsmai and other dignitaries.
In the 78th minute, Rangdajied United FC had to play with only 10 players after Aibiangmame Nengnong received two yellow cards and was sent off.
On the same day, the Garo and GSU people burnt mombati at Rajabagan in Byrnihat, and offered a special prayer for the souls of these two men who lost their precious souls. They also carried placards and slogans to condemn the death which has shocked the people of the state. They also carried slogans and demanded that the authorities should conduct an inquiry into the death. Find out all the facts about the divorce of these two.
In the judgment, it was also said that there has been an expression of regret against such illegal collections of money from shopkeepers, entrepreneurs or others on the basis of requests for donations or others which have intimidated the shop owners of various businesses.
In a statement sent by the Secretary, the ABCD apologizes to all the schools who took part in the Inter School Sports Meet and Independence Day Celebration which was held from the 13th to the 15th of this month. he recognizes shortcomings and mistakes in all respects.
On the other hand, the union said that if the union does not comply with the provisions of the law, it will not hesitate to take strong measures.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that the NPP welcomes former Mawsynram MLA Bah HM Shangpliang to the party. He has been working hard in his work, who has always taken the issues of the people in the state and his joining today will strengthen the NPP to carry forward the party's objectives in the state.
The Apostle Paul, one of the "saints" by the grace of God, who was a preacher to the Gentiles, says, Ephesians 3:9-1
If the Niangleng River and other large wells and reservoirs that supply our drinking water are attacked by quarrymen, isn't that a danger to us? Where else will we get water if these streams, ponds and wells are destroyed? In the past four years, we have seen that the CM has been forcibly implementing the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme. to bring drinking water to every household.
Jowai, Jymmang 12: Several boys today found the clothes of a man along with the skull and bones of a man in a sanium area, Dulong Pohhali, Jowai. .
If we look at the creatures of nature, it is clearer to understand the structure of the thangrei, but if we look at the goods or objects created by man, the basis comes the same way to compare according to the words.
According to Bah C Kharmudai, Executive Engineer Central Division, the 3 kilometer road will be completed before Christmas. the road continues.
Instead, we put Deshdroh.
The two Congress MDCs were welcomed to the new NPP headquarters by the President of JHD, Octowot Lamin, other party leaders in the presence of NPP MLAs and MDCs. NPP: There will be a special welcome ceremony for these two MDCs but the date will not be fixed later.
From that time on, Bah Dabit became happy and when he went to school in Mawthengkut, he passed well.
During this month, various programs were conducted on how to prevent and avoid accidents.
Nagen General Secretary of the Northeast Zonal Karate-Do Association, Sensei Savan ARC and Indian Karate-Do coaches attended the meeting held today at Madanrting Indoor Hall. The Zonal North East Karate-Do Championship will be held on the 20th and 21st of June
“Within three months we will inform the government to implement our demands,” said Bah Aristotle C Rymbai, Working President of Meghalaya SSA at the meeting.
He said the loss of one's own life is a terrible thing and urged the residents to consult doctors and other advisors if they encounter any problems regarding the disease. it is with the mind.
The shops were closed by Salim Uddin, Taj Uddin Chaudhury, Badrul Haque, Muksul Alam, Sabut Das, Dipok Thakur, Abdul Jalial Chaudhury, Safikur Rahman, Anita Bala Das, Depak Thakur, Shomim Uddin and Lakhi Rani Suklabaidya. , and Amaz Uddin Barbhaya.
Speaking to media, Himanta said the talks were just a meeting, because he came to Shillong, but it is not a scheduled talk yet, and there will be a meeting soon on this.
I am very grateful because I have received many examples and lessons that I have learned so far.
However, the only thing that we as students regret is the lack of a proper playground, because the playground we have now is small and crowded if we play with school children, it is a problem. great that we play in a small arena, because as it stands we have about 310 boys.
Sati Raja Memorial Secondary School was founded in 2004 by Bah OB Ranee (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei) who is also the leader of RAWA to spread education to the people. Umsning area which has produced many sportsmen and women as well as children who have passed well from this school.
On the other hand, he said the party will meet on Monday to discuss the resignation of the UDP MDCs if the state government forcibly appoints an Administrator in the KHADC. “On Thursday, all the MDCs demanded the dissolution of the Iing Dorbar and the holding of elections if an administrator is established,” said Bah Dkhar.
In the NEP, children who write in English such as Nagas, Mizos, Pnar Khasi and those in the South will be able to speak their mother tongue.
The FIR has been registered at the Crime Branch Police Station and the investigation is being supervised by the DIG Eastern Range.
Rupang spoke to Sanbor Shullai, Khliehriat on the day he came to campaign and explain to the public his position as the BJP candidate. Sanbor is the MLA of Shillong South and Sanbor Shullai: Bah Shullai: What is the reason why you were elected as the candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency? Sanbor Shullai: It is not the reason, it is the decision of the party. I would like to congratulate the party especially the President for sending my name to Delhi and the BJP party in Delhi under the leadership of Amit Shah. I have to obey the party's orders and decide to contest the 2019 election.
Ksohlangki Rymbai (12), Rikenson Suting (44) and Lalthakuma Ngaite (62) scored the goals.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnongs expressed their gratitude to the Ladrymbai OP for convening this meeting and there is a close relationship between the Police and the Village Leaders.
He said that to achieve this it is through the hard work of the farmers especially the women and youth of the state that the state will become a developed state in all aspects especially in terms of economic growth and at the same time it will become It is also an example for other states in the country.
“We have seen many statements including from the Prime Minister and others that if the freight railway is introduced it will increase the price of commodities and also help the farmers.
Speaking to media, after leaving Prestone's office, the General Secretary of the HNYF East Khasi Hills, Bah Donlang Nongbri, said that the meeting was to request the Minister to look into the issue. These local contractors will be re-employed when a new tender is called so that their expenditure on the construction of this road will not be in vain.
However, what they have done is to end all hopes that we will get a Prime Minister from the Khasi community by confirming that out of the 24 seats in Garo Hills, 18 seats have gone to the NPP. “I don't have any opinion on this but we have produced all the opinions,” he said.
The bands will be led by Bah Shibor Mawkon, one of the prominent musicians in the North East and in the state as well.
Dr. Pariong is a former MLA of Pariong Constituency before the division of the constituency.
We must not forget the work of Robert Raikes for the reform and improvement of prisons and prisoners.
Shillong, Naitung 7: U Morningstar Lyngdoh, Lait Mynsaw, Mattilang Park, Nong Pyur, today conducted a search operation for the arrest of Morningstar Lyngdoh, who is suspected to be a robber. he killed his wife with a sword in his neck.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has sent a petition to the President Pranab Mukherjee and the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh through the Governors of the North Eastern States of India to ensure that the investigation into the The killing and persecution of the people of this region must be addressed and justice must prevail.
Twenty matches were played on the day, which was organized by the Tata Trusts, the Meghalaya Football Association and the All India Football Federation.
“We have temporarily suspended the strike in respect of the decision of MeECL to extend the results for another six months,” said KHNAM-Youth Wing President Thomas Passah.
We must save these Dorbars so that they will be responsible for the good governance of the Government and the work of the MLA or MDC we have elected.
Blenty Dkhar, daughter of (L) Kilba Dkhar, resident of Lumpyrdi, Khliehtyrshi, passed away on 28/10/2020 at 4:30 am.
Other speakers who spoke later were Bah SDhar, Minister of PWD and Kong R Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat.
He said the Government has a commitment to make the state free from illegal immigration by the end of 2025, where 1,10,240 toilets will be constructed for the 1553 beneficiaries under the PMAY scheme. The Minister said that the Government intends to set up other outlets and other measures to reduce the use of plastic across the state.
After 2 hours of eating at 10:30 pm, they ate a water melon.
The idea of ​​marriage between husband and wife for life is a Christian idea, you don't find this idea among Hindus, Jews, Islam, Buddhists and others.
“The land required for the construction of the second pumping station to pump water from the river to the treatment plant is about 2-3 hectares.
Conrad said that such an arrangement by the NTA has deprived the students of Meghalaya of the opportunity to continue their studies at Central Universities across the country.
Shillong, Naitung 21: Three persons were injured when a Maruti 800 taxi collided with a truck at Kynshi village, West Khasi Hills.
Speaking to reporters, Process said, “I will ask these issues in the Assembly so that the people can get clarity from the government.
When I read the article by the VPP Leader – Dr. Batskhem Myrboh in the newspaper 'Mawphor' on July 2, 2023, it was clear that the Population Structure has changed. The Garo community accounts for only 30%, while the unemployment rate has increased to 40%.
When they ask me why I have to leave the post of MLA, it is for Ranikor,” said Danggo.
These include the Assembly Constituencies of Mowkaiaw and Nartiang.
Before the launch, a meeting was held by the Asst Rangbah Shnong, Bah SB Lynser.
Furthermore, the residents and office bearers of these organizations have strongly condemned the district authorities for not being able to suspend even though the residents have demanded to suspend immediately until they have given a public explanation or the hearing, before making any landmark decisions.
“The Meghalaya Youth Empowerment Card will be a true source of empowerment as it will remind us how many jobs we will create.
Although these two schools are owned by the government, and it is the duty of the government authorities to take care of them, the government is blind. The burden of the people of the nation and especially the main foundation to overcome the problems in education, when it sees such problems of schools, it cannot help but tynrong hi in its own. to help alleviate the suffering of students and teachers.
It has also warned that whether it is the Khasi or other ethnic groups, those who come to live in the country will be punished by the party, he added.
They demanded that instead of this project, other development projects should be constructed which will not affect the environment of the Umngot River and the livelihood and income of the residents affected by this project from East Khasi Hill and West Jaintia Hills. .
All participants received participation certificates.
In North Garo Hills, no new cases have been reported.
There are reports that the militant may be in Pakistan, Afghanistan or Iran, but he has been arrested and imprisoned at his home.
U Bah Metbah said that in the Mairang Constituency, there are many people who say that if he fights alone, he will lose but he said that if he fights alone, three or four people, he needs to win. preparation in advance and in the election campaign no one can set rules and as candidates candidates should be ready to prepare.
It is to be recalled that Bah Bless was arrested on the night of 30th March 2023 from Pohkseh.
On the issue of employment, the group pledged to take care of the implementation of the 44% job quota policy for Group C & D jobs in Central Government offices and workplaces, as well as 100 per cent employment of indigenous people for contract jobs in Government enterprises and employment in private companies.
“If there is a violation of these laws and regulations, the license of those registered producers or collectors may be revoked.
On Sunday, several incidents occurred in many parts of West Bengal, where robbers were reported to have been arrested. to identify those who attacked opposition candidates while they were on their way to register for the Panchayat elections.
Police conducted a search operation in Nongsning village on the NH-06 and conducted a search operation on all vehicles coming from Lumshnong area.
All these speakers urged the people to allow the MDA candidate Dr Jemino Mawthoh to become the MP of the party in the Parliament this time and to break the Congress, which has won for a long time. the state but which did not react to the problems of the nation.
He won the medal in the 60m recurve division in the Sub-Junior Boys event which was held on Tuesday at the Sports Authority of India, Training Centre. Shillong.
It was reported that some of the beneficiaries had been struggling for a while, until the King of Hima refused to answer.
There will be a question and answer session, a memorial service for the deceased MDCs and an official report.
Others who were present on the occasion were Ritu Raj Bhagwati, International Judge John F. Kharshiing, SAM President Davis NR Marak, SAM Vice President Niel Sooting, SAM General Secretary Nicholas J. Forest and others.
On this occasion, Bah Bormanding Nonglang was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Fourteenson Lyngkhoi as the chief guest and other dignitaries. part of the distribution of prizes to the winners.
In the past few months, in April, the river has turned blue, the fish have died and the union has lodged a complaint at the Lumshnong Police Station, but no report has been received yet. the police department.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly, VPP MLA from North-Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday expressed his concern over the decline in tuition fees in private schools. it is the parents of the children.
Have our engineers not been trained how to protect roads and bridges from water damage? What degree do you have after graduation when you see many roads that don't even have a road? Many times we see that not only the rainwater but also the sewage from the houses of the people flows into the road.
The tournament was inaugurated by Ma Rilamki Dkhar as the chief guest and Ma Kyrshan Blah as the symbud chief guest.
The team, except for the players on standby, will leave the state for Mumbai on 30th March.
In Delhi, the number of cases has risen to 1,513, bringing the total number of cases to 23,000 and the death toll to
Who can be blamed for the backwardness of the villages in the 11 districts of the State in the past 50 years?
The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) through its Education Cell has awarded 10 students who have passed the HSSLC and SSLC examinations. The meeting was chaired by JSM Vice President Skemborlang Dkhar.
“This is because many MPs who have left the BJP have expressed their reluctance to contest at this time,” he said.
This land and this Nan belongs to the Kur Dkhar Jowai but by mutual understanding and with the promise of care and cleaning they have handed over to the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District.
Up to 50 people to be seen was a great shame for him.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 12: In response to a complaint received from the residents of Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District, regarding the smoke from a Mawit Factory, which is located in the area; Leaders of FKJGP, Byrnihat Circle, together with the village leaders and villagers, on Saturday met with the Director of the company, to find out the reason for the incident. and they brought forth a great plague, and troubled the people.
The program was also conducted as part of the efforts to introduce more important proposals through East Khasi Hills district as the implementation of the PMEGP scheme by the state is very low in the country as a whole.
The Eighth Schedule is part of the Constitution of India, which deals specifically with language.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has approved the Amendment Rules, 2023 which has increased the age limit for employment in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to 37 years. The CEM, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that this decision is in compliance with the decision of the State Government to extend the age of employment to 37 years, as previously the age of employment was up to 32 years old.
Jigame added that after Richard was arrested, she was not told the reason for his arrest.
Regarding these allegations, Pearly Mary Kurkalang, Divisional Branch Manager, together with the Head of Branch, denied the allegation. Initially, the management of the company has already explained to the students who intend to join the job and has also explained what Maxwell is and how it works. The company is not a fraudulent company, but has been recognized by the government.
Other states and countries in the world are developing because they don't have factories or industries, which create jobs, but the rivers and streams are not polluted or affected because they don't have enough waste disposal sites according to the times. now.
The Philippines has stepped up security at several airports following reports of bomb attacks on flights leaving Manila, including some. tourist attractions of the country.
"“How can you say, sir?
While alive and strong, man doesn't imagine such a life and most of the time it is human nature that man forgets how he lives, walks, stands, works and touches with his strength and power. feel that this world is yours.
However, on the other hand, it was reported that the land dealers in four parts of Shillong were shocked by the summons to appear before the office of the District Urban Planner Shillong regarding the land dealers and the decision of the house. judgment of the Meghalaya High Court.
On the statement by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on the Roster System, he said that there is no need to convene a special session, but the Government will convene the Cabinet meeting and the meeting. of all party meetings to discuss this issue.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The incident which happened on the 12th of Nailar, 2014, which resulted in injuries in the shooting, which happened in two villages of Mawlongbna and Thyllaw, is still unclear. Where is the place where the incident happened?
The first meeting of the Board of Governors was held on 14th July 2022 chaired by the Minister of Education,” he added.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titostarwell Chyne, today said that the Council will send directives to all the members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Banks should not request card cards from the Dorbar Shnongs.
Abhijit Basumatary alleged that the corruption started in
The union has met with the BDO Mawphlang to request to expedite the assistance to the farmers.
Speaking on the joining of Bah Batskhem to the NPP on 25th July 2024, she said don't doubt your joining the NPP because the NPP will be the party that will lead you forward. .
The Lok Sabha elections will be held next year, which will be held in just a few months.
The Messiah of the Jews or Jesus Christ will once again enter this Golden Gate not to be crucified but to come as King of kings and rule for 1000 years here on earth.
Now to announce that this or that forest will become a reserve forest, sanctuary or so on is no longer like the French rule.
Conrad said the State Government plans to have about 50 of these vehicles within the 2023-2024 fiscal year, and within three years, if the income is sufficient and can provide services, the vehicles will be increased to 250 copies.
Mawkyrwat, July 02: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) of Sawsymper Circle today congratulated one of the students who has reached the highest goal. awarded with the gift of a laptop.
“I hope that in the coming months, the Prime Minister will call and we will get a solution,” he said.
The Dorbar Shnong Mynso B, on behalf of the 4 families of those 6 persons who died, and on behalf of those families of those who were injured, sends its congratulations to all those who helped in this This is a tragic incident for the village, even if we cannot mention all the names.
On the other hand, the Advocate-General said that the government has arrested the right people and the government has taken necessary measures in collaboration with the Assam Police as many of those kingpins can operate. I am from outside the state of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh praised Bah Hamletsong Dohling for being a man who has worked hard to bring about development in his constituency.
Thus he designed and shaped in his wisdom to include the Khasi Hills along with the three States in North East India in the Sixth Schedules to this day.
“Ka KSU clearly states that they should not threaten or harass the Khasi residents in Block-I, because if they start, the KSU will not listen, but will take its responsibility and will take responsibility. he added.
Roipar said that the management should pay 8 hours and 4 hours of overtime according to their rights because since the beginning until now they have not been paid. three goals per and overtime.
This will help us to become a developed country by
The HYC has burnt down all the drugs seized at the same place in Upper Mawprem in front of the drug users.
Besides, the SPC would like to remind Bah Ardent that the good results of the VPP in the last elections came from the contribution of the media which spread the news on all the media outlets.
When asked by the Umroi MLA why the government has canceled the soskular with the KPC Group, the Minister said that the land is one of the issues of disagreement.
Edible seeds : These include pathaw and Nei seeds which are rich in tyrosine, as well as tiewsngi seeds which are very beneficial for the brain.
According to him, he is in the flyweight 56kg category and has fought against wrestlers from Nagaland and Uttarakhand.
The KSU Investigation Committee, which includes Reallystar Nongspung Chairman of the Environment and Cultural Protection Cell and Forwardman Nongrem Secretary, said that after investigating the film, they found that the film is immoral. selfish and inappropriate to society, especially from a family perspective.
Can you get the latest news from West Khasi Hills?
The residents of the village said that even the medicines are not available at the dispensary and on the same day the union also visited the Hindustan Petroleum Liquid Gas Center at Barato village and found that the dispensary is closed. It has turned into a cow shelter and has been left lyngkrang without being used for many years.
The Parliamentary Party (PP) of the VPP through its Secretary, Bah HS Kharpran, MLA Mawryngkneng, has written to the Speaker, Thomas Sangma to extend the session for a few days.
In the Premier A, Mawlyndep SC beat Mawutieng SC 2-0 in the final of the IXth Sohryngkham Football Premier League Sports and Cultural Club.
On the other hand, these children who received the assistance together with their families expressed their gratitude to Bah PT Sawkmie for although he is no longer the leader but he continues to support them in any field. when they are needed.
In Ri-Bhoi, DD Lapang from Nongpoh, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh from Umsning, George Lyngdoh from Umroi, Charles Marngar from Mawhati and Jirang have not been named.
Referring to the 10th Anniversary of the NPP, Ma Wailadmiki recalled that the party was first formed in West Jaintia at the house of Kong Phidalia Toi and from there the party started its journey.
In childhood (as soon as we see the tyngab) we are quick to criticize the khoh and kynkok-dumok by shouting “the tyngab is lying to God, it is covered with a khiew ranei
The Government has taken all the necessary measures at the right times.
“If I am re-elected as MDC of the area, I will try to improve the Empowerment of Village Leaders Act,” said Thombor. the opportunity to carry out development works within the boundaries of the council.
Don't be afraid of Israel, for you too will be afraid.
The Roster System and Reservation Policy has stirred up the minds of the people of the Khasi, Pnar, Bhoi, War and Lyngngam.
Shillong: Two leaders, Bah Titos W Chyne and Bah Ryngkatlang Lyndem, have urged their supporters and office bearers to work hard to support Dr Jemino Mawthoh in the upcoming MP elections. The supporters and office bearers unanimously trust these leaders.
The Government has amended the Technical University Act to convert it into a State University so that the Colleges of the State can merge.
When asked about the progress of the construction of the Central Jail, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “This is the ongoing work.
After they had sat down for a while, my mother went to the kitchen to prepare food for them.
This was stated in the party's election manifesto released today in Shillong.
“Despite the overcrowding and differences with other ethnic groups, we have been united and have endured until we reached the milestone of the 75th anniversary of India,” said Bah Lyngwa.
Romeo died on Tuesday while making love to a woman at his residence in Pradella, Rimini.
He said that what is the danger to them if they are employed by children, if they are girls, they can face being raped and other abuse even to the point of leading to they do not harm.
Damanbha Chyne of Ri Bhoi United Football Club scored the first goal for the team in the 8th minute after H.Naoba. Damanbha scored the second goal for Ri Bhoi United in the 62nd minute.
In this world, as human beings, we face many challenges and especially trials.
Let us look at some of them below and we can ask questions in 3 (three) parts: How it began: The beginning we can understand from the Book of Genesis how Satan tempted these creatures to first, Adam and Eve.
More than 5.24 lakh Village Water and Sanitation Committees (VWSCs) have been established and more than 5.12 lakh Village Action Plans have been prepared under the Jal Jeevan Mission to monitor, manage and maintain resources. related to water supply.
The HNLC also alleged that the people themselves are aware of the work of Ampareen in the field of foreign employment and especially the black market.
“As a youth of the village and the area, he doesn't want to promise heaven and earth as the previous leaders have promised and when he wins again they don't do anything,” said Dr. Evarist Myrsing. He also came out to contest from the BJP party because of the need to support the people and if the people themselves are ready to win he is ready to work for the people and bring about change especially in the neglect of the people. public on the street side.
On 22nd November 2022, six persons including an Assam Forest Guard and five Mukroh residents were killed in a shooting incident by Assam Police in Mukroh.
In the Second Amendment, Article 19 states, 'In order to preserve the uniqueness of the Shnong, to strengthen the Khasi Culture and Tradition, the Shnong shall Non Tribals are allowed to marry and if found doing so, they will be punished by exclusion from society, and they will lose their assistance. Sonapyrdi Village Secretary, Sonapyrdi Village Secretary, said in a statement.
He said that this place on Jail Road was donated by the British Government in 1914, to the Jail Road Society Hall.
Then he named some of the people who have fallen into alcoholism because of the political struggle.
In the Under-16 Boy Single category, Aebhami Bareh beat Lechan Suchiang 21-16 and 21-1
It has become evident to the whole world that economic development in this neo-liberal era is incomplete and in the name of economic development corruption is rampant in every sphere of life.
There were no opposition candidates including four BJP MDCs. The election of the new Chairman was held in the afternoon and the Deputy Chairman announced that Finelynes Bareh has won. happily without anyone opposing.
Following the shooting incident at Mukroh, on the Meghalaya-Assam border on 22nd November, 2022, the Assam Police have advised the residents of Assam to stop before traveling to Meghalaya.
Saimi Rymbai was elected as President, Esterwell Kharsyntiew as Secretary, Timmy Ryngkhlem as Chairman, 100 Executive Members and more than 900 members. In the presence of former CEM of JHADC MB Rymbai, Assistant Waheh Shnong, elders, parents, youth, women and men.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of Shillong has imposed a curfew from 8 pm on 15th July 2021 following riots in some parts of Shillong. The curfew has been extended for another 24 hours until 5 pm on the 17th of July 2021, but today the DC's office has decided to extend the curfew for another 24 hours. January 2021 at 5 pm.
In her affidavit, Bauri said she is the mother of three children and owns property worth T.31,985, while her husband owns property worth T.31,9 which costs T.30,3
The incident happened on 8th June while the girl was buying slippers at their shop, which is located in a market area in East Jaintia Hills District.
Avinash Rai bowled well for 27 runs in 11 overs, Angkit Ta for 2/42 in 24 overs and Shavian Blah for 2/4 in the 17th over.
Education secretary: Ededisuk Shylla 18.
However, it was said that despite attempts to treat her here in Shillong, she became ill and said that the disease has worsened and the producer of the film Ritesh Sidhwani has ordered her to leave. treatment in Mumbai.
“Once again the Union reminds and requests you the people who are the right hand and the left hand in this struggle for the country and the nation to come together once again on the 5th November Stand in front of the gate of the Main Secretariat,” said the statement.
“We cannot transport by the Society, because we don't have a licence, and we have to ask for help from others, because as you know, the Khasi are the last,” said Mary June.
The toilet should be separate.
There are 2900 registered persons in other states of the North East and about 1600 in Assam and others in other parts of the country. The registration is ongoing and they can still register themselves, he said.
The FKJGP leaders said that as of now, the FKJGP understands that any tender issued by government departments, such as Water Resources, PWD, PHE and others, the It has just been done, but in fact it has been done properly, because the contractors don't have any relationship or recognition with the authorities, which means that they don't get jobs for the work, because all Regarding the complaint by these contractors in Ri Bhoi, the union has decided to investigate to find out the truth and if they find that the allegation by the contractors does not is true, which means that the organization will take strict action.
The schools will not be opened.
Nusrat Jahan won from Basirhat constituency in West Bengal on the Trinamool Congress ticket with 3.5 lakh votes.
When asked why they had to stand on the road to check the movement of trucks, Surong said that according to the The order has been issued to ensure that all coal trucks should have a Challan, and trucks without a Challan will not be allowed to travel for the purpose of transporting coal. The order will last until the 13th of this month.
On this occasion, Kong Elizebeth Shylla was also honored for her selfless assistance to those in need during the lockdown due to the outbreak of COVID-1
This meeting was also part of the promotion of agriculture by the farmers, who have planted their crops without the use of pesticides which is called organic vegetables. Farmers from different villages of Southwest Khasi Hills District and West Khasi Hills District brought to sell many kinds of jhur, jhep, soh and pai on this day.
M.Sohtun said that the government should take responsibility if any incident affects the peace and order in the state because the government has not taken action on this issue even after many warnings. on the part of the party MLAs in the House and also the opposition from various parties.
Nongstoin: Shakhambari Ferro Alloy Pvt Ltd (Shakhambari Ferro Alloy Pvt Ltd) has dumped fly ash into the river at Riwiang WKHD. along the river below the factory.
In the Women's Under-17 category, Umthli SS beat Unitarian HSS Puriang 11-0
Sadly, they blame Umlyngka village.
These are the words asked by one of the two angels when the angel of God asked Jesus.
However, no matter how strong we are, a smile can overcome all those difficulties.
Shillong: Ka ACHIK has held a protest to demand the move of the state capital to Tura during the rainy season.
Portugal goalkeeper Raphael Guerreiro scored the first goal in the third minute before Ronaldo scored.
It is worth mentioning that recently the government through the district authorities of Ri-Bhoi District had closed down the weighbridge at Umling, but now the government has decided to close down the weighbridge at Umling. ground floor of the DTO office, Nongpoh and on this day, signs of the start of implementation, after the government has brought in the authorities to implement the weighbridge.
This is according to a statement sent by the Secretary of the Alumni Association of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, PBS Nongrem.
During this visit, it was seen that the two fell in love and Prime Minister Modi also invited the Pope to come to India,” he said.
Up to 207 people came for treatment on that day.
Dexterity: you must be able to work very carefully.
“He said that besides the cow slaughter, there is a strong desire to show off, where in the past football has not been played, but these days as the Dolloi of the elaka, by the decision of the dorbar, football tournament has been held. the first day.
Speaking to media, Bah Mawrie said he has found that after working and walking in the constituency, he has seen that there are many shortcomings in which he has faced. He said that he has seen the needs and shortcomings of the constituency and after deciding to contest from this constituency, he said that he has many goals. and if the people like him, he has many things to do for the people.
The meeting was attended by BJP National Executive Member Sumietra Laloo, Asomi Borah Leader, State President of Women's Affairs Unis Khyriem, former Jaïaw MDC Martamlin Pyrbot. , BJYM General Secretary Dapkupar Nongrum, Shillong City Convenor Ashok Sharma, Moses Bareh, Prosenjit Mandal, Dolan Chakrabarty, Naren Sharma, Dropti Devi and other other.
You can call us, you can tell us, because we know clearly what the MDA government (2.0) is doing.
Speaking to media, the CEM said that during this time of curfew, in order to curb the spread of Covid-19, the leaders have the The same is true of the people who are facing this problem.
However, he said that the exact date will be submitted to the Special Committee for discussion and will be announced publicly.
Ukraine's military chief said that overnight, Russia sent about 32 drones to attack the city, of which Ukrainian forces shot down 25 drones. .
Every year on the 21st of October, Police Commemoration Day is celebrated to commemorate the policemen who have sacrificed their lives in the performance of their duties.
Health experts tell us that the healing and physical properties of rice are carbohydrates, calcium, iron, prevention of high blood pressure, diabetes, blood disease. Pressure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, heart disease, weight loss and others.
With this goal in the final match on June 23, 2022, Lamare FC became the first winner of the tournament organized by Seng Samla Smit Pyllun and Smit Sports Club today. year.
God gave Himself the authority after He had created the heavens and the earth.
Remember that all elections are not held.
The SP of West Khasi Hills, S.Nongtnger, said that the five persons arrested by the Shallang Police Station include Subri D Marak, 45, of Awekgittim, Hubath R Sangma, Jalim R Sangma of Songsak village, Binik R Sangma of Nengchigre village, Mendra R Sangma of Nengchigre village, Romeo R Marak of Wathegre village, Salki Ch Sdangma of Rongkhugre village and Takil A Sangma of Jujisil village.
However, when they tried to register at the house of the Waheh Shnong, he said that they don't have any names in the village and all four households have already been expelled from the village. Linda has questioned whether the Waheh Shnong has the right to do this.
The Director in her speech said that the Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) Jaintia Hills has chosen to implement the project in Umjalasiaw village because this village is suitable for the implementation of the project.
The High Court has taken up the case after Bah Cherubin Thongni filed a PIL against the state government for delaying the mid-term MDC elections in six constituencies of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. (KHADC) although it has been more than 10 months since the MDCs resigned.
“Every time we talk, they say we will look into it, but the problem is that every three years the army officers change and it takes time, we have talked about this. “It was during the time when Bah Pynshai M Syiem was the leader,” said Bah Thangkhiew.
Another part is that his wife has a connection in Meghalaya and he knows that there are District Councils who have the power so he wants to understand their power and what they do. This was discussed in a meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Shillong: The Karbi Students Association (KSA) and the Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) have set up a committee to bring peace in the border villages of Khanduli. the Karbi who live on the border.
Speaking on the occasion, Ampareen appealed to the residents of Nartiang and Jowai to vote for her in the upcoming Lok Sabha MP election.
She said that any collection of funds throughout East Khasi Hills without prior permission from the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills or other government authorities, is illegal. -law.
“If you say that it is necessary to leave the party and the shap, I am afraid that it will affect the future of our politics and it will be like suicide,” said Bah Banteidor.
The CSWO demanded that the police should arrest the suspect and the driver immediately, otherwise it will take strong action.
Tel Aviv: Israel today announced that it will completely ban the smuggling of food and beverages and oil to Gaza.
Regarding this incident, the union strongly condemns the police and magistrates involved in this incident, the union demands that the government should temporarily suspend all police officers, police langrut and also to the magistrates who were directly and indirectly involved in this countless killings.
The distribution of condoms has started since 20th June
She also complained that it is a great loss because many of the flowers, plants and insects, ksiah, thapbalieh-thapbalong which are abundant in the hills of Sohra have disappeared over the years due to the. there is too much spreading.
To say that the Khasi does not have the ability to trade is merely a joke, a joke of those who look at the Ïitkhmih sop-pring; instead of cleansing the pring, they blame the Ïitkhmih.
When the poor don't have enough food and when they turn to the Government for assistance, we see the comparison between the poor and the rich and the claim that they are to reduce meat consumption, eat only ja and jhur.
The three-day festival will conclude with a performance of culture, traditional songs and traditional food of the North East on Sunday.
Those who do not have cards can apply for their cards through these centers but have to pay 100 tyngka as paper and printing fee.
Then gold and silver will become more valuable.
This writing of mine may be confused by my friends who still lack understanding.
HANM has sent a letter to the Magistrate and talked to him. Pasah said that this road has already been enforced under Section 144 and the department has not allowed it to pass. HANM North West Khasi Hills and HANM Western Zone Ri Bhoi District have found that the vehicles carrying goods such as coal or timber and others have been found to be carrying goods such as coal or timber. Others carrying more than 90 tonnes have started passing through the NEC road in the evening.
Parliament- Legislative Assembly-Ri the Legislative Assembly of the country consisting of members elected by the people in accordance with the Constitution from the States in the south of the country who lead from their respective jurisdictions and are appointed in accordance with the Constitution. Government of.
“It is unfortunate that patients have to go to private hospitals for examination because the government hospitals do not have enough equipment,” said Dr Roy.
“There were condolences from former Langsning captain Brolington Warlarpih, Donborlang Nongkynrih and former goalkeeper Eric Nongkhlaw.
It has been clearly shown that today’s problems do not remain confined within countries.
When we started this work, it was difficult for us to move forward, because of many difficulties, we just tried to work hard and hope for the best to reach the goal.
The union has also sent a complaint to the CEM of GHADC, Albinush Marak, who has promised to take action.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Police have arrested a member of the National Democratic Front (NDFB) in Shillong this morning.
There have also been allegations by some leaders that the protest to demand a new leadership has been instigated by the BJP; However, this ended after talks between party leaders Rahul Gandhi and Kapil Sibal as well as Ghulam Nabi Azad.
The Prime Minister in his speech pointed out the great role of educational institutions in the development of human intelligence and said that the country can develop only through the development of its people.
A short meeting was conducted by the Waheh Shnong Shiwa Siangshai.
All the ten were waiting together for the hour of the bridegroom's arrival.
In South Korea, the sale of chicken meat has been banned for 48 hours to prevent the spread of the disease, while in Japan, the treatment of infected chickens in various parts of the country has been banned. in Ri.
Please take care of yourself, until you are complete, because until today's encouraging announcement, we don't want to be stingy.
Who will appoint academics teachers, vocational teachers and instructors in colleges? Who will appoint staff especially in large cluster colleges? Where will the funds come from to build classrooms and other facilities? Should we trust the state government which only has to fight for the rightful salaries of teachers and scholarships for the children? Should we trust the state government which cannot control the colleges that have removed the sanctioned posts that have retired and replace them with college posts? Why don't the government and NEHU think about this? Isn't it true that those who decide this are not the ones who have to teach or work in colleges, while they expect others to work hard just to please the central government and to show that they are willing to implement the policy?· Why in the NEP as a whole, the words have been forcibly changed to help the children but this policy cannot be brought to Parliament for discussion and approval, is it not because there is an unclean purpose behind it? Can we trust the government which has introduced policies like the Farm Bill, CAB, CAA, UCC and others which are intended to destroy the people and expect the same government to have a purpose? is it good through the NEP? Can we say that the NEP is different from the above policies? Can we trust the same government that has started removing history chapters from school textbooks just because they write about the history of the Mughal emperors? NEP 2020 from school to college level.
“Let us remember that women are the strength and life of the country, don't underestimate them.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah said that this social agreement is a milestone to make the North East free from violence by 2024 and achieve the Prime Minister's goal. Narendra Modi has lost a peaceful and prosperous North East.
This CD is entitled, “Without You”.
The Supreme Court in 2019 has ruled that the mining of coal should not be allowed.
Through this day, the union also had the opportunity to submit a petition to Raja Brahma as the Border Magistrate to request him to continue to provide development works through the border scheme to these villages. Raid Nongtung in Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking from the heirs of Phan Nonglait, they urged the government and district authorities to declare the day of her death as a State Holiday or District Holiday, as a sign of respect for this hero.
Referring to the Congress' struggle in 2024, Chatrath said many political parties have joined the INDIA synrop group and it is a strong group with strong leaders. radbah from different states of the country.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that the EC will work with the State Bank of India for the implementation of the allowances. payment as due.
Shillong: The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) has approved to increase the MSP of Kharif crops for the 2018-19 season.
Deputy Chief Minister: means the Symbud of the Chief Minister. the Minister shall be the Speaker of the Hima or State Legislative Assembly; The rangbah is the one who is strong and the head among the longsan.
The group also said that it wants to strengthen the performance of the shortage of employees in the GHADC, where one of the leaders of the GHADC said that at present the Council has 1200 employees. T.3 crore per month has been paid.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Chief Minister Mukul Sangma and MPCC President DD Lapang have left for Delhi to meet with AICC leaders after the Congress lost the MP elections. They will attend the Congress Working Committee meeting to be held in Delhi tomorrow.
Madhur felt that the opposition of some to show and produce Bollywood films is something shameful but on the contrary it was they who went to see the films that were sent to boycott first.
Any MPs who exceed the limits and are clever enough to disrupt the Dorbar, should be removed from their names completely and not just temporarily suspended after being allowed to correct themselves.
In anger, the farmers set three Jeeps on fire.
“However, the government has not yet paid the rent to the owners of the vehicles.
It was also found that the treatment has gone well, in which the nurses and other staff of the hospital are cooperating with the hospital management, even though they are still in trouble with their salaries.
The public service on Sunday, 12th will be held at Umshing.
However, even after paying the money, she did not receive the song and was demanded more and more money and was threatened.
If the children lose one year of education, who will be responsible? It is expected that the school should take immediate action to resolve these issues and that it should consider thoroughly before They also urged the state government to take action on the problems faced by these law students of Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Kmie, has urged all the Circles or Branches of the Seng Khasi across the country, if possible, to suspend the Shad Suk Mynsiem. or the Church.
Through the help of the people in the market, the fire was extinguished but the vehicle suffered many complaints inside the vehicle.
For Kishan Lyngdoh, this is his second season in first-class cricket.
Addl.Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah B.Jyrwa, MPS, in a short speech, gave an explanation on the provisions of the NDPS Act. Hills District, Bah T.Kyndiah, spoke and explained on the laws related to child marriage and children's rights. Domestic Violence, POCSO laws, Ms P.Dkhar spoke on laws related to those with disabilities and the rights of the elderly.
After the price revision, the new price of petrol and diesel will be increased from 96.72 to 94.72 per litre in Delhi, from 106.31 to 104.21 in Mumbai and from 106.3 to 103.94 per litre in Kolkata.
Kisan Network is a company involved in the trade of agricultural products such as rice, soybean, soybean trun, soybean, soybean, soybean, soybean and so on.
Ïoh-I Dhar scored the two goals for Mukhla in the 42nd and 70th minutes.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has directed voters to link their Electoral Photo Identity Cards (EPIC) with their Aadhaar number.
Therefore, the true meaning of Christmas is to receive the incarnation of Jesus Christ in the hearts of people.
Meanwhile, Jarain SC and Mynthning SC have not won a match this season.
In Silchar, Rajdeep Roy was removed and elected by the incumbent Minister in the Assam Government, Parimal Suklabaidya.
He said that Conrad Sangma would not be willing to count the Regional Committee headed by Renikton and Prestone.
Maurice said that once again, on 20.12.1973, Dr RS Lyngdoh brought forward a resolution clarifying that the Khasi language has complied with the requirements of the Academy. related to language recognition under Appendix-8.
About 100 teachers came to take part in the strike to protest against the state government for not listening to their demands.
Last year, goods worth $53,878.06 million were exported to India from China.
The Waheh Shnong of Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills, Bah Lasting Pala has sent a petition to the Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong to request for the upgradation of Umkiang PHC to a health center. CHC to provide better services to the residents and neighboring villages.
On the fourth day, a climb to Lum Shyllong was held to offer thanksgiving to Lei Shyllong, the Syiem of Shyllong.
Oram said that in his capacity as Minister of Tribal Affairs, he has created 270 minority groups in India and removed 40 of them and 260 of them have been allowed to correct the words they speak and the words they write.
However, five bombs were seen at Mawsngi and this shocked those who saw it.
This was announced by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma while talking to media after the Cabinet meeting today.
Speaking to reporters, Pynshngaiñ said, “From the newspapers, we have not seen that this young man who is seeking RTI is a social activist or a public servant. “I don't understand why this young man has said that he has a close relationship with the Prime Minister,” he said. “It is the job of those who do not support me in the election to criticize me but my job is to protect themselves, to seek RTI is to know. the truth but to accuse it of being misused is unfounded.
“We are all in need, why do the cement companies have to put at risk many churches in the state just for the sake of running their business,” said Khonglah.
To develop the state and the country, the government needs to pay special attention to the people in the border areas and if the government is willing to bear the burden and backwardness of the people, it will surely be The blessing to the state to be able to grow rapidly in terms of development as other states of the country have grown rapidly in terms of economic growth and income.
After that, there will be a procession from Sohra Gate to the Shrine of Don Bosco at 1 pm and other processions. honor that will follow.
Six minutes later, Madan Kynsaw scored the second goal through Leonard Passah.
The opening ceremony was attended by the youth of the village and the elderly.
The meeting was also attended by Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma, Baghmara MLA Kartush R Marak, Amlarem MLA Lahkmen Rymbui, Chief Secretary to the State Government. DP Wahlang and others.
On this occasion, there were songs from the Mawkhar Pyllun Women's Association, the Mawkhar Youth Association and other games.
The Deputy Commissioner has also set up a committee headed by Magistrates which will include the Police Department, Officers from the Shillong Municipal Board, PWD Department and other groups.
When asked, she said they will also send a letter to the MHRC demanding the appointment of another SP in place of Vivekand Sing Rathore.
Lalring Thara is from Hruaikawn village in Champhai district of Mizoram and is currently studying in Class 9 at the Rashtriya Madhyamik Education Abhiyan (RMSA) High School in Hruaikawn. for this year, the current one.
Human nature is like that: he who gives benefits is good and he who does not give is bad.
On the other hand, Kong Roshan Warjri, Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, urged the contractors to implement the project properly and to complete it on time. which is set.
Shillong: The Revolution-Defend the Country has started to receive support from Jaintia Hills, when the Village Authorities of Namdong and Amlarem, have given their support to this movement to bring about change in the country.
The deadline for receipt of applications is 02.11.2022. For more information please contact the Hony General Secretary, WJDSA Mobile No:
It is often seen that when people are supported by the love of someone or from their family, they can stand against any dangers at the right time and often come out as winners. in the fight.
The meeting also discussed that implementation (without mutual consent of others) of NEP at UG level from the academic session 2023-24 by the VC is illegal and urgent without the consent of Academic Council (AC) of the University, on the one hand in violation of the NEHU Act, Statutes and Ordinances.
The 10 constituencies for which the NPP has not yet announced its candidates are Khliehriat 6, Mawlai 15, East Shillong 16, West Shillong 18, Mylliem 20, Sohiong 23, Mawphlang 24, Sohra 29 and Mawthadrashan and 53 Ampati.
Praising the MDA government for being able to resolve the border issue in the first phase, the Minister said that he himself has found that this government has done the best which he considers to be a great job.
Nongpoh: Thousands of devotees of the Catholic Church in Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday waited along the road to pay their last respects to the body of Most Rev. Dominic Jala, Archbishop of Shillong.
If you drink plenty of water, the waste products inside the body also come out and improve the cleanliness and beauty of the skin.
The ADC has directed these shopkeepers to be present at their shops during the inspection and to bring along the documents relating to their shops. the NOC among others, to be checked.
