In Mawshynrut Assembly Constituency, they said that they have elected Bah Gigur Myrthong in 2018 with the hope that he will do something for the Mawshynrut Assembly Constituency. There is nothing wrong with the import of illegal coke factories.
Nongrum assured the people that he will continue to follow-up on this issue, whether it is outside or inside the Assembly.
When Alexander the Great of the Greeks invaded India, King Ambhi and King Porus, fellow Indian kings, fought against each other.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, today said that since the On 21st November 2020, schools were allowed to reopen.
Pomtiah Day: This is the first day that they begin the fast.
All these two members will be members of the Committee, according to a letter signed by Bah DP Wahlang, Chief Secretary, State.
“To summarize what has been said above, culture is to preserve, to promote peace and order and to promote income through development projects.
“I don't want to say anything on that, whether it is because of the politics of the groups or the Karbi Anglong District Council but if there is a proper way of communication we can avoid such tragic incidents,” he added.
(Ten commands).
The office of the Block Development Officer of Mairang C&RD Block has conducted a public awareness program on the COVID-19 pandemic and on the vaccination and central government schemes. of Laitdom Presbyterian Secondary School, Laitdom Mawlieh on Monday.
The Minister also informed that soon during his visit to Garo Hills he will meet with the group.
On 26-09-2023, another house was opened at Khanduli village and handed over to the family of Gerald Siangshai and his family.
When asked whether there are illegal immigrants in Them Metor, Gurjit said there are no illegal immigrants in Them Metor according to the joint census conducted in
Therefore, O Jerusalem, praise the Lord.
“I hope that while this project is ongoing, we will continue to prepare for the project which will include the cleaning of the Umkhreh and Umshyrpi Rivers which is urgently needed,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: The FKJGP, Mawryngkneng Circle, Saisiej Unit and Mawlong Unit, has strongly condemned the government for violently destroying the houses of Mawlong villagers in the NEIGRIHMS area today. In a statement, the Vice President of FKJGP Mawryngkneng Circle, Bah Bristar Mawthoh, said that the incident was illegal. until now, because without any order or information to the people, they have gone away without waiting any longer, but to gather and gather their wealth.
On the other hand, the president of the Bholaganj Meitei Development Society, Soraijam Ashok Kumar, said that although the Meitei community has many people in the Majai area, no one has identified Subo Singh, who has committed suicide. you are from the Manipuri people.
Nongpoh: The family members of a retired policeman, Harka Bahadur (78) from Umdihar village, Ri-Bhoi District, this evening lodged a complaint with the Nongpoh Police Station. Because the elderly Rangbah did not return home after he left the house early in the morning.
In Meghalaya, the BJP is the party that works within the MDA government,” he added.
This made Bahnah think, “Imat ka Riia really loves me...”.
Another decision taken by the KAS is that the office of the Minister of Home Affairs should clarify the petitions submitted by the Society to Amit Shah during his visit. to Shillong in July 2021, and a recall petition to Amit Shah in November 2021, as the Central Government has not yet responded.
For there shall be no more such time as there was from the beginning of the world unto this time.
This insect later turns into a night light.
The rematch with Rune will also be a rematch between Novak and the Danish player, who played in the final last year at the Paris Masters. won his first Masters 1000 title by defeating Novak in a thrilling match.
In the afternoon, the Chairman of the Executive Committee of the San Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong, Skor Jala, gave the thanksgiving ceremony. Donbokstar Kurkalang in the presence of other leaders of the Seng Khasi Mawlai including the President Rgh DL Nongbri, the General Secretary Rgh Phira Warnongbri and the MLA of Mawlai Constituency Bah Process T. Sawkmie.
Regarding the allegation against the NPP, Hamletson said the people are well aware that in the past three years, many parties such as the People's Democratic Party (PDF), the United Democratic Party ( The UDP, HSPDP and others have been involved with the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government but now that they are no longer in power, they have blamed it.
Both the drivers and another passenger were injured and taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
“The MSOA has sent a full report after the Meghalaya Games and we are very happy and we have proposed to send the report,” said Bah John. which is happy to have such a thing so that you can look at it and fix what is wrong.
Pala also mentioned the need to consult and seek the opinion of the ethnic groups from other states before implementing the Act.
They were also shown being loaded into trucks for interrogation by Israeli soldiers and their hands were tied behind their backs and their eyes were blindfolded. .
Later, they left for Hyderabad with their 12-year-old daughter but Victoria's daughter wanted to return to Shillong and on July 28, Victoria's mother left for Shillong. They left Hyderabad for Shillong and arrived in Shillong on 1st November.
Sibilda Maring, U16 Event- High Jump.
Youdahunki Shylla, President of the union, while talking to one of the medical doctors, said that as in our state, we should protect ourselves as much as possible from this disease. that it will not cause trouble to the rural areas.
At this meeting, the District Administration of East Khasi Hills has selected three villages including Mission Compound, Cleve Colony and Upper Jaiaw Lansonlane as the clean villages.
Speaking to reporters, KHNAM leaders said that if the current ILP is stronger, why are they afraid to implement the old one?
JOWAI: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongbareh Unit on Saturday renewed its full office bearers for the year 2019-2
After a while, Jalyiah turned the tide with a goal from Tanlang Dkhar – 26'
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of State for Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLA Comingone Ymbon, Dolloi of Raliang District C.Lyngdoh, Prafulla Kumar Boro, MCS: Additional Deputy Commissioner, Superintendent of Police Bikram D. Marak, MPS, officers from various government departments, residents and farmers of the area who came out to fill the venue.
The Director of Police has been directed to cooperate with the Assam Police.
If we talk about the issue that many people like to talk about, that is, corruption, which is a very strong word and has a very broad meaning, some people think that it is only the power of money that is the cause of corruption. Corruption, but here too, there are many ways in which the growth of the country or the income of the country cannot be achieved.
“When we searched the vehicle, we found bags of Ganja hidden in many parts of the vehicle.
On the same day, the Minister will chair a meeting on the Hindi Salahkar Committee which will start at 3:00 pm at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the leaders of the party said that this is only the beginning of the protest, but if the government does not listen or do anything, the party will take another step. “It is not a good idea to listen to the government. The party will not sit idly by and watch the suffering of the people,” said the statement.
We have sent a request to the revenue department to increase the number of staff to avoid escape of prisoners," Dhar said.
The cold weather event occurred at about 12:50 PM this evening when it came with heavy rain which lasted for some time. Several villages in West Khasi Hills District have also been affected by the cold weather.
Saka continued to play well for Arsenal, scoring the second goal after an assist from Leandro Trossard in the 23rd minute.
The Citizenship Amendment Act has prompted the MDA to convene a special session to take a decision to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and also to demand the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages. not in the fifth chapter of the Constitution.
Nagaland authorities on Tuesday said that a leader of a student union has been killed by robbers suspected to be members of a trafficking group. drugs.
He promised to donate T.10 lakh in cash for the construction of classrooms.
Besides, if there is a shortage of agricultural products, the road to transport the products is not available, so these farmers to the border face many problems, throughout the days, months and years since the independence of Meghalaya. Border villages are being attacked and there are times when people lose their lives.
The Governor, Vajubhai Vala, has also appointed KG Bopaiah as the interim Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. Secular) do not speak against it.
HUCC, Amity, Chutwakhu and Moodymmai were the teams that reached the semifinals.
For the immediate action of the Central Government, the State Government has suggested to set up CUET examination centers in Shillong, Tura, Jowai, Nongstoin and Williamnagar to cover other neighboring districts.
“Until now, the District Council has not accepted the Bye Law of MUDA,” said the CEM.
The DGP was accompanied by the SP of East Khasi Hills, Sylvester Nongtnger and SP (City) Vivek Syiem. public residents.
Speaking to media, the National President of the NPP said that the visit of the NPP MLAs to support the BJP government in Manipur was after a meeting with him. He will meet with the Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh to express his support to his government.
Those who don't have a job say that it will be late.
In the first incident, the immovable property of the two accused, Doulat Ali Mugal and Ishaq Pala, was seized at Herman in Shopian district under the operation of the UA. While Pala, who is imprisoned in the Central Jail in Agra, was a member of the HM/Al-Badr group, Mughal was their assistant. HM and is currently on bail, the investigation team said.
“The HSPDP is no longer the same as it was during the time of Bah Hoping,” said Bah LG Nongsiej, Chairman of KHADC.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, praised the work done in Meghalaya and praised the State for implementing various schemes and being a beneficiary in terms of does not develop.
Furthermore, the DSEOs and SEOs and those people appointed to look after the schools do not visit the schools and do not see what the schools are sick!.
It will also hold a prayer on the 16th of July from 6.30 am to 7.30 pm to remember those who died at the hands of the armed groups.
Starting the day with 48 runs for four wickets, Sikkim scored 203 runs before beating the Rangtied in 65.2 overs to take the lead in the first innings by 14 runs. Meghalaya will play against Bhubaneswar.
In the tournament which started on the 24th and ended on the 25th of March, Mawsiatkhnam and Umjjathang have reached the final.
The incident happened at 12.30 pm this morning, said the PWD Engineer. He said that no casualties were reported due to the lack of workers.
It is difficult to prevent a clean marriage.
Rabha, Principal, Tikrikilla Higher Secondary School, Smti.
I'm going to hide somewhere else,” said Bhalang.
Shillong: The St. Cecilia Catholic Church in Photjaud Rangthong today laid the foundation stone for the construction of its new church at Photjaud Rangthong.
“The HYC would like to thank the State Government for its hard work to promote sports and athletes and also for the development of the youth by launching the Meghalaya State Sports Policy 2019 and the Meghalaya State Youth. Policy 2021,” said Mr. Kharjahrin.
There are 906 cases in East Garo Hills, 64 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 37 high risk contacts, 6 ILI cases and 12 returnees. from outside the state, 3 in the factory and 6 under screening.
He said that there is no exception to the Cabinet because initially the Ordinance was passed, then it was introduced as a Bill and when the Bill is passed it becomes an Act or law and then it will be prepared. The rules and regulations have been approved by the Cabinet and therefore there is no exemption from the Cabinet in enacting this Act.
KSU War Jaintia Circle President Laitphar Syngkrem said in a Facebook post that “JHADC officials together with the trucks of bread blocked the bread trucks of KSU Moopyut unit and KSU War Jaintia Circle together with the people of Moopyut village. They went to Mynkjai.
“After the meeting, we should wait for the decision of the central government because he did not say yes or no, but he listened carefully to the issues we raised before him. " he said.
The National People's Party (NPP) today decided to work together to restore peace and stability in Manipur, which is still in turmoil following the violence in Manipur. you are a nation.
Sohniamtra in Khasi-Jaintia has started to sprout by mid-October, but the exact harvest is from December to February.
Shillong: U Damber Ch.
Furthermore, the heavy rainfall can affect crops such as jhur ki jhep, soh ki pai and others. , heavy rainfall can cause flooding in plain areas, landslides and tree fall.
“Let us forget the MDC, let us forget the MLA, let us work together in the MP because it affects our customs and traditions,” he said. because the old friends have returned to the Congress.
The curriculum has been adjusted on the most important issues of the education of the students, according to a statement issued by the education department of the state government.
He said that the youth of Mawkynrew area have now started to develop in all aspects by giving an example that the Mawkynew Cup has produced many young players not only men but also women.
According to information received by this reporter, those villages along the path of the storm, have been severely damaged, in which trees have been destroyed and houses and vehicles have been destroyed. same.
Speaking to the farmers in Iewduh on this occasion, they said that the poor and the rich don't have to buy meat anymore because it is very expensive and the price of meat is because There are no more cows from Assam but there are cows from Assam and these cows are more expensive than the cows from Assam.
The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) said the missiles were shot down on the border with the country.
“It's my bakha's writing and so I don't want to wear a gold ring inside the mask, because it doesn't make sense to cover it inside the mask and then, it will hurt my head and so on. , I take out the outside of the mask, which I fasten with pins," says Kavita.
According to information received by Rupang from the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority, in 2009 the government purchased 120 buses and in 2014 139 buses. which has already purchased 259 buses.
And also that we should have a Government that lives to serve for the Khasi, Jaintia so that from now on we can have peace and stability in our own country.
Speaking on the occasion, Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of the KSU Sengkmie, said that the KSU Sengkmie has taken time since 2018 to prepare and produce the documentary.
Other issues raised by the BJP leader included the pension for the elderly and widows, the ongoing benefits of farmers and the delay in the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM).
On the other hand, Bah George B.Lyngdoh promised to the leaders to talk about many issues that are necessary for the constituency if the people of Umroi are willing to win the party from Umroi Constituency. added.
But, even with that, there are some regions that aren’t yet fully utilizing groundwater and have the opportunity to do so.
kg), Javelin Throw (500 gms), Medlay Relay, Hexathlon (Six Events) (100M Long Jump & Shot Put (3.
They got engaged earlier this year and will be married on Friday.
He said that if possible, the ILP should also be implemented in Assam.
During his lifetime, he was one of the Syiems who spoke from time to time on the border issues and the persecution of the people on the border. Assam government and in this regard he knows better the borders through documents to verify and this sudden death of him has been a loss especially now that the border demarcation in Wat the second is still in talks between the Meghalaya and Assam governments.
On the other hand, he said that 40 Congress and PDF leaders have joined the UDP to support Bah Balajiedkupar Synrem to win the election.
How, then, can the VPP clean up all the garbage that has tarnished the MDA government? Fortunately, some of the tarnished UDP candidates did not win.
These 13 Prime Ministers have been declared guilty of serious crimes including murder, kidnapping, threatening others and other serious crimes.
The ECI has postponed the polling date over the opposition of the people of Mizoram, a state with more than 90 percent Christians.
“On the speech of the opposition leader Dr Mukul Sangma, the prime minister said, “I don't have anything to say on the speech of the opposition, but I can say that in my leadership and I don't Even the leaders, who have been involved in this political field, don't expect to see such a statement from the opposition.
Speaking to media after the swearing-in ceremony, Justice Mohammad Rafiq said his first priority is to strengthen the computer department, the media cell and the Lok Adalat.
Police of Jowai PS have taken them into custody for further investigation.
Referring to the complaint against the Lokayukta's order, the Chief Minister said, “We have considered this matter thoroughly according to the study of the Law Department”.
He was the first MLA during the formation of Meghalaya in 1972-7
Vishal Rai (Full Contact Senior Men – 51 kg), 4
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question by Bah Process T Sawkmie MLA Mawlai Constituency on why the MPSC is slow to conduct examinations and interviews, said that to follow many rules.
“I intend to join the NPP tomorrow (13th November) together with Bah HM Shangpliang,” she said.
“After seeing the details of the roster system, the Cabinet has decided,” he said.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, said that the investigation into the incident in Shella Bholaganj Block is not yet known, as he has not received the report from the ADM, Kong AL Mawlong. to the investigation.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : Thirteen Mixed Martial Arts athletes from Team Revolution have won medals at the Rhino Martial Arts & Fitness Club Sivasagar on the 18th of this month. February.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall has fallen in Sohra today, where the forecast released by the Indian Meteorological Department, Shillong, has shown that heavy rainfall has been heavy in Sohra. In Sohra, from 8.30 am to 8.30 am, the rainfall has reached 111.2 millimetres.
“We are concerned about the situation in Delhi.
When the unbeliever saw that he was praying, he rebuked him and said, “You are a fool! How do you believe in God? Have you heard him, seen him, or know where he is?” He didn't answer anything, but pointed to the sun rising from behind the mountain and said to him, “You say there is no god, then behold, this day is the sign of the work of thy hands.
Although the people of Meghalaya have demanded the Government of India to approve the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the Government of India has still kept the resolution in the cupboard of the Ministry of Home Affairs. approved by the State Legislature in November,
He said that now we have to be very careful because there are those bloodthirsty people among us who are trying to distort the mindset and the intention is to lead us to the wrong path and society. we hope that they will become only auctioneers and no longer leaders.
At the same time, he said that during the elections he used to make a promise to set up a hall to show Pnar films in Jowai.
After testing, it was found to be 353.34 grams of heroin.
Therefore, he urged the people to cooperate with the Government as this problem is inevitable.
One migrant worker lost his life and another was injured in an attack by a group of unidentified robbers that took place on Tuesday morning.
He said that the repair was carried out after the union had given 10 days to complete the work.
He also raised issues related to the illegal construction of houses in the municipal quarters in Goraline.
After discussion, it was agreed to set up a Coordination and Welfare Committee, Shella Bholaganj Block and Adjoining Areas and the committee will discuss the needs of the State including Shella Bholaganj. for the benefit of all.
They requested to talk to the Prime Minister after the Minister in charge of Education, Deborah Marak, suggested to them to talk to the Prime Minister.
“Is this Imran's new Pakistan? We welcome a country ruled by borders, fraudsters and robbers," she tweeted angrily.
It was during his time at Shillong Lajong that Eugene had the opportunity to train himself. In 2011, Shillong Lajong sent him to Denmark for training. “I went to Denmark for two months of training,” said Eugene. “It was Shillong Lajong that sent me,” he said.
ltd has agreed to sign the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU).
Is this also one of the secret jobs of the MDA and Assam governments? If this is true, it means that the MDA government is doing this for the benefit of someone.
At the same time, it’s important for leaders to establish this well.
He said he will take action on the demands of the four parties for the benefit of the people of the area.
These standards are based on international best practices and have been developed to keep patients safe in hospitals.
Severe flooding has occurred in parts of Bhagsu Nag near Dharamshala in Himachal Pradesh due to heavy rains today.
Police suspect that the teacher was abducted to a forest in Chitukona village.
He said that they have been harvesting for 10 years after being sent by the government, and they have found that it is safe and secure and much easier.
“In God, sorrow shall perish”.
Daïamon scored their second goal in the 21st minute to give Saidei a 4-0 lead.
But we humans are foolish and blind to all these things.
Every year it is like this without being able to escape.
In addition, there will be a competition for the Adventurous Hynniewtrep Off Roader (AHOR) to the Ribbit River.
“This Center will be of benefit to the Shnong and the Sohra area as a whole where the garbage will be collected according to the latest technology and will not affect or pollute the environment.
They should choose those friends like choosing fish to avoid being hurt or disappointed later.
In this regard, the Catholic Association has also decided to hold special prayers in condolence to Pope Francis who has been accused of slander in the newspaper.
It is true that the Khasi are Khasi whether they live in Delhi or in the U.S.A.
The deterioration of the road in Pahamriniai village, has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the village and others who use the dirt road. The village leaders of the area and the MDC of Mawhati, to rally for the repair of the road.
The defeated MLAs include Gigur Myrthong, NPP candidate from Mawshynrut who was defeated by HSPDP candidate Methodius Dkhar, HSPDP candidate KP Pangniang and Kimfa S Marbaniang, NPP candidate from Mawshynrut. Rambrai candidate Remington G Momin and NPP candidate Macmillan Byrsat from Nongstoin were defeated by Congress candidate Gabriel Wahlang.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has announced the Farmers' Day on November 4, 2019 through its President Commander Shangpliang and General Secretary Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew.
This is a very serious issue and if we don't take the initiative to do this immediately, the water war will come.
We have to congratulate the police and the government at that time for completely eliminating the GNLA.
Ailem Phawa, sister of Aniyan Phawa, who lives in Kyrwen village, said that she has farmed the farm of Shadap and also the farm of her sister and her sister. At the time of the incident, the Rangbah Shnong of Mowkaiaw came with his men.
Additional Chief Secretary Bah H. Marwein, Government of Meghalaya, was the chief guest and Bah HM Shangpliang, Director Social Welfare, was the chief guest. Dr. Pooja Pandey, Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District.
The census was conducted by the Department of Economics and Statistics at the residence of Governor RS Mooshahary and is the sixth time.
He said the Council should do something to prevent the infiltration of foreigners and should also do something to the Rangbah Shnongs who should not just give syrnod pathar.
Recently, on June 29, 2022, Daniel Stone Lyngdoh Nonglait launched a book entitled, “A Lady Freedom Fighter of India,” after a thorough research. 19 years old.
Adit Pradhan of Youngstar CC was named Player of the Match. In the second match between YALM and SMCA, YALM chose to bat first. they won the toss.
Michal Chyrmang said the DC will take action on this demand of the HYC. “We will not allow illegal activities and if the DC cannot do anything, we will have to lodge a complaint with the NGT to punish them. The district administration of East Khasi Hills District on the 4th of this month has issued an order on the opening of shops in rural areas and villages outside the city. Shillong.
Some of the longest serving places of worship are the Somathan Dharma Sabhaa (Harisabha) in Laban, which has been in existence for 125 years, is one of the oldest Puja mandals followed by Asomiya. Naamghar (Ruprekha) on Jail Road has reached 100 years of service and Laban Naam Ghar on Laban has reached 100 years of service.
Umjalasiaw SC beat Khonsaroo SC 3-2 goals to become the champions of this year's tournament.
The secondary metabolites produced by the fungus in the body through the biochemical process inside the fungus are the secondary metabolites produced by the fungus. because the tit protects itself from the animals that eat it, just as the shïah flowers protect themselves from the animals that eat them.
When commented on the enthusiasm of the audience, Ne-yo commented, “The enthusiasm and excitement of the crowd was indescribable.
This is not a coincidence but it is part of God's whole purpose before Jesus establishes His Kingdom here on earth to fulfill the words of God's Word – “Thy kingdom come, Thy kingdom come” Matthew 6:10.
Jerusalem kills the prophets, including Jesus, and this murderous spirit lurks among her people.
This month of November is the month when all schools distribute their annual results or mark sheets and this result also decides whether the students will continue or stay.
He said that if you look at this election, all those political scientists and those who calculate who will win have put him in fourth or fifth position but it is because of the strong artair. many have been saved.
“The Council has not paid the full amount because the construction has not been completed,” said Bah Syiem.
The bodies of the victims were recovered by the Relief and Rescue Operation Team of East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Three members of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) were killed in a shootout with police at Chiokgre, near William Nagar in East Garo Hills. In about 15 minutes, police have arrested three members of the rebel group who were setting up a hideout in the area. The victims were identified as Sengnam NMarak, Kalam Marak, Corporal Commander, Gikdik. Momin and Bhatnagar RMarak In the incident, the Commander-in-Chief, Norok XMomin, who was not present at the scene, escaped from the scene along with seven other SPs. East Garo Hills Police Chief Davis Marak said that they raided the area after receiving a tip that the leader of the rebel group was in the area. Police have found from the ID of the members that the group belongs to the ANVC (B) and their goal is to get their own Garo state. UALA Chairman Chiindik Marak has been accused of many crimes such as the killing of prison staff in Williamnagar in East Garo Hills.
Sangma, who was Chief Minister until the end of 1988, did not do anything on this suggestion, except that he promised, said Bah Maurice.
“To promote sports, the State Government has gone ahead to find sports grounds in rural areas to clean up plastic while in urban areas it has already been looked into,” he said.
He also pointed out that the MDC leaders cannot run the work of the Executive Committee of the District Council, because there should be a clear division between the Executive and the Legislative.
Thirty MDCs have been invited to attend the meeting, which will be held on the 11th of this month at 11 am.
( Contributed ).
Speaking as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah, praised the initiative of this writer to contribute through his stories in books to the nation.
However, after opposition from the public, the government in 2002 changed the contract with the company which has to pay up to T.12 crore per annum and will produce 4,000 units per annum.
Labenn is a former DySP and Civil Service Officer of the State Government.
Those who call for blood only during the elections.
Michael said it would be a great danger if people didn't know what happened that day, because suddenly the fish came out and grabbed the hand of his friend without knowing it. see the signs of understanding.
The land owners said they don't know where the company and the DC's office paid the money.
After the discussion, Prestone had to respond to the youth who demanded that the Bill should be discussed in Khasi, not in English.
The Minister also distributed certificates to the winners including JNV Mukhla which came first, St. Mary Mazzerrello Higher Secondary School Jowai which came second and Government Boys Higher Secondary School which came second. , Jowai is the largest city.
This shows that the NPP+BJP+UDP+HSPDP+PDF+Independent Party has been afraid of the Voice of the People Party, but the Congress and TMC have been looking away because they are not on the side. on the contrary, these too are afraid.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government and Coal India Limited (CIL) have accepted the recommendation of the retired judge BP Katakey.
The second inspection of the road in Mawnianglah, Mawkhan and Mawrashe villages found that the PWD has recently admitted that it has improved the road. fill with soil.
It was also admitted that these two MLAs were the instigators of other MLAs of the party to leave the party before the elections after they found it difficult to overthrow Mukul Sangma. Sniawbhalang Dhar, who was removed from the post of Minister earlier but was reinstated after he surrendered to Dr Mukul Sangma, while Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who has been complained to the Jowai Block Congress Committee, for his fight against Dr. Mukul Sangma. Roytre Christopher Laloo has been arrested for allegedly stealing a train from Jowai.
Gogoi denied the allegation; Police are conducting investigation into the allegation.
BJP leader Meenakshi Lekhi has filed a complaint against Rahul Gandhi in the Supreme Court, alleging that Rahul Gandhi has fabricated the Supreme Court's decision on the purchase. Rafale aircraft.
According to information received, MUDA has sent a letter last month to all the buildings including houses and shops standing along the Umkhrah River.
It is here, and from this Third Temple that the Beast (the man of sin) will command to put a mark on his right hand or forehead, that mark is
Those who take more electricity than the agreement with MePDCL and especially BPLs, those who install water pumps and multi-storey houses are welcome to increase their load.
Nongpoh, November 07: The Meghalaya Weightlifting Association (MAWA) on Tuesday renewed its office bearers for the term 2018 to and in order to promote the services of the party to develop talented youth in the field of weightlifting, the party has elected new leaders at a meeting held in Shillong.
Momin also admitted that the reason for the misunderstanding between the three ethnic groups in the state is due to the failure to implement Tura as the capital of the state during the rainy season.
Speaking to media after the party's election preparation meeting, BJP National Vice President DrM Chuba Ao said, “Our target is to win up to 400 seats this time.
After this, the NRC was suspended and could not proceed.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in a statement issued by the Publicity Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Sain Kupar Nongtraw, on Tuesday said that even Rajiv Gandhi, the former Prime Minister of the country, has been appointed. He was shot dead by the Tamil Revolutionary Organization (LTTE).
The memorial service was held at Mawkyllei where Bah HB Nongsiej, MLA Mawthadraishan and Minister of State was the chief guest.
In the Gospel of Matthew 25:35-36, Jesus points out and emphasizes the basic needs of mankind.
CASTOR OIL, ALOE VERA AND ALMOND OIL.“Ingredient: Castor oil, Aloe Vera gel and almond oil.
Many programs were held on the day including a Bible quiz, Debate Competition and sports games were also held on the day as a sign of the Jubilee celebrations.
The JNC also feels that the early construction of the Mini Secretariat in Jowai will solve the problems faced by the people and the completion of the Mini Secretariat will benefit the people of Jowai. district so that they can receive services from all government departments located within the same area or household.
In a statement sent by the President of the Union, Ma Satly Ryngkhlem and Secretary, Ma Jesper Bareh, after the announcement of the resignation of Bah Kharmalki as DC of the District, they said that the Union has held an emergency meeting. You have strongly opposed the government's announcement.
This should be the main issue to be addressed.
He said that households in sharing/riat areas of about 40% or more also have rules and regulations, depending on the length and use of the land.
Shillong: The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) led by its Chairman Charles Pyngrope today expressed its surprise that the fish farms in Umsning, Ri Bhoi District have been operated by the MeECL. ).
The meeting was conducted by Wh PT Toi President of Jowai Constituency in the presence of MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing Dolloi, Saron Paswet MDC 19-Jowai South Constituency and others. The elders and the people who came to witness the commemoration of the death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah.
From 1 pm until the end of the procession, vehicles will not be allowed to enter the Phudmuri Bus Stand from FCI, Kyntonmassar, Lad Motsyiar and Jingkieng Wahumkhrah. this is the Procession.
Ma HC Lamin, I/C SDSEO, Amlarem, Education Department, also gave a speech on the topic of Poshan Scheme, SSA Scheme etc. in all government schools to ensure that the students get the right nutrients.
Investigation and investigation are ongoing regarding this incident.
Until now, many of the people in Meghalaya have not understood the dangers of environmental degradation.
Mawlai, the most populous village, had only 59.32% (26,249 out of 44,252) voters.
That responsibility is that all residents of Salonsar should have access to such medicines, health services and protective services without discrimination of class or race and should be provided at a reasonable and affordable price. , which the rich and the poor are rich and the laborers are rich.
When asked about his vision for the future of the HSPDP, Bah Martle said, “The party has declined a lot compared to previous years but to say whether it will disappear or grow stronger will depend on the party. in our daily activities as a party,” he replied.
" said the friend and laughed again, "Wherever the bapli is, he will do that.
He also spoke about other projects of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department in Eastern West Khasi Hills District, including the Vocational Training Center at Mawnai from which the residents of the state have benefited. especially through the trainings conducted there on pig farming, cattle farming and so on.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: In the midst of the ILP protest, the Rangbah Shnong of Patarim has issued a warning to the Muslim Khar who come to sell shniuh and set up market shops.
Commandant SF-10, Mr. L.A.Dkhar, UB Inspector, Mr. B.V.Khongwir, AB Inspector, Mr. Comingstar Sten, Mr. AB Inspector, Mr. Lekh Bahadur Chettri, Havildar, Sulaman Ch.
"Therefore, to be able to worship God or focus on spirituality, you must have food in your stomach.
Both the Hill Councils will continue to work as usual,” he said.
The Special Judge (POCSO) of Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District has sentenced Hope Dong to life imprisonment for raping a child.
Shillong, July 9: The C&RD Block in Sohiong will be opened in June, said the President of the Sohiong Block Congress Committee, Bah Phrang. Sacrifice.
Shillong: Regarding the news that a dorji has lodged a complaint against a short-sleeved patlun poh, many readers have been shocked and in just half an hour, 216 readers have been shocked. I have many thoughts and ideas.
If we send the central security forces, there will be political parties who will oppose and if we don't send anyone, they will oppose.
Regarding the generation of electricity by private companies invited by the government, he said that the companies were not ready to come forward for the generation of electricity because they wanted to participate only in the generation of electricity. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma.
He said that there are 54 himas and more than 25 himas do not have their own laws and need to be improved.
On the demand to transfer the SSA teachers from the State Implementation Society to the State Education Department, Marak said the government cannot transfer them suddenly, as the state government cannot. to pay them salaries.
In the United States, 68,524 new cases have been reported in the past 24 hours, according to the Johns Hopkins University.
The meeting was attended by District BJP President Anita Susngi, State Women President BJP and other BJP leaders and members.
The roads have been destroyed, the buildings have been destroyed and the people of the Jaidbynriew have been destroyed.
Also present at the meeting were Samlin Malngiang, MLA Sohiong Constituency, Minister of PHE, Lamphrang Blah MDC Mawphlang Diengiei and the management of the school.
Speaking on the activities of the Riti Academy, Bah Warjri urged, 'The environment is closely related to the environment and the people should know their duty to protect it. and that we should not know only how to claim our rights without taking responsibility for our land and environment in our own country'
Shillong, June 27: The Chief Justice (CJ) of the High Court of Meghalaya, Sanjib Banarjee, on Tuesday said that the High Court has ordered the Central Government to deploy police to curb the illegal trade in coal. He said that the state police have not done their duty and said that the court also feels ashamed that such cases have to be decided.
He said that the sports grounds have also been improved and the galleries have been installed.
India has provided 4.8 times more vaccines than the United States and 12.5 times more than the UK. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on the other hand, promised the Congress MLAs that a meeting will be convened to discuss the issue of The Opposition Leader Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the border between Assam and Meghalaya has been closed.
It affects a little, it makes children love the world more.
On the introduction of the bill in the House by a majority, Mawsor said it was a hasty action of the Cabinet without thinking and without proper grounds. the Cabinet's decision,” he said.
Rangbah Shnong Mawkadiang, Village Members, HPF Leaders Tyngshain Lyngkhoi, Lobias and others were present at the distribution.
Shillong, July 14: The Governor of Meghalaya, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has decided not to comply with the Prevention of Disqualification Act, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, Secretary to the Prime Minister, Legal Affairs.
After the meeting, Conrad K Sangma said it was decided to appoint the spokespersons of the Cabinet, including Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh, Marcuise Marak and Bah Paul Lyngdoh. Sangma and Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong.
The KSU leaders said that the reason why Samla Khar Mawphlang and other youths took up arms is because the leaders of the international community have no voice to speak out on the issues of the jaidbynriew.
The central theme of his speech was the promise to eradicate corruption in the state and the VPP party will turn its attention to the farmers of the state.
When asked about the amount of money the government has spent on the purchase of electricity, Mondal said he cannot provide information because the price of electricity changes every hour. I can't count, but I don't have a count in my hand,” he said.
Department: means Department, Department or department is a part of a department; The responsibility is to take responsibility for the implementation of the work.
Therefore, Bah Sawkmie appealed to the government to understand the problems faced by the ASHAs and to take action to implement their demands.
He also expressed his concern that the power outage especially from 12 pm to 6 pm has caused the exploiters to dare to disrupt the society.
Up to 185 people including 95 children have fled to Moolber after being threatened by the Karbi rebel group supported by some Kari people in the area.
His remains will be buried at the Presbyterian Church Jowai on 23rd June.
I bah shylla I am also a rangbah I really seek God.
This happened at Umpleng Market, East Jaintia Hills where the people gathered to buy from the vendors.
He directed the students who have completed the training to continue their training because at higher levels, they will be trained more and now it will fall under his training.
The welcome speech was delivered by Bah Juban L. Nongsiej, Project Executive Promotion (PE-LP) followed by the inspection of the agricultural products brought by the SHGs Members from Mawkyrwat and Ranikor Block.
The BSF said that these items were handed over to the Custom at Pynursla.
“At present we don't know what the consequences will be if we eat these pigs and cows, but I would like to urge the farmers not to be too greedy with these forced breeding methods because we know what is inside. of them,” said Dr. Jyrwa.
The Supreme Court will hear the case again on 7th July
The Dorbar Shnong has strongly prohibited that from now on, those found smuggling drugs and shun in the streams of the village and burning dynamite bombs in Wah Lukha within the boundary of the village, will be punished according to the rules and regulations. Dorbar Village Council.
APHLC leader Jones Ingti Kathar, who is part of the 15-member coalition, wants to get some seats from Anglong, which will be discussed, Bora said.
If the MoU is based on the rules of law, it should be decided by the Interstate Council because if they submit the MoU to Parliament and approve it, it will be against the will of the people and against the rule of law. the people of Meghalaya.
In order to take measures to prevent the spread of Covid-19, the Government today decided to immediately close down all tourist attractions in East Khasi Hills District. on the 30th of this month.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, recently launched the Apiculture Mission in the state for the development of beekeeping.
They should also bring documents such as school certificate, photographs, Aadhaar, original birth certificate at the time of registration.
After the match was taken to extra time, Lutituber Ialong won 4-3 on penalty kick.
When contacted by the traders, they said that the price of rice has not increased or decreased significantly but it may vary by shiphew or twenty tyngka and the price of rice may decrease. or rise every day.
At the same time, he said that the state police should take over the investigation into the incident as it happened in a public place.
Another wooden bridge at Kujikura near Dalu was also badly damaged.
“U ksan rympei u rem dorbar is a proverb. This word now affects us especially” Through this other word in this song, Bah Rana expresses the symbols of the words of the elders, who have been talking and revealing what will happen in this country, how that mynder can come to slap his head in this beloved mountainous country of his, the holy words and the sweet words that he has used to deceive. until he was able to hold the sword himself, to be able to break the key to those people who did not claim to be leaders.
Sanvert Kurkalang of Kyntonmassar won the Man of the Match title.
Interesting tea? I don't know...Where will you live in the future?.
He said that there have been many meetings between NEHU and the education authorities as well as with him on this issue.
On the 31st of June, the state police have arrested eight robbers involved in this crime.
Commenting on the Symbud Myntri Rangbah's claim that there is no illegal smuggling of coal, Bah Dkhjar said, “We ask the Symbud Myntri Rangbah whether he has anything to answer. He told the media that there is no illegal trade in coal and that it should not be verified.
However, before setting up any factories, a Public Hearing should be held for the villagers.
These include EJH: 1, EKH: 136, NGH: 1, RBD: 94, SGH: 2, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 4, WGH: 11, WJH: 22 and WKH:
On the other hand, these shopkeepers said that the Lyngkhat market, which was well known in the past, has now become increasingly crowded since the BSF troops raided it. Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, the joint candidate of the MDA government, who has contested from the UDP, has come to Umsning Madan. Jason S. Mawlong and Macdalyne Sawkmie, MLA/MDC from Umsning, who came from the PDF, Donkupar Sumer, former MDC from Umsning. Umsning from the UDP, Bah Clement, President of the NPP in Ri Bhoi, Bah Dipul Ryntathiang from the HSPDP and others.
Shillong, June 8: The North East India Federation of Charismatic Churches (NEIFCC) Shillong will hold an annual meeting of various churches in Shillong. Jaiaw Shyiap from 11th April to 13th June
The route for this 16 km trek will start from Mawphlang to Lad Mawphlang (David Scott Trail).
The Act was passed on the recommendation of Jaya Jaitley of the Niti Aayog.
Secretary Stephan Shadap and Adviser L.Dkhar strongly warned Agnes that from now on she should not interfere in the village affairs of the Raid.
He said that it is sad because it has not been implemented at all because the roster system is not a directive but it is according to the laws which cannot be ignored.
In another incident, a woman identified as Basis Dkhar (48) lost her precious life after a Tata Sumo from the village collided with a railway track killing seven people. They were injured and the woman died at the Civil Hospital, Ialong.
Aditya from Maharashtra and Yogita along with Lorenza Songthiang have been selected to compete in the World Combat Games in the Pankration event to be held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia in April this year.
Due to the government's silence, the union has given 10 months to complete the road for the benefit of the people of the area who have suffered so much, if the government does not The union will take other strong measures against this insult and insult to the residents of the area by the government.
On the government's request to take over the schools, the teachers did not oppose but it will be up to the school authorities to accept or not. only the teaching positions.
After the performance, Ma Diamborlang Pohshna, Assistant Head Teacher, Ratacherra distributed prizes to the winners and runners-up.
Shillong, Lber 6 : The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, BDR Tiwari, today said that Meghalaya has already prepared for the Lok Sabha MP elections ECI) to announce the date of the elections.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Banjop Wahlang.
Signs of kindness and goodness can also produce oxytocin, the hormone that shows responsibility for social relationships.
The government side includes Ishaq Dar, Khawaja Saad Rafique, Azam Nazeer Tarar and Sardar Ayaz Sadiq of the Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N). Yusuf Raza Gilani and Syed Naveed Qamar as well as other parties who have joined hands in the formation of the present government.
The South African Cricket Association (CSA) has announced that the Australian team is now preparing for the tournament in Australia from 30th to 17th July. November 2023 for three T20Is and five ODIs.
If the minister says that only those who have studied in universities can speak, then the MLAs and ministers who have only class 9/10/12 certificates should resign.
In this meeting with the leaders of the Bhalang, he promised that the government will take action so that the truth and justice will be revealed.
Shillong: The shopkeepers of a forest department in Hynniewmer Umdiengpun, today requested the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest & HOFF, RS Gill, to provide space for the women in front. of the residential area, that the government plans to build on this site.
Another task is to advise the state government to implement this scheme at a reasonable price so that it will be successful in the state.
To mark this achievement, the Prime Minister met and honored the members of the team on 21st June,
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Nongsiej, Incharge of the gate, said that no pictures without original NRC and epic will be allowed to enter.
This variety is suitable for cultivation in our state especially in the colder areas and farmers benefit from it.
The woman, who lives with her son, used to earn a living by collecting jhur from the forests to feed her family. The sign light which was broken and lying lyngktar on the ground and the strength of the electricity lympad the woman until she lost her life. the life.
• The scheme is also for providing traditional school education to the children.
The union urges the District Council which is the shield of the jaidbynriew to think carefully on this issue and not to issue the NoC. KSU-East Jaintia Hills President Bah Streamly N.Suchen said in a statement.
He encouraged the registration of pregnant women under the Pradhan Mantri Matru Vandana Yojana which provides benefits when they go to give birth at health centres.
When inquired, the contractor said that the transformer is very old, it was built in 1962 and it was learned that the electricity department has never maintained the transformer before. However, the contractor promised to complete the transformer as soon as possible as it is an old transformer.
On the other hand, Wanteibok Lyngdoh said, “The nation is a nation that knows people but sadly it has now declined in value.
Speaking to reporters, M.Wann, Assistant Conservator of Forest (ACF), said that if the traders want to trade rnga, they have to register with the office of the District Forest Officer. They have also obtained the approval of the Principal Chief Conservators of Forests so that they can transport rnga to parts of the State.
He alleged that the Assam Police attacked the guard post of the CRPF and Mizoram Police.
They promise to give heaven and earth before voting.
In addition to spiritual teachings, the Welsh Presbyterian Assembly also teaches teachings related to society, commerce and heritage.
Well, how did you come?  I am on leave from my place of employment in one of the North Eastern Hills States.
She also suggested to the government to take various measures to improve the city.
The villages recognized as clean places will be announced after a thorough assessment by a team led by the Central Government who will visit these villages,” said Bakshi.
Shillong: Akrisha Mylliempdah, resident of Laitkor Nongdaneng, today went to the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla to complain about the theft of her land. She also alleged that it was the involvement of the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has announced that according to the directive issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the Government of Meghalaya has directed all residents of the district to wear masks.
The first thing is to follow the dress code, jaiñsem and jaiñkyrshah have no place in the homes and in their place have been replaced by patlun and others which the parents themselves witnessed. They opened their eyes and listened and seemed to approve of their actions.
Shillong: Following the approval of the Ministry of Education, to resume schools as usual from 30th November 2020; For the students of class IX to class XII in Shillong, but during the inspection of schools today it was found that many of the schools are still low in attendance.
There is also information that one of the fifty-two limbs of Durga fell at Nartiang and became a Hindu holy place and that a temple was built. ) has not been used until now.
In issuing the order, the Supreme Court also noted that in 1991, the Supreme Court had granted bail to a man who was HIV positive. The court was charged with possession of a large quantity of drugs.
Shillong, November 7: The Central Election Committee (CEC) of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) today released the names of its candidates for the second round.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today led by its President, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin and Bah Roykupar Synrem, General Secretary, today left to express their disapproval of the Roster System. by the State Government, in the presence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, to oppose the new arrangement, according to the roster for various departments in the districts and subdivisions.
Dr Celestine said that according to the rules of procedure, the response to the budget debate should come in the first phase where the Minister of Finance will give the response, followed by Demands for Grants in the second part of the budget.
The counting of votes will be held on the 2nd October, 2019 and the results are expected to start at 9 am.
Speaking on the Reservation Policy, Bah RL Blah said that the Union understands that this policy of the State Government and the Reservation Policy of the Government of India will not last forever but the time will come. will be deleted.
The weakness of the country and the nation is due to the fact that the man does not have responsibility for the family and the children as the custom and tradition has entrusted to the man to be the Son in the family and the Father in the family.
After a while, the women and the parents, children and relatives of the deceased were heard crying.
Sawmer SC has scored seven points from two games while Imson SC has not scored any points after losing both games.
The union also urged the Education Department through the SDSEO to relocate the two posts of teachers to this school after they were transferred to another place in
All believers must believe that all the rulers on earth have been appointed by God.
The incident happened on Tuesday at 12:05 pm while the doctor of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department, Dr Seiboklang Buam, was on his way to khwai in the river near the village.
Wherever you turn and manla pages, newspapers write bsd reports only about this disease covid-19 except here and there write meaning write matters appear other matters to read and get new information we readers .
On the other hand, the officers urged the youth to take this opportunity to come forward as this is the best opportunity for them to get jobs even in Class X. Our role as a society in our homes, communities and nation is a part that many churches look forward to from time to time.
They said that the place is in Kimin in Arunachal Pradesh.
Besides, Arunachal Pradesh has also found that there are three villages which do not fall under Arunachal Pradesh so they will not accept them. Only 86 villages have already been arranged by the two Chief Ministers of the two states.
She has a wingspan of 5 feet 2 inches.
The success of this app is due to the provision of adequate and accurate information from the health staff through the ANMs to the doctors and health officials in the districts and also to the authorities. Look at the state whose job is to monitor those poor women from time to time because it appears and mentions on the Mother App.
Speaking to reporters, the coal owners from Lum Jaintia said that the pollution of the Kupli River is due to the mining of coal at the Assam Quarry and not from Lum Jaintia.
Thus ended the 1335 days.
The final will start on 18th June and the venue will be announced later.
Speaking on the occasion, Uma Nath Singh said that the opening of the court is part of the government's efforts to separate the Executive and the Judiciary into their own part.
On the other hand, the JSU has alleged that the decision of the DHS to conduct the examination has something behind it, as the JSU should not forget what happened to the students who passed well in the examination. in the past years and those who have lost their right to study medicine because of the National Entrance Test (NET), in which those who pass later in the HSSLC You must pass the entrance examination.
“We want to make it clear that it is true that we welcome your efforts to bring peace and order in Garo Hills but we have asked for more time in the previous meeting on this issue,” she said. letter of these organizations sent to the Chief Minister.
All participants were limited to company employees and their families," the people alleged.
There are also 4 uncultivated land, one of 4 acres and one of 2 acres in Mawpat and the value of these land has reached T.50,00,0
Shillong: U Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills District, who is also the Minister of PHE in the State Government, after visiting the border areas on the 4th of this month, has been arrested. the backwardness of these border areas in many ways.
The videos of the MDC election 2019 have been released and the results of the MDC election 2019 are being announced.
Before the meeting, the song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi was sung under the leadership of Bah Jiedskhem, General Secretary of KSU, South West Khasi Hills District.
They requested the BDO of Umsning to transfer the account which has been opened from the UBI to any bank in Umsning which can serve better the people who need it. withdraw money at any time according to their needs.
Chandra Mohan Patowary, Minister of Assam Accord Implementation and Parliamentary Affairs, today announced the number of people included, excluded and excluded from the NRC. The number of candidates who proposed to register was 3,29,91,385 and out of these 40,07,717 were rejected and only 12.15 percent were rejected.
In fact, Jha had applied for bail through his lawyer but the court refused to grant him bail.
He said another reason for the deterioration of roads in the state is because it is a rainy area.
Meanwhile, Witting Mawsor said the HSPDP has sent a letter to the UDP to appoint Ardent as the leader of the KHADC. Whether the UDP accepts it or not, the party will sit down to think about its household affairs.
The resignation of the MDC of Laban is the temporary end of the NPP MDC election. According to sources, the MDC of Laban will join the party. from the ethnic groups of the state.
Children under 3 years of age and under 12 years of age will be charged half price and children under 3 years of age will not be charged.
On the other hand, the KSU Wah-u-tim Unit under the leadership of Samla Shanborlang Shati, has met with the SDO of Electricity Department to convey to the authorities the complaint of the people to ask for clarification on this delay in bringing electricity. but the authorities have tried their best to send letters to the higher authorities (Shillong) and it was also reported that there is no spare transformer inside the electricity office in Sohra.
On his resignation, he said that he resigned with a pure heart without any reason with the party but for his personal reasons and his own work, with the blessings of the leaders of the party. HNYF to continue to work hard to work and serve for the country and the nation.
This quarrying by private individuals in this area has been going on for many years but the JHADC has been blind and this blindness of the JHADC has also caused a huge loss to the office because all the private individuals. Those involved in the mining of stone from the JHADC forest area do not pay taxes to the Forest Department.
Earlier, the Hima Mylliem has announced that from 16th July 2015 all Daju Iewduh must wear blue uniform and those who do not have this uniform will not be allowed to enter the market. Earlier, the Hima Mylliem had launched the Daju uniform by distributing it to some of the Daju who attended the uniform ceremony. This is the last day to distribute uniforms and all Daju from the 16th must provide uniforms and if they do not have uniforms they will not be allowed to enter the market.
On the part of Ms.NM Momin, Chief Judicial Magistrate cum Secretary, DLSA, Khliehriat welcomed all the participants and gave a detailed speech on the purpose of the event. of this public hearing.
Shillong: The 10th death anniversary of Bah Readington M Marwein, founder of Mawphor and Highland Post newspapers, was held today at his residence in Mawiong Rim.
Shillong: The Umlyngka Youth Association (UMY) on Saturday launched the Kick Out Drugs Football Tournament at the Umlyngka Football Ground.
Process said that according to the statement of the Khasi Author's Society, this demand has been going on for many years without any results.
Shillong: St. Joseph's Secondary School Nongtalang, Shillong, on Tuesday opened the 1st St. Joseph's Football Tournament
He said the UDP has won more MLAs in the 2023 elections from 6 to 11 MLAs which shows that the people trust the party.
On this occasion, the two organizations appealed to the staff of this office to come on time and to complete the work of the people on time. Otherwise, the two parties will take stronger action, concluded the statement.
Shillong, July 24: ECHO India, SCEP through the Government Innovation Lab and MECDM have jointly conducted a Partner Launch Training. A two-day training course to improve early childhood education in Meghalaya through new teaching methods to train the skills of various staff in terms of dissemination of knowledge.
The union also said that Himanta Biswa Sarma should know that Mukroh village falls under the jurisdiction of JHADC and the Khadar administration has been empowered by JHADC. The area is located in West Karbi Anglong District.
Other elders from Langpih area said that if the land in Langpih sector including Kamphaduli, Bageng, Nawapara, Dronpara, Kyrshai, Umwahsiang, Domtiewsaw, The government will transfer to Assam as it has done to the five villages in the Malangkona area, which fall within the boundary of the Nonglang Siradarship. There is no doubt that the violence, which is more terrible than in 2010, will break out again and dozens of precious lives will be lost. miss.
Shillong, Jymmang: As part of the celebration of the Silver Jubilee, Christ Church Morning School, Mawlai Syllaikariah has organized a Science Exhibition in the presence of Dr. CJK Warjri, BDO Sohiong C&RD Block. as a guest.
However, the transfer of patients to other places is only done when there are too many patients and there is no room left, because there are only a few beds so they cannot send them to other places. hospitals that have more beds, because to sleep on the balcony of the patients is impossible because they need adequate beds.
After this, the Presbyterian Church took part in the prayer before the coffin was laid to rest.
The tournament, which started on the 22nd of June 2023 at the Sher-0-Kashmit Indoor Stadium, was organized by the J&K Arm Wrestling Association in collaboration with the Sports Council. , Srinagar.
On the fourth day, in the cosplay completion category, the winner was Marc, Garry Syiemlieh won the People's Choice category, Best Performance went to Yuki Lamabam, Best Craftsman went to Daryll Warjri and Judge's Choice went to Daryll Warjri. Mafi Kharhunai, Ritiksha Sunar, Jyoti Kumari Singh and Nandita Hajong won the LG Queen of the Kitchen award.
The government's imposition of lockdown on the people during these times is one of the restrictions of man to man by man.
Before the programme, a short speech was delivered by the Wahehshnong, Ma Comingone Tlang and concluded with a prayer by Tbn Livingstone Phawa.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday said it will hear in November the petition of the Meghalaya Government regarding the decision of the State Court to suspend the soskular signed between Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya on border issues.
The CMJ lawyer said that the Lat as a Visitor has no authority to open the school even though there is a law in the CMJ Act.
“If Kasab, who was known to be a terrorist who came to Mumbai to threaten and kill people, was put on trial before being hanged, why were these three men killed without a trial to find out? "What's the truth?" asked Mawthoh.
They said that although the governments of the two states are still in the middle of border talks, “but they should ensure that the villages on the border should be safe.
The closure of the market is due to the fact that the market has not received or sought permission from the District Council which is the authority in charge of the markets and shops within the boundary of the market. an.
He said that people in Shillong are being misled in many areas of internet technology, although the police have been issuing notices from time to time to be vigilant.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC on Thursday beat Ozone Football Academy 2-0 in the U-18 Youth League final round of Group D at the MFA Ground, Shillong.
The donation was for the candidates of Angela Rangad, Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew and Bah Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) has not yet been able to nominate a joint candidate for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. year 2023.
West Garo Hills SP Mukesh Singh said police rushed to the area after receiving a tip that robbers had tried to extort money from the village.
Speaking at a public meeting of MDA candidate Dr. Jemino Mawthoh at Madan Polo today, Conrad K Sangma said that during the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma, his father Purno A Sangma has asked one of the government ministers how they find the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma but he said that they have answered by the minister who is with Mukul Sangma. “This government is the JCB government, Dr. Mukul Sangma has just said that no one dares to say or do anything”.
Ma Ieid Hopingstone has stood firm until the days of his death and even Ma Ieid Lyngdoh, who has not completed her education and lacks knowledge, has stood firm because of her intelligence to look after the country. “The state is better than others,” said Samla Lambok.
There have been 113 recoveries today, including 63 cases in East Khasi Hills including 5 cases from Armed Forces, one from Anjalee Cluster, one from Bishnupur Cluster, one Driver and one from Goraline Cluster. 1 Health Worker, 16 High Risk, 2 ILI Cases, 3 cases from Laban Cluster, 2 cases from Laitumkhrah Cluster, 1 case from Madanryting Cluster, 1 case from Mawlai Nongkwar Cluster, 2 cases from Mawlai Nonglum Cluster, 1 case from Mawpat Cluster, 6 cases from Nongthymmai Cluster, 1 case from Police, 5 cases from Pynthor Cluster, 12 cases from Returnee and 1 case from Rilbong Cluster.
On these grounds, to provide an ambulance, to provide doctors such as Homeopathic or Ayurvedic, to provide medicines and to provide adequate accommodation for doctors or nurses.
:The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Ranikor Circle today launched the 2nd Wicklif Syiem Memorial Football Tournament 2023, organized by the KSU Ranikor Circle. Nongnah SC and Thiepdingan SC have reached the final of the KSU Nongnah Unit held at Mawkyndeng Stadium in Nongnah South West Khasi Hills District. Thiepdingan cannot be defeated by school.
So far, the NPP has won 24 constituencies, the UDP 11 constituencies, the TMC 5 constituencies, the Congress 4 constituencies, the BJP 3 constituencies and 12 others. that Constituency.
On the case against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, the NESO Leader said that the Central Government has asked the Court to respond to all the cases against the Act.
The KSU leaders also tried to meet with the Director of NEIGRIHMS AG Ahangarbad and the Deputy Director but the officials of NEIGRIHMS could not comment as they said that the matter is still pending. ing court.
The Sangrami Krishak-Sramik Sangha, one of the organizations, said that about 200 dumper trucks carrying stone come from Meghalaya every day, and according to police, about 10 people have been injured in these dumpers. trucks driving steadily within the last five years.
“I want to ensure that the police and the government will not be silent on this issue.
He said that the people should not worry as petrol is sufficient for the entire state.
Up to seven teams including Rngi Rum of Lawjynriew, Kharmawphlang CT, Lumkut of Lawjynriew, Lumiablot, Nongkhyriem and Matador of Umpling have come to take part in the tournament.
The issue to be discussed on that day was 'Will all the land under the British Government become the land of the Government?'
On the 3rd of this month, Cantonment Police recovered an Asus laptop, two HP laptops, a Dell laptop and a Canon Power shot. SX430 IS, one Canon IXUS camera and one VIVO mobile phone.
Understanding does not depend only on how much we understand in our heads but also on how much we have experienced in our own flesh the suffering, and only the one who has experienced it understands better the suffering.
That is why God says, “I will make man more precious than fine gold, and man than fine gold” (Isaiah 13:12).
Therefore, as a group through this special day we invite and urge the youth of the area to set an example to stand on their own feet by doing something for the preservation of the environment and the surrounding area through the planting of trees in places where people have destroyed or cut them down.
Speaking to reporters, Tynsong said, “How can Ardent dare to allege that the MDA government is run by the BJP party when we have our own party? principles, way of thinking and own way of working".
Sometimes the elders wear sponges at lat, festivals, religious ceremonies, but the coat, the patlun (patlun), the juti, are not the traditional clothes of the Khasi elder.
The initiative is known as the 'Modi Guarantee – Vik India Vik Sikkim'
Khliehriat, Jymmang 22 : A landslide has occurred on the National Highway in Sonapyrdi East Jaintia Hills District, this morning at about 11 am. traffic jam and after a few hours when the ground was cleared the vehicles started to leave slowly.
This has helped a lot in being able to provide better care and to be able to intervene in a timely manner on treatment options.
Sohra has set a new record for heavy rainfall in 48 hours, according to the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) in Geneva.
• We appeal to all those who have been affected and are still suffering from the pain of bloodshed to find a way, no matter how difficult it may be, to overcome this pain for of them, the future of our children and future generations.
He does not know how these journalists on Social Media (Facebook) get to write such news which is against the feelings of the individual.
When these companies were inspected, it was found that they were not located in the places where they were shown to be established.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) in Ri Bhoi District, urged the drivers to be vigilant while driving and especially during the rainy season, as accidents happen more during the rainy season. do not fall slap.
The TMC candidates include George B Lyngdoh from Umroi, Gilbert Nongrum from Umsning, Longsing Bey from Nongpoh, Sunmoon Marak from Jirang and Dr Saralin Dorphang from Mawhati. Constituency.
We see the violence against women in Sandeshkhali, a village just 75 km from Kolkata.
The BDO said that these are the most important issues of the SAGY but the most important thing is to start from the people of the villages and they should not think that once selected as a model village, they will All these will come from the government and the people will get all the schemes.
The annual Shad Suk Mynsiem at Lympung Weiking, Jaïaw, started on Saturday the 8th and ended on Sunday the 10th. There were 1,451 dancers, including 727 male and 724 female dancers, who came to Lympung Weiking to dance in traditional costumes, which is very beautiful, especially when the sun is hot. of the 'mei ngi' they came to dance in a new dress.
Speaking to reporters after being sworn in, Bah Jyndiang said, “I will try to speak in the House on what Maieid HS Lyngdoh has said”.
“We have five priorities and those are roads for all, electricity for all, housing for all, education for all and water for all.
The allocation for athletes with disabilities for their tournament is 810,000 euros, equivalent to a 40% increase from the current allocation for
He said that the village authorities will soon meet with the district authorities to enforce Section 144CrPC to ban illegal parking along the National Highway in the area.
The FTCCM met with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes on Monday to urge him to open trade with Bangladesh so that the people of the border area and traders can earn a living. .
I pray that the Lord God will bless you in every way.
Many of the elderly people, when they go to withdraw their pension from the bank in Markasa, have to leave early in the morning and walk. They had to walk to Markasa, a distance of seven kilometers.
“Why if Conrad can open three or four of those blocks, while the Hospital for Children and Women in Nongstoiñ cannot be opened yet.
Speaking at the meeting, CoMSO General Secretary Roykupar Synrem said that in the new year the government should have implemented the demands of MRSSA and ILP, but if this does not happen, , on the other hand, the CoMSO will come out and the state will be in the midst of a strong protest.
Speaking on the claim that the Trinamool Congress is a Bengali party, Abhishek said that this is a ploy by the opposition parties to mislead the people of the state. AITC Meghalaya has decided to hold a meeting in Kolkata.
We strongly request the Chief Executive Member and the Executive Committee, KHADC to gather the elders of Mylliem Hima together with the MLAs and MDCs of Mylliem Hima to discuss the issues raised by the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun. reach all thousands of children via zoom or google meet.
Other brothers are empty, this is a one-sided treatment of their children.
"He also stressed the need for vigilance on this day.
"From verses 1 to 10 it is written about the first beast that comes up out of the sea, which represents the ruler of the world.
The question now arises who empowers the Dorbar Shnongs to take the decision to elect joint candidates and whether this violates Article 14 of the Indian Constitution, which gives the right to express one's opinion in the the road is free.
“Bah EK Mawlong has passed away but the children have forgotten their father and have joined the party. They have fled. George I told him to look at him as an honor to your father if you have the intention to contest the next election, we offered him as an honor to your father but he didn't work now we hear that he has joined that party. “The owners of the party have fled,” said Bah Bindo.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, VO Leaders, Village Leaders and other dignitaries.
Speaking to reporters, Welcome Teron said that during the tenure of Captain W. Sangma as Chief Minister, they wanted to bring Khanduli as well as Block-I and Block-II into Meghalaya. Piyush Hazarika said that their visit to Khanduli today was to take the building to the Assam Government. and the Government of Meghalaya to discuss this issue with the Central Government by expressing that the Karbi and Khasi Pnar people are like brothers.
The procession at Laitumkhrah village which lasted for more than three hours witnessed the participation of the faithful and religious to praise and glorify God with spiritual songs in the Holy Eucharist.
Revelation 2:1-7; 8:11; 12–17; 18–29; 3:14-22.
The football ground was constructed by the Chairman of Wahkaliar Sports Club under the Border Area Development Project (BADP) 2013-14 at a cost of Rs 5 lakh.
Speaking to media during the protest in front of the MBoSE office in Shillong, NEHUSU General Secretary Banpynbiang Riang said that many students in the state are relying on They must pay the scholarship fees they receive once a year to complete their studies.
When and how will that change happen?
“I cannot explain the loss of PA Sangma but I want to send a message to his family, 'be brave',” said Dr Donkupar.
In another match, Lumparing SC beat Kharang SC 7-0
Therefore, if vehicles carrying too much weight on this bridge pass, it could cause damage to the bridge and disrupt the traffic which will affect the village on the India-Bangladesh border.
They said that what is needed is to create opportunities to bring about development in the area and this is one of the ways to end unemployment so that the unemployed youth can create jobs. the opportunities to stand on their own feet.
Please note that there is no consensus on this issue and no push to appoint more teachers.
“We have also decided to add 11 more members to be elected from the two parties,” he said.
This is the first of the shortcomings that have led to the loss of land to Assam,” he said.
Without further ado, these statements of the Minister of India, which have been brought into Parliament, are to be respected.
Rodonal Kharbuki scored the first goal for Umkrem in the 19th minute.
There are some villages in Shillong which are still called in Dkhar languages ​​including Khariong and Kharlieh, such as Bishnupur, Motinagar, Bhagyakul, Bijni, Kench's Trace, Lachumiere, Paltan Bazar, Garikhana, Jhalupara, Barapathar, Lama Villa bad how terrible.
On the same day, he said that the Taxi Drivers Association will submit their demands to the state government and also to the central government.
Just four days ago, he said, he saw that a woman had been killed by the soldiers.
It contains about 92% water in each medicine and is a strong source of nutrients.
The party has criticized the Union Minister Dr. Jitendra Singh for his reply to a question raised by MP Rahul Kaswan in the Lok Sabha on Tuesday.
Executive Committee Members: LD Lakiang, Daneal P Gatphoh, RN Gassah, Ruhi Phawa, Allwyn Laloo, Daribait Passah, Wansalan E. Dhar, Dr. Rebecca E. Laloo, Agatha Challam, Rimiki Challam, Pyntngen Lato, Alos Mary Laloo , Lammitre Lyngdoh, Nehemiah Suchen and Gloriowaly Laloo.
Not only that, but, it has been seen that rules have been issued, which prohibit the entry into the villages, to various recreational areas, by certain groups or villages.
This is what happened in 1979 at the time of the Dkhar protests and at that time, the government led by Bah BB Lyngdoh (bam kwai) sent leaders. Martin Majaw of the HSPDP at that time, Bah HS Shylla and other politicians of various political parties on the grounds that they were involved in inciting the protests.
Regarding the suggestion of Bah RV Lyngdoh to release the EIA, 2020 from the District Council areas to talk to the State Government and the State Government to the Central Government on this issue, Macdalyn said. He said that the EC will write a letter and strengthen to take the necessary action.
She complained that these relatives had treated her badly when her husband was not at home.
The project, with an investment of more than T.75,000 crore, will supply electricity to up to 1 crore households through the supply of up to 300 units of electricity per month.
Therefore, we strongly request the PM to consider our request with the same steps to include the Garo language in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution of India,” said Momin. .
Furthermore, the union has discussed the arrear of the first release of 25 percent of the deficit teachers.
This delay in receiving the vehicles has caused problems to the authorities and has disrupted their services to the people of Shillong.
He said the Dorbar Shnong Moorap has decided to support the decision of the parents of I Love You and the village will not allow the body of I Love You to enter the village.
The next match of the tournament will be played on the 18th of November. The match in the Third Division will be between Lyngdoh Phanblang Sports Club and Mawkynroh Sports Club at 11 pm. In the second division, Ramklang Sports Club will face Laitmawhing Sports Club at 1 pm and in the first division, Pomsanngut Sports Club will face Rangshangkham Sports Club at 2.30 pm.
The number of cases of covid-19 has risen to 4 lakh in July alone, making it the worst month for India.
Shillong: Md. Chand of M/S Good Luck Coal Export, Gasuapara, South Garo Hills, on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the police that Rajkumar Biswakarma, one of the employees of the company, has fled the scene. T.4,50,000/- which is the money of the company.
Nongpoh, Lber 01: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday said that the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road is the most important road for dozens of villages in the Umden area. Prestone said this at the opening ceremony of the road at Umsaw Nongbri to celebrate the Golden Jubilee. of the pastorate.
He said that the people from Assam have turned to the police station and demanded that they should leave the area as it is still within the border of Assam. in the state of Assam.
"When Lanosha heard this, she went back to her house.
However, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has clarified that the notification on the CrPC and CPC cannot be on the powers and authority conferred by the Constitution on the District Councils under the Sixth Schedule. because the courts of the District Councils shall operate as usual.
More than 50,000 boys and girls have already registered to take part in the tournament which will have 54 teams and will come from six districts in the state including West Jaintia Hills, East Jaintia Hills, Ri. -Bhoi, West Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills.
Speaking to reporters, former Sohra MLA/MDC Titosstar Well Chyne said that this is also a meeting to prepare for the MDC elections to be held soon next year.
Due to the deterioration of the road, it has also caused heavy traffic jam in many parts of the road in East Jaintia Hills District, which has also caused danger to drivers, passengers and pedestrians.
Rajnath Singh paid special praise to the Assam Rifles for its achievements in all aspects and for its ability to train dedicated and patriotic soldiers especially in difficult places. of the North East State.
The High Court has dismissed a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by Greneth M Sangma against the state government regarding the roster system. '.
Kamlesh (Manipur – Physio), Vikash S.Chauhan (Meghalaya – Trainer),  Dister Marbaniang (Meghalaya – Manager).
Shillong: Shillong Lajong will play against Punjab FC on the 7th of June at Tau Devi Lal Stadium, Panchkula at 2 PM. The match will be broadcast live on Star Sports 2/Star Sports 2 HD. /Hotstar App/Jio TV.In the first leg of the tournament, Lajong beat Mohun Bagan 3-0 in Shillong on Saturday.
The State Government is still waiting for the HNLC's decision to proceed with the peace talks.
The types of schools in Meghalaya include Government Schools, Government Supported Schools, Deficit Pattern Schools, Adhoc Schools, SSA Schools, Science and Hindi. Grant-in-Aid School.
Nongstoiñ, July 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District Council (HYC) in Nongstoin and Mawshynrut on Monday demanded that he should take action to provide plastic playgrounds in Nongstoin and Mawshynrut.
Shillong: Among the places around the world that produce sohniamtra, Meghalaya has not yet been able to beat the taste and beauty of sohniamtra, said the Director of Horticulture, Kong BN War.
LD Lakiang said that the Board has set a target to complete these drains by May 2023 and such drains will be constructed in-situ in other areas especially in the floodplains. you can go to Myndu.
It would be all the more special if he could break Cole and Shearer’s record.
After the race, the Sub-Divisional Patharkmah (Civil) Sub-Division office also distributed EPICs to those youths who have received their first EPICs and also prizes to the winners of the marathon.
Not only did they come to be together at the protest site but they also held meetings and marches around the area to force their MLAs to speak on the issue of welfare policy,” he said. and Dr. Bathsheba.
, Eva Maria, Mateo Ronaldo and Alana Martina from his current girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez.
However, this was not the case as the BJP won the majority mark.
Shillong, Nailar 08: The HNYF and the SSDC Mawpud Area have found that the road from Umpung to Mawpud in South West Khasi Hills which is only 13 km long has been blocked for two hours. There are four villages in the Mawpud area, Upper Mawpud, Lower Mawpud, Dom Mawlein and Pyndenwar.
He mentioned the various parts of the Education Commission and suggested that former teachers should read the National Education Policy 2020 and express their views on the priorities of the policy.
Shillong, July 14: The decision of the Legislative Assembly to demand the immediate lifting of the Central Government's ban on the transportation and slaughter of cows, has prompted the BJP in the state to accuse it of being a theft. The government is not led by the Congress.
Being brave enough to publish an article for the cannotation “JUSTICE" would be bias if the scale of justice is imbalance.
Therefore, the economy should go hand in hand with the culture in order to improve the employment opportunities of the youth.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai, today midnight, has arrested a group of foreigners who illegally entered the country and a Khasi driver of a truck number NL O1 K don't have the necessary documents such as permission from the district authorities.
Km.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) Sengkmie, today inspected the illegal road construction site by the Assam government at Bakhlapara village. The worst thing is that this is after they saw and found that the area, which was built by the Assam government, is still within the border of Meghalaya and that is from the witnesses that Assam. , has destroyed the buildings or schemes of the Meghalaya government, just because it wants to build a road inside the village.
According to the report, Justice (retd) T Vaiphei said that the arrest of the former HNLC leader was arbitrary, thoughtless and excessive which led to the death of Bah Che.
In this state, the rich think only of themselves.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that UCIL has taken many lives so far due to its continuous drilling of uranium deposits. AMD continues to do this work, the union will accuse these two departments of being the greatest enemy of the jaidbynriew and the most terrible murderer in the state.
“You can see in the state for many years logging and coal mining has been banned but because it has been forcibly banned without training and cooperation from the people there is no benefit for the people but only for a few,” he said. he added.
HDR Lyngdoh's reply came after Nongstoin MLA D Jyndiang brought the issue in the Legislative Assembly.
The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has announced that the Second Division Football League 2023 will start from the 28th of this month in the city.
During the CM's visit to Mukroh, the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has sent a letter to him demanding the setting up of a police outpost in Mukroh. .
The Tura campus authorities have provided accommodation to these nine students at the University Guest House in talks with the President of the PGSU, NEHU Tura Campus.
He became the eldest son of the Marwein clan.
“We have not promised any ticket to those MDCs who joined the Congress,” said Dr. Lapang.
On the same day, Ma Lahkmen laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Administrative Building and Auditorium of Nongtalang Government Secondary School at a cost of T 1.24 lakh.
Hyderabad Tellengana.39 people who attended a Tabligh-e-Jamaat service in South Delhi, Nizamuddin, have tested positive for Covid-1 Twelve others have been arrested in Pune, while 12 others are under investigation in Karnataka.
After 39 years in politics, Lalduhoma, 74, will soon take over as the new Chief Minister of Mizoram after the Zoram People's Movement (ZPM) won 27 out of 40 constituencies. in the elections to the House of Representatives.
In the Interim Report sent to the State Government on 14th November, 2023, the Judge of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice (Retd) Brojendra Prasad Katakey has directed the Government to build the rules on how to mine coal with modern technology.
Therefore, the District Magistrate has warned the people not to enter and leave these villages, which have been placed under the Containment Zone and if anyone is found to be in violation, they will be punished according to the rules of law.
Lebanon have won all three of their Group-B matches and earned nine points.
Nongstoiñ: U Khrawborlang Pariong, 16, of Siangra West Khasi Hills, has lost his life after drowning in the Kperkongklip River. region.
He said that with the intervention of the Union Home Minister who addressed both the Chief Ministers, the Assam police had to leave the area and the CRPF regained their patrol post.
Nartiang Police Station said that they have received a complaint regarding the burning of the house and they have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing. which is necessary.
To fulfill the promise, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar visited the Kiang Nangbah Stadium to implement the special scheme from the government.
“Yes, Mother, as I used to do before,” he replied and left the house to go.
D.Pakyntien, Labor Inspector of Ranikor C&RD Block said that through such fairs, the farmers can showcase their skills and products and provide the assistance they need through the Ministry of Labor and Employment operates two schemes, one is E-shram and those aged 18 to 59 years can register on the E-shram Portal and after registration they will receive Accidental Insurance. The Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Dema Yojna will provide assistance in case of injury of T.1/- lakh and T.2/- lakh to the family in case of death and for the purpose of receiving They must have an Aadhar number and a phone number linked to Aadhar and an account with banks. They can register using their mobile phones and access the Common Service. CSCs known as Rainbow, Digital Seva or Cyber ​​for registration free of charge except for printing and lamination of ID's.
When we turn to our ownership of land, it is the existence of the Land Transfer Act which empowers us to continue to own our own land.
Metbah Lyngdoh was elected as the President of the UDP after the death of former President Dr. Donkupar Roy.
This happened on the night of the 23rd at about 11:30 pm at Umbir Moilam village in South West Khasi Hills.
“He said that on his part, he has taken seriously how to manage the collection of revenue and at the same time how to prevent revenue evasion and to correct the shortfalls to improve revenue collection.
“I think the citizens of the state should understand what kind of person he is.
“In this regard, the Government has decided that these reports will be sent to all MLAs whether it is the report of MeECL or the report of the corruption investigation.
After an emergency meeting with government officials, the Prime Minister said the government is closely monitoring the situation in Manipur.
That requires strong advice from the elders to marmlien on the basis of avoiding unrighteous wealth.
Satan knows his time well and sees that the time when he will rule with terror is near as soon as the Third Temple is built in Jerusalem.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Sounder S.Cajee, President of MCSEPAC and TMC candidate. In the presence of Babu Prinly Wanniang, Bursing Syiemlieh, Benjohnson Lyngdoh, President of MCSEPAC Youth Wing, office bearers of MCSEPAC Women Wing, and others. old man.
He said that this 15-year-old girl is very talented because she used to take part in the dance competitions in the village.
The 295 people include 280 passengers and 15 crew members.
These houses have up to 300 items, including up to 13 Jaintia musical instruments, traditional costumes, ancient tires and local clothes.
“All the people know well, I have been allowed since the birth of KHNAM, it has been destroyed, but I have been allowed to continue, even though many have I'm the only one who's going to suffer,” he said.
Sangma, 30, has been arrested as the Area Commander of Dadeng.
The 11 branches of the bank are Laban, Mawiong, Mihmyntdu, Chutwakhu, Nongrah, Zero Point, Nondein, Phublari, Garobadha, Mahen Draganj and Mawhati.
The Deputy CEM said that the drug problem is very serious and the Executive Committee feels that it should take action and direct the village authorities in connection with the fight against drugs. Federal laws relating to drug trafficking.
Meanwhile, Arunachal Pradesh Health Minister Rajesh Tacho has requested the Meghalaya government to provide land to the Arunachal Pradesh government to build houses so that people from Arunachal Pradesh can come for treatment at NEIGRIHMS. .
He said that on the part of the farmers, after hearing that the government has approved that synsar will be sold as an agricultural product.
Meghalaya will play Punjab on October 1 which is also their first semi final of the tournament.
“Dr Mukul Sangma has already explained that it is the responsibility of the state government, the BJP does not need to explain this,” he said.
Shillong: The incident on the morning of 13th July 2021, has shocked and shocked many churches, because a person who has come to a new life in the Im lang ka sah lang has been taken away. and shooting dead is unacceptable, because if there is any suspicion, it shall be arrested according to the law.
The NTC leaders and others have expressed their strong opposition to the government's plan to open the Weigh Bridge at Shangbangla. to cause traffic jam and disruption of traffic.
Isn't it corrupt or self-destructive to look at others and judge others?
Besides, Arju said that CCORMAU will give its full support if the retired employees come forward to protest against the suspension of their pension.
Therefore, he said that according to the provisions of the Constitution, the Reservation Policy should be reviewed every 10 years.
“Operation Hillstorm will continue until it is fully implemented,” said the new DGP but did not give any timetable for the implementation of the operation.
Three BJP candidates including Shanbor Ramde from Umroi, Bah Duruth Majaw from Umsning and Dr. Evarist Myrsing from Mawhati have completed their nomination papers today. BJP will not contest these constituencies.
Rakkam said that there have been proposals on the need to set up district cadres.
Zayed's distance from Bollywood is the reason why he doesn't get to act in the films he wants.
Out of the 12 top 8 contestants, the top 8 contestants took part in the questions round, while the final top 5 contestants took part in the common questions round.
“If this peace talks will bring peace and stability in the state, it will be best,” said Bah Kharkrang.
“We strongly warn against foreigners who illegally enter the village without the knowledge of the village, because even the villagers are not allowed to come without the knowledge of the Waheh Shnong/Secretary Shnong, especially the people. illegal migrants.
Dr. Samir Das gave a brief speech on the program and also distributed meat handlers kits including tools and equipment for those working. The cost of this work is about T.10,000/-.
In the world as we know there are so many types of games that we humans have in our own interest.
What nation do you belong to? This statement of I has made us doubt and expresses my opinion because as I said, not only the letter I received from the Police to appear on the complaint filed by the Dorbar. The village also does not read well which means that it does not respect or suitniew the police department as a whole.
The trucks were No.AS-11-CC-9011 carrying 24 trucks, NL-01-AD-9074 carrying 24 trucks, MH-04-HD- 0089 carrying 16 cows and truck number ML-10-C-6651 carrying 40 cows.
However, unfortunately, the youngster will have to pay for his own travel expenses for the tournament which has cost T.1 lakh 82 thousand.
As you and your Government are willing to bury the MCCL, we hold you responsible for what you have done”.
On this occasion, training and explanations were also given by Dr.I.Wanniang, who spoke on the types of diseases and treatment of livestock and how to do if the farmers are not in the hospital. healthy body and also more importantly to get clean meat and milk from livestock.
Finally, the NGT has appointed three Commissioners to ensure that the orders issued by it are implemented without error.
At the age of 20 years I got a government job and became an interpreter between the French and the Khasi, the Khar Bangalee and the Khasi, and so on.
“As soon as you send your name abroad, your name has already been included in the list and therefore you have to register with the MMC to get your license and this will be a great help to the health department. follow the doctors,” said the minister.
He said that the KSU Narpuh Circle will continue to monitor the entry and exit of foreigners and foreigners as well. At the same time, the KSU urges those who wait at the gates. Talasi mynder and other gates should also check and check the documents of foreigners who enter the state.
Shillong, June 21: Sawmer SC continued to win the First Division Football League of the Shillong SSA after beating Smit SC 3-0 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Gamelial Kharlyngdoh scored the first goal in the 18th minute for the second leg of the match between the two teams at the MFA Stadium, Polo, Shillong. Sawmer SC scored 10 goals in the first half, in which Smit's players fought hard to turn the tide but by the end of the first half, Sawmer SC took the lead by -0.
Nongstoiñ, July 18: Agriculture is one of the best ways to improve income especially in the rural areas where the land is still scarce. .
The State Government will hand over the stadium on the 15th of this month to the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
There were about 40 youths and the training was held at Ïalong Lodge. On the opening day of the training, Bah Rapsang Deputy Director NYK Meghalaya I/C District Youth Coordinator Jaintia Hill was present. NYK Volunteers, MCSWA members, employees and others.
If you look from the source of Um-i River to Umsati (not as shown in the notification opposite Tahpat Village), the boundary between Meghalaya and Assam should be from Khlieh Um-i, Shka Umsamynthoo. , Umpawiang (Old Assam Battalion Camp) Stonglapar Umsati ter ter sha wah Mynshka Wanpung Umlaphiah Umkhyrmi.
In the innings, Vidarbha scored 129 runs for the loss of one wicket and led by three runs with nine wickets left.
“In the meeting with the DC, we also learned about the Entry Point, where we learned that so far there are only three departments at the Entry Point, the Tourism Department, the Therefore, as the union has found that there are still other shortcomings, the union has demanded the establishment of a Labor Department to implement the Interstate Migration Workmen Act. “It is to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state,” said Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni.
It is said that these two men have been involved in fraud and corruption.
These diseases that cause infection in women from the northeast found through this survey are groups of types of diseases.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya today summoned the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Kurs of Meghalaya to ensure that the Bills passed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) can go straight to the Governor's Office without going through the State Government. Hynniewtrep on 1st October to provide written comments on this.
He also asked why only the office bearers of Pynursla Block Congress are against while others like Nartiang, Umroi, Mawkyrwat and Mairang do not say anything.
However, the head of the Mediterranean Port City said rescue teams are expected to rescue others who are still trapped inside the area.
He said that this family is in the early stages of development in many areas from church to society and they are also people who are ready to help in any area. and many times they showed that face of a smile.
Craft, accepted by Tovey Syiem.
The Rangbah Shnong has appealed to those people who have come from other states not to leave their homes and to interact with people until they have received reports that they have not been affected by the disease. If they test positive, they should stay at home for 10 days.
I wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
The most surprising thing that Rupang has learned from this man is that the writer of this stone is not an intelligent person but a mystery and not a person who has the right ideas like the but he is said to be a person of different character and unique because he lives alone and his way of thinking is different from that of other people in the village. lack.
Regarding these schemes, Bah Prestone Tynsong, urged the Village Leaders and the people to cooperate with the government, so that when any development projects come up, the government will they will continue unhindered and it will be of benefit to the masses.
Imphal, Lber 21 : The Indian national football team will play their first away match against Myanmar in the Tri-Nation International Football Tournament 2023 at the Khuman Lampak Stadium in Imphal, Manipur on Tuesday.
There were also larger budgets to the Temples.
In response to the incident, the government has also sent 10 teams of SF-10 police to Malangkona and Sildubi to provide peace to the people and restore peace and order.
He said that in the recent elections, the UDP's vote share has increased to 8,500 votes from the previous year and this has come through the hard work of everyone.
KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa, GSU ​​President Tengsak Momin, AYWO President Edinson Momin, AJYWO President MH Dkhar and HNYF General Secretary Sadon Blah demanded that the The government has released the president of the KSU, Samla Daniel Khyriem without any conditions and also to drop all the cases against the leaders of the KSU who were lodged during the ILP protest. They demanded that the government should expedite the implementation of the laws which they had discussed with the government in the past few days.
“For many years, no Government has wanted to discuss the ILP, but now this Government has taken the initiative to pass an official resolution from the ILP,” he said. The Inner Line Permit is an issue that we have discussed and the Government has started to build the Inner Line Permit. place for the construction of it or the gate will be built.
He said that there are those who are trying to destroy the custom of giving jait to the mother where the President of the Voice of the People Party has given jait to his children.
Shillong Lajong scored another goal in the 34th minute through Aman Ahlawat. Aman Ahlawat scored another goal for Shillong Lajong in the 34th minute.
The Department of General Surgery, NEIGRIHMS, will be closed from today until further notice, while other operations at the hospital will continue as usual.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today announced that he has tested positive for COVID-1
After the two students of Khliehriat Upper Primary School, who were studying in Class VI, disappeared from their homes, the Khliehriat Police together with the residents of the area have launched a search operation. sharum shaneng and they did not find anything until today that they found the body.
“We have looked into how to assist the employees of JHADC from all their problems, which has led to T.50 crore which is the remaining money, which belongs to the employees of the council,” he said. The Symbud Minister in charge of District Council Affairs (DCA), Prestone Tynsong.
CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing, who is in charge of the case, said that in fact the High Court had fixed a date for the hearing of the case today, but for this reason, it has postponed it. to November 29,
Modi was accompanied by Chief of Defense Staff General Bipin Rawat and Army Chief General MM Naravane by helicopter to Nimu, an altitude of 11,000 feet in the Himalayas. wow Indus.
It may be recalled that the distribution of salonsar and special tickets for those who sell in Ïewduh and also in front of Motphran started on Tuesday, 16th of this month and has continued until now. According to the estimates, the number of injections in Ïewduh has reached less than 10,0
Don't worry, I'm forcing you,” said Ri.
Wallambok Nongbri in the first category, Desmond Nongtnger in the second category and Saiñborlang Nongbri in the third category for children aged 13 to 18 years.
This is a danger because it has happened and will continue to happen as the days and times go by.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28 : The Hynniewtrep Sports and Cultural Club (HS&CC) from Mawlai will hold the Mawlai Open Arm Wrestling Championship
He said that the PDF in the 2018 MLA elections has come second in this constituency which shows that the people have confidence in the party.
Leaders of the War Jaintia Youth Council including Bah Daniel Khongsit, Sordar of Raid Mukertila Bah P Kongwang said that the blockage of this road has caused traffic jam every day due to the movement of trucks. problems for the people in times of illness and emergency.
Shillong: The Jubilee Committee of the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) has postponed the celebration of the Silver Jubilee which was scheduled to be held on 5th November 2019 due to unavoidable reasons.
The purpose of this program is to inform and educate the students regarding the harms and effects of alcoholic beverages and how to avoid becoming addicted to such alcoholic beverages.
When inquired, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) denied the allegation that there was any violence by the CrPF troops, and denied that some people had tried to knieh the suloi of one of the CrPF troops. “He cannot explain the suspected involvement of the Sengbhalang groups in this incident at Laitumkhrah Police Station as the investigation is ongoing,” said Nongtnger.
The Mribu Jungle Camp, which was built by the youth with the help of some of his friends, is known as the Mribu Jungle Camp. In addition, there are also accommodation in tents and tent houses.
Shillong, June 28: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi today inaugurated the implementation of 100 Watt Low Power FM Transmitters in 91 places through video conferencing.
There are those who misunderstand the meaning of writing as written, then written; this is a strong way of thinking.
However, this order shall not apply to police/soldiers and sportsmen who are members of the National Rifle, Association and those persons involved in the protection of peace and order, even if they are registered with the Security Agency or Bank.
The length of this road is 20 Km.
She said that many women have done well in dressing but their thinking is still lagging behind in this regard.
That is why the Jews scattered all over the world and destroyed the Temple when it was burned without leaving a stone upon a stone in 70 AD. He did many miracles, cast out demons, raised the dead, healed the lame, healed the blind, and many other miracles.
Prevention is better than cure, because once you get sick, you get sick.
On the other hand, Mr. Wailad also thanked the parents who provide education to their children because without their presence and support this program could not have been a success.
“We have not received a complaint but we are conducting an investigation,” he said.
The Governor has authorized the Deputy Chairman to conduct the meeting of the Council so that the members of the Ruling Party can bring a resolution to remove the Chairman.
Out of the 24,000 students, about 12,000 Class XII students have come to Polo to receive these tablets.
The protesters took to the streets with placards and slogans to demand that the government and the law enforcement agencies should arrest or imprison these suspects including I Love You Talang, Ramesh. Dkhar, Tellme, Bor Pyrtuh and Sampher Ksoo have confessed to the murder.
Speaking to media on 24th November 2021, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that in politics, the invitation and invitation to other friends to join the party is always there. and the PDF has done the same.
Thakuria scored 2/17 from 4 overs (7/68) and Benedict scored 2/38 from
Ms Sita is also an advisor to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre) and has suffered from various physical illnesses for several years.
He said the FTD also supported the decision of the Union of Village Authorities to give the government until the 5th to withdraw the announcement.
He said that there have been rumors that the Garo people have also wanted to protest, but Ardent said that they have not protested to demand the dismissal of the Garo people, but they demand a resolution. “It's a good idea to have a job in the state and it should be according to the needs of the people,” he said.
The Minister of Transport, C&RD, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar hoisted the flag of the country and took the salute.
The President of KSU Narpuh Circle, Bah KS Suchiang, said that these 70 foreigners came in a night super bus with registration number ML 05L7 Umling check gate guards were told to go to Silchar, but after receiving information from fellow members from Ri Bhoi and also through members from Khliehriat Circle, the union The bus was stopped on the NH-6 on the road to Amrit Cement and in the middle of the night at about 9.30 pm, members of the union checked the bus and found that the bus had entered the house. The bus was inside the Company Star Cement where the guards at the gates of the Company (Gate-1) did not stop the bus.
The tournament was inaugurated by Samla Biangbor Paliar, Vice President of KSU Sengkmie as the chief guest, Samla Banjop Maring, President of KSU Eastern Border Area as the chief guest, village leaders from Bah Hillary. Umtngam Village Councillor, Bah Mathias Mujai, Tyrso Nongkhyllep Village Councilman and other elders.
Shillong, Lber :Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie on Thursday donated chairs, tables and computers to the Mawlai Dorbar Shnong Kyntonmassar for the installation of the newly constructed village hall. good for these things.
Nongstoin, July 13: The HPSO under the leadership of Samla Marshall Syiem, District President of the HPSO together with its members on 13th July 2015 visited the factories. The incident occurred at Maw Iaban Industrial Area, Siejlieh Village, Nongstoin.
In this regard, we would like to express our gratitude to the Office of the SDO Sohra Sub Division (Supply) for taking the initiative to distribute the foodgrains to all the 36 families who did not receive the foodgrains. I was able to take the khaw last month on that day.
The Dorbar Shnong took this decision at a meeting held on Saturday inside the village.
After Kmie Rida left, she started doing all the chores to clean the house and clean the house.
He said that the decline in the number of injections is high in the state and it has been allocated to inject 6.5 lakh people in the next seven days and to select the places and people who should be injected. injected.
These include EGH: 1, EKH: 11 and WKH:
The usual world is a world where health, health care and education are the most expensive.
"In another report, it was reported that about 15 churches have been destroyed and believers, including Longkmie have been bombed and tied in different parts of India on Sunday March 29, 2021.
It is interesting that Puducherry scored the highest in two categories namely freedom of people and self-determination and opportunities for better education.
Wolbetstar Ramsiej came second in the Guwahati Half Marathon organized by IIT Guwahati.
The Executive Committee has decided that the explanation of these four issues and the grounds on which the UDP stands in all the villages and villages of the Nongkrem MDC Constituency should continue. A public meeting will be held in Smit to explain to the public on these four issues and the position of the UDP. The Executive Committee recommends that a Media House should be established where the public can hear and see only through television to get only light without interruption.
There are 87,718 ML05 vehicles in the country.
“Don't worry because I want the person who will be appointed as the Chairperson of the Commission to be qualified, I choose qualified people who can do the job and not those who are involved or have connections with those in power. or with any of the political parties of the world,” he said.
He said the allegations of the NPP party that the VPP is trying to abolish the District Councils are not true and misleading.
The market falls under the jurisdiction of the Market Committee which includes the elders of Byrnihat and officers from KHADC to look after the allocation of stalls and also to collect fees from the market dwellers.
Besides, even the traffic is no longer allowed by vehicles.
I apologize to the women who are offended by my speech.
“Regarding these remarks, Bah HS Shylla said that the one who made these remarks is a former MLA of KHADC and also a former CEM of KHADC and also a President of the HSPDP. An old man who must be faced regularly on the battlefield of words.
Speaking to reporters, Bobeeta said that when the BJP realizes that it cannot win elections on its own, it often turns its head slowly and starts working with regional parties. These small parties will be able to replace themselves in the political affairs of the states.
Although the church was inaugurated on July 25, 1963, it was completed on July 5, 1964 and was consecrated on November 24,
There are currently 60 people detained for further investigation, including a Syrian.
“How many kilometers of roads in Amlarem have been completed from Samanong, Moopyut, Umsalang, Iongnoh, Chyrmang, Nongbareh, Trangblang, Pdengshakap and others which have reached more than 150 kilometers”.
Therefore, the task has been handed over to Bah HS Thangkhiew Sr Advocate, to take action, for this task, to talk to the Urban Development Department, for them to clean up the garbage before discharging it into the Wah. Your mind.
However, these District Councils cannot revise the customs and traditions of those people and if they act illegally, the final decision lies with the High Court as provided for in the Schedule District Act 1874 under the order of year 1937 about the tribes.
Others who attended the Women's League final included senior members of the SSA, including Karsing Kurbah, Prosper Warjri and Freddy Kharpran. Priyanka Latam of Lumparing SC's Best Goalkeeper, Nisilia Majaw of Laitkor and Sunalinda Iawren of Mawlai were awarded the Best Goalkeeper.
Diengshynrum is a town in Khliehriat Constituency.
“In her meeting with the employees of 108 on Tuesday, the Minister said that it is only a continuation of the government's commitment to ensure that the employees of 108 feel confident and confident that the Government is doing its utmost to ensure the protection of the rights of 108 workers.
In this regard, it was brought to the attention of all that in order to make health care affordable to all, the Central Government has taken measures including the opening of AMRIT pharmacy and Jan Aushadi Stores. in many hospitals/institutions under the Central Government in Delhi and outside Delhi.
After lodging a complaint against the driver, the seized drugs were handed over to the Umkiang Police Station for further investigation.
“Of these, 13 are Khasi Pnars, some are elderly, some are young, some are ANMs who have worked for two to 40 years. From 1st June 2023, they will no longer be able to work in the PHCs run by the Trust,” said the General Secretary HYC Sengkmie.
Rosario was attended by many people from all over the country and those in various fields and friends who knew her.
It is understood that the handover and acquisition of the land will be soon between the Urban Development Department and the Assembly Secretariat.
The union is surprised to see that despite the talks between the two DCs, Assam continues to build a large well at Umlaper village and the Police Battalion headquarters at Umru village. The party feels that the soskular agreement has been respected only by Meghalaya, but Assam has not respected it at all.
But if governments act recklessly, we may even lose democracy and liberty.
Regarding the refusal of the nurses to take the examination, the health department officials said that these 75 vacancies will be terminated first because they do not want to take the examination. they will not take a decision on the matter until senior officials hold a meeting to consider the matter.
It gives us the ability to work, speak and do the best for the country and the nation as well as for our community.
The union has done this after noticing that there is a collection of money from the vehicles that come to pick up passengers at ISBT by setting up a gate at the place and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people. demand that this collection should be stopped immediately.
The State Government has already set up a Search Committee headed by the Commissioner and Secretary Social Welfare.
He fell from the stairs and was arrested at the outlet at Tihar Jail.
However, after 10 minutes, Catherine Kharkongor (70'+1) turned the tide to make it 3-3
Josy Paul, Chairman and Chief Creative Officer, BBDO India, said that the new film Share the Load is a surprise for married couples as well as young children.
Diengchynrum CSA United have reached the semifinals of the Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
In Sid's opinion, even after the release, the film has given hope and encouragement to other Bollywood films and the film has not done well not only because of the story but the love that SRK has received from him. the fans.
Tomorrow, the 19th of November, the Shutia ceremony will begin at 5 pm followed by other rituals. At 12 pm, the Lyngdoh will give the klong u skoo to them. Phangwah and Sangot will perform the Phangneiñ, while at 1:40 pm the children of the Raij Tuner will deliver their Rong to Aitnar to complete the Rong at 3 pm. The last part of the Behdeiñkhlam festival of the Raij Tuber is the wrestling between the children of Tre and Sookur.
“Look now we come from the villages, we are not from the city, we have lost our car fare, our food, our daily wage, we don't earn a penny, where will our children eat?” said one of them. The Daju, who is the elder, has passed away today.
God does not judge the heart of man.
The TMC last year had promised to provide T.1000 per month to the mothers while the Congress today promised to provide T.3000 per month to the mothers. they come into power.
“There are many who believe that I am dead because I am sick, but those who spread these false news are stupid and irreligious,” he said.
On the other hand, they requested the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to look into such matters and not to trust such people. who want power only for themselves and only for the sake of becoming Lyngdohs, rulers within the Hima Langrin Syiemship because all these things come only from a few who want to overthrow and destroy the throne.
The Minister said the government will also ensure that the construction methods of the contractors to ensure that they follow the guidelines properly when cleaning the roads.
You can include foods rich in nutrients such as good carbs, fats and proteins.
Ordinance- A law enacted by the authority of the Head of State or State and implemented in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution.
Shillong: Rangdajied United FC beat Ryntih SC 4-2 today to secure second place in the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-2 They didn't play on Third Ground Polo.
Speaking on whether it will affect the relationship between the UDP and the NPP, Titos said, “I don't have anything to say on the relationship within the state.
He said that the protest should also express their anger against the governments for 49 years, but until now no government has been able to pass laws to protect the nation.
Shillong, July 26: Three Under Trails Prisoners (UTPs) of Shillong District Jail have been injured in a clash with fellow prisoners this morning. the GNLA and Sangma.
As she walked along the road she saw flowers and wanted to pick them.
“I would like to thank the residents who helped the child who survived the fall,” he said.
He said that the NPP when Conrad Kongal Sangma came to hold a rally for the election campaign at Songsak Ground in Shahlang in 2018, he deceived the people by saying: He said that if the NPP wins, within six months it will allow the mining and transportation of coal as usual, but so far it has not succeeded.
:The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh has inaugurated the Rejuve Aesthetics Clinic at Laitumkhrah, Shillong on the 10th of November.
Modi will be the first Prime Minister to visit Ulihatu village, the birthplace of Bhagwan Birsa Munda, according to a statement sent from the Prime Minister's office.
Hardware shops are also open and cannot be used.
Therefore, to blame the officer in charge of the Directorate is not right because he has to implement what others have ordered.
He directed the officers to come up with comprehensive procedures, keeping in mind the experience they have had so far to ensure that everyone receives the vaccines to address the challenges in the communities.
All the Kurs are requested to attend the meeting.
According to the directive of the Election Commission of India, Rangbah Shnongs are requested to announce publicly in their villages to check and review the Draft Photo Electoral Roll, so that there will be no errors.
Two of them, Celestine Lyngdoh and Coming One Ymbon, are currently Cabinet Ministers of the State Government.
After assuming power in 2018, the government has confirmed that funds should be allocated to complete the project which has been laid the foundation stone since
The age of the market and private profit drives the rule of law, even the faith in God, the worship of God.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Marweiñ said that this allegation is true, because Ratna Gogoi is the sister-in-law of Basanti Sohpdang, and because there is an understanding between them. They went to Ratna Gogoi's house and handed over the land in the middle of the house.
TW Chyne has been appointed as the president of the party for the past term.
“ For he that is dead is freed from sin.
Bobbies was wearing a blue shirt, gray sweater and blue shoes.
The Leader of the Opposition, has sent his condolences to the families of those who have lost their loved ones in the spread of the corona virus.
Perhaps most of the time it may be and may not be because there are many things but we will consider all these because in the end there is only one candidate and we will take that at the right time, " he added again.
The Dorbar Shnong has implemented this decision from today.
On the IPR department, she said that one of the main issues is the suspension of some of the requirements that should have been provided to journalists for many years.
He said that the NPP, despite many obstacles during its term, has put forward the needs of the people to bring about economic development and progress in all aspects. .
He gave those things to Rida.
Therefore, we have decided, as an experiment, in this area from today the Traffic Department will issue an order that from 8:00 pm to 11:00 pm and 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm Taxis will be allowed only to pick up passengers and will not be allowed to park passengers. He also appealed to the public and drivers of commercial vehicles not to create problems for themselves but to cooperate with the drivers. They should also stand from the right place to think of others and not just for their own good.
Although there was no Syiem in the Jaintia Hima because it had become a British Area, Dr. John Roberts felt that the Jaintia Hima was abolished by the French and only the Daloi were appointed. it is within the jurisdiction of one nation.
“So these are the areas we have to look at, why are there gaps? So we have to call the principal secretaries and give them seven days to respond to the show cause notice issued by the PAC,” he said.
Simsang Sharks will play against Myntdu Lions on 30th October at 9 pm.
Even Ramhah couldn't stand it, but he broke his thighs.
Shillong: U Bah Daniel Khongsit, Rangbah Shnong of Bakur, on Tuesday expressed his dissatisfaction with the closure of the dam in four villages in the area, while the market in Tamabil and Bangladesh has not been closed at all. .
He said that through the collaboration of the government with private schools or schools set up by volunteers, education in the state has improved. Seng Kmie in Shillong, what a great job they have done is a great blessing to the nation.
He has the duty to build up society by participating in the development of the community and the community so that it will be run in righteousness without any selfishness (Pet 2:13). – 17).
Shillong: Four members of a family have been killed when an earthquake struck their house in West Jaintia Hills District.
Details are not available, at the time of writing.
Confirm Sana (55), Stingbha Dkhar (67) and Denis Lyngdoh (75) scored three goals for Dahi FC in the second half.
There have been 25 incidents of shooting in the state, where 175 members have been elected to the State Legislative Assembly and 25 to the Lok Sabha.
Imphal opened the scoring in the 4th minute, but Ri Bhoi United turned the tide in the 48th minute through a free kick from Rustom Khriam.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nartiang Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Samla Orisiwell Sten, General Secretary of KSU Nartiang Circle on the 28th of this month.
The MDCs who participated in the group include LG Nongsiej, Chairman of KHADC, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Hadrian Lyngdoh, Morningstar Mawsor, Latiplang Kharkongor and Victor Rani.
The National Monuments Authority (NMA) has banned the construction of any buildings near the four ancient monuments in West Jaintia Hills. The Megalithic bridge at Amlarem, the Thlumuwi at Mupyut, the U-Mawthoh-sculpture at Nartiang, the stone bridge at Syndai and the small bridge at Syndai. .
For those who have reached the 1st Division, they will receive T.2400 per annum or T.200 per month, those who have reached the 2nd Division will receive T.1200 per annum or T.100 per month. If you reach the 3rd Division, you will receive T.600 per annum and T.50 per month.
I'm here, I'm using it to cook jyntah.
“People living in Delhi like Narendra Modi don't know the problems ahead, but they devise ways to hold power by using it as they want. a time when power rests in their hands" he said.
“Many of the workers who have not received their salaries have received only twice a month and some have stayed at home for months, just because of the high price of goods.
In today's agriculture, it is impossible to escape from traditional farming by using modern equipment to increase the production of agricultural products without damaging the soil.
Canada in recent days has rejected India's warning that the country is unsafe because of the presence of terrorists and is also a country that provides sanctuary to terrorists.
The match on the 23rd will be between Arizen Umsyiem and Mawshun at 12 noon.
The CEM said that there are also other projects such as the Maraikaphon Tourist Spot in Sohra and the construction of a market in Riangdo.
“That's close.
With the victory over Mawkhar, Ryntih FC have now earned 14 points by beating Rang Dajeed United and are now in third place with Langsning FC. from the points scored, but it was later than the difference from the goals scored, that is, +6 to +4
Members of the party led by Vice President Shemphang Nonglang and General Secretary Jiedskhem Nongsiej have hung banners around Mawkyrwat Market as part of the campaign to encourage and inform the area that the people are not to forget the selflessness and enthusiasm of Meiieit Spelity which has made the South West Khasi Hills District like this until the Government of India and UCIL are no longer willing to move forward on this project.
He said that besides the purchase of these fighter jets, it has also reduced the number of fighter jets from 126 to 26, and this has been done without consultation with various departments of the country.
“He went to follow up as he gave from his own plan, he didn't give up from his own plan and he should follow up but that is a scheme given by the government and the people have already rejected you and you are right. It is the duty of the MLA to implement the government scheme.
It also affects especially in case of emergency illnesses where people should reach the hospitals as soon as possible for treatment.
“Therefore, any law that the government wants to abolish can be done by making an ordinance because this is the way to follow and do,” said Conrad K Sangma.
Shillong: There have been 81 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state today, 24th March There were 1,574 people.
This is not a custom that we want to see especially in the State Legislative Assembly,” he said.
The purpose of the kur to lay flowers is to commemorate the 179th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima. it has not disappeared.
In the afternoon after the service, the message of the incarnation of Jesus and the message of God's mercy to the whole world by sending the child Jesus to bear the sins of us human beings was distributed.
“In the past 2 months, 04/05/2020, another precious soul has passed away.
The Jaiaw MDC, who was also the CEM, said that he does not agree with the KHADC's construction of the Mawnongrim which has cost T.3 lakh. During the clean-up, he said that as a member of the PDF led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem as CEM, he will ask for clarification why the money was wasted.
According to Gaurav, the purchase of fighter jets by the NDA government is unfounded and shows that there has been a collusion with the officials to enrich them.
However, the need for these illegal challans has encouraged illegal activities and evasion of taxes due to the government.
The discussion came recently, when the press-media asked and wrote about the absence of the parties involved in the MDA Government of Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, when they did not agree or did not agree. Government administration, especially on border issues and illegal activities, casinos and others.
They also claimed that they had paid T.20,000 to a man named Rafiqul who promised to take them to Bengaluru.
Murray, who is currently in 52nd place, in the final; He defeated Tommy Paul of the USA 2-6, 6-1, 6-2
On the other hand, the Paiem said that 174 women and 121 men have participated in the competition and the total number of participants has reached u year.
Ma Vincent Pala honored these two youths and also opened the 25th Anniversary of Rotary Club Jowai (1995-2020).
After this, Bah PT Sawkmie and the Executive Engineer of PHE accompanied by other PHE employees together with the village authority visited the damaged borewell in Mawroh village. for the repair and improvement of the water pump station near the village school.
Manipur, July 14: The Congress party on Tuesday launched the Bharat Jodo Nyay Yatra from Thoubal, Manipur.
Referring to the decision to join the NPP, Nehlang Lyngdoh said the reason is that he sees that the government under the leadership of Cornad K Sangma as the prime minister has listened to the demand of the NPP. The people of the state have been involved for a long time.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Shillong Circle has invited all the students, workers and residents of Shillong Circle for the third meeting of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Shillong Circle. The meeting will be held at the Jaintia Students Union, Shillong on the 20th of November.
Another person has been confirmed with coronavirus in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to
Through the tiebreaker, Ryntih SC beat Nongkrem by 4 goals to 3 goals and the Man of the Match was awarded. Shillong: The UDP Mowkaiaw Circle has expressed its regret that the MDC elections will be postponed for six months.
However, when we tried to get the opinion of the education department, the answer was not satisfactory because it was intended that it should be done online and it seems that the education department has no responsibility to inform and preach. about this book.
R Syngkon and Samehi Ryngki scored the second goal for Veterinary in the 18th and 80+1 minutes.
Expressing its condolences to the families of those who lost their loved ones, the KJCLF said that it stands with those people who have been affected by the conflict in Manipur.
There are four places to live in eternity.
Therefore, the plaintiffs find that the CAA 2019 cannot stand and has no basis to stand, it violates and discriminates against the minority tribals ie Khasi, Jaintia, Garo and other minorities.
If the Universities of Calcutta, Dibrugarh, Guwahati, NEHU have recognized the Khasi language to the degree, PhD, since the past century, the French Sahebs including Cantlei, PRT Gordon, BC Allen and others They have known, famous and praised this nation for being intelligent, which is in higher positions than others in this area, they say that there have been graduates even in the villages since the 1800s. .
It is learned that the job of the Rangbah Shnong is to look after the Khadar administration and to oversee the smooth running of the schemes of the State and the Central Government. , in the provisions of the Public Information Act.
In the letter, these organizations said that in the past, the appointment of Deputy Commissioners by foreigners who are not Khasi has caused a lot of problems in the communication in the language due to the lack of understanding in the language.
Today, the special Lehniam includes the Ryngkaw Knia at Khloo Blai or the Law Kyntang at Tuberkmai Shnong.
According to the NHS, alcohol can become poisonous after drinking alcohol continuously until the body can no longer absorb and process what a person drinks.
If any medicines are purchased from any tenderer, the price shall remain the same until the expiry of the contract.
Bran set his feet to the house of Lanosha who had waited for him.
Lajong had their chance in the first half when Gladdy Kharbuli steered the ball well but it fell into the opponent's defense and thus they lost their chance.
After receiving the complaint, the state police have arrested the suspect who claimed to be a policeman but was not a policeman.
On the other hand, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that the construction of the Polo Market is in the process of being acquired. from the CRPF land, the Union Bank because the government land alone is not enough to improve and beautify the market.
However, on the 12th of October, a man named Winchester Rymbai admitted to being the owner of the truck.
Meanwhile, Dr WR Kharlukhi, President of the party, announced that Bah Lamphrang Blah, who is also the Minister of Mawphlang Hima, will contest the mid-term elections to be held on 30th March. , in this Constituency.
When Mahatma Gandhi took the Matriculation Examination, a paper in General Knowledge included the following question: “What is more golden than gold?” Gandhi wrote in reply: “Truth” .7.
During this day, or the first 7 years and 3 and a half years, the Jews were allowed to offer animal sacrifices inside this temple.
The Champion also showed videos of himself ringing himself while playing kilan after his release from prison and he is a trained martial artist.
The injury was so severe that he had to sit in the second row of Mizoram.
Of course we will get that 50-50 which will be 50% UR and 50% Reserved among the Tribes within the border of Meghalaya.
Speaking at the welcoming ceremony for the UDP MDC to the NPP, Conrad said, “Bah Teibor is an example of the state who has fought against the unemployment of the youth by creating opportunities. thousands of jobs.
According to a report published by the news portal North East Now, Bah Rymbai has been under police custody for three days.
The registration of new voters will be for three constituencies, namely 32 Nongstoin, 33 Rambrai Jyrngam and 34 Mawshynrut constituencies.
“Although the party has given the best service to the state, many of the allegations against the NPP party are false. “It is unfounded, and on the part of the party, while they are still accusing us, while they are still speaking against us, it will encourage us to give the best service to the people”.
The name Ardhendu Choudhory road will always be the place of the Dkhars in the future like other places because foreigners will witness that he was the first to live here in this place. the red water covered the neck.
Three SCA-A batsmen included Dipayan Nandi (48 runs) off 47 balls, Advay Ratan Surana (21) and Rudra Singh Rathor (16).
Speaking to reporters, former Rambrai MLA KP Pangniang said that after a thorough discussion, they have decided to demand from the State Government to maintain these three polling stations. If these polling stations are lost, they will not be able to claim ownership of the land.
Before meeting with the journalists, u Synshar had met with the leaders of the HNYF, as the leaders of the HNYF yesterday, gave a strong warning to those who demand money in the name of the HNYF. HNLC and as the President of the HNLC, Bah Sadon Blah, is involved in the peace talks between the HNLC and the government authorities, as he is the Ksiang of the HNLC, the HNYF has come forward to explain to the people and She also urged those who have been extorted money to come forward and report so that the perpetrators can be found.
The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 585,493 with 18,653 new cases reported today.
“We hope that the issues will be resolved with the Prime Minister,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
This is a corruption.
NESO leaders led by Adviser Dr Samujjal Bhattacharya and Chairman Samuel Jyrwa today handed over a petition to the Chairman of the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) Rajendra Agarwal in Shillong. expressed one voice, that they cannot accept this Bill passed by the Central Government.
This government has destroyed the economy of India and does not know what to do”.
“MDA government, don't make a state that will soon be burned like Sodom and Gomorrah,” he said.
The use of green technologies in these nursing colleges will be monitored and adopted in accordance with the provisions to ensure adequate electricity supply and low carbon emissions.
They said that the incident has already been handed over to the police for investigation, but how can these people dare to reveal their names and this has affected the dignity of the country. Not only these four persons, but also the reputation of the Pillangkata Police Outpost and Khanapara Police Outpost.
The fish, when we say we have found those parts of the drug that are not suitable for public consumption, it does not mean that we want to ban any business but we inform the public that until it is found The fish is safe for public consumption, so we will tell them, and we have given them 100 days, we will test the fish again and we hope that this information to the public is not a mistake. “The government has the right to inform the public,” she said.
The people talk up and down, and ask each other, how the State Government will get.
We don't know how the Election Commission thinks about this statement of Bah Shullai, but it is indeed an unpleasant and inappropriate statement from the position of this leader, who has been elected. and we will see what other political parties, candidates, have to criticize about this statement of the leader of the party for the past decades. You are the largest country in India.
In addition, you have repeatedly violated treaties in all the princely states.
Police said that in both the incidents, the cause of the accident was the driving of the vehicles.
The death toll from swine fever in Jaintia Hills has risen to 198, while the state government has not yet confirmed whether the disease is African Swine Fever (ASF).
When I was sent to school by my father, I didn't want to refuse because I was afraid of being shot.
He was taken on by his father.
Tremiki Lamurong (32' & 73') scored two goals while Batskhem Thangkhiew (56') scored another goal for the winner.
Jowai, November 16: Two persons have died after a vehicle they were traveling in fell into a 50 meter deep river at Mookyndur this morning at about 9 or 10 pm.
They will be able to take part in the semi final and Aryan Borah may also be able to play after bowling well in the last match against Sikkim by scoring 12 wickets. wickets in this season of the Ranji Trophy.
They also presented to the President of India the order and directive issued by the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) on 26th April 2012 to the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of India, to take action. The National Commission on Human Rights (NHRC) on 16th June 2012, along with a letter issued by the National Commission on Human Rights (NHRC) on 16th June 2012, said that the and the implementation of the promises and provisions of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement ratified by the Government of India and the Hima Khasi States, is a matter within the legislative competence of Parliament; The NHRC has directed the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya and the Federation of Khasi States to talk to the Government of India on this issue.
They fall under the jurisdiction of the bishop or archbishop of the state.
We all sat together in the living room and there were dozens of purinams and puriskams, of many kinds, in which the one who was more intelligent could speak more and there was a lot of talk. Purno, too, laughed and laughed together.
What is more surprising is that when the family members went to collect the body of Mary from Lum Jingtep in Mizoram, they did not go to meet Golda as the owner of the house. Mary lived in their house.
To promote culture, arts, sports and music4
Chwamiki Ryngkhlem alone scored 57 runs from 78 balls while Neiliang of South West Khasi CA and James C Shylla took two wickets in seven overs.
In the 48-51 kg category, Khrawbok Marewein of Meghalaya defeated Bhim Bahadur Mote of Nagaland while in the 54-57 kg category, Pynskhemlang Nonglait defeated Kura of Kura. Sikkim and Prem Kumar Chettri.
To prevent MUDA from entering the Sixth Schedule Areas/Tribal Areas of Meghalaya and to repeal the Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act,
The East Khasi Hills District Selection Chess Tournament 2023 came to an end on Saturday at Govt.
The march was held at Sonapur, accompanied by East Jaintia Hills Police.
Therefore, the Nongpoh MLA urged the government to implement these three demands as soon as possible, which are also very important at this time of fighting against the COVID-19 pandemic. 19, because through these places it can be used at such times and in the future as well.
Thousands of Christian churches have emerged and each church claims that its church is the most beautiful of those thousands of others.
Now her mind, too, felt really heavy as her mother expressed.
The Government has also approved the Service Rules of the Meghalaya Commerce and Industries Department, as well as the Goods and Services Act 2019 as directed by the GST Council meeting. and will come into force from 1st July
After arriving in Jowai, Bengaluru FC invited the two players to the three-day final trial held by the BFC in Bengaluru in June.
He said that this is not the first meeting between the Ministry of Agriculture and MeECL but earlier it was reported that there has been a dispute from time to time that the Ministry of Agriculture has not agreed with the MeECL. He said that even after the Ministry of Agriculture has sent a letter to remind from time to time to install the transformer at the farm, the MeECL has come to install it later. three months ago and she did this even after the Ministry of Agriculture had paid all the money required, but she said that even after waiting for three months and after MeECL has paid the money but it is still slow.
The linking of the Aadhaar number with the voter name will allow immigrants to become citizens.
“In the Khasi, there is nothing to count as knowing only from yourself.
Earlier, the Sein Raij Mukhla leaders had submitted a petition to Sangma and urged him to provide financial assistance for the improvement of the 'Biar' pond. The Behdeinkhlam ceremony was held from the residences of the chiefs, the village hall, the parking lot and also to dig a fence around the Khlaw Kyntang as well as the Biar.
Initially, the Union Minister visited the ICAR and announced that those temporary employees who fall under the Temporary Status Employees (TSM) list, but who have worked for many years in the ICAR, They have now been recognized by the Government of India and have become full-time employees in the area.
Shillong, Naitung 11: U Bah Disparsing Rani, Prominent Public Servant of the State through RTI, on Tuesday said that the Central Government has not released Rs 600 crore to the State Government. for the MGNREGA scheme is due to the lack of timely issuance of Utilization Certificates (UCs).
The people have listened to support the NPP because they have not forgotten what has happened to them in the last three years”.
He appealed to the law enforcement authorities to arrest the perpetrators immediately and punish them according to the law as such incidents are not good for the society as a whole.
According to a source from the Control Room in Williamnagar, four or five people were killed and about 16 injured.
The Bansara Eye Care Foundation has launched a Diabetic Retinopathy Project in Meghalaya by conducting public awareness campaigns to eradicate this disease.
One policewoman was injured when she was stoned, as she was in the front line of the clash with the robbers.
“Likewise, drug activities fall under the role and function of these VDPs,” he said, adding that the VDPs will also receive training on drug-related measures.
During the inspection, the RBSU leaders also had a meeting with the Principal of the college, Dr. Mistilia Dkhar and 40 teachers, as well as the College Management Committee. President Bah Vincent Nianglang and Secretary Bah Kamlan Rymbai, said that after a thorough discussion, the board of directors of the college, took a decision and trusted the RBSU to do whatever is necessary. and that is to demand the upgradation of the Private College to a Government College.
“The seed that falls on rocky ground without Hyndai sprouts in the heat of the sun,” he said.
KSU President Laitphar Synkrem said that after receiving a complaint from the residents of Amlympiang and Rongkum villages on the India-Bangladesh border in Amlarem Sub Division on Saturday, they went to the area to stop the plan. the government does not sign shiah.
He also requested that as the Seng in charge of the issues for the welfare of the community to cooperate and urged the people that if they find such shops to please to inform in order to act in accordance with the Act.
The Pulsar (ML05-L-3800) was stolen from the Assam Rifles DGAR.
Aritra Paul (37) and Agatchu Chetai K. Marak (39) scored 75 runs for the first wicket.
Shillong: Former Bhalang Leader, who is also the Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the leadership qualities of a person are evident from childhood, but many people do not understand this.
He said that the preparations for the construction of the Rs 5 crore water supply scheme in the name of Amshipai are progressing well and the villages from Amshipai, Shmiashyiang, Mawlong, Amutong and Pamtadong will benefit from this scheme. .
It has always been said that the cooperation of the people is essential, as well as to understand their value and duties as citizens.
Spokesperson of the party, Muhammad Khurassani, said that the namding can be used in many ways according to the needs, and will also surprise their enemies. our enemies will howl" he said.
The prejudiced leaders have tried to force Wade's false writings to include the mighty Syiem of Jaintia Hima and to show that he is just such a Syiem of Riewlum who was defeated by the Koch Syiems. and be ordered to issue money in his name.
There have been 11,502 new cases of covid-19 in India in the past 24 hours.
After meeting with the officer, the RBYO, through Bah Baiateilang Lapang, urged the people who do not have Adhaar Card, when they encounter the case that they do not receive ration, they should to inform the union and at the same time urges the distributors or even the Rangbah Shnongs in Ri Bhoi, not to intimidate or force the people who do not have Adhaar Card or to deprive them of foodgrains. .
“The State has said that the blueprint has already been prepared and the purchase of electronic weigh-pads will cost the State up to T.27 lakh.
Lakiang said the Tympang Club is an old village in Jowai and Ladthadlaboh and Newhill also came from that village.
Speaking to reporters after returning from the repair of the road, Bah Khardewsaw said that the residents and relatives of Mynñiar , it made him unable to listen.
If the financial power cannot work hard, the victory of the major parties will be more difficult and eventually the UDP and other political parties with fewer MLAs and Independent MLAs will become mere colors. a new Government will be formed in
In a statement, Rangdajied United FC Management requests the fans to postpone the match from 8 PM to 10 PM. The match will start at 5 PM and end at 8 PM. bring the freshness of the time for the spectators to go home.
Through this meeting, the leaders of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, have decided to implement their demands from the government, including the demand for the development of a Civil Sub-Division for the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit, Umsning Civil. Sub-division, Umden C&RD Block and Mawhati C&RD Block and other demands.
On my part and the government, we are committed to empowering our people as well as our own society.
Please do not be misled by those who want to scare you, but follow the guidance of health experts and the Government.
Answering a supplementary question, the CEM of KHADC said that the failure of these courts is due to the fact that most of the himas have temporary chiefs and these temporary heads of state do not take this matter seriously.
And the reason why I came to live alone here in the lawbah is because there is no place for me in the village which is full of byrsieh suda"
Nongpoh: U Sahil Jaman Passah, of Amjok Byrnihat village, has escaped from the robbery of two men on a bike. This morning at 12 o'clock, the youth was leaving the State Bank of India to withdraw money from the village.
So he demanded an immediate descent from heaven.
Dr. Ricky said that the Prime Minister has also promised that the election of the Chairman will be held in two or three months.
The truck carried the garbage and went to an unknown place.
He also appealed to all the residents to give their support to him once again so that he can accomplish the remaining works related to development works.
The polio vaccination campaign in the district will be held on 4th October 2024 for children under five years of age.
While the Khasi writers take advantage of the phrase 'u lyngngam u diko'
“However, he said that no one from the NPP has come to meet him.
“Hindu children studying in these church schools are prohibited from following their Hindu rituals such as applying mehndi, wearing flowers, wearing dupatta, bindi or kumkum.
Shillong, July 01: The Superintendent of Police (F&ES), Shillong, today said that due to the increasing number of robberies and theft of cables in Shillong, the operation of landline and broadband has been affected. According to the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) authorities, there will be a temporary outage.
“The bombing of the police is an act of inhumanity and misuse and taking the law into one's own hands and therefore we should strongly condemn it from all sides,” said Bah Dino DG Dympep, Chairman. The MPHRC strongly condemns the statement of the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang that the use of force, beating and bombing of people is a crime. thymmei of the law of the canon.
Congress MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh said the government should take responsibility to inform the media on the status of the work there so that the people can get clear information.
“Shuh I'll leave, you've been waiting for two hours,” said the Rep and stood up to put down the mule who was sitting farther away.
This will be the second time that KSU Shangpung will honor the children and youth who have passed in Shangpung.
The committee has also set up two sub-committees including the Working Committee and the Legal Sub-Committee.
“Many times when the road is being built in a hurry just because there is some work, there will always be a conflict between the contractors and the engineers and what is needed is to fix this slow process,” he said.
Houseful 4 has earned Rs 87.78 crore since its release on Thursday.
"In this regard, please take action and inform the public that anyone who misuses it should be prosecuted," said PA of Bah Sanbor Shullai.
On the other hand, Zenith said the government is inviting Expressions of Interest from companies to disclose the cost of building houses according to the relevant drawings.
Or there is a shortage of heavy wires in the machinery parking lots, but when there are such parts, the office tries its best to repair them in a timely manner.
He also congratulated the Interim Minister and the EC Dorbar for running the village smoothly and especially for holding this dorbar step by step. To maintain the unity of the village as established by the ancestors, the unity of each and every one brings about new work according to the time.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the owner of Polo Towers, Kishan Tibrewala, who was outside the city on the day of the incident, said he was deeply saddened by the incident. that can happen.
Nongpoh: A group of village leaders in the Mawrong Road area of ​​Ri Bhoi district, today held a meeting with the village leaders of the area. The decision to block or install a gate on the road from Umsning to Mawrong, which is also used by many villages in the area.
However, it is not the case that Thomas has changed the Khasi language but it has become a Christian language.
In another incident, 04 Bn BSF troops seized 17 cows from Rongtilla area while they were trying to smuggle them to Bangladesh.
The relatives of the deceased were shocked and went to look for her but they could not find her until the next morning when they found only the body.
Here we understand that it is God who has established that politics or government and the work here means to do right and rule right over our fellow human beings, for the glory of God Himself, who created these things. things.
The distribution of schemes also goes first to the leaders of the party of the candidate.
Therefore, our species needs special protections so that we do not disappear from this earth.
On the morning of the 17th, many of the vehicles owned by the owners of the vehicles were evacuated from the parking lot in Smit, but some of the vehicles that remained at the parking lot were those with Registration Number ML-05 K- 4158 (Alto-800) owned by Bah S.Wankhar, ML-05-K3
Besides awareness, there is also a need for rules and penalties that can be imposed by the Dorbar and are the san of the village.
There have been diseases that have a great power to kill...up to nine out of 40 patients have died and those who remain have become paralyzed or stupid, but now we can expect In the past, we accepted sickness and death as God's will, but now we confess by faith that healing is also. the wonderful will of God.
According to the plant, the complex will be a G+3 Storey Building with three blocks (East, West and North Block) worth Rs 40 crore on an area of ​​14700 sqm or Steel.
The competition will be witnessed by Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya as the Chief Guest and Fantin Joseph Lakadong, MDC as the Chief Guest.
People rely on medicines because they can be bought at a lower price.
They were involved in that covenant of peace because they (the Jews) wanted the Temple so much that they made a covenant and did not know that the covenant they had made would be broken.
Shillong, November 03: The 73rd Senior National Basketball Championship (MBA) has been won by the Meghalaya Women's Basketball Team on Tuesday. Assam, while the men's team lost to Haryana.
I didn't win the Gold Medal, I didn't win the Silver Medal but I got the opportunity to stand in the ranks of the winners, that is, by winning the Bronze Medal because I came third.
Psalm 90:10.
He said the state Election Department has already sent a notice to the Election Commission of India on this matter and it is up to it to announce the polling day.
Shiilong, June 17: After the road connecting Pynursla and Shillong was completely cut off by a landslide in parts of Rngaiñ on Thursday evening, the road connecting Pynursla and Shillong was cut off. The villages in the Riwar Mihngi area have been reunited after the NHIDCL has been able to remove the stones and soil that fell during the earthquake.
Please understand and spread, don't be like this just talking about people you take seriously like this, don't read your news like this.
The number of cases of Covid-19 in India has risen to 33 lakh with 75,760 new cases and 1,023 deaths.
If the Government doesn't have the money, the revenue collection has increased in recent years and the state has implemented the SGST.
He said that if anyone has any questions about the fish, they can ask the fish traders because they know well about this business and those who have lived in this fish trade for many generations.
Imphal, Naitung 22: The Manipur Government has decided to transport the Meitei people from Mizoram by plane from Tuesday.
“From the time that God did not create man, Satan did not exist”.
Jesus sent the water into a stick, and the water became better wine than the first.
On the allegations made by one of the senior leaders of the party, Salseng C Marak, who suspected that Faleiro, who is the leader in charge of the state, has lost his temper, Faleiro said: “As a Christian, I have been taught since childhood that I should not lie,” he said.
Besides, the development works of the area have been delayed due to the negligence of the government. The development works that should have been completed have been suspended. .
Conrad said the Government has already allocated funds for the construction of new offices for other C&RD Block across the State.
Indeed, there are indeed people who, although they are still poor in education, are rich and thus able to meet the needs of the people.
Referring to the non-implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme in the Census Towns, he said the Government has sent a proposal to the Central Government for approval.
When he grew up, he graduated from Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
In her words, Thakur said that the opposition used killing power to kill BJP leaders and claimed that the deaths of these leaders were due to the crimes of the BJP leaders. the opposite side.
Meghalaya, led by coach Deepali Patkar, will face nine teams from Sikkim, Jammu and Kashmir, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Nagaland, Manipur, Pondicherry, Chandigarh and Bihar. .
The work has been awarded to Tantia Construction Private Limited, Kolkata from the intake well to the zonal reservoirs at 12 locations.
Shillong: The North East Dialogue Forum (NEDF) has held a one-day workshop on the human rights violations by the police against the citizens of the state. at Manipur Press Club.
Everyone else finished earlier than them because they came earlier.
The illegal mining of land from the Reserve Forest in the Kakopathar Range of the Doomdooma Forest Division in Tinsukia district allegedly by a PWD contractor has angered the residents and organizations despite the letter on this issue. to send to the DFO Doomdooma office regarding the illegal mining of shyiap near the Na-Dihing and Hahkati rivers.
The revenue of T.278.66 crore is an increase of 32 percent from the revenue of the bank in 2017-1
In conclusion, the Khasi have their own valuable stories in the history of India.
iv/18 dated 13th October 2022.
However, it is currently preparing a DPR, with the assistance of ADB. The waste from the site will be used to generate electricity, plastic will be recycled and some others can be used for the garbage.
What do you think of El Salvador? Where are you?Don't google it.
Although the members of the group stood in line and shouted demands, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah did not believe them but his vehicle and other policemen accompanying him immediately drove to Nongstoiñ.
Once the boundary has been fixed, the fencing should go to Zeroline because since we got independence until now we don't have an exact boundary and what we have now is only a temporary boundary.
Smit will play against Lawmali at 10 am while Kith United will play against West Madan at 12:30 pm at the Assam Regimental Centre.
The Union will also try to visit and care for these trees so that they can grow and develop.
According to the rules sent by the NITI Aayog on July 10, Dr Mukul said that according to the rules, the government should appoint a State Level Committee (SLC) to head the State Level Committee (SLC). The Chief Secretary and the District Level Committee (DLC) to be headed by the CEM of the District Councils to prepare the schemes according to the funds allocated by the Central Government.
He said that as soon as we saw the news that the name of this candidate has left the party, we all the leaders and office bearers in Khliehriat are in darkness and demanded from the MPCC to take responsibility and resolve this issue immediately.
The implementation of the Meghalaya Health Systems Strengthening Project (MHSSP) by the State Government may be another goal by which the Government can serve better the people in the field of health but this goal will not be achieved. If the Government does not pay attention to the health centers in the rural areas, to provide medicines, the staff from nurses and doctors who are the frontline workers to provide health care to the people who really need it. you are healthy.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Publicity Secretary of the Federation of Local Dorbars Riwar Mihngi, Bah Edmund Khongngai, said that the Federation is waiting for the exact report.
However, he said that as youths, they should move forward and work hard to achieve their goals.
We cannot say that the state police have worked hard to stop the drug traffickers by arresting them from all over the country.
These four persons belonged to groups, where they were arrested for a fight after drinking alcohol and arson and damage.
When contacted by the residents, they said that since the day the Assam police came to stop them, they have not worked anymore.
She said that according to the Law Department of the State Government, there is no Provisional Permanent Residential Certificate (PPRC), and that the Permanent Residential Certificate (PRC) is the only Permanent Residential Certificate (PRC). ).
Image Credit: T7News.
As the demand for ILP is ongoing and as it is, even the state government has already approved it and now it is up to the central government in Delhi.
There shall be no Development Committee of the Constituency.
At the start of the match, the crowd shouted and shouted loudly and these fans expressed their desire that Lajong will win and they also hope that they will win especially after receiving the news in the They beat Goa 3-0 away from home in their first game.
Shillong, March 13: The funeral of Bah Kenny Warjri, one of the photographers of the PCN, who passed away on Tuesday after a tragic accident in Assam, was laid to rest.
Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie, who witnessed the final match as the chief guest, expressed his satisfaction that the KSU Umrynjah Unit has organized this football tournament. youngsters to promote this sport in the area.
The Minister also stressed the need to have entrepreneurs in agriculture as part of the marketing of harvested agricultural products.
“From time to time we see that our ministers go to Delhi to request or thank the ministers of the Government of India to release the fund which the state deserves.
The Government of Meghalaya has taken a major step to promote the cultivation of skud in the region by conducting a two day program on the theme “Stakeholder Consultation Workshop” to be opened in Meghalaya together with the turning your face to the work of planting flowers.
Dr. Nongkynrih said the government should have a Social Auditing Bill, because if the bill comes, it will provide accurate information.
Therefore, we can say that the main reason for our immorality is the destruction of our family, through the mother, as we see in the poem of Babu Soso Tham: “Ei ba teach me to love, The word, the sun, the moon to love;
When inspecting the road, the leaders and members of the FKJGP found that the road has been under construction since 2014 and should have been completed only by The union, as complained by the residents, is due to the inability of the contractor to complete this road even today that the residents are suffering and difficult to pass through this road.
Ma Harvis Phawa President of Seinraij Tuber said that Behdeinkhlam will be held for four or three days to pray to the Creator to drive away the disease and to grant him good health. the growth of the par within the kingdom all salonsar.
Declining to give the reasons for this, Prestone said, “Why should I explain in detail on that, why should I explain on that...I know but I have already said before the elections it would be better for them to "At present, the AITC has worked hard and has tried to reach all the villages and hamlets of the state to set up strong bases before the elections.
Shillong, Nailur 7: Ka Seng Samla Lachaumiere is surprised at the negligence of the government authorities in which for years the authorities have ordered the MLMTU office to vacate the house near the office. PHE, Sunflower.
“The reason why leaders have left their own parties and joined only one party now is because this party has a lot of money, not because it has a good foundation, and this It is only to strengthen the corruption because they are only looking for their own survival and in the rural areas there is terrible poverty”.
The selection of these players is based on their performance in the U-19 Boys' Inter District Tournament organized by the MCA. Three matches will be played in Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh against strong teams like Bengal, Uttarakhand, Hyderabad, Delhi and Maharashtra.
“Therefore, I put before you this request to direct the Electricity Department in Ri Bhoi District to immediately provide electricity to the village, to send an inquiry to the Ribhoi District authorities regarding the rumours, which are not true. and those who disturb the wicked,” said Bah Pyrtuh.
The Lok Sabha today approved a 30 per cent salary cut for all MPs for the next two years.
“So I will do as you have advised me.
The schools that won the program in West Jaintia Hills include Kharkhana Govt.
Shillong, March 19 : The people of Shillong including the leaders of the Mawlai Pyllun Youth Association, TULBA and the Bouncer Association of Meghalaya have come to welcome Bah Donbor Rumnong. who returned with a bronze medal from the WFF PRO AM Asia Pacific Championship held in Vietnam on the 14th and 16th March,
He said that the people should count on all those MLAs who are involved in passing the bill.
Mr. Eugeneson also urged the children to be obedient as they are the most intelligent in many areas of life.
You had to do something against these enemies.
U Balamkupar Marthong, Langja Govt.
He said that if there is any protest, it will affect tourism but until now there is no tourism policy. in the last 50 years how to make this a source of income for the villagers.
The results will be released before the end of March.
Speaking before the rally at Madan Iewrynghep, organized by the Thma u Rangli (TUR) and CSWO, Kong Bell said she alleged that the Sordar Shnong wants to reconcile the incident. affect the society.
According to information received, the incident happened at about 5 pm this evening when a motorcycle (ML 05 J 8849) which was on its way to Shillong collided with a truck carrying u. A woman died on the spot while the driver of the motorcycle sustained serious injuries and was taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to announce its candidate for the MP elections after the MDC elections. “It's a good idea for the people,” said UDP Secretary Allantry F Dkhar.
Furthermore, the Union directs all the Rangbah Shnongs in Nongjngi as well as the residents of the villages to be disciplined and not to allow such incidents which will cause instability in the villages. The President of the Village Council, Kermi O Samati, said that the villagers have created the same for the whole area.
The four villages which have been placed in the containment zone by the district authorities include Umsaw Riang, Madan Nonglakhiat, Mawlyngkhung and Syllei U Lar.
“ “We on behalf of the village will take care of this forest and will use it according to the wishes of the village especially to achieve the desire of the village to turn this area into a Reserved Forest and to eradicate the illegal logging of trees, the cultivation of synsar which has destroyed the growth of the trees,” said Elias.
On the other hand, the relatives of the deceased have been searching for the youth for two days but at the time of writing of this news, he has not been found.
Each MLA receives a scheme of T.2.5 crore per annum or the MLA Scheme.
Shillong, November 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Upper Shillong Circle, Shillong, has decided to curb the traffic jams that happen from time to time on the Upper Shillong Highway. On 22nd November 2014, the Seng has distributed requests through leaflets to all drivers of vehicles, including all commercial vehicles from taxis, Sumo, Buses, Trucks and so on. private vehicles including two wheelers, which were passing through the road in Upper Shillong.
Because the schools run by Adi Dravidar and the Tribal Welfare Department have been recorded as the lowest schools in terms of academic progress, the officials said. The school authorities said that it would be better if all the vacancies of teachers were filled, so that the teaching methods could be implemented properly.
The Swachh Bharat cleanliness campaign in the country has been extended on the 2nd October Sunday, which Khasi Christians call 'Sngi u Blei' this weekend.
The Behavior Change Model for Living with COVID-19 assumes that everyone can be a COVID-19 patient and through this, everyone is responsible for maintaining social distancing. use of face shields and hygiene and regular hand washingThese three-pronged measures of the Government have been successful due to their timely implementation through technology to ensure compliance comply with the guidelines and regulations on COVID-1
N'Golo Kante and Kalidou Koulibaly have also left Chelsea to join Saudi Arabia. Karim Benzema, Ruben Neves and Marcelo Brozovic have also left Chelsea. Former Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard has moved to Saudi Arabia to take over as manager of Al-Ettifaq.
Khliehriat, Nailur 01:The East Jaintia Mineral Suppliers Export-Import Association (ESTAA) led by its President, Bah Wanshwa Nongtdu, today welcomed Bah G.Warjri, President of the East Jaintia Mineral Suppliers Export-Import Association The reception was held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat.
He said that the late PA Sangma has no longer held the two highest posts of the country, the post of President and Prime Minister (PM).
Drivers of vehicles with children will be fined T.25,000 and imprisoned for three years and the number plate will be cancelled.
The State Government has recognized the kynurenine as an agricultural commodity in
Sadhu Sundar Singh's visit to Khasiland began with a letter between him and Babu Joab Solomon, the elder of the Mawkhar Presbyterian Church, Shillong.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKPI) today collected water from 51 villages across the city to test whether it is safe for human consumption. The water supply was delivered from Mawphlang Dam, which was cleaned before being distributed to the residents of Shillong.
BJP General Secretary Bhupender Yadav admitted that this may be a typo, but the party has not changed its decision on the grant. These different religions were allowed to invade India.
Speaking to media, Bah Pyniaid said, “After two visits, we have set the dates but for unavoidable reasons we have had to postpone the preparations for the Mawbynna Festival. no".
Maduh also took part in the protest against the Hills State demand to Hahim in Assam on the border with Meghalaya and remembers that Khasi and Garo from the elderly and young people went to Hahim market to buy call “No Hill State No Rest, We Oppose Assamese No Hill State No Rest”.
Shillong: There has been a three-year delay in the payment of T.1,01,900/- to Bristil Khriam, after the loss of her house, in on 16th November 2017, at Rngibah, Mawkynrew, East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, March 4: Khadsawphra College on Tuesday celebrated the 146th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi by conducting a cleanliness drive known as Swachh Bharat. one India to make the country clean and safe.
“The Joint Executive Committee of JHLPSTA and MSSASA held on the 19th of this month, after a thorough discussion, unanimously decided to strongly oppose the implementation of the Explaining their objection, the leaders of the two organizations said that the Ubiattendance Website/App is a software, developed, owned and operated by Ubitech Solution Pvt.
The tournament was inaugurated by Kong RV Suchiang, Chief Secretary to the State Government in the presence of Kong WAM Booth Director of the Department. MSOA General Secretary Finely Pariat, state association office bearers, players and others.
The HYC said that the reason why the HYC has not opposed, is after they have seen many acts of violence by the army in those areas where they live and which has brought to the safety of the visitors and especially the villagers.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District today visited the Maternity and Child Hospital in Nongstoin after the equipment used for the MCH Hospital was taken away. and also met with the DM&HO officers to discuss the transfer of these equipment to another hospital in another district.
This rejection of Jesus as their Messiah by the Jews continues to this day, because they do not believe and do not know that he is the Messiah.
In fact, the Meghalaya government is afraid that it may lose out on this scheme announced by the government of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of the country.
In comparison with other states, tens of thousands and thousands of people have died, until people have been burnt, exactly like many of our farmers in the past; I don't know why, but......What has happened in these days is that the Government has sent to the people who have contracted this disease, to treat themselves in their own homes. and the villages were directed to look into this matter together and to spend it themselves.
Jowai, Lber 03 : At about 7:30 pm this morning, some robbers have caused a stir in the houses of people who have thrown stones, bottles and trees at the houses of the victims. It is located in the village of Nangbah.
He said that if you look at the development projects that the BJP government in Delhi has allocated to the state such as water supply to every household, the assistance to 2.5 lakh farmers in the state shows that the BJP has not Even though Delhi knows that the state has a large population of Christians, the development projects are flowing to the state.
In the past two days, 8.9 lakh messages were sent in the first place and 3.70 lakh messages were sent in the second day.
On the other hand, Bah Hek strongly condemned the incident of shooting of foreigners in the past few days. to arrest the people involved in this incident “.
This action of the VPP has brought to the glory of the nation, because no one has ever dared”.
Nongpoh: U Dasakhiat bha Lamare, MLA Mawhati Constituency, has withdrawn from his own pocket money for the repair of the Synod Rangbah Ri Bhoi District. to repair the road from Liarbang to Mawlasnai.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The BJP Youth Wing of the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) Meghalaya on Saturday confirmed its wing in Mawkyrwat constituency.
Shillong: The FKJGP is surprised to see that the organizers of the Shillong Street Art Festival (SSAF) have spread the portrait of Mithun on the streets around Shillong.
After realizing that Biren Singh would not step down, the people also dispersed and left.
He said that from time to time the BSF chiefs from the Commandant, have always said that if the people have any problems, they should go to the BSF because they are nearby to help them but it is not. smoke.
Speaking to reporters, the DC of West Jaintia Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes after the meeting between the two district chiefs at the Conference Hall of the Soil and Water Conservation Department, Jowai today, said that The meeting discussed the ongoing development works in the border areas.
Avner Medon Pariat, the VPP candidate contesting against East Shillong MLA and Chief Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh in the 2023 elections, has been expelled from the party for allegedly speaking against the party on social media and praise the other party.
He said that sometimes due to the overnight stay of the meat, they have to throw it away and this has caused them loss.
The MSA was able to conduct this initiative at the Crinoline Swimming Pool, which was attended by many young children and those who have started to grow up.
In India, there are now 85 BSF personnel infected with Covid-19, bringing the total number of BSF personnel infected to 154 and two of them have recovered.
In her speech, Kong Santa Mary Shylla congratulated these students who came forward as well as all those who passed the examination.
