At the same time, the village has set a curfew from 6:00 pm to 7:00 pm for eating khana.
The work and funding of the Central Institute of Indian Languages ​​in the research of more detailed information on the Khasi language and the publication of writings related to the Khasi language.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Out of the 20 members of HANM including a taxi driver who were taken by the police from the HANM office in Mawkasiang, 17 have escaped, but 3 leaders have been arrested. The President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Khar, has not yet been released.
to build a sports complex.
The reason for the shortage of people in Ri Bhoi in the past was due to common diseases such as malaria, Kala-Azar, fever and chills and even tuberculosis.
Jowai MLA Ma Wailadmiki Shylla who is also Chairman of MUDA on Friday launched the equipment and vehicles to improve the service delivery of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB).
India scored 10 goals in the 55th minute.
A.Syiem, District School Education Officer, West Jaintia Hills in her speech encouraged the members to continue to work harder for the cause of good and to invite others to join this organization. stand to serve or help others in many ways.
The Government of Meghalaya, even if it has amended the Meghalaya Residential Security and Safety Act, should continue to demand ILP from the Government of India.
The High Court also said that the benefits under the Assam Deficit College Central Pension and Provident Fund Act, 1997 and the Assam Deficit College Employees (Pension) Rules, retired before 1st June 2010 as well as those who are still working and those who retired after 2010 to
“The CEO has confirmed to inform all the Dorbar Shnongs so that they can give their views,” said Bah Nongdhar. Many of them said that they were not aware of this issue although they were given information and some of them did not know.
The BSF also seized three trees containing motorcycle tires, which were broken.
“After discussions with the committees, we will decide how to proceed,” he said.
Guwahati: The Home Minister of India, visited Bangladesh last month and during the visit, he discussed with the Government of India, the Government of India, the intention to provide a work permit, to those who have been considered foreigners, according to the decision of the Foreigners' Tribunal in Assam.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by George B Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi Constituency who was also the Chief Guest. SC Sadhu IAS, Secretary Agriculture & Farmer Welfare, Arpit Upadhyaya DC Ri-Bhoi District, Dr CJK Warjri, BDO Bhoirymbong and other officials from the Department of Horticulture and Farmer Welfare. Agriculture.
At the end of the Meghalaya border in Jaintia Hills it is only 3 kilometers to reach 3 kilometers and to the left of 3 kilometers there is a dirt road which is only 7 or 8 kilometers long to reach Assam Quarry. a large coal mine, before which it reaches a place called Sugarcane Bagaan or sugarcane plantation.
The message “I have requested Ph.
Jain University came first followed by Lovely Professional University and Panjab University in KIUG,
In his speech, he congratulated the Kickboxing Association in Ri Bhoi and encouraged the youth who took part in the tournament.
Therefore, when we won, we tried to strengthen the national party in Meghalaya.
Therefore, there is a great need for close cooperation between women and men especially in the implementation of the Meghalaya Compulsory Marriage Act and to support the enactment of the Equitable Distribution of Ancestral Property.
He said that there are many issues that are necessary for the nation and which should be discussed in the right places and if necessary should be discussed in the four corners but to talk on the streets the nation will not get. useful than.
This judgment will begin with the construction of the Third Temple in Jerusalem.
The pangolin and the pangolin were also brought to Jowai and the pangolin gave birth on the 12th of this month.
On that day, only a mombati ceremony will be held as a sign of condolences to the young woman and the public from parents, youth and various voluntary groups are requested to take part in the ceremony. They also demanded that the state and central governments should take action to conduct an investigation and give a fair trial to the family so that such incidents will not happen again. Students who leave the state to go to different parts of the country.
Police have strengthened their security at the ceremony to ensure that the ceremony can be held smoothly without any incident. they are disturbed.
Lakasein SC and Jalaphet Bri Sumer SC have 9 points from 6 games, Tluh SC have 8 points from 7 games, Lamyrsiang have 8 points from 6 games and Moochut Pyrdung has 6 points from 6 games.
Tel Aviv: Israel has shot down 200 Iranian missiles and drones in a strike on Wednesday night.
Therefore, the KJPA strongly condemns the university authorities and demands that these programs should be postponed to other dates.
In a statement, Kharduit said that many of the nurses of the Civil Hospital Shillong are on duty to treat those who have been infected with the corona virus and therefore some of them have not been able to do so. to attend the meeting, and many are on duty.
Replying to whether there are other MLAs who have joined the BJP, BJP President Ernest Mawrie said that the party is currently in talks with the two MLAs who may join the BJP in the next few days. Shillong, November 17 : The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) is ready to host the Ranji Trophy match against Sikkim at the MCA Cricket Ground in Shillong. at Polo from November 20, 2022.
He said it was not an opposition to the protest of any group but a small request of the Church for the purpose of holding the Presbytery service.
John Pike of GlobalSecurity.org said Kim's team was afraid that the world would know about Kim's health.
Meghalaya is the center of tourism in the North East,” he said.
He said this while campaigning for the NPP candidate from Mawkynrew, Bah Kanang Lyngshiang at a meeting of Jatah Area supporters held at Jatah.
The HITO has urged the CEM not to give the gates to the private sector but to run them by the council so that the council can avoid the financial crisis.
To be a speaker of the dorbar, a speaker or a lawyer, you must be a knowledgeable person and able to prove and prove the things that have happened in the village so that you can convince. ) to all the residents.
He added that the stadium, which is planned to be called 'Espai Barca', includes spending on other needs of the club.
He said that once the CCTV cameras have been installed, a separate CCTV camera room will be installed at the Police Station.
Bah Lapang, who went to school with Bah Hoping and stayed in a hostel in Jaiaw, said that since he was a child, he was the most able to help his friends.
While waiting to enter the room of Bah Prestone Tynsong, the members of the group held placards demanding the rights of Bah Cherish. The group will have the opportunity to carry placards inside the Main Secretariat.
Furthermore, many other development schemes have been implemented in these border areas.
He said that one of the ways to develop the villages is cleanliness along with other beauties created by nature and the behavior of the people.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the state government cannot accept the demand of the Adhoc teachers to upgrade from Adhoc to Deficit.
They said that the Congress is aware of the needs of women in Meghalaya and media coordinator Bobbeeta Sharma said that women build a special relationship in the rule of law and in the development of the country. par in Meghalaya and for this purpose, the organization proposes to take steps to improve the lives of women.
At the same time, he expressed his satisfaction with the announcement by former BJP candidate from South Tura, Bilykid K Sangma, to support him in this election.
Referring to electricity, he said that Mawkneng village has not received electricity for more than 10 months and the transformer is missing.
During the meeting, James urged the Union Minister of State for Child Development to take action against the Congress government in the state.
If someone has done good 99 times but has done wrong only once, we are quick to forget all the good deeds and we will realize that these good deeds are just tricks to get bad only once.
On the other hand, the two Sengs demand that the Government and the Local MLA should immediately cancel this order and take all necessary measures to protect the paradoh parasnam who have land in the border areas. concluded the organization in a statement.
The preparations have to go through a three-stage review including review by the National Level Expert Committee (NLEC) before being approved.
In these two intersections, household food security will be adversely affected.
Shillong, Nailar 23: Many leaders from priests and pastors have expressed their understanding and knowledge on the issue of Ri-Thlen, Taro Men-Aiksuid. their.
He also called on the youth to live and stand firm on the basis of fighting against the Indian government or the Meghalaya government because it seems that the government does not listen to any demands. except before the election she would listen.
It helps to balance the eye color with other parts of the face.
Almost all the Garo village leaders from 56 Garo villages attended the meeting and decided to oppose the order of the Hima Mylliem and KHADC to revoke the powers of the Hima Mylliem and KHADC. the Head of Garo Village.
When the time came for them to work or to pay, they went their own way.
According to the proposal of the party, which should have banned all alcoholics in the country, it came fourth and received only 12 percent of the vote.
“The railway is an issue that we have been talking about since I was a member of the KSU. There is no railway for the people and there is no railway for the goods in the state.
Shillong: The monument to the heroes of Meghalaya, Tirot Singh Syiem, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan N Sangma will stand in a brighter position when a large statue is erected next to it. at the State Central Library.
Police who were present at the scene are still undergoing medical examination and all the cases have been shifted to Ranikor Police Station, police said.
The Symbud Kongsan added that as a nation, the Khasi youth, although they are far away from home and in a place where they can no longer see the faces of their relatives or parents, they should not forget their culture and He urged the students that even if they are far from home, they should not forget their culture and heritage. Forgetting these important parts of Khasi life will lead to confusion and confusion in the lives of the youth of the nation.
As a rule, a man or a woman should have the right to build their own household, their own family together with their caregiver and their children so that they can build and build. to his family and to his tribe.
In the MSL final, Rangdajied United FC beat Khliehmawlieh Youth Club 1-0 to win the title.
The Committee will also advise the State Government on the use of new technologies to treat rivers and ponds.
Hundreds of forests emitted about 600 million tonnes of carbon dioxide last month, equivalent to 88% of the country's greenhouse gas emissions. House Gas'.
The small quality population will be the one that will attract foreigners to come to the house or to sleep.
Barley is also a plant that is similar to wheat in all respects, but it is not as valuable as wheat.
All the members welcomed Bah JC Diengngan as the leader to take in this difficult time to free the party from the shame and on the part of the people promised to work hard and also to win. On the same day, the office bearers of the Adhoc Body were elected. The office bearers are Bah NL Marshiangbai, General Secretary Bah GRL Marshillong, Vice President Bah GRL Marshiangbai. Kwen Rngaid, Bantalin Warjri, Forward Lyngdoh and Shaikes Nongrang, Jop War, Orland Marwein, Treasurer HL Myrthong and 13 Executive Members.
Voice of People Party (VPP) Leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has slammed Umsning MLA Dr Celestine Lyngdoh for his comments on the reservation policy. The MLAs who are not highly educated, he doesn't feel much but the statement of the MLA of Umsning has made him happy.
The Joint Secretary, Public Works Department (R&B) on 10th November, 2023, has sent a letter to the High Court to explain the progress of the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road. .
Shillong: Police have stepped up their patrols since last night and today is the day the NESO has called a curfew across the North East.
The society cannot fail to remember the contribution of Ma Sumer, who was also one of the founders and at the same time one of the oldest journalists of Jaintia Hills. The community through this shop which sells various kinds of goods to help the poor to get children's clothes, school books and other household items at affordable prices. .
Shillong, March 06: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that to improve the education of children is not only the salary increase, but the important thing is the spirit of responsibility of the teachers. in addition to parents.
Turkey has denied entering the Syrian border, but said the air strikes began last night, in what the country called the Syrian border. Operation Peace Spring.
According to Bah Syiem, on the night of 05 and 06 November 2015, 61 Samsung mobile phones worth T.13,71,440/- were stolen from the office of M/s Suman Transport, Paltan Bazar. They were smuggled from Guwahati to M/s Tradesell Communication, Jhalupara.
The union has also met with the Superintendent of Police, Khliehriat District regarding the incident and urged him to take action, said the union secretary, Bah Shaniahlang Suchen.
Shillong: The AICC leader has refused to invite other MLAs of other parties to form a government in Meghalaya.
FKJGP President Welbirth Rani, KSU General Secretary Donald V. Thabah, KSU General Secretary Scan Rini, HNYF Vice President Bipul Thangkhiew; President of RBYF and other leaders from the districts.
Shillong, Naiwieng : The Mawlai Phudmuri Youth Association (MYA) has elected its new office bearers for the term 2022 to 2024 at its General Meeting held on 25th November , at the Indoor Sports Hall Mawlai Phudmuri in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, the Village Committee, Members of the Mawlai Phudmuri Women's Wing and Members of the Village Defense Party (VDP) of the village.
The second eliminator will be between Khliehriat West and Rymbai Iawpynsing.
However, the Home Minister of India, Amit Shah, has announced that the North Eastern States with ILP are exempt from the CAB as well as those with the 6th Schedule.
Nanpolok from October to April is open from 8:30 am to 6:30 pm, from November to June it is open from 8:30 am to 4:30 pm except in the day is closed.
Police officials said that after receiving a tip, a police team has been formed at Nalhar Chowk since Tuesday night.
After the test, the result showed that he was positive for Covid-1
We need better farming methods according to the times, resources, adequate farming methods, good seeds and many others.
“However, so far no group has taken responsibility for the blast,” he said.
How can it be said that when pride has risen, destruction has not yet come?
“We demand that the Prime Minister and his ministers should resign because the people are the victims under the rule of this government,” said Bah Nongrum.
In the U-10 category, Sevilla FC beat Manchester United FC 2-0. The two goals were scored by Jingtreikamlang Suting and Ialanius L Nongbri.
Nongstoiñ, July 9: Leaders of the Union Rangbah Shnong Nongtrai Area together with the landowners, hope that the government especially the PWD road department will take action on their request to provide roads, as they have already requested and been accepted. to build roads without paying for land.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today paid tribute to the body of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala at Laitumkhrah Cathedral.
Information Secretary: Wanjop Nongjied 8.
Lamdame Sumer scored the first goal of the match.
This is not so wrong that we are not sure how to give an answer to this and can only give the facts.
Therefore, it provides guidelines on how to act according to the guidelines.
Prizes were also awarded during the March Past where Laitkyrhong in the men's category won first place and Mawlai in the women's category received T.10,000 each.
It may be recalled that recently, the GHSMC, AYC and AAYF have met and sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Garo Hills, urging the The Minister urged the Minister to suspend the proposal to build a Talasi mynder post at Umpher.
They don't want the government authorities to allow the mining to continue and they don't want the district authorities to turn more than 400 residents into pigs by drinking dirty water.
Since the opening ceremony of the Youth Festival, the Seng Samla Patharkhmah has organized various sports activities which have been attended by the youth of Patharkhmah. songs and dances of the youth.
In a statement sent to the media today, Bah Hopestandard Myrthong said that he believes that the Assam government has forcibly annexed the Hima Nongmynsaw Syiemship or Langpih which everyone knows well, but later The relationship with the people or the rulers of this Hima made me search carefully for the documents and as soon as I got a bsein I found that the Hima Nongmynsaw is part of Assam.
The award to the students who scored the highest marks in the Khasi subject at the Matriculation Examination (MBOSE) was awarded from 1984 to
In this regard, the Sohra Challenge said that it will send a letter to the SDO Civil Sohra to take action against the illegal import of cows without shepherds which have destroyed the farms. of the farmers in Sohra.
Purno arrived at the venue at 11:30 pm and was accompanied by his son MLA James K Sangma and Jengjal constituency candidate Graham. Thousands of people came to listen to the meeting.
They said that the PWD Department has directed the Executive Engineer to inspect the traffic through this road and to inform the PWD Department. They urged the Government authorities to stop the movement of trucks so that this road can be completed.
He demanded from the Father that he should be equal in value, equal in power with God the Father in heaven.
Nongpoh, Nailar 03: With concern over the situation in the state and other places, which has affected the peace and order, the MLA of Nongpoh today held a meeting with the people's leaders. , religious leaders, village headmen, civil society groups, parents at Circuit House Nongpoh, to discuss how to bring peace and order in the district and especially to prepare to stop any violence or riots that may cause appear at any time as there are always people who intend to cause disturbances or conflicts.
The Megha Kayak Festival 2022 is organized by the Ri-Bhoi Water Sports and Tourism Co-operative Society Ltd.
He said that the urgent need to build these three gates is because Bajengdoba is the gateway to Garo Hills District and Umling is the gateway to Shillong. and Rata Chera is the entry point from Silchar to the state so it is necessary to build these gates.
The SP said that the search and prosecution of drunk drivers and reckless drivers whether four wheelers or two wheelers will continue to prevent accidents and loss of life.
Shillong, July 26: The FKJGP Nongthynyi Circle today under the leadership of its Vice President Bah Malcolm Kharkongor visited Iew Rynjah and urged all shops in the area to remove the name “Rynjah Bazar” from their sign boards.
However, Biden said he did not need any more assistance after the recovery from the scene.
How can we say that this is an act of courage for good? Where is the future of that goodness? What is the good that we can see that God is doing and has done for society by allowing evil to exist, especially such evil? Either He is like Thanos or, by cleansing a few millions of people from this earth, and those who remain can move forward and build their society.
The surprising thing is why the Khasi MLAs from the UDP, HSPDP and even the NPP cannot understand this issue which affects the Khiewja of the people.
Linda replied, “Who are you?
The relatives of the young man had a strong belief that he would live again in three days.
According to the information received from all over Mawshynrut Constituency, the voice of the voters is only for the two parties, the HSPDP and the NPP. The HSPDP candidate is well qualified but the NPP candidate is well qualified, although he is well educated and knowledgeable. He is rich in wealth, but in knowledge he is still poor, say the elders from all over the world.
Justice Mohammad Rafiq was sworn in as the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan today.
However, if we explain this issue, the idea is clear because the true idea is for all the citizens of the state.
"“We hope that in the midst of these disputes, the Government will resolve the issue and open the door for discussion and discussion once again as the State Government does not have land and the land falls under the the responsibility of the District Councils,” he added.
He said other food items distributed to the card holders included rice, wheat and coconut oil.
In the middle of the night they fell asleep as if they were dead and were surprised until the sun shone brightly on the earth.
There are many opportunities if the people are willing to join hands from now on otherwise the danger will come if we are not vigilant.
The Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS) Byrnihat Area has urged the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) not to accept the demand of the Garo people to appoint Rangbah Shnongs in the border villages especially in Raid Marwet.
According to the President of NEHUSU, Pynkmen Sanmiet, at present there are 22 hostels at NEHUSU and these hostels are still too short and cannot provide accommodation to the students who come from NEHUSU. throughout the Northeast.
This time Bhumi feels that she should stand up and talk about how to protect the environment and also to set an example to others by planting trees.
Assistant environment: Tholad Passah 17.
Shillong, March 14: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in collaboration with the Government of India will implement two new injectable vaccines in the state for children to reduce child mortality in the country.
“Furthermore, Dr Mukul Sangma has criticized the response of other parties on the We Card and MYE Card by saying, “The NPP has no goal for the welfare of the poor and unemployed people. For the sake of the safety of all and as a party we make it clear that the promise we made to the people before the elections we will fulfill when we come to power”.
Speaking to Rupang, the General Secretary of the Association of Contractors said that two months ago the price of dewbilat was T.305 tyngka but it has been increased to T.330 tyngka today. T.340 rupees.
ES Ajar, Nongthymmai, ShilongThese words above are words of encouragement to this or that nation which is asleep and which is about to fall and which is about to lose hope, and before they perish completely.
Also present were Rev NS Phawa, Senior Administrative Secretary, Rev. P. Hynniewta, Administrative Secretary, KJP Assembly and others.
James said the joining of the leaders to the NPP would be able to meet the needs of the people and criticized the Congress for insulting the leaders who have a future under the leadership of Mukul Sangma.
The meeting will be held at the National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar at 1 pm and the HNA requests all the members to take their time to attend the meeting.
The race will start from Kiang Nangbah Stadium and end at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Biden won Vermont and Virginia.
However, until 4 pm, the DC did not respond.
The Publicity Secretary of the JSM, Skhembhalang Dkhar, said that the JSM is deeply saddened and strongly condemns the government for introducing the CAB 2019 in the Lok Sabha despite the strong opposition from the majority of the residents. India, especially the North East.
Celebrating this victory, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, inaugurated the Lakadong Festival at Laskeiñ Block in West Jaintia Hills.
Ribok Hynniewta scored 53 runs while Nehlang Pariat and Dao Passah scored 30 runs each.
The purpose of distributing these leaflets is to teach and explain to the residents how to count the vote or the 10 votes cast on the 27th so that the inheritance to come will be a blessing to the children, especially to the country and the nation.
The party and the people are not aware of the problems but the government should start looking for solutions immediately especially at this time when the sky is still allowed to work.
Personally I find it a very valuable article.
Answering a supplementary question by Zenith, the Chief Minister said that there was no interference with the officers in the districts in their work and this visit was to understand better. if you see with your own eyes.
Besides these two, the UDP will also have AITC MLA Ma Shitlang Pale who won on the Congress ticket in 2013 but has joined the party under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma. and 10 MLAs to the AITC on 25th November 2022.
Therefore, the time has come to end the discrimination against employment rights within the state and the 80% employment quota should be for the indigenous people of Meghalaya without any discrimination. Garo and Khasi-Pnar.
He said that the JAC will take up the demand with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and the two MPs , Purno A Sangma and Vincent Pala to plead for this cause.
The meeting was attended by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Information and Broadcasting, Minister of Information and Culture. In the presence of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Titus Starwell Chyne, Hamlet Dohling and Teibor Pathaw.
After the writings of Sing Syiem, MDC Sohryngkham and the comments of James Sylliang MDC Mawhati on the expenditure of the KHADC on the trip to Delhi, the Executive Member of KHADC u Neil Antonio War didn't hold the money.
These two actors, who have acted in some of the best films in the past, feel that there is a discrimination in Bollywood in terms of storytelling in films because tyngshops like Amitabh Bachchan even If you are older, you can still act in films.
The meeting was attended by Pilarstone Phawa Joint Secretary, Shnalad Rymbai President Eastern Region and Juh Shylla.
The Notice Inviting Tender (NIT) will be posted on Tuesday on the MJUNCTION Portal and the auction will be held on Tuesday.
When asked, he said that the implementation of this rule that anyone who drives a vehicle will be in accordance with the provisions of the Act is the responsibility of the law enforcing agencies or the traffic police.
He said his government has implemented many schemes to improve the income of farmers.
The HPC in its seven-page reply said that there was something empty and unpleasant in the proposal of the High-Level Committee of the Meghalaya government.
This is a long time ago, but the speech attracted the attention of many BBC readers, where Mahanandia said, “She dressed in a sari and met her father for the first time. I don't even know where she got the sari and with the consent of my father, we got married according to the custom of tribal marriage”.
There are about 2 crore Bangladeshis in India and the largest number is in Assam. When the CAB is implemented, it will be like a tsunami that will affect the entire North East. other.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The results of the SSLC (Class 10) and HSSLC (Class 12) Arts examinations will be released on 26th June.
The man said, “Do you see how the rooster treats the woman? I will do the same to you now.
“We encourage them to think about their farming whether they are from any side,” said Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, CEM KHADC. .
At the same time, Ms Noshmi Hahshah explained that the government through the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) provides legal assistance without having to pay any fees to the police.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Anupriya Patel, on Tuesday said that the stigma or discrimination against people living with AIDS in the society should be eradicated.
Regarding the lifting of the curfew, although the state still has 14 cases of Covid-19, Tynsong said that the people should not be afraid, because the The Government together with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has been able to curb the spread of the disease in the state, as at present those who have the disease are only those who have come from outside the state.
After the meeting with the union leaders, the Minister in charge of Education promised to take immediate action on this issue and in front of the union leaders he telephoned Senior Director NTA to look into this matter and to ensure that the students of the state should be able to write this examination in their own state.
He congratulated Punjab United for taking the responsibility not only to become his player but also to send him to school in the state.
“We have set up a committee headed by the Additional Chief Secretary to study the matter and it will submit its report within 10 months,” said Urban Affairs Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh. to reporters after the meeting.
Speaking on the occasion, he praised Andrew Shullai and said that he is a man who has a hard working spirit and a spirit of support for the poor. Ma Shullai's support for the 2023 MLA election.
However, drugs in these days have entered almost all the villages and households.
To earn the right as the Khasi said in the past, not to steal or lie or cheat as written in the Shiphew Hukum, that has become a myth now.
“Sangma also urged the technical schools to develop and include in their courses to keep pace with the changing times and technology.
Also present on the occasion were Wanshwa Nongtdu, Vice President (In-charge Jaintia Hills), Vijay Raj, Working President and other members of the party.
Ma Sniawbha said he has a firm belief that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma will continue to be the Chief Minister after the elections.
The farmers who suffered from the disaster include Branli Marweiñ, Tholing Kharlyngdoh, Ispilian Mawlieh, Eldaris Thongni and others. wei you farmer.
Bah Phemos Kharumnuid, one of the victims, said that on the 20th of July, 2013, a group of people came to threaten him at his house. There are also those who have been bombed and tied.
At the time of writing, it is understood that parts of the market, Motphran, are in turmoil, as there are people gathered in these areas and the police are also patrolling the area. these places and in the surrounding areas of Them Metor.
The sons of Japheth: Gomer, Magog, Madai, Javan, Tubal, Meshech, and Tiras...Genesis 10:2-8
For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and he that is tied shall be opened.
Earlier, Prabhakar admitted that the electoral bond scam is not only the biggest in India, but the biggest in the world. “After the allocation of funds to political parties, it has emerged, so the struggle is no longer between the two parties, but between the BJP and India as a whole,” he said.
The board will hold a meeting to teach about this in schools, as this evil affects the children who are still in school.
On 27th July 2020, the office of the Syiem of Khyrim Hima has issued an order to appoint Bitlinwell Khongthiem as the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Nohwet following the inconsistency in the election of the new Rangbah Shnong. on the 3rd and 21st of July
In the final of the women's Indian Round (Team Event), West Khasi Hills District won the gold medal after beating East Khasi Hills District.
The Union also urges the government authorities and other authorities to check carefully all the certificates from the villages issued to them, and also to inform the Dorbar Shnongs immediately if there are any. any type of dubious certificates.
“Don’t be fooled.
KSU Khliehriat Circle under the leadership of SS.Niangti President KSU Khliehriat Circle to inform the DC today regarding the affected families after the heavy rainfall in recent days.
Shillong, Naitung, 22: Suraj Prasad Gupta, 22, resident of Rilbong, Shillong has been injured in the treatment of a foreigner at NEIGRIHMS Hospital for four hours. In an accident in Umïam on Sunday at about 11 pm, it angered his friends and relatives until they had to fight with the security guards of the police station. Hospital.
In this regard, the Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has urged the public and owners of vehicles to refrain from installing silencers as this is against the Motor Vehicle Act and those who violate will be punished. according to the provisions of law.
As soon as Bhalang stood up, all the children, teachers, staff of the school and the chief guest were amazed at his ability to speak in a clear and loud voice.
“In the past, we used to slaughter about 60 cows a day but now it has dropped to 40 cows a day,” said Bah Warjri. thousand but now he earns only T.15 thousand.
It is to be recalled that the CSWO recently alleged that the transportation of timber by the vehicles of the MLA of Umroi has disrupted the traffic and has turned many places on the road into water. cause traffic problems for the people, especially for the school children who have to walk to and from their schools and in public transport, who have to face you carry your burden by walking on a path that is full of hands.
Projects or schemes to be brought to the Dorbar Shnongs such as roads, water supply, schools, colleges and others.
ek@gmail.com.
Sources close to the party said that today the National President of the party, Conrad K Sangma who is also the Chief Minister of the state and several party leaders may discuss and take the The National President and other party leaders have decided whether to accept another former MLA from another party to join the NPP. The number of candidates has now increased to two and this will lead to a fierce ticket race between these candidates.
APBS helps eligible beneficiaries receive their payments and helps curb corruption by removing bogus beneficiaries.
The need for a new landfill came after the expiry of the existing landfill at Marten in Mawlai Mawiong.
The skill of the SCA bowlers led Jaintia to lose all wickets in 26.1 overs and managed to score only 100 runs.
It has also received the Tura Municipal Board (TMB) which can generate its own funds to pay the salaries of the employees.
Gold medalist Skhemlang Suba u-18 boy, 1500 mtr Dabit Dkhar U-18 boys 800 mtr Anuska Majhong U-14 girls, High jump Rinalis Ingti, U-18 girls, High Jump.
Umsohjew also helps in the digestion of food.
This means that if the government regards drugs as an illegal commodity and a threat to society, it should take responsibility to eradicate it.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has issued an order to ban the production and sale of kyiad in Ri Bhoi District on the occasion of the celebration of the Independence Day of India. huri hura which affects the celebration and celebration of this Independence Day of India.
It was also found that in New Balakhwa, where Bah Michael Warjri lives, there is only one Khasi household in the area, but many of the residents are from other ethnic groups.
Can't the officers decide to do their duty? Why do you have to wait for the power from above?
For many years the marriage between “U Khasi” and “Ka Dkhar” went on without any insult.
Kropha said that although there are forest laws aimed at protecting forests, these laws cannot be fully implemented.
The youth of this age do not even want to speak the Khasi language but prefer to speak the Khalish language.
On this occasion, Ma Pala demanded a CBI inquiry into the illegal bridges constructed by the Transport Department of the State Government on the highway. NH 6, which has severely affected the revenue of the State Government.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today told the Members of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly that the traffic jam in Upper Shillong is due to the construction of the National Road. Highway No.40 between Umshyrpi and Upper Shillong.
Bolangir Police Station said that as part of the Mission Cough Syrup Campaign, which has fought against the presence of drug traffickers, they have been able to seize a cough syrup. intended by the gang on Sunday.
When the British came to rule Assam, they started collecting taxes from the Raid Dumria (Desh Demoreah) even though they knew that it was still part of the Shillong Hima.
They burnt the statue and shouted that the tar goods imported from China should be stopped.
There are 1,02,462 persons who are not full residents of the state.
“Flee also youthful lusts: but follow righteousness, faith, charity, peace, with them that call on the Lord out of a pure heart.
Police of West Jaintia Hills District since the beginning of the lockdown in the country have visited many villages to distribute food items to poor families from Raliang, Phramer, Ialong, children's homes and other villages. .
“It is only the beginning and perhaps in the coming days it will increase until the Government listens to the request of the people regarding this demand.
Two children from Meghalaya, Manbha Kupar Malngiang and Aiborlang Kharthangmaw, have been selected to compete in the tournament from 1st to 10th November in Thimpu, Bhutan.
In the title race, Messi beat a player from the same club; Paris Saint-Germain's Kylian Mbappe and Karim Benzema are other candidates for the award this year.
They have vowed to hold a stronger protest if they do not get a reply from the DC. area.
"The meeting of the opposition in Kolkata will be a sign of the loss of the BJP, which will not get more than 125 MPs," Mamata said. They will decide the government after the Lok Sabha elections.
The BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah constituency, who is also a Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, said that this is not the first time that the Hindi speech in the Legislative Assembly has been held in the past years. The state speaks Hindi in the Legislative Assembly.
Daloi KC Rymbai is the 7th of 10 children of Longman Rymbai and (L) Khroo Pyrbot who live in Panaliar, Jowai. He has four brothers and six sisters. He graduated from Matriculation from Jowai and PU from Kiang Nangbah Govt College Jowai. After the death of Daloi Layan Kynjing in Later , the District Council held an election Daloi in 2002 to appoint the full Daloi of Jowai Elaka K. Comet Rymbai and H. Carhome Pakynteiñ won the elections until 29th July 2003. K. Comet Rymbai won with 8829 votes. .Comet Rymbai is also the first General Secretary of the Khynro Khyllud Committee of the Seiñ Raij Jowai. Daloi K.Comet Rymbai has been the Treasurer of the Panaliar Dorbar since 2008 until his death. He was also the Director of the Seiñ Raij Jowai. Daloi K.Comet Rymbai has left behind his wife Finland Passah, four daughters and one son. The funeral service will be held on the 21st of November at the Khnap Thangbru at Pohhali Dulong Jowai. The funeral service will start at 9 pm from his mother's house in Panaliar Jowai.
These officers include one from the Anti-Corruption Branch in Delhi, three Deputy Superintendents from Visakhapatnam, Ranchi and Bhubaneswar, two Inspectors from Visakhapatnam and Bhopal and a Sub-Inspector from Dhanbad.
BM Majaw, District Horticulture Officer, WJH, in her speech, said that to focus on the farming of fish and to preserve the fish as these are the insects that help our crops to grow. “Without the fish, the plants cannot grow, because they help our plants through pollination,” said Ms Majaw.
Mark Wahlang.
There are many problems faced by the people in these areas due to the lack of roads, said a statement from the Women's Wing and Jakhong VO, Jakhong Village, Mairang.
The landslide, large trees, small trees, large and small stones have fallen along the hills on the highway and blocked the road for vehicles and pedestrians. They are no longer able to eat jam.
On the other hand, the MLA of Nongpoh, on this occasion, said that there are still four areas where the border between Assam and Assam needs to be completed. Nongwah Mawtamur Deshdomriah, Borduar and Block II so that once the border issues are resolved, the distribution issues will benefit the people in the border areas.
This means that instead of the contractor giving an estimate of 100 tyngka for the work, he will give a price of 150 tyngka, because he has to pay the share of the leaders and perhaps the officers.
Revelation 11:15/Revelation 21:1-4And to him was given dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages ​​should serve him: his dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away. and his kingdom shall never be brought to ruin.
In preparation for the upcoming MLA elections in Sohiong constituency, the National People's Party (NPP) East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday held a meeting to strengthen the cooperation to win the elections. The election will be held on the 10th of June.
On the part of the Vice-Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla, spoke on the intersection of various aspirations and opportunities that the Rozgar Mela brings with it.
(2) According to the history of the great plague from the 1120s to the 1920s, it happened once every 100 years.
Therefore, there is nothing else to do or say during these 400 years, they are just years of God's silence.
The Eucharist is for us to proclaim and share with others,” he said.
The government has decided to give the district councils two days to discuss with the lawyers of the KHADC and after two days they will bring up the issue to discuss the proposal,” he said. Chyne.
HK Singh Junction (No Entry): Vehicles coming from Chutwakhu and Mission Compound are not allowed to enter the DC Office through the road and must pass through the road to reach Jrisaleiñ Chutwakhu, Mynthong to Stand War except for vehicles. election vehicles and election personnel.
He said that Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) is one of the most difficult sports compared to other sports and at the same time it is one of the most difficult sports. which is more difficult to obtain recognition as a skilled farmer or a Professional License without the hard work of the farmer.
They were identified as Shilingbest Langrin, Hubert Marthong and Kmenlang Nonglang.
The state is ruled by the Congress party. This reporter asked whether the Congress party will call a curfew on that day.
Winning Garland Sungoh MDC, Raliang District Dolloi Chawas Lyngdoh, teachers, football coach Milan Lynrah and parents were also present at the opening ceremony. fathers and students of this school.
The programme, which was conducted with the aim of identifying talented sportsmen from all the districts of Meghalaya, witnessed the strong participation of the students of the area. They competed in events like Compass Drill, Vertical Jump, 20 Meter Sprint, 10 Meter Ladder Run and others.
Regarding their meeting with the DC, they said that the DC has promised to take action in talking to the officials of Assam, in order to stop the project of supplying electricity to Assam. in this area.
:The song “Ha ruh iman”, which is sung by Khasi singers, including Ram Suchiang & Larihun Lapang, is a Khasi song that has just been released.
The Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Deimonmi Lyngdoh, said that the farmers of Lapangap village had gone to visit their fields in the field, but the Karbi who had already waited on the other side of the field shot them with bird shot.
We don't have anything in our hands,” said Rijiju in Shillong today.
“We will sit down to discuss it and if necessary we will take it back to the dorbar for approval after discussion,” he said.
The Khasi Hills has faced many problems with the increasing number of women who are raped, the increase in child marriage, the inability to prevent the marriage of foreigners to Khasi girls. we are only for the sake of trade, the impermanence of wealth from one generation to another.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not yet commented on the incident in Manipur which started on 3rd January.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has announced that the remaining HSSLC examinations, 2020, will be postponed for the 23rd, 24th and 25th October
Shangpliang said that in the last dorbar, the House had approved the budget of the Social Welfare Department of T.71 crore to release this money to these people but they have not received it. faithful to this day.
Soils rich in potash, phosphorus and iron are suitable for tomatoes.
The Durand Cup is the oldest tournament in Asia organized by the Indian Army.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Jual Oram, on Tuesday said that the mid-term MP election to the Lok Sabha from Tura should pay tribute to the late Purno ASangma.
Therefore, as Christians we must decide that we do not know why God allows evil in the world” (Plantinga under Kraemer, 2002).
Wa'sa scored two goals through Gilseng Momin (8) and Threesbirth Momin (62min).
Shillong: The Central Puja Committee (CPU) today cleaned up the Umkhrah River at Polo and used it for idols. and they shall gather together all the garbage that cometh out of the idols.
The illegal entry of foreigners into the area is an opportunity to destroy the income generation opportunities of the indigenous people and the union after inspection has warned them not to They cannot earn money until they have provided the necessary documents.
The word “Labang-Nongphyllut Pangam Raliang” is a common name for the inhabitants of the village.
“The militants escaped from the shooting yesterday,” said SP West Garo Hills Mukesh Singh.
The All India Catholic Union (AICU) in a statement paid tribute to Mohan Bhagwat, leader of the Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh, for reminding India that Jesus taught be forgiving, compassionate and opposed to all kinds of violence and not to attack the weak.
According to police sources, on 15th June, Mahavir Prasad Sharma of Amrit Cement Plant lodged a complaint that on 8th June, Riki Palaong, driver of Amrit Cement Plant, had lodged a complaint against Amrit Cement Plant. truck AS-01PP-8882, and another, Ala Uddin, driving truck AS-01PP-8885, left the factory carrying 50 and 57 byrni of dewbilat respectively.
Nongstoiñ, March 4: The deforestation in West Khasi Hills continues not only for the transportation of timber to factories around the area.
One incident happened on 22nd November 2020 morning when a Jeep number ML05 Q 4115 collided with the Tihiang River and in this incident two persons were injured. Six people have died and five bodies have been recovered.
This behavior of some people has destroyed the livelihood opportunities of the youth of the area and this will also encourage the smuggling of foreigners into this beautiful place.
Earlier, the party held a short meeting at Mawkynroh-Umshing village in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong Bah L.Nongkhlaw and other office bearers of the village.
According to him, this is because some students have to go to other states to sit for the CUET examination.
As the parts of the Umiam Lake are very attractive to tourists, therefore, the request of those who spoke was to refrain from polluting the Umiam Lake, as it is one of the most popular tourist destinations. the most attractive places for tourists.
The researchers also found that each person looks at his mobile phone every 5 minutes.
Zaniel Kurbah scored in the 19th minute, Richmond Jiengap in the 37th and 44th minutes and Habankara Blah in the 40th minute.
Shillong, Nailur 1: The Rangbah Shnong of Umtlieh village in Ri-bhoi district on Tuesday said that the residents of Umtyrshing and Umser villages have been demanding money from members of the Karbi People's Liberation Tigers (KPLT). The union has given three months to pay the amount and if they do not pay they will face penalties.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma who expressed his confidence that the former MP will showcase his skills in this position.
After Australia's two defeats to India in the last match, the team has been relegated and Germany has been relegated by two places. 3 on the list.
On the other hand, Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA from North Shillong said that the election itself comes and goes and if anyone wants to stand and contest it is up to them. because all people have their own free will and the Constitution of the country does not prohibit anyone who wants to stand for election.
However, if the people continue to clear the forests, one day these ponds may have water only during the rainy season, but during the dry season they will turn tyrkhong like shrah soil and that is where the households. they don't even have to buy toilet water.
On the issue of peace and order, both sides must take action to ensure that peace and stability is maintained and if it is necessary to provide any development projects, they must inform each other. Conrad said.
On the other hand, when we look at Babel, we see that they have planned this and no one can stop them '...and now nothing will stop them from doing what they have planned' (Genesis 11:6).
Until now, it was thought that children were not infected with the disease, but these days, it has been found that children are suffering from stomach ulcers, sore throat and symptoms related to stomach illness and then comes the increase in prayer and vomiting.
This method of stealing public funds by a few people has destroyed the state.
They are drugs that work hard in the human body.
In the fourth match, Gideon Mukhim scored the first goal of the match.
The Legal Rights Observatory (LRO) said the group will lodge several complaints with the Assam police against the robbers of places of worship to arrest them when they enter Assam.
Therefore, after the village has been placed in the Containment Zone, the District Magistrate has warned the residents not to enter and leave the village on these dates. otherwise, they shall be punished according to the provisions of the law.
He said that if the government is concerned and has responsibility for the people, it should also clarify whether it has land and built a full block office and how many employees. they have.
Kuwait had to play with only 40 players in the match as Faisal Alharbi received two yellow cards after raising his foot and hitting Chhangte before the end of the match. .
Shillong, Jymmang 1: U MLA of Mawshynrut constituency, Bah Witting Mawsor, on Tuesday expressed his surprise over the discrimination between Khasi and Jaintia MLAs. ) of 5% from the MLA Scheme which receives T.2 crore from the SRWP and other schemes.
Nongpoh: Two persons from Bihar, Rohit Kumar and Premlata Devi, have been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police at 9 pm this morning. that they were accused of being illegal smugglers of Ganja.
Nickelsen Bina scored the first goal for Jatah Nonglyer in the 9th minute, followed by Daky Mukhim in the 11th minute, Martin Mukhim in the 16th minute and Winjestar Nongbri. in the 18th minute and Barrister Nongbri in the 40th minute.
On the 20th of November, the match between the two teams ended in a goalless draw.
Noting that the platform is similar to YouTube, Sangma said that the people do not need up to 10 lakh or 2 lakh viewers to benefit.
“For example, one night, we found 15 trucks carrying illegal rice from Burma parked near a police station at NGH as if they were protected by the police here.
“On the other hand, we would like to thank the DC for taking action.
The resigned MLA from West Shillong constituency, Bah Mohendro Rapsang, has filed his nomination papers to contest the election to be held on 27th June.
In all these years How many times has our world gone around the sun?Every time, it has marked my life,In all these yearsI have been strong. I have gathered all the wishes, that it may blossom once, To receive more of your hand in one bright morning light.
He explained that KJWA should not do this alone but in collaboration with the Food and Beverage Department of the state government.
Ma Lamsuk Langstang has been re-elected as the Waheh Shnong of Narwan, East Jaintia Hills District after winning the election held on Saturday.
It was also alleged that the Center has misused the names of pharmacies in Jowai to show that it spends money on the purchase of injections and other necessary equipment.
The residents have been asking the authorities who sent the team (the police).
The Court has appointed NESO Advocate Ankit Yadav as the Nodal Officer for the North East.
“The interesting thing here says the Word of God, – that until that fulfillment of the Gentiles has come in, all Israel will be saved.
Bah Donlang also strongly criticized the Sale Tax Department for not taking action to close down these shops even after the union has already informed about the lack of license of many shops.
The defendant and his colleagues working across the states have tried their best to end the case by requesting the High Court to suspend the trial or to lead the case. The court today also requested to postpone the trial due to the illness of the defendant.
Shillong: The employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Employees Union (MCCEU) on Tuesday said that they have already sent a letter to the authorities. all to request them to raise their concerns for discussion in the state legislature.
Earlier, she said that the ASHAs had to wait for months to receive these various payments which used to reach the point where they had to appear.
The scheme is funded by the Ministry of Women and Child Development of India.
God sent Ezekiel to prophesy, saying, “Thus saith the Lord GOD unto these bones; Behold, I will put breath in you, and ye shall live.
According to Bah Donbok, the two policemen involved in the bombing of the teacher, said that one of the victims in the videos released by the media is Dy. SP Aiban Diengdoh and another is Simsang Sangma.
In a statement, the president of the Lachumiere Youth Association, Elton Cliff Warjri, said that the house has been left empty.
The film is directed by Karan Johar, one of the most famous Bollywood filmmakers.
The unit urges the new EC of KHADC to follow the example of Bah Adelbert Nongrum CEM to strengthen the unity with a spirit of humility and respect for fellow MDCs so that they can develop for the better. for the benefit of the people of Bri Hynniewtrep.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Minister of State, Bad Alexander Laloo Hek in the presence of Joint Secretary, MCA President KM Warjri, General Secretary Bah Khrawkupar Pajat. members of the association, players and others.
The message not to send their children to school also comes from women.
He said that it is right that mothers should fight as hard as possible to send them to special schools for themselves so that their future will be as bright as the children who are worthy of education. again in the limbs.
If this is the case, where did that proper patient care go?.
Through this victory, Sohphoh and Tamu have qualified for the quarter finals of the tournament.
“It is because we have not received an explanation that the residents of the nine villages will not accept or allow the election of another Rangbah Shnong in Lumrit.
He also suggested that all the lights should be installed around the ponds so that the rain from the rud cannot enter the ponds.
He said that they will approach the district authorities for support if the school authorities do not give permission to hold the puja at the school.
The torch will be carried to all parts of the country and especially to 75 important places of the country as part of the celebration of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav.
Of these, 1,353 species or 78 (5%) are found in the country.
These decisions were announced by the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Peter Lawai at a meeting of the HYC held today at Laban Square behind the Shillong Civil Hospital.
In total, 19 trophies have been won by the mighty team during his tenure.
U Bah Sawkmie said that although it is only for the residents of more than 200 households, but as a leader he has a responsibility for the development of the area and he does not look to take action. only to the place where you are paid.
The group would like to thank the MLA, Charles Pynrope, Zi Mawlong, Donald Mylliem Umlong, Asha Lynda Pyngrope, Robinsius Lyngdoh, Rihun Biam, Rishalsius Pyngrope and all the subscribers of this group.
Khliehmawlieh is the only team from Shillong but the only team from West Khasi Hills to have reached the semi final.
The village was founded by 16 elders of the village.
Sangma said that under the implementation of the Early Childhood Development Mission, the government intends to upgrade the 2,148 Anganwadi centers which do not exist and to expand these centers by setting them in many villages and townships. open 1500 new centers in villages that have not yet been included in this mission.
Therefore, stopping recruitment is like blocking the way for young people to eat breakfast.
On the other hand, the village expressed its regret to learn that the Lyngkha Farmers Association of Moolashah Lyngkieng has admitted that there is a destruction of the dohum.
At the same time, she said that the NPP and its allies should work hard and take part in this revival.
In fact, he said that the PDF has not been ready to form an EC by force or to urge the Governor to do the job immediately, but it expects the ARPA to understand and do what it wants. “We are waiting for the ARPA to do what is necessary, but it has been shown by themselves, we are not surprised that this happens,” said PN Syiem. enough that if it happens to be four or five months or more, perhaps it can be said that there are reasons, but only within 12 days is something that shows their mental instability.
Despite all this, our nation has not woken up even today.
Nongpoh, 03 Lber: A truck (AS 01 DC 3677) collided with a truck at 18Mer village, Ri Bhoi District at 6 pm this morning. One youth died on the spot while another was seriously injured when an Auto Rickshaw (ML 10 A 8821) overturned and collided with another vehicle.
Jowai, March 19: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Friday. Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
After (L) Prof Pakem, no local professor has been elected as the VC of NEHU and now is the time to elect a local professor to lead this. that university.
The NIA has registered the case on 4th October,” said a source.
“I have seen the speech of the HNLC Leaders...my request once again to the HNLC is this, please come back to the speech because until we have spoken face to face to know what you want we will not be able I don't want to go anywhere.
“It's another name,” said Kharlyngdoh.
“To address this issue, the government has decided to become the headquarters of MeECL so that it can borrow money from the Power Finance Corporation of the central government to pay the loan to these distribution companies,” he said. to Dr Mukul.
“I strongly oppose the behavior of the Prime Minister where the law applies only to the small but not to the big.
In South West Garo Hills, there is a driver.
Dehydration not only affects the health of the body but also affects the health of the body.
He said it is true that the government is struggling to set up many Counseling Centers and it is the same government that has set up many wine stores.
Therefore, the union has demanded that the CEM and DC should take action against the illegal kilo cutting of agricultural products sold at the Iewduh market, and to issue an order and prohibition against the traders not to cut kilos. kilos illegally without any basis for the above mentioned products.
The award winners include Samla Skhemlang Suba who won gold medals in the 800 and 1500 mts, Albinus Rongpeit who won gold medals in the High Jump, Primus Ronghi who won gold medals in the High Jump. Rinalis Ingti won gold in the High Jump, Ritina Hanse won gold in the 400, 4×400 Mixed Relay and bronze in the 4 ×100 relay race, Melibad Kro won gold in javelin throw, Joitiful Narlong won silver in long jump, Anrisha Klein won silver in high jump, Anastasius Ryndongsngi won bronze in high jump. In weight lifting, Donald Rymbai won the bronze medal in the weight lifting category in the weight category of 109 kg and Ibakhamtilut Namsaw won the bronze medal in the weight category in the weight category of 71 kg.
The Seng requests and urges to refrain from spreading rumors and at the same time the Seng urges the public to follow the safety measures in relation to COVID 19 as directed by the Government, said the statement. Samla Dalumbor Kharpran, General Secretary of KSU Sohryngkham Unit.
The word “Look down” means to look down, to look down, to be disrespectful, to refuse to accept, to be prejudiced, to be unkind, to be unforgiving and others.
In addition, NEHU will send the letters sent by the All NEHU Workers Union to the Vice Chancellor of the University from 29th June, 28th July 2022 and 26th November 2022.
What happened to Isaiah at that time? When Isaiah saw these things, he said – woe is me! For I am dead, because I am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips: for mine eyes have seen the King, the LORD of hosts.
Police have arrested them and charged them under sections No. 52 (8) 85 U/S 448/364/302/201/506/34 IPC; and that the Meghalaya government has suspended government employees for up to 25 years.
We would like to thank the Women's Association of the Cathedral Parish, Laitumkhrah, for taking the initiative to provide parking spaces.
'The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
We are grateful to those who have followed this exactly like Myllung Soso Tham in his poetry, and Radhon Singh Berry in his ancient advice and the hundreds who have written books in prose in the Khasi language.
She said that their registration helps the information department when it inspects to check whether their goods are clean or dirty.
Questions have also been raised whether the Congress party will increase or decrease the 8575 votes that Dr. Pariong received in 2013 or whether the UDP will increase or decrease the 3864 votes. How many votes did Nongstoiñ give to Bah Nasar Marweiñ and how many votes did Kong Fenella, who is newly emerging as an independent candidate, get in the mid-term elections?
Khliehriat, Nailur 6:People passing through the National Highway from Umkiang-Sonapyrdi, East Jaintia Hills District have once again faced difficulties in traveling due to landslides and rockfalls. They came down and covered the road with jyrsieh which flowed widely on the road until the vehicles could not pass and this caused a heavy traffic jam in the area at Sonapyrdi.
These items were handed over to the Waheh Shnong of Wapung Shnong, Mutlang Dkhar.
Shillong: The West Khasi Hills District Employment Council (WKHVECA) today met with the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to discuss the issue of Bah JTS Thongni Chairman of WKHVECA, after a meeting with the Minister, said that the organization can no longer just listen. The Rural Development Department has reduced the price of materials in connection with the implementation of MGNREGS schemes. of 2012-2013 while now it has reached 2019-2020, this is unacceptable as the prices of commodities have increased in the market.
We apologize to the Syiem and the Dorbar of the Hima Nobohsohphoh Syiemship for the mistake of the residents of Mawsaw Village who have done this in ignorance of the truth by being misled.
The lowest attendance was in the Directorates, with 11.32 percent, followed by the Secretariat, with 16 percent and in the Districts, 49 percent. KS Kropha, Principal Secretary, Home Ministry, Government of Meghalaya, while talking to reporters this evening.
The fraudster not only cheated the applicants but also forged the signatures of the officers of the Soil and Water Conservation Department, Medical Officers, NEIGRIMS and the Railway Department. of the Government of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 4 : Out of the Rs 200 crore allocated for the implementation of various projects in Shillong to become a Smart City, the Central Government has released Rs 140 crore and the State Government has released Rs 55 crore. said the Minister of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar.
They don't want to come to the house of the wicked.
Many of these Khasi women have been married to Khasi men; Thus, there are cases where these Khasi women have been married to foreigners who have helped and raised their children.
Clifford's wife Kalpana Sangma is contesting this election.
When the friends and family members had finished eating and were ready to leave the Hotel Polo Towers, there was another commotion in the hall of the hotel. Outside the hotel, those who wanted to meet the suspect were arrested.
“Many of the officers have come out through the income of their parents to support schools and education with the income they earn from here. I can say that I am what I am now through this market,” he said.
“Those political parties have brought all those actors and actresses to come to this state, in the NPP we have our brothers, who lead us for us,” said Kong Ampareen. and exhorted the people that they should not be foolish.
The arrested man was identified as Bit A Sangma. He said that the two friends were identified as Taklu and Kari Ao. The vehicle was searched and several firearms including an AK-56 were seized from the vehicle in which the suspects were seated. Riffle with one magazine, one AK(M) with bipod & drum magazine, one AK(M) 5.56mm with UBGL, bullets and two grenades.
He said that it has been decided to try to complete these investigations within four months and the fee for the investigation is T.1 lakh until completion and T.10,000 will be given as contingency.
When they came from the fishing grounds, the sky was bright and the sun began to rise.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: Eight candidates from Ri-Bhoi District Legislative Assembly from different constituencies today completed their nomination papers before the Returning Officers at the office of the Deputy. Commissioner of Ri-bhoi District.
Langsning got another goal from Pale in the 36th minute.
However, if Kong Warjri is ready to discuss this issue, I am ready, at any time, in any place.
Shillong, June 28: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has demanded the resignation of the Minister of Electricity, Clement R Marak for his inability to control the power outage which has affected the people of the state.
The Deputy Director of Fisheries, Ma J Suchiang inaugurated the fish market.
However, Angbinus, who was the driver of the truck, escaped from the truck but was injured.
He said the EC has tried to introduce laws to curb foreigners but the state government should know how many of these people came before
What is needed is good communication and understanding with the people, by identifying and prioritizing these most important development issues.
Jowai: Three children drowned in the Kupli River at Thwai Moolieh on Saturday.
A good man is a citizen, but the BJP takes advantage of his goodness”.
According to the statement, the examination for the post of Assistant Engineer (Electrical/Mechanical) was completed on 13th November, 2019 and the result was released on 19th November,
The Government has taken this decision after commercial taxi drivers stopped their vehicles on the road near Mot Kiang Nangbah near Shillong Civil Hospital in protest against the implementation of the odd-even system.
“Of course we have not announced the candidates but there are those who have already been elected and those who are already working.
Leaders, members and supporters of UDP Pynursla circle together with candidate Bah Anthony Kongwang have donated money from the donation to the family of Kong Phanglang Khongkhñiañ which consists of 4 members including father and 3 children. They died in a house fire on the morning of 19th June 2023 at Mawlam village in Pynursla constituency.
Shops in rural areas may open four times a day under the supervision of Block Development Officers or Sub Divisional Officers (C).
The race will be inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner, Kong Matsiewdor War.
“They have placed their trust in the Council and have promised to provide close cooperation between the District Council and the Hima, to work for the good and to resolve the issues,” said Bah Pangniang.
The BJP state chief, Nalin Kohli, said the appointment of 18 parliamentary secretaries by the government shows that there is something serious within it, which will break down.
Nongpoh, Nailar 24: Raid Nongpoh FC today beat Shillong Lajong FC in a friendly match organized by Raid Nongpoh FC with the aim of raising funds to support Nomiwell School. The secondary school is located in Nongpoh.
The right to land remains in the Khasi Hima,” said a statement from the HYC General Secretary Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
In the home, which is known as the 'Balang Rympei', parents are the first preachers of the faith to their children by word and example.
The group was formed due to concern over the damsite bridge which is too long and which could put the lives of the residents of Ribhoi Mihngi at great risk especially those villages through which the Umiam River flows.
After the incident, police received a tip and rushed to the house but it was empty as Lily died and several bullet marks were found on her body.
Shillong, July 14: The CSWO has alleged that a family since 1995 has been evicted from the village and deprived of benefits just because it has not paid the contribution fee of T.2 tyngka on a complaint by the CSWO. Seng Longkmie to the Khlieh Umtrew Tdoh Village Authority, Ri-Bhoi District.
The ASHA workers under the umbrella of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers' Union (MAWU) have been on indefinite strike since the 7th of this month, as a sign of protest against the Government's silence on their demands. which includes an increase in salary from T.2,000 to T.5,0
They are very meaningful words especially in these times when MA-NGA and HA-NGA rule the nation of the children of Hynniewtrep.
KSU leaders from the Mawlai Units said that the expulsion of the President was not due to the reasons informed by the Central Body. One of its members is Wanstep Dkhar who is also the Finance Assistant of the KSU Sengkmie.
Proposals in India through changes in trend and approach It is worth mentioning that after independence, elections in India have been held since 1952 onwards. .
Replying to the comments of the opposition, Conrad K Sangma said this is an opportunity for the government to clarify its work in the last two and a half years.
“We have already set up a committee and it has been handed over to me and we will improve it as the Government is still giving us time.
In the 70 kgs category, Wanraplang Thubru became the winner of the Overall Champion in Bodybuilding this year.
They also said that the parents here do not give birth to their children unless there is a serious illness in the mother during childbirth or there is a problem in the womb.
Shortly after, in 2004, he released a song titled “Mano?” The All Meghalaya Dancers' Association (AMDA) acknowledges that Kharkongor was a pioneer of dancers in the past. Until now, he has been with the party from time to time to encourage our talented people.
He said the government has decided to have its own place to put the children because until now it has been taking them from private homes.
“I would like to thank the Chairman who conducted this meeting and especially to you the many people.
After the approval of the President, the CAB became law.
Most of the residents from all over the country have lodged complaints at many police stations over the loss of their phones.
He will act and speak as a glorious man, a god, a glorious man before Israel and will allow the Israelites to build the Third Temple in Jerusalem.
They were welcomed by Bah KP Pangniang, President of the HSPDP, Bah Martle N. Mukhim, MDC Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah PB Sylliang, President of the HSPDP. HSPDP Ri Bhoi, Bah Primson Makdoh and many other HSPDP leaders and supporters.
“We have some injured players but others are strong enough to give their best tomorrow,” Punjab manager Davinder Singh said.
These misuse of council funds are from its offices in Nongpoh and Nongstoin.
The meeting was short-lived, as Robbins had to attend another meeting in Normandy.
In the past few days, during the inspection of many farmland in the villages of Lyngngam and Muliang, it was found that many of the residents in these areas live on The most common crops are synsar, sugarcane, sying, kait, and many kinds of vegetables.
These people today on the 29th, expressed their gratitude and encouragement, to the 10 Border Villages in Tarabari Sector and Gizang who came to encourage and support. inside the office of the Governor of Nonglang.
Members of CoMSO across the villages from Garo, Khasi, Jaintia and Ri Bhoi Hills have hung iong flags with slogans on the walls and hung slogans written on iong clothes in public places and vehicles. to demand ILP and to condemn the State Government for its delay in passing the ILP.
The remarks by the ruling party of the Meghalaya government came at a time of heated talks and border dispute between the Assam and Meghalaya governments.
Grace said that the money misappropriated amounted to T.34,30,000 and was misappropriated by an employee of the Council who works as a Forest Chowkidar cum Peon in the office named Franklin. Not at all.
“We don't know how much damage has been caused by the fire,” he said, adding that they are still calculating the cost to hand over to the government.
“Now we will wait for the time to catch that demon,” said Niakha.
In fact, the police today took him for further investigation on suspicion of involvement in the crime, but during the investigation he confessed to the Khliehriat Police Station.
Shubham Rasaily, who also won the Player-of-the-Match award, scored 63 runs for SCA (B) to set a target of 152 runs for the loss of nine wickets.
We have been expecting our leaders to resolve the border issue and implement the ILP for many years, but it has not come anywhere.
Therefore, the court rejected the explanations of the state government, and ordered that until all the conditions are met and until those conditions are approved by the High Court, the state government will Permission cannot be issued for the construction of new buildings or shops and other shlems near the waters of rivers especially near the Umïam River.
Photo: Billu Singh, in a meeting with the EM Elaka Sources said that Roshan Warjri handed over her resignation letter to Dr. Mukul Sangma at 4:30 pm. She entered Dr. Mukul Sangma's room three times and at 4:30 pm she went to hand over her resignation letter.
On the same day, the group also invited all the candidates from different parties to take part in the forum on how to explain to the people about the rights and truths such as The candidates from the BJP, NPP, UDP, TMC and only Bah Gopalstone Hynniewta will be the candidate from the Congress. from Mawsynram Constituency who did not refuse to be present and also without any misunderstanding.
He thanked President Droupadi Murmu for standing firm for the development of the people.
The Meghalaya High Court on the 8th of this month has ruled that the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries in the state government is illegal.
How can we love our nation if we still have a spirit of bishni and hatred for our fellow citizens?
Shillong, Lber 29: The SP of East Khasi Hills, Davies NR Marak, today held a VDP meeting at Mawngap Mawkharshiing Community Hall. He expressed his pleasure to meet with the VDPs who will look after the villages to avoid crime.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 08: The students of Ri-Bhoi College, one of the oldest educational institutions in Ri-Bhoi, today started the Students' Festival. The 36th Annual College Week was inaugurated by Ma Lakmen Rymbui, Minister of Education and Home Affairs as the chief guest.
The seven deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, West Jaintia Hills and one from South West Khasi Hills.
It is this Holy Spirit who works, speaks, and inspires all people, and this began on the day of Pentecost when Peter preached and later, the Apostle Paul.
Archbishop Dominic Jala was elected as the Apostolic Administrator of Nongstoin in
JOWAI: The Chutwakhu Urban Primary Health Centre, West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday celebrated the World Health Day at Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Jowai.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that she has spoken to the fish traders and sellers and they have informed that they have received the syrnod from the Karnataka government.
Kindly.
The Symbud Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that he will consider the relocation of the PWD North Division, Jowai to Shangpung.
In the Junior Girls (48 kg), East Khasi Hills won the gold medal, West Khasi Hills won the silver medal and West Garo Hills won the bronze medal.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has also submitted a supplementary demand for the payment of all the outstanding debts by the end of June. , added the minister.
After a fierce struggle, Mawlai scored the third goal in the 89th minute through Stephanfield Lanong and until the end they couldn't score anymore and had to go home with a 1-2 defeat.
Many farmers in the world and in some parts of India, have gone through the era of modern agriculture but in Jaintia Hills, even though it is a country related to agriculture, they don't know. I don't know anything about the way of cultivation today.
As the MLA of Nongrpoh Constituency, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, besides these border issues, he also took the opportunity to raise many issues before the Chief Minister including the opening of the Trauma. Center at Civil Hospital Nongpoh, to bring in a 132 KV power grid substation, the road from Nongpoh to Sonapur and other necessary development works in Ri Bhoi.
After seven IS NE flags were raised in parts of Goalpara district, these ISIS flags have been found in parts of Nalbari district of Lower Assam.
On the other hand, HSPDP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit congratulated Conrad on his victory and said that the Congress' defeat in Assam and Tura shows that the people want change. .
At the same time, he said that the rescue of the trapped people is ongoing but he refused to send more ministers to inspect as there is no point in visiting.
He also said that the mouth is the gateway for the body’s needs.
This amendment was introduced to address the shortcomings of the Act.
“This is an unacceptable honor in today's Assam,” he said.
Khliehriat, Lber 23: The Additional Deputy Commissioner (ADC) of Jaintia Hills District on Saturday celebrated the World Water Day. .Kharpuri, MCS was the chief guest.
Regarding the expenditure of the Mawsynram MLA for Mawsynram constituency, Bah Banshai Marbaniang, he demanded that the Chief Minister and the Chief Secretary should investigate to find out the truth. “I will investigate the matter and if I find that there is any misuse, I will lodge an FIR,” said Banshai.
“Therefore, ACHIKs who are citizens of India have the right to express their views, whether it is the behind-the-scenes implementation of the Roster System or otherwise,” he said.
Steveford Marweiñ, MCS, Extra Assistant Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest and took part in the flag raising ceremony. at the office of the District Sports Officer (DSO), South West Khasi Hills District.
When we really have the spirit to fight for our country and nation, we will leave behind our party feelings no matter what party we belong to.
In this regard, the Headman of Tiehsaw Village, Bah Moonshine Dkhar, said that in 2018, the Hon'ble MLA of Nongstoin, Bah Mac Millan Byrsat, along with The Superintending Engineer and Executive Engineer of PWD Department, have arrived at Tiehsaw Village for the improvement of the roads of Nongstoin.
“In the semi final, Meghalaya beat Punjab 2-1 and Karnataka beat Services 3-1
He said that the demand of MAWU is that they need higher incentives and that the government should not forget the ASHAs who have worked hard and dedicated themselves to serve the people, especially during the time of covid 19, in 2019 and
“I have seen the situation in the state in terms of khaddar rule so the little knowledge I have gathered, I want to use it to make Meghalaya a beautiful country again,” he said. state.
On the 20th of this month, the Assistant Waheh Shnong, Martiful Pamthied, General Secretary, Easterwel Pohleng, Assistant Secretary Easterwel Pohleng and Treasurer Lister Tariang were elected. members of the Executive Committee.
From Mawphlang-Balat-Gomaghat-Maheskola Road (L = 29.00 Km), Bridge No.17/1, Span=32.00 m, Bridge No.18/ 1, Span=6.50 m (Located: Stream) (Chainage at 18th Km), Bridge No.24/1, Span=8.10 m (Located: Phudjakhong), Bridge No.25/1, Span=7.40 m (Located: Phujawer) (Chainage at 25th Km), Bridge No.25/2, Span=8.90 m (Located: Phudksew) (Chainage at 25th Km), Bridge No.Span=8.40 m (Located : Stream) (Chainage at 26th Km) and bridge No.26/2, Span=19.20 m (Located: Stream) (Chainage at 26th Km).
Furthermore, these candidates who won this election were elected by the people of five constituencies and as in Ri Bhoi District, the results of the election 2023 have been announced. Umroi Constituency, many of the people are surprised that the NPP candidate, u Damanbait Lamare will defeat George B. Lyngdoh, the TMC candidate who is expected to win again from Umroi Constituency.
On the other hand, the party said that Conrad Sangma from time to time has said that the border demarcation is exactly according to the documents of 2011, but on the other hand, when the party In Sector 6 of Bakhlapara, all the villages including Lyngkhung and Jemrigoan should have come to Meghalaya, but these two villages have been given to Assam.
A souvenir and a tablet commemorating the jubilee were launched.
“According to reports, they fled after committing the crime, but they cannot escape from the hands of the law,” Singh said.
Out of the 331 students who passed the DSC examination in 2011, 289 have been employed while 42 women have not yet been employed. sun.
The office bearers include President Kungliona Darnei, Vice President Thianga Nampui, Secretary Sangpuia Nampui, Asst Secretary Lalrama Nampui, Finance Secretary Jhana Chungol, Treasurer Lovely Ngamlai and 20 members from Saipung. members from Mualsei, 10 members from Muallian, 15 members from Saizol, 11 members from Thuruk, 8 members from Tuidam, 5 members from New Jongria, 4 members from Saphak, members from Old Tiangmoi, 2 members from Lungmaicham, 5 members from Mualhoi, 3 members from Fiangpui, 4 members from Kulpui, 7 members from Jowai, 3 members from Saronbad and Cypriot.
There have been reports through the internet and various blogs.
“The ethnic parties are proclaiming that their goal is to protect themselves, which is also the basis on which they stand. the goal is to protect our own people.
“Those who feel that women should be allowed, we don't have any objection but there are many Hima which still allow only men,” said Bah Shylla.
Many farmers have already taken part in the meeting and are ready to register under this scheme in the coming season, Kharif
On the other hand, TW Chyne said that regarding the places where No Objection Certificate (NOC) is issued by the Rangbah Shnongs, it has been decided to issue strict orders to those who are not allowed to issue NOC without with the approval of the Council.
From 4.30 pm to 6 pm, there were dozens of drivers and some of them were leading children, carrying their own tums, but they didn't get a vehicle. stay.
He said the Government should have discussed the demands of the HNLC, because all these can be done through dialogue if the Government really takes the matter seriously.
Heroin worth T.3 crore and Ganja worth T.80 lakh and T.20 lakh were seized and a total of T.4 crore.
Lamphrang Kharbani, President of the party, told the media that the Inner Line Permit or (ILP) which has been demanded for a long time, regarding the border and the purpose of the party. Government which has promised in the By-Election to remove the Motor Areas from Mawlong Market Area, but which has promised to the people of the state as they wanted to succeed and the introduction of the Khasi language to be included in the list. not in the Constitution of India.
The workshop will be held in a transparent manner without any secrets to discuss the issues and development of the state, he said.
Jowai, July 10 : The Little Angels Secondary School, Jowai on Tuesday held an Enrollment & Investment Ceremony for the students of Little Angels Secondary School, Jowai on 9th July under the leadership of Doly Lamare, Guide Captain. long as Scouts-Guides.
JOWAI: The Chairman, Deputy Chairman and Executive Members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have been pleased to announce that the Governor of Meghalaya has given his approval to increase the number of their salaries from 1st June this year.
“We have decided to go to the homes where the injectors will give the right injections to all the households in the rural areas,” said Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Police have also arrested the headmistresses of two schools in the village. Two of the arrested headmistresses are Hana Kharkongor, Headmistress of Hermont Zenith Secondary School and another is Hana Kharkongor, Headmistress of Hermont Zenith Secondary School. Baiamonlang Lamin, Headmistress of Sunny Hills Adventist Secondary School.
People living in other parts of the country don't know whether it is stolen or unmarked.
“Therefore, we understand that we need to reshape education.
Of these, Kamrup Metro District has 295 cases and Kamrup Rural District has 221 cases.
This decision was announced after a meeting convened by the Dy.CM in charge of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong and the Dy.CM in charge of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang. Dhar and leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC), accompanied by members of the Delhi Gurudwara on November 7 at the Secretariat.
Besides these projects, another project is the construction of a gravel road from Keating Road to Lady Kean College at a cost of T.14,18,2
Sixteen teams from the region have come to take part in the three-day football tournament which started on the 7th and ended on the 9th October
Many will probably be eager to see Jungkook and Kylie face to face on their visit to India.
This rynsun is from China and has the name 'HUAGUANG' – it was smuggled across the border.
Speaking to media, Trinamool Congress Students Union President Samla Bansharailang Pyngrope said that it is unfortunate that students especially those from low income families who want to sit for the SSC examination have to fall behind. Instead of getting advice to prepare for this examination, they have gone to work because the government has not released their scholarships.
To date, there are 18 cases of COVID-19 in Pyndengumiong.
He said that the reason why there are so many opportunities in politics is that as leaders they have the desire to do better than others like other leaders.
However, he doesn't want to contest the election anymore, because in the last election he gave way to someone else, and with his blessing and support, he won easily.
He also urged the PHE department to take care of the government water supply, so that the people will not suffer.
The brother of Dr. Sailo said that Dr. John L Sailo Ryntathiang has served the people by treating the sick inside the hospital. Government of Meghalaya to confirm the spread of corona virus in the state.
The Amrit Mahotsav is a celebration of India's great achievements in just 75 years.
After the incident, the child was rushed to Byrnihat PHC for treatment, but due to the severity of the injuries, the doctors of the PHC advised to send her for treatment elsewhere.
It is to be recalled that two persons have been confirmed positive for COVID-19 in Khliehriat East and Khliehriat West. meeting with some people from these villages.
When Biswadeep is appointed, the High Court will have four judges.
Daplang has already taken the selection test in matriculation and passed.
Ardent also urged other leaders of other political parties not to mislead the people in terms of language.
If the Mizos, who are the majority Christians in Mizoram, vote for the BJP, it will be difficult for us,” he said.
West Jaintia Police Cricket Club won the toss and elected to bat first. Moodymmai won the toss and elected to bat first.
This is not surprising and I will tell you, if you buy land, it is valued by the District Collectors, the Revenue.
After six years of absence from his country, he was ordained a deacon on 29th March 2016 in Belgium after the authorities of the Province of Amsterdam Province saw that he was in Shadong. Bishop Lucas Van Looy SDB on 24th June 2017 in the presence of the leaders of the Salesian Society of Amsterdam Province.
The United States, Russia etc. have joined the UN to investigate crimes.
He said that in the midst of this lockdown, they don't know what to do because they have been dedicated to doing this for many years.
Some projects have been implemented for five to seven years, some have just started and will take time to complete,” said Saito.
It is foolish to say that Bah Hector is equal to the Chief Secretary when he is not.
Ampareen visited the progress of construction of the 100 bed Civil Hospital at Resubelpara and held a meeting with MLAs in North Garo Hills and government officials to strengthen the department. health and well-being of the people of Garo Hills.
Other speakers on the occasion were Parliamentary Secretary NR Marak, former Minister of State for MD Shira, Director of WEDS, Rev. FD Sangma, President of Meghalaya Hajong Association, PK Hajong and Asst. Director, Social Welfare, LM Momin.
“As a member, I will go to support Bah Pynshngain for Ranikor.
Jowai, Jymmang 11: Clashes have broken out between the Pnars of Khanduli and the Karbi of Karbi Anglong on Friday.
"When Modi went to France with Anil Ambani, the whole deal changed completely," Rahul said.
Meanwhile, police sources said that another body was found in the forests of Upper Shillong.
This article does not mean that I have to counter anyone but only as an explanation to many churches so that they will not be misled by such articles.
The time calls and demands us to live daily to fight and fight.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah also asked the Chief Secretary of the State, MS Rao to ensure that the payment of advertisement fees should be completed as soon as possible and also to provide necessary assistance in the delivery of the newspaper from Assam is Meghalaya.
The Executive Engineer of IIM said that the government landfill will cause pollution of drinking water in the area which is only 50 meters away from IIM. good for causing harm to the public.
When asked about the way the children of Meghalaya play cricket, what he found out during his presence with the team was that as players, the players of Meghalaya are still need to know more and I don’t delve into the details of cricket.
To prove this, it was also seen that thousands of kitmar trucks, including trucks carrying food items, have been seized by the Ri Bhoi Police in different parts of the NH-6
again sing.
“We have to think carefully from now on whether it is still necessary for us to talk about the issues that put the people in trouble,” she said.
However, no one has been able to persuade these people to leave the area.
Bah EK Lapang has been re-elected as Rangbah Shnong and Evensis Jones Myrthong as Secretary Shnong.
“According to the PGI marks of the Niti Aayog, it is pleasing to know that Meghalaya has ranked second among the fastest growing states in the country in terms of provide the necessities in schools from school buildings and so on.
He said that the Dorbar Shnongs in the state are finding it difficult to curb this situation because they show that they come to live with their families in the state.
Ethnic conflicts, pandemics, earthquakes around the world, these are the signs of the beginning of suffering.
Others who attended the meeting included Dr Manjunatha C, Secretary, LS Shangpliang, Director, Dairy Development and others.
Many young people who are still in school do not bother to read minutes.
Williamnagar is currently led by Deborah Marak with 32,021 votes, of which 16,567 are males and 15,454 are females.
As the Prime Minister, I am proud of you for playing well in a short period of time,” said Conrad.
In the second leg, Government Boys' HSS beat Adventist HSS 4-0. In the second leg, North Liberty HS School beat Sawlyngdoh HSS 5-0 Marianhill HSS beat Lumpyrtuh SS 3-0 and Ummulong Presbyterian HSS beat Ïalong SS 2-0 in the final match. 17 Boys': Amlarem SS will play against Kiang Nangbah HSS, Jowai Presbyterian HSS against Little Flower Ummulong HSS, HK Singh Memorial SS against Amwi Thanbuli HSS. They won 42 medals from the 9th Northeast Jeet Kune Do Championship which ended on Sunday.
When he threw the baikhan into the hole, he found that there were three lyndang and two pyllup, which meant that the earth was not open.
The President of the ACHIK Crime Council, Thomas M Marak, said that although it was agreed by the founders of the state to make Tura the second capital or the capital during the rainy season, it was not. This has not been implemented even after Meghalaya has turned 51 years old.
Before the performances, there was also a beauty pageant competition with the participation of young men and women and women from different villages. I'm from Mawkynrew Constituency.
Shangpliang said that there are about 20,000 job creators who have received the support of CM ELEVATE. you can't do it yourself.
This job is very popular because there are many types of farming jobs and it is necessary to look carefully at which one is more suitable or suitable for the person who wants to take it.
Transportation of food and beverages Writers and journalists Farmers and MGNREGA work in rural areas All duty pharmacies, LPG distributors and petrol pumps.
In the churches, too, many want to be leaders and judges.
On the other hand, the Seng will discuss in these days how to oppose these actions of the State Government in relation to the electricity department which has caused many problems from one day to the next. On the other hand, MeECL shall not be allowed to be sold or transferred to foreign companies or private individuals.
Troubles will always pass, diseases will always arise, demons will always flee, blessings will always come, curses will always disappear.
Wat the police didn't respond.
The RBI, along with the increase in policy rates, is also controlling the inflation rate.
In churches, even when singing, masks should be worn. 20) Avoid touching others when greeting. 21) Avoid using shylliah when praying and believers should bring their own masks. 22) No one shall be allowed to share hands such as prasad/sam or unclean synreit with others in places of worship.
They also alleged that after the death of the child, the nurses wrapped it in cloth and bread in the garbage dump and when they removed it, the body of the child was covered with dkhiew.
When the opposition came together, Adhikari urged the opposition parties in West Bengal to ensure that they do not vote at all for the election. Trinamool Congress.
Every year this day is celebrated on the 15th of March.
Vehicles heading to Shillong were stopped up to Hynniewmer, but those heading from Shillong to Upper Shillong were not affected.
It has de-ticketed many MPs, replaced many Prime Ministers.
In fact, the JHADC can earn billions of rupees from this forest alone if it uses this forest properly as agreed with the Dorbar Shnong Namdong.
The DC said it was up to the students and their parents whether they wanted to be injected or not.
He said he did not know who the girl and her family were, but he posted on Facebook through his name, after receiving it from Whatapp, but only after a while. He posted on Facebook and someone asked him about the post, but he deleted it, because he understood that he had done something wrong.
The sub-committee will take a final decision before submitting the report to the government,” said the Director of Arts and Culture, Kong Matsiewdor War.
Dr. Jitendra Singh said that the political parties should join hands to bring about change in the region through new initiatives.
At the same time, he promised that this training will continue every year while he is an MLA. Nongpoh, Naitung, 04: HNYM President Bah Louis Dohtdong President, Bah Louis Dohtdong President, together with several Rangbah Shnongs, have said that the Garo Rangbah Shnongs in the villages under the The Rangbah Shnong Pyllun has been appointed by the District Council and the Hima Mylliem to appoint a Rangbah Shnong Pyllun. bad Khasi.
The Union Minister also showed pictures of these Indians who were happy on board the plane after being brought back safely.
In the first half, Meghalaya Santosh Trophy Team scored two goals while PFR Football Academy scored 10 goals.
“Have they not talked to both sides to ensure that there is no violation of the law.
That coke is used in foreign dew factories and steel factories.
When asked about the number of three MDCs, including Albinus Lyngdoh, Victor Rani and Hadrian Lyngdoh, whose resignation the Congress party has not yet accepted; Nongrem said that these three members are with PN Syiem and “There are five true Congress members or false Congress members”.
I request all the KSUs – KSU Lyngngam, KSU Bhoi, KSU Jaintia, KSU Khynriam and KSU War to unite.
The office of the District Medical & Health Officer, East Khasi Hills District will conduct the Special Immunization Campaign in three rounds, i.
Kharbani said the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, S Kharlyngdoh, has confirmed that the MPDA has arrested Kharbani and he will be released soon.
The difference between the kur is not only between one kur, we find many examples where the difference is between one kur and another kur or between one kur and other kurs.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Generous said that the party is in talks with the relevant authorities to get permission or approval from the KHADC to relocate the cow market in Byrnihat. The market in Khanapara is no longer running smoothly.
All these people are from Jarain village, Amlarem Sub Division.
Bah Kharkrang said that the reason why he takes peace as a priority is because if there is no peace in the state, the state will not develop.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The PFR Football Club has won the 1st Knockout Football Tournament organized by the Kyrshanlang Multi Purpose Co-operative Society (PFR) at Sumer Umbang, Ri-Bhoi District.
In this way, the second wave of the disease will be prevented.
Nazarine D.Sangma (3), Daficare Lyngkhoi (37) and Anisha D.Sangma (5).
Monica scored 4/13 in 4.1 overs while Jayshree scored 1/1
Speaking to reporters, Ampareen Lyngdoh said that as the Minister, she has taken the initiative to conduct an inspection of the MCH Hospital after a petition sent by HITO and also from the village after the people of the country. -Bhoi want the hospital to be operational since it was built and laid the foundation stone in 2017 which has about 50 beds, because at present the hospital is in need of operation for the women. and young children.
During the inspection of the PHC in Nonglang, the Seng found that the PHC is empty and clean and there was no u Doctor, but there were only a few staff including two nurses.
The parking lot at Amsarin, Sohkha has also violated the order of the Supreme Court which allowed trucks to carry up to 29 and 30 tonnes of coal, Mawshun and Mawlieh said that the driver was illegal.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute (NEIGRIHMS) has suspended the examination for 19 seats of MBBS at the university. Supreme Court order on National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) according to CBSE syllabus.
The order came after 22 people were killed in the prison on Tuesday.
“That's why I came out.
The management of the school, said that in the year 2020-2021 alone, they have been able to allocate more than T.4 crore in the form of scholarships and this money has been donated especially for the students. those with disabilities and in addition, special assistance has been provided for those youths who come from poor families.
On the morning of 27th June, 2023, in collaboration with the TTAADC management and officers from Onokati District, the KHADC team left Khumulwng, TTAADC Headquarters. to go to the Khasi-Pnar village in Gollackpur which is more than 5 hours away by car.
It may be recalled that the age of the Umiam Dam has dropped to 41 years due to overcrowding and this is according to the findings of MeECL.
However, at the same time, it was understood that if they do not arrest those who involved these youths, then the government will have to take responsibility if any tragic incident happens after the deadline. .
Inter-religious tolerance is the essence of the democratic constitution which we cherish and this should not be turned into politics.
In Nagaland, two new cases of covid-19 have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
The three-member delegation led by Dr. Ampareen M Lyngdoh, Daniel Thangkiew and Dr. Viveknanda Singh Rathore, IPS (SP, West Garo Hills) have left for Imphal to assist in the recovery of those who are still stranded.
On the part of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Seibor Khongthah, he said that they have instructed the Society to improve in collaboration with the village.
This is called 'pedagogy' or the way teachers can explain to the children who listen to them.
The flames that burned the tyngshops of Narendra Modi and Amit Shah have made the mountain hotter.
Only one of the suspects, while the other escaped into the forest, was arrested by the residents of the Mahindra Pick up. They have arrested one of the occupants of the vehicle from Assam.
“Do you have a weighbridge in Nongtalang? Why does the weighbridge affect only Nongtalang? Why don't the village authorities of Nongtalang look at the example of Bakur-Dawki village where this market is in their village but Bakur Dawki village doesn't fight against the trade even though there have been many problems since ancient times because They understand that they cannot combine trade and village affairs,” said Bah Khongsit in a statement.
Man City are currently top of Group F with 10 points.
• 50% assistance in storage, including storage in remote areas.
“If you have already injected yourself, remove your mask.
“Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh was accompanied by the leaders of Ka Sur ka Bri u Hynniewtrep when he appeared before the Mawlai Police Station.
The Railway Protection Force and Railway officials went to the bridge where the railway line is located and closed it after a while.
The government needs to focus on the right way, how to treat the waste, how to use it.
Russian media reported that Ghani went straight to the residence of the Sultan of Oman, while other reports said he went to Dushanbe in Tajikistan, but the Tajik government said he had gone straight to the residence. reject that.
The Ribit Lake and Resort is located in Langkawet village and has a 5 acre pond. This land was donated by the Raid Nongkhlieng for the purpose of decorate it.
In the 1st Division, Mawkhar SC beat Marbisu 4-2
He said that during his inspection, he found that none of the blocks and VECs had displayed the permanent waitlists as mentioned in the rules. lead to the misuse of beneficiaries by those agents who are on permanent waitlists.
“In this raid, police have been able to examine and record 836 contractors,” said SP Kharkrang. country.
Justice BP Katakey said the Meghalaya High Court had recently issued an order regarding the central government's order to deploy 10 battalions of CAPF personnel to monitor illegal activities related to coal.
On the other hand, about 100 contractual teachers held a rally near the civil hospital and then held a march from the civil to the secretariat.
“This is an unprecedented incident in the government.
The group led by Phyllut wanted to prevent a foreign Pandit from entering the Temple, while the group led by the Rangbah Shnong and the Acting Dolloi (who passed away recently) wanted to bring in a a foreign pandit who was educated and belonged to the Brahmin caste.
After that, there will also be a Mombati lighting ceremony in the evening.
This shows that the state has suffered a lot and has not had any real development.
Of the 11 cases, nine are males and two are females and they have just returned from Chennai. Eight of them are from Dimapur and three from Kohima.
The meeting was conducted by the SDO, Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, I Laloo, District and Session Judge, B Giri welcomed the guests while the DC of WJH delivered the welcome speech.
Shillong, Nailar, 12: The State Government through the Home Police Department on Thursday issued a notice to transfer Police Officers in the districts of Garo Hills.
In the 2018 MLA elections, Congress candidate Bantyngshain Ryngnga received 4,332 votes followed by BJP candidate Jrop Singh Nongkhlaw with 3,390 votes.
In a petition signed by the Managing Director, Samla Pynskhemlang W. Uriah, it said, “JETS 24X7 is a two-wheeler operating system for the passengers in the state.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by leaders of the BJP, LJD, JD(U), CPI(M) and others.
The bridge has been constructed at a cost of T.23.12 crore and the state government has set a target to complete it by
He said that the hospital does not have enough treatment facilities, but patients have come from all over the country because it is the only hospital in their area which is at a distance of 70 km. 80 km from their villages.
Members of the Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) Shillong also gave training to the members of BAMJH on how to conduct checking in places where it is prohibited to carry weapons and other items. alcohol abuse, the way of explaining to the public from the way of speaking in case of any problems and others.
“We have invited these companies to start a joint venture with the government and we have started moving forward and so far 2 companies have come forward and now we will wait for them until the 18th November to know whether they are ready to work with the government through joint venture,” he said.
Therefore, it is important to understand that health is in our own hands.
Bah Mawrie added that all the development works that have happened in the past four and a half years; ‘they are themselves central government schemes introduced by the BJP which holds power in the central government’.
The NDA government today passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 in the Lok Sabha.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The All Meghalaya Poultry Supplier Retailer Association (AMPSRA) has increased the price of uncleaned beef to T.160 per kilo due to irregularities in the market. T.220 per kilo, while in other places like Polo Market, Motphran, Mawlong Market, Khlieh Iewduh and Laitumkhrah Market they sell at T.240 or even T.250 per kilo.
There are about 33,000 SHGs in Karnataka which have signed up with banks.
He said the Executive Committee today has set up a Special Committee comprising legal advisers and experts of the KHADC to look into the letter sent to the Governor. and to clarify on this point.
When asked why the Congress has suddenly gained power after the results of the elections in the state, some of them said that the reason is because many people have watched the last session on You Tube. The MLA in the Opposition is better off because he can speak on the issues of the people and the state as expressed by the Congress and VPP MLAs in this dorbar.
On this allegation, Prestone could not explain why the Uttar Pradesh Rajakiya Nirman Nigam has awarded the contract to the rejected contractors.
There are 158 cases of the disease in the state.
The MLAs who came later like DP Iangjuh and PN Syiemruh were only promisers to win the election.
Shillong: When inquiring about the price of food items in the market, the vendors said that the price of mur is not much different from what it used to be.
At present, the power outage of MeCEL has been severe in the state until jobs have been disrupted but the people are angry when it has increased the electricity bill.
Even Bety Jyrwa, President of the HNYF Women Wings, who attended the event, supported the demand of the people and on her part, demanded that the government should Improve the road immediately.
A curfew was lifted from 11 am to 4 pm to allow the residents to go to church.
Nongtalang College was represented by Sowanki Pohrmen and Eliteme Pohsnem who won the competition and will represent Jaintia in the State Level Quiz Competition 2021 to be held in Shillong.
Engineers from PWD and PHE departments were also present on the occasion.
Police have registered a case on the complaint of the family members but the question has arisen whether the girl committed suicide or was killed.
He said that it is time for the people from church leaders, villages, civil society groups to come forward to give their cooperation for the eradication of HIV. They should not be afraid or discouraged but should come forward to get tested and treated at the nearest health centres.
It is expected that this mission will work well because if you plant these Agar trees, it will also be a source of environmental protection.
Shillong, June 08: The Ambassador of Thailand to India, Pattarat Hongtong, accompanied by First Secretary Kritnarong Sereeswad and Second Secretary, Royal Thai Embassy, ​​New Delhi on Friday visited Thanchanok Uthaiwan. from North-Eastern Hill University, Shillong.
Like, it makes me wonder in what way is it going to be like this? The nature of Christianity shows that it encourages its followers to learn to read and write.
The two girls were identified as Pretty Pohplet of Syndai and Romphin Shadap of Narwan.
The program was conducted by Ms. Nydia Marbaniang, Monitoring and Evaluation Officer.
Speaking during the election campaign for the NPP candidate from Sohiong, Conrad said, “The PDF has convened its CEC on Tuesday and at this meeting they unanimously decided to join the NPP and on our part we will welcome the leaders and workers of the PDF on the 6th of June”.
“As usual, the awards ceremony for Indian football players is an annual program in which the FPAI has distributed awards at various levels according to the the support and victory of the players through the votes given to the winners by other players who have registered and recognized them as judges.
Shillong: Meghalaya has 444 km of border with Bangladesh and 72.8 km of the border has not been signed yet, said the Inspector General of the Border Security Force (BSF) Shillong Frontier Kuldip Saini today. These areas fall under the districts of West Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills.
Blenty was born on 25th June 1964 and works at the Anganwadi Center in Lumpyrdi.
This will be a huge loss especially to the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) which was formed by Bah Robert June Kharjahrin to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong seat to be held on the 19th of this month. u year.
Suchiang died in hospital.
There are also children who have experienced difficulties in the past, and have lost their courage or self-confidence, such children need guidance and firmness from their parents.
At the same time, he demanded that the government should accept and implement the increase in the number of EMs in GHADC to 11 as in KHADC and JHADC.
“Many of those who came to stay are from poor families and because their families are in trouble, they have been sent to this Mercy Home,” she said.
The village selected for the implementation of the project is Chota Killing. Through the School of Agro and Rural Technology, IIT Guwahati and the Department of Rural Development, USTM, the decision has been taken to select the village. This village for the implementation of this project.
On the same day at 2 pm, u Lyngdoh Raid together with his team, came to the place to open the foundation stone. this matter and to call to the table of negotiations for a settlement, as this matter has been in abeyance for a long time.
On the other hand, the Cabinet also approved the amendment to Section 5, Lokayukta Act to allow the Chairman to function fully, even if there are no full members and this will be announced by an Ordinance. .
Sometimes eating too much causes inflammation and there is a type of inflammation that lasts longer.
Speaking at the programme, Kong A Tyngkan, Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety for East and West Jaintia Hills, said that milk contains vitamin D and calcium.
However, in practice, it is the same.
The team was led by Pynshai Mawrie as Coach and Baremdor Kharmuti as Technical Officer and was accompanied by Dony R Ranee as National President.
Interested candidates will be interviewed on 2nd October
The urgent visit of Bah Syiem to Delhi came after the state government did not believe in the bill which has not yet been submitted to the Governor.
““The exploitation of foreign traders is that in the past there were no Khasi who sold beef and there were only a few Khasi who worked in this business.
He invited the NEHU authorities together with the students to visit Croatia in the coming years.
Earlier, the Minister said that the government has taken steps to monitor the increase in the price of commodities.
Many candidates have come from far away places even from Garo Hills to sit for the examination.
“Even when we tried to meet the Prime Minister, he said that we have not appointed an appointment,” said Bah Thangkhiew.
It is also here that the Lower Primary School is the most beautiful flower garden and it is necessary to nurture these little flowers to grow and bloom when the time comes.
After that, he regained his strength and finished his speech at the same place.
The ECC has ordered the State Government through the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board to collect the money according to the order issued by the National Green Tribunal on 8th November The NGT has already given four months to T5.5 crore of units of factories which have been illegally operated without receiving the Consent To Established. However, even after the expiry of the deadline which ended on 8th November 2022, the government has not been able to do so.
Kick Start Academy, which is fourth in Group A, has finished its season with seven points from five games.
Speaking at the programme, Rosana Lyngdoh, Director, Impulse NGO Network Shillong, said that the Impulse NGO works for the fight against human trafficking. those people to cheat, steal and steal just to buy drugs.
On this occasion, the Union Minister also distributed equipment to the children with disabilities and textbooks to 10 organizations that have set up schools for children with disabilities.
“It is not a big matter that should worry us but we cannot be stingy and we will ensure that the police department will strengthen the security forces so that it can prevent these situations from arising in the coming days".
“I am discouraged because I don't have the money to go for treatment in private hospitals, but here the cost of treatment is exactly what I can afford.
“In the wake of these incidents, there is a need for stronger security measures to protect the lives and property of the people whether those who stay in the state or those who leave for abroad. you can't leave.
At the same time, he said he has taken seriously to talk to the central government that the people of the North East should not be discriminated against in any part of the country.
He said that the NEC had allocated T.1 crore for the construction of the Center in 2003-04, but the requirements like X-Ray, Ventilator, OT Table have been placed in one centre. “Many lives can be saved if it is implemented,” said Bah Ronnie.
The deceased is from Tripura, she was tested for COVID-19 in Meghalaya and I have been counted in the state list as one of the deaths from COVID-1
Jowai: After 15 people were drowned in Khloo Ryngksan, another coal mine collapsed in Jalyiah village in East Jaintia Hills, where two workers, including a local and a foreigner, were killed. Ma Phillip Bareh, of Khliehriat, has lodged a complaint with the police that Elad Bareh (26) has been missing since the 4th of this month. Mooknor, Jalyiah and another body of Major Basumatry of Deinchynrum, East Jaintia Hills, was found.
Investigation against him revealed that he joined the PLA in 2010 and held the rank of Lance Corporal of the PLA. According to police, Khoirom is a thief who is involved in extortion and collection of money from traders and residents. of Thoubal district, Manipur.
In East Khasi Hills, 70 cases have been reported today.
At the same time, he said the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) has confirmed in its report that drinking water is unsafe and can cause many diseases.
Shillong: The 3rd Mawutieng Invitation Football Tournament 2021 was organized by the Mawutieng Sports and Cultural Club at Thohlyndit Stadium, Sohryngkham on Saturday. ), beat King XI (Smith) 2-0
Regarding the MUDA boundary crossing, the Rangbah Shnongs said that they leave it to the discretion of the District Council to talk to the state government.
He said that the meeting also sent a message of condolences to all the refugees.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, JBB&FA President Yoosar Kynjing said that the purpose of organizing such a competition is to instill in the minds of the youth of Jaintia Hills to enjoy it. a gym that can bring health and freedom from the evil deeds of their youth.
Meghalaya rainfall during last 24 hrs1
You must have a valid offer.
The earthquake shook about 201 kilometers from parts of North Mataram in Indonesia and about 518 kilometers inland.
When Jesus gave up His Spirit, He opened the way of salvation to the Father.
The story of the last days of this Missionary who transformed the way of serving the Christian Churches and the Missionary work by moving to a wider field of teaching the Word of God, is so sad that he he had to flee as a criminal because of the search and invasion by the British Company.
Shillong: U Minister of PHE, Bah Samlin Malngiang, on Tuesday said that there is no difference of opinion between him and Bah Renikton L Tongkhar. one.
In fact, as the leaders of the District Council, we should protect the culture, land, hills and rivers especially the Khasi identity.
“We are confident in our leaders whether in the State, District or Block and under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma and Bah Charles Pyngrope, the party has become stronger and has received the support of the people. said Dr Manas while talking to reporters.
In the presence of BJP leaders and BJP candidate from 17 North Shillong Constituency, Michael Kharsyntiew, General Secretary of the party in the state, Clarence Nongbet, Symbud President David Kharsati and others. of.
When contacted by the reporter, some of them said that they have started mining coal for a long time, some said that since the time of Indira Gandhi, others said that they have inherited from their ancestors while their household lives on coal.
Preparations for the 2nd Sohra International Marathon to be held tomorrow morning 30th November 2023 (Saturday) have been going smoothly. all, turned their eyes to stand out and reach the goal of victory.
He said CCTV is a big part of the world.
The state government and NHIDCL, an arm of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), have said that they will continue to build the flyover from Rilbong to Jhalupara as it is the only way to reduce traffic jams. The construction of the flyover from Rilbong to Jhalupara is part of the project which includes up to three sections of the road from Shillong to Dawki.
The Iewmawlong and Kharmetor Metor has become increasingly serious now because the previous governments in Meghalaya have not done anything or have not seen far ahead.
The sender did not elaborate on himself and said he wanted to speak to the Minister and threatened to kill him, the police chief said.
The women's football tournament was very lively with the participation of spectators from the elderly, women and youth of the area.
Jowai, July 28: The Mynso-B Village Council on Tuesday inaugurated the house built by the Mynso-B Village Council, West Jaintia Hills District. .
The Principal of Shillong College, Bah KD Ramsiej, hopes that this school will be a success.
“Under this Act, persons who have bad signs of being drug dealers, whether small, medium or large, can be prosecuted under this Act and will be imprisoned for three months. which can also be extended to 10 years," the Minister said.
The Alliance for an Energy Efficient Economy (AEEE) is a leader in disseminating knowledge on energy efficiency which is a valuable asset of India.
Speaking on the occasion, the President said, “Don't allow the fire to burn, don't allow the anger of the youth to become something else. even.
Shillong, March 27: The shortage of teachers in Government Lower Primary Schools in West Khasi Hills has created problems for the teachers and there are also schools where one teacher has to teach alone. only in one school.
“They have made their big promises, I would like to ask the people of Meghalaya, whether these parties will be in the 2028 elections, no one knows exactly...they are here for election visits or not. "Election Tourism," he said.
Jonathan Laloo, cousin of Heibormi, who was present on the occasion, said that according to his information after the incident, the JCB It was just a landslide which caused the ground to soften and as people who came from outside the state, they didn't know anything about it, and they went to sleep in that place.
Sambormi said that the presence of the BSF in the area is of no benefit and East Jaintia Hills is not a place where there are many insurgents, it is a place of peace and the party wants them to The BSF should not be on the border to protect the people.
The match will be played between AB FC vs SK United and FT at Moopynieiñ Football Playground, Wapungskur East Jaintia Hills District.
The body of Bhunia, with marks of injury, was found on Tuesday night near his residence, police said.
On the other hand, Bah Jayand Sylliang Local Director said that such incidents have never happened since the opening of the toll plaza in 2015 but the company has been able to do so with the permission of the Rangbah Shnong. He said that he, who was appointed as the local director, did not have any information about the toll plaza and was informed only when there was a huri hura.
You know now we are working at home and so please understand”.
In this regard, RUPA supports the UDP and urges the government to publish the names of those teachers who have been dismissed and also those to be appointed in the newspapers, so that that it may be holy.
Many churches were surprised by the protest of 13 political parties which was held today as up to 13 political parties held a protest and only less than 400 people came to take part in the protest. Members of the KSU who attended the protest and the march from the IGP to Motphran were standing only the flags of the KSU and the slogan, 'Maitshphrang Khlur ka ri' Shillong, Jymmang 13: The HSPDP has announced that the office blockade will continue tomorrow as they have not received any reply from the government on their demand.
The Seng also demands that those policemen who are involved in the decision to attack the people and who speak rude words in front of the people should not be punished.
This year, the goal is to eradicate malnutrition through lifestyle, the main objective of Mission Poshan
She said that in the last 20 months she has tried hard to maintain peace and order in the state.
Regarding the refusal of the MLA from Mawkyrwat, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, who belongs to the same party to sign the letter, Bah Samlin Malngiang said that This is the first time that the Sur ki Nong Mawlai has met him and what Bah Renikton has said may be a discussion within the Cabinet, which Bah Samlin does not know. However, Bah Samlin felt that Bah Renikton needed to sign the letter.
Two of Saeed's friends were killed in the incident in the Toor Dara area of ​​the Tirah Valley in Khyber province.
Members of the Construction Committee are Kiki Pakma, David H Blah and Phimoris Pariat.
One civilian in South Garo Hills, one civilian in North Garo Hills and 10 BSF personnel in West Garo Hills. There are 2 cases in West Khasi Hills, 3 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ribhoi District.
All that hope was like drops of soap that were scattered in the wind, and hope was only in the morning and went away, they said.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle has congratulated the Dorbar Shnongs of the area for joining hands with the Government to monitor and address the spread of covid-1 .
Besides Bah Basaïawmoit, North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum and others were also present.
The plane, carrying 13 people, has been missing since July 3, 2019, after taking off from the military airport in Jorhat, Assam and was supposed to go to Mechuka airport. , in West Siang District of Arunachal Pradesh.
Lyngdoh said that they will continue to hold this indefinite strike until the government promises to employ all 42 of them.
England qualified for the semi-finals of Euro 2020 by beating Ukraine 4-0 this morning.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The body of a child who has been missing for 10 days has been found today.
Kejriwal and his supporters have also vowed to disrupt the Republic Day celebrations on the 26th in Delhi.
“Hooid, the officials of India Coal Limited who visited the area said that they have received information from the state government on the 26th, which is 13 days after the incident. The state government has taken too stingy on this issue even though the district authorities have taken too much responsibility,” said Bah Shangpliang.
“It is sad to see that although the KHADC is an independent body, it is still being judged by the government department,” said Bah Shylla, who is also an MDC from Nongkrem.
Do you want to sit back, but make money? There is one way and the German government has provided T.1.41 lakh for those jaituh, who are just sitting on their hands.
Various political parties, local MLAs and MDCs of the border areas should show leadership and leadership especially over the border.
This statement was issued by the Publicity Secretary of HYC Mawryngkneng Circle Lakhon Dkhar.
When asked about the reconstruction of the Forest Beat House by Assam at Khliehsnarew, Mukroh, the Chief Minister said that while it falls within the border and jurisdiction of Meghalaya, it will not be reconstructed. not allowed.
But they must understand and establish what is right and what is wrong.
The existing Seng Ri Lum have failed and are only willing to support the coalition governments of the National Parties and are not willing to use their power.
“Right! Bhalang's happiness is great.
Regarding the election of MLAs from Sohra Constituency, Bah Rymmai said that first of all, they elect a person even though the party needs it, but if the person is suitable, he goes anywhere. it is enough, if the person himself can connect with the masses.
Jowai: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District today issued an order ban ban any strikes in relation to food items and other items that are useful to the public such as This is a time of crisis for the world due to the outbreak of Covid-1
The first batch of 278 Indians left Port Sudan on the INS Sumedha on Tuesday.
The Public Lavatory has been well designed and the beauty of this Public Lavatory has been compared to even the famous hotels in the city from the exit to the bathroom.
“When you have promised, we will ensure that all the promises made before the elections are fulfilled, as they say that the time of deception every five years and deception every five years has passed. and now you have promised before the elections and now within five years, you have to do it and fulfill it”.
Daniel 12:10.
It is learned that the house was owned by Bah Dikos Rani and there were three residents inside the house, including Bah Pynshailang Myktieh, Kong Iitbha Muktieh. and Mrs. Marlinna Lyngdoh.
Although Selsella continue to be unbeaten in MSL 2023, this will also be their third draw in four games and thus are third in Group-D with six points. , behind Khliehmawlieh and Wasa FC with 7 points each while Chipak-kore are in fourth place with 5 points.
Even during the COVID-19 crisis, the COWIN vaccine initiative has helped India to expand its vaccination campaign without any difficulty in distributing more than 2 billion doses.
Jose Mawphniang 25kg Male
Shillong: U Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, on Tuesday said that the final decision to support or reject the demand of some UDP leaders to withdraw the electricity department from James PK Sangma. You are the President of the UDP party, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
On education, it was mentioned to provide free textbooks to children from poor families (BPL), to have special schools for those with special needs and also to ensure that residential schools work out.
The All Jaintia Tourist and Commercial Vehicle Association (AJTCVA) has been working as usual.
He said that the Prime Minister can ride a horse or a jeep while in the National Park.
As a step towards this, the Bodoland Territorial Council has proposed to digitize and update the land information system and the Land Resources Department has approved this.
The final between Manipur and Meghalaya will be played on Thursday for the top spot in the group.
The Market Development Assistance (MDA) scheme of T 1500 per MT to support organic fertilizers through Fermented Organic Manures (FOMs/Liquid FOMs/Phosphate Rich Organic Manures (PROMs) produced as byproducts of Bio- The Compressed Biogas (CBG) plant is under construction under GOBARdhan.
“The residents of Bhoi district cannot accept the negligence of MePDCL because if the companies and factories do not pay the electricity bill worth billions of rupees, the department does not do anything. MePDCL has paid thousands of rupees to cut off the electricity supply to them,” said the President of the RTI, Bah Andreas Nongkynrih. 2,49,35,849/-Tyngka while 22 factories in Byrnihat have not paid their electricity bill of 44,57,39,9 /-Amount.
He recalled that during the mid-term MP elections in Tura, the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, had alleged that the defeat of his wife Dikanchi Shira in the election was due to the EVM fraud. His government, it holds the EVMs itself, we don't see, we don't touch, we don't have the authority to touch the EVMs. “said Dr. Kharlukhi while talking to this reporter.
However, the death of Jesus on the cross brought great glory to those who killed him.
So far, the amount spent has amounted to T.14.815 crore for the construction.
Mooshahary, who was the Visitor of the CMJ University, on Tuesday directed the government to dissolve the CMJ University under Section 48 of the CMJ University Act,
Not more than one employee because for them the most important thing is income.
We have not received rainfall for many months before the water reaches the line of safety and the state may face electricity problems in the coming months if the drought continues,” he said.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the Deputy Commissioner's office, Bah Serbilin Lyngdoh, President of the Union, said that since last year, the government has been talking from time to time to order them to The members of the Regional Committee on Border Dispute in West Khasi Hills have not yet visited the Regional Committee headed by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State. region.
Recently, Meghalaya won the bronze medal in the State (B) category at the National ODOP Awards held at the Bharat Mandapam on 3rd July
About 40 groups of dancers from all over Garo Hills came to take part in the performance.
The winner of the title of Icon South West Got Talent was Samla Rikupar Syiemlieh, a contemporary dancer from Phudjaud; The second prize went to Rangdajied Khardewsaw from Rangthong and the fourth prize went to Samla Lawanpynhun Nongsiej from Mawkyrwat.
Romaric B Nguefang (50) and Timmy Ryngkhlem (75) scored the second goal.
“We would like to remind you that as it appeared in the newspapers on 29th June 2020 that CEM T.Chiwat has misused up to Rs.4,00,00,000/- (four crore tyngka).
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The Meghalaya State Planning Board (WGG-5) today met at Yojana Bhavan, Main Secretariat, Shillong to discuss the issue of irrigation water supply and especially the implementation of various irrigation schemes. .
On the other hand, the President of UHM-EJHD, Bah Yoomeki Kyndait, said that the UHM-EJHD will not allow Star Cement LTD to destroy the environment in these areas. Stra Cement LTD has planned to mine coal at Brichyrnot near Wah Lukha, on an area of ​​about 42.5 heaters.
Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council Press Statement by Shri Hadrian Lyngdoh Executive Member i/c Markets etc regarding Ear Tagging of Cattle at Khanapara Cattle market, Ri Bhoi District under the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Meghalaya.
I'm not going to wait for you.
So far, 94,003 people have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state, 92,307 have recovered and 1,594 have died.
Even if it is a language that is still young as a written language, it is a language that is well developed and has a good grammar.
Therefore, the MBA and the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs will do their utmost to make this tournament a success.
Imphal: The United Naga Council (UNC) has condemned the killing of a Naga mother and demanded that the state government should set up an inquiry and arrest those involved.
Shillong, July 19: U Minister of State for Railways, Rajen Gohain today launched the LPG scheme for the poor households for the state at a meeting held in Shillong.
Some of the amendments are such as the bill has been amended by the Central Executive Dorbar and has been amended by the Central Executive Body, as it is in the meetings of the Kurs which have been appointed by the Central Executive Committee or the Central Executive Council.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Paul said that according to his information, there has been a clash between the two ethnic groups and there has been a threat from some people that the two ethnic groups should clash.
The Joint Action Committee will soon hold a meeting to discuss many issues affecting the farmers and after that it will inform the government authorities. Farmers' Associations in the state to cooperate on this issue and can also call 9863512121 or
This prayer is to encourage Bah Ardent to continue to gain strength while he is on hunger strike.
Media reports said that he has also assured his supporters that he will contest the 2018 elections and has also assured that he will not turn back to the Congress party.
The traffic jam on the road at Umshyrpi is heavy every day with vehicles coming from other districts to Shillong like West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills and Sohra. , and Pynursla.
