However, Varane has expressed his expectation that Man United will be able to beat Pep Guardiola's side next season.
Speaking on the faithful service of the employees of various departments in the district, the Lamphang urged them to work harder in their service to the people of the district in the coming years. follow.
Therefore, if we want to rule ourselves without the need for foreigners, we must shut our minds and sit for the Civil Service examination to become IAS, IPS. It is not easy to fight. This examination is not difficult if you can study for tens of hours a day.
“We are well aware of the guidelines such as social distancing and to follow them in the fields and at home,” said Bah Marwein.
If there are no fake Bibles, why as Christians do we still suffer from the physical insult to the point of spreading human mistakes in the media?
He said that the Rangbah Shnongs and the people should not be happy that the bill has been accepted and passed but should take a decision after considering it.
Shillong: After it appeared in the media in the past few days that, about 36 households have not received ration from a dealer who has just appointed and does not work as a distributor. The Supply Department from the office of the SDO (Civil) of Sohra today visited Kongthong village to distribute the ration to these families. they shall not be destroyed.
The top richest candidates include the UDP President who is also the MLA from Mairang with a net worth of Rs 146 crore +, followed by the President of the Congress in the state who is also the candidate from Sutnga Saipung. Vincent H Pala with assets worth Rs 125 crore, followed by HSPDP candidate from Mawhati Evalyni Kharbani with assets worth Rs 109 crore.
The program was concluded with a prayer by Tbn EW Kharsohnoh.
Referring to other allegations, he said that they were only his own words.
All these refugees are from Sub-Saharan Africa.
The HNLC has imposed a curfew from 5 pm to 5 pm across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: Ka Kong Agnes Kharshiing has lodged an FIR against Mawdiangdiang-Mawlong for 10 years but the police have not been able to do anything about it. an hour also worked.
The danger is that when schools, colleges, universities, markets, cinema halls and churches are allowed to reopen, the public will no longer wear masks, will increase their greetings and greetings. hand.
If we men understand this value of love, we will never feel strangers in our own homes, but we will be masters.
Nongpoh, Lber 14: To open and provide a platform for the students to showcase their talents in various sports, besides the education which they spend time in the four corners of the classrooms, The Inter House Annual Sports Week 2023 was inaugurated by the St. Mary's Secondary School, Nongkhrah today at the school ground.
Nongpoh: A 17-year-old youth from Nongpoh, who tried to commit suicide by hanging himself, has escaped death on the day of the incident. , passed away on Saturday at a hospital in Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 23: Police in East Khasi Hills, have arrested a group of robbers involved in the theft of motorcycles from around Shillong and also those involved in the robbery of a petrol pump. Mawkhanu Service Station, Indian Oil, located in Mawkhanu Village.
Replying to the statement of the Prime Minister that the government cannot turn back on this issue, he said.
“We are pleased that the Deputy Commissioner has taken note of this complaint of the people of the area and the union also wishes the DC to continue to do more good works in the area. For the safety of the people of the area, in relation to the road, the union will continue to monitor the NHAI to maintain it properly not only to maintain it from time to time but also to maintain it. “It is also important to check and repair the drains, water stagnation areas so that it does not cause problems to the passengers passing through the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District,” he said. he announced.
The inspection started from Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng, followed by Nongstoin, Upper New Nongstoin, Mawkawah and Tiehsaw and ended at Pyndengrei.
Meanwhile, Shillong Lajong beat Rangdajied United 3-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
The nine students also assaulted seven employees working on the campus.
Besides, Conrad said that the involvement of the youth is essential not only in political parties but especially to serve the society.
The Congress received 4,47,472 votes from Khasi-Jaintia and Lum Garo, the NPP 3,23,500, the UDP 1,82,491 votes and the independent candidates. The BJP has 1,70,249 votes, the BJP has 1,51,217 votes, the PDF has 1,28,413 votes, the HSPDP has 84,011 votes, the NCP has 25,247 votes, the GNC has 21,679 votes, KHNAM has 14 votes. AITC received 5544 votes while NOTA received 14,631 votes in all the constituencies.
The visit of these doctors from the Veterinary Department to the village was also to explain the National Animal Diseases Control Programme, which has been implemented since The program was also attended by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi. The program was held at Umden La-Ang village in Ri Bhoi District.
He said that the allocation of Rs 28 crore for the construction of the water supply project from a private well to distribute water to the entire Mawpat village which now has more than 5,000 residents has been allocated Rs 28 crore. The water supply system has now reached 80 percent and in a few days the water treatment plant will be built to distribute water to the households of Mawpat.
The driver of the sumo intended to kill the Prime Minister or the driver of the Prime Minister's vehicle intended to kill the passengers in the sumo.
Shillong, Naitung : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday attended the 188th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh. Tirot Singh's field in Mairang.
The tournament will be held from 17-24 this month.
A draw was also held in which there were three winners.
He said that the price of fertilizer is very low compared to other states but the price is too low after discussions with the officers of the Government of India department besides the transportation cost from Shillong. even from Guwahati.
He said that when he took over as Minister of Health and Family Welfare, he had suspended the proposal to build the Medical College, because the site is crowded and It is not appropriate to build a college in this place.
The Prime Minister also acknowledged that the government under his leadership has provided a clean governance without any corruption.
He said that after the British Government took over the rule from 1835 to 1860, the children of Jaintia Hills did not have to pay taxes except for the annual donation to the Elaka of goats, pigs and cattle. as usual during the reign of the kings, but gradually the French government introduced and issued various taxes.
Luckyness Khyriem of Chutwakhu was named Man of the Match, Lalmalsawma Tariang of Chutwakhu was named Best Goal Keeper and Chanmitre Dkhar of Lion Sports and Youth Affairs was named the Top Scorer.
pm and Nongmadan play against Siatbakon at 1.00pm.
These SSA teachers are also very similar to the Adhoc teachers as they have received the same salary without decrease or increase for many years.
Therefore, the people want him to do something now before the 2023 MLA elections.
Anil was brought before the Court of the First Class Judicial Magistrate, Dharam Jagad where police were authorized to investigate.
The two dead included two goat herders who were trying to rescue a herd of goats trapped in the floods in Bhavnagar district, the police said. sources on Friday.
The mother of the child, Stramil Pyngrope of Jalynteng village, Raid Nongkynrih, lodged a complaint on 27th November against the child. The young man had a relationship with his daughter who was studying in Class XII but due to his threat, the young woman had asked for a divorce from Bindaskhem.
“I congratulate Kishan Lyngdoh – the captain of the team, the first time a Meghalaya player has scored this milestone in the Ranji Trophy.
However, if those Christians forget the reason why Christmas is “the true Christmas”, then they don't think of Christmas anymore.
Hosur, July 2: TVS Motor Company (TVS Motor Company) has increased its sales by 6% in July 2014 from 206,813 units to 220,079 units.
The hospital has tested positive for Covid-1
On the demand of the VPP to suspend the recruitment in the state, the Minister said, “As I have mentioned, the implementation of the roster system and the recruitment in the state should continue and we cannot suspend it. ".
A global market strategy is being developed, taking into account India's capabilities.
He was followed by Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva with 422 runs and three half centuries.
He said that many of the people who come for treatment at the census office are those who have converted to foreign religions, not the Khasi.
Shillong, November 8: Ka KSU Mawryngkneng Circle has strongly opposed the BSF's plan to buy land in Pommura and Mawryngkneng villages. The land of the Armed Forces by receiving payment at a reasonable price is not limited to self-sufficiency.
Let this instill in us the fear of God before we make the choice we want.
The Border Wing of the Home Guard arrived on Monday.
If we have all the strength and courage, we can not only reduce the spread of covid19, but undoubtedly we can also recover from the damage that the disease has caused to the income and livelihood.
Sinita Monin as Vice President, Kleden Sangma as General Secretary and members of the Central Executive Committee including Cliftus Ch Marak as President and Manuel Ch Marak as General Secretary.
“The 2018 elections will be a very important decision for the people of Meghalaya what is good for them, not by a government that cheats, lies and steals the money of the people,” he said.
He said he understands that the journey of 25 years is very difficult, but when he turns to God, he sees that with the blessing of God the school has increased from 40 to 400 students and looking at the building shows the progress of the school.
Shillong: The KSU Mawlai Circle today met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling under the leadership of Samla Mac Iver Thabah Vice President and General Secretary Samla Rapborlang Nongrum. The residents of Mawlai Village have complained about the dumping of garbage by Municipal vehicles, which they have collected from the BSF camp at Umpling, which the Government has already declared as a Containment Zone.
Manipur has already passed the Manipur People Protection Bill 2018, Assam and the NRC are now preparing to discuss through the High Level Committee on Clause 6 of the Assam Accord on how to protect the rights of citizens and citizens. Even the people of Tripura are still supporting their demand for Twipraland.
At the beginning of the training, a short meeting was held to open the training. The program was conducted by Kong Coriniki Slong Field Coordinator (SURE).
Juventus have won the Serie A title six times from 2011-12 to 2019-20, with Bonucci taking part in five of them after his He spent one season with AC Milan in 2017-2
The driver of the vehicle has been shifted to Mumbai and the two are undergoing treatment at JMCH, Jorhat.
Therefore, they could not build a house to take him to the hospital.
On the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of Independence of the State, several projects including the Diagnostic Center and Pediatric Intensive Care Unit at Ganesh Das Hospital, the 100 bed Civil Hospital at Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills and GNM Nursing School in Nongstoin.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, has visited the venue to meet with the Chief Minister. and family members and to prepare a report from the scene of the shooting.
We have asked the contractor but he just said toto and finished talking,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
The KHNAM also believes that the former government and all 60 MLAs have fraudulently passed the resolution on the ILP in in 2019, as it is not expected that there will be a stable follow-up and improvement in the past four years.
“In fact, the JJM water supply scheme belongs to the Central Government which has been directed by the State Government to implement and not to the MLA or will be the MLA scheme. NPP in Nartiang Constituency"
According to police, the foreigner was identified as Uttam Biswa, 40, from West Bengal.
In another match, Liverpool lost 2-0 to Red Star Belgrade, with Pavkov scoring in the 22nd and 29th minutes.
There may also be those who will say to make Mawkyrwat or Mairang or Sohra the capital during the monsoon.
KMC FC opened the scoring in the 13th minute through Robert Khongjoh while in the 25th minute, Blue Bomber's turned the tide through Robert Khongjoh. Wash Building.
He also wrote that the government department and the three authorities of the district council should take action against the Supreme Court's order.
“May those words of yours tonight, this date, this month, this month and this year fall like blessings on these children and grandchildren in the future.
Abbasalilo said he had buried all the ammunition he had received in a forest and these ammunition had been sent by the IRCH Intelligence Organisation.
The Shillong All Faith Forum (SAFF) on Thursday appealed to all political parties to think when they speak on the upcoming elections so that bring no strife or jealousy to others.
Zaveri had lodged a complaint with the police that the teachers of the school had treated his son and other children unfairly.
The hospital does not have enough medicines due to the large number of patients from neighboring villages and they have to buy medicines from abroad.
The nation has become weak because our ancestors have died in middle age.
However, the value of cleanliness remains the same, whether in the city or in the countryside, in the countryside or in the countryside.
'Nice to hear such good teachings, thank you very much for your minute work to share the message that pleases the Creator.
A trader from Assam, who was on his way to the market once a month at Rongrikimgre near Dumnikura village under Chokpot police station in South Garo Hills, was shot dead on Tuesday morning. three robbers who were carrying offensive weapons.
On the other hand, the Seng has given time to the Government before the Dorbar Tlang to establish a full Civil Sub Division in Mawryngkneng otherwise the Seng and the people will stage a protest against the Government. There are 10 constituencies in Mawryngkneng, Mawkynrew and Nongkrem.
He said that the hotel will also employ others if it does not appoint them as employees, but the people who earn by driving will be able to earn a living, delivering food and beverages and others. .
He said that this request is not to put pressure on them in the future.
I asked the British Institute.
There are about 2 lakh Catholics alone.
Shillong: U Vincent H Pala, MP from the Congress party, on Tuesday said that if the authorities elect anyone to be the President of the MPCC, he is ready to accept the nomination. that room ha that.
Other benefits of drinking chamomile tea include relaxation and working for good sleep.
The Nongtluh Farmer Association (NFA) has organized the fourth edition of the Ri Kunai La Tynrai Festival at Umden Village Playground on the 21st November.
The Dorbar Shnong will soon start the construction of the Dorbar Hall for the benefit of the entire village.
Therefore, our fear should move us to protect ourselves from this disease and not to turn away.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner, Bah E Kharmalki, said that he has sent the Magistrates and Police to close down all the factories which have not received the Consent to Operate (CTO) certificate to produce coal. .
Shillong, Nailur 12: The District Administration on Tuesday vowed to take action or lodge a complaint against the contract teachers under the MGLPSCA if they do not comply. On the other hand, the President of MGLPSCA, Babu Birbor Riangtem, said that they will not leave the protest site in front of the Secretariat within 30 minutes for violating Section 144 CrPC. The government has the authority to file a complaint.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) is preparing to hold another football tournament in the state and this is the Amateur League 2022- 23, in which 20 teams will participate and the tournament is scheduled to be held within 40 months.
The Lyngngam area, from Kulang to Langpih, from Nongshram to Rwiang is now facing severe food shortage.
However, this is not the case.
You rot you don't have to come out because it has angered all the political parties, besides fighting to protect the nation from the foreigners who want to invade the land of Hynniewtrep, you don't want to throw away the people. I love the country, from now on you don't have to hurt your organization,, so that we can avoid the huri hura, and also so that we can think about how to strengthen the Hynniewtrep army to work. strongly for the cause of the nation.
Its goal is to make children intelligent and strong in faith so that they can raise their heads and walk alongside the world.
Police sources said that the suspect was identified as Mebanrilang Syiem Shangoi from a village in West Khasi Hills District.
“The MMDR Act has been amended in 2021 and the Government of India has been forced to announce the implementation of this Act throughout India or only in part.
U Bah PT Sawkmie, expressed his happiness to open these two classrooms, which will be a great blessing to the students.
Nongpoh: One person has died in a road accident on Shillong By-pass, Umtynrah Umroi village at 8:30 am this morning. who was a passenger in the car was seriously injured.
Juliana Blah won a gold medal in the 18-year-old Form Event and a silver medal in the 48 Kg Kumite (Fight Event).
On receiving information about the incident, a team of security forces rushed to the scene and shifted the bodies from the house to the police station. Batkhela Hospital for post-mortem.
Therefore, the AITC has promised that it will not rest on this issue but has the intention to fight against this issue so that the people will not face any problems.
On the other hand, the DC said that he has struggled to find ways and means but as it is an important road for traffic, he will look into how to expedite the work.
Since the BJP came to power, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has directed that all Ministers from various departments should conduct at least two visits a month. to all the states in the North Eastern Region of India to gather information on the implementation of various development schemes of the Central Government.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Former CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Adelbert Nongrum has been released on bail from the Shillong District Jail today.
Satin Credit Care Micro Finance from Delhi Head Quarter has donated school bags to the students of Class 1 and Class 2, about 70 books. .
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah PT Sawkmie informed the SHGs in Mawlai that he will distribute 5000 tyngka to all these SHGs for their needs, so that they can improve their work. that tree or organization.
Therefore to those who understand the word of God; The Word of God says, “O man of God, flee these things; but follow after righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness.
They were tried at the Dorbar Shnong and these women confessed that they had been doing this for some time to earn money.
And after Jesus ascended to heaven these things began to happen after he had prophesied the destruction of Jerusalem.
This is to reduce the influx of people from other places into the village and is also part of the fight against COVID-1
The holding of this tournament is very important for Meghalaya as in 2022 the state will host the National Games where the pistol shooting competition is one of the sports in the national games.
Shillong, June 20: The UDP candidate Federick Joplang Lynshiang, the Congress candidate Yalanda R Mylliemngap, the KHNAM candidate Andreas Kharkongor and the HSPDP candidate Banrikupar Wahlang will witness the election. Dr Mukul Sangma said the 6th Schedule of the Indian Constitution was drafted by the Congress party with the aim of providing protection for the people.
He said that Meghalaya has been crossed not only with Assam but also with Bangladesh.
Before the ceremony, the leaders of the party including Bah Sharai Hujon, Bah Nicky Songshiang and Bah Andy Rumnong said that the party will celebrate the death anniversary of the party leader by holding a Football, Cricket, Basketball, Marathon and Cleanliness Tournament from 2nd June to 4th July 2022 in the area of ​​Malki, Shillong.
For example, T1, T2, T5
“We want the college to have a Science stream so that the youth can continue their studies here,” he said.
If the BJP nominates candidates from Shillong and Tura, they should announce them as soon as possible and not wait until the last minute and they should announce them immediately, that is, four months before the elections,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 11 : The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Thursday approved the cancellation of the 500 MW Thermal Power Project awarded to NEEPCO.
The VPP said that one of the reasons for the problem and delay is the lack of receipt of funds from the Central Government and one of the reasons for this may also be the lack of responsibility. of the State Government Department to provide the necessary facilities to ensure the smooth running of the scheme.
Sosthenes Sohtun said that yesterday the civil society organizations had come out to protest against the ban on the casino by the police. It will continue to operate in Ri-Bhoi but will be discontinued immediately.
Shillong: As part of the protest of the Sur Ki Nong Mawlai, against the MDA government's failure to suspend or suspend the policemen who took their lives. of (L) Mr. Cheristerfield.
What is surprising is that the Secretary, besides holding the Job Cards of the residents, has not filled up all the working days of the people under this job card where there are even blank job cards. without use or without writing at all.
The part of this road which is still in good condition starts from the northwest of Mawphlang village to Rangïar or Lad Mawphlang.
During the inspection, the FKJGP members found that the presence of people in Malki market has caused many kinds of problems, pollution due to the lack of pain khana and adequate drinking water.
Shillong, November 12: The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on Tuesday decided to join hands under the umbrella of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) for the the Lok Sabha and MDC elections, which will be held next year.
He is now in a separate place.
The purpose of the festival is to bring unity among the Karbi people around the country especially to preserve the traditional customs and traditions of the Karbi people.
Do you agree with the writer of this song that our country is at peace with the infiltration of foreigners? Do you live in peace with the righteous? Look at the example of the soldier, how much more of our land has been lost? Does it bring peace and prosperity? Many questions will arise and I leave it to you fellow countrymen to appreciate this statement in this song written in the form and title 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi'
The area is located in the vicinity of Chattibui Market near Monabari Outpost, South West Garo Hills.
In China, 101 new cases of coronavirus have been reported on the 28th of this month, the highest number of cases in three months.
However, he said that according to the Income Tax Act, those foreigners who earn outside their home country cannot escape from paying tax.
Therefore, the FKJGP urges the governments of Assam and Meghalaya to respect the voice of the people and consider the problems of the people and look after those who live on the border. Khasi, Garo, Assamese, Nepali.
The functions of this council will be directly related to village development works, namely the construction and maintenance of roads, water supply systems, drains, water supply to farmland and other development works.
Nongialeh, leader is the truth! And wymtien, wymkhein yei yi, yei yi.
Zenith Sangma said that a signboard of GHADC has been placed at this place, which shows that through this illegal revenue collection gate they get their share from the state government and this is illegal.
"We will hold accountable the officers involved in this act in the conduct of the summons," said the PAC member. Last year, it was found that many shortcomings and deficiencies in the implementation of this project worth T.7.65 crore.
At the same time, she expressed her pride that this Fish Retail Outlet is the first in South West Khasi Hills District as it is headed by a woman and sets a good example for us. for other women to come forward to create opportunities to do any job, even if it is small, but which will be of benefit to their daily lives.
Until now, it has been seen that the government authorities can no longer bury the dead, who have been placed on the ground and near the hospitals, the report said.
Ronila Pale- B Pharm first class, 3.
Kishan Lyngdoh, captain of Symper, took one wicket for 12 runs while Himan Phukan (1/18), Bijon Dey (1/22) and Prolin Phanjom (1/31) took one wicket for 12 runs. They took wickets.
“If it is said that MUDA is still crossing the border, will the government create a block?
According to a report published in Nongsaiñhima October, 4, 1978, the political parties and independent candidates were divided according to the numbers elected as follows: “In the 60-member Legislative Assembly, 20 members were won by the Congress. (including 9 from Khasi and Jaintia Hills and 11 from Garo Hills), 16 from APHLC (including 8 from Khasi and Jaintia Hills and 8 from Garo Hills), 14 from HSPDP, 2 from Garo Hills PDIC, 1 from the Jaintia National Union and 7 independent candidates.
In ancient times, Zion was a Jewish idea associated with their customs or beliefs.
Shillong: U North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum has raised a question on the one way vehicles entering Mawlai Bypass to pass through the Mawlai Bypass. Vehicles passing through NEHU are not allowed to enter through this road.
About 500 employees including men, women and Khasi and non-Khasi from these three departments in Umiam, Ri-Bhoi district held a march from the front of the Central Agriculture University to the front. ICAR gate in Umiam with flags and slogans to strongly condemn the government of Narendra Modi.
Those same people who fear their people to be overwhelmed by the Dkhars, but encourage the Khasi women who are willing to marry Dkhars to marry men.
At the end of the first day, the team of Ri-Bhoi won 3 gold and one silver and one bronze medal each, followed by the team of Shillong who won 2 medals. West Jaintia Hills won the gold medal and another gold medal.
The gold medal winners were Isapynbiang Lyngdoh in Point Fighting – Under 18 Kg (Ch 2016 – 2018), Kyrshanlang Dkhar in K1 (Rules – Ring) – Under 51 Kg (OJ 2004 – 2005). Syiemsad in Low Kick (Ring) – Below 48 Kg (OJ 2004 – 2005), Banpynkhraw Warshong in K1 (Rules – Ring) – Below 45 Kg (YJ 2006 – 2007) and Thangoulian Manlun in Ring – Rules – ) – Under 70 Kgs (YJ 2006 – 2007) The silver medal winners were Gavin Albert Kharshandi in Low Kick (Ring) – Below 48 Kg (YJ 2006 – 2007) and Winningstar Lyngdoh Nonglait in K1 (YJ 2006 – 2007). Rules Ring) – Below 51 Kg (OJ 2004 – 2005).
The law says that this is the annual dance in which the Tre-kirot together with the Sangia Saret come to participate from the day of Pynsin to the day of Muchai which is the day of the end of the dance. ha King of the night.
Hukato Swu, said that the law will not be in force until the hearing.
Also to assist Booth Level Officers in any areas necessary when they arrive in their villages.
Fighting which was held in Kolkata, West Bengal from 19th to 23rd November
He said the company has set a target that from October this year the company will strengthen the Aircel network to provide better services to the people in the state.
After the KSU, JSM, FKJGP and others, the JSU has now begun to recognize the rights of women and women. to include them as members and leaders within their group.
Jemino said that before sending its recommendations to the Committee headed by Kong Ampareen, the UDP has held at least 14 meetings with the UDP. consultations with experts and lawyers.
On the demand of the four MDCs to allow the UDA MDCs to elect their own leader as CEM, not to allow only the UDP to lead, Titossterwell said he did not want to say anything on this because it is their right to express.
Therefore, it is necessary for the Central Body to take action to provide adequate training to the office bearers of various departments or units.
Other agencies require Aadhaar number from adults for various purposes and it is clear during the Covid19 vaccination campaign that those who do not have Aadhaar or cannot verify themselves through Aadhaar number lose it. vaccine.
So let them accuse, if they don't accuse how can they contest this election, but for the sake of the people who support us, please don't be afraid, don't be afraid and don't doubt.
Now parents are in great difficulty to recognize their children, because their bodies have been scattered, some of whose bodies have been broken. head, from open fire.
(2) It encourages a person to take responsibility and do good in his life.
The Israeli military also said that Hamas militants used the school to hide the weapons and to use them in times of need.
Shillong: The BJP has agreed to support the NPP government led by Conrad K Sangma.
Shillong: The JSU War Jaintia Circle today met with the Chief Engineer of Meghalaya Electric Corporation Limited.
The first Public Hearing was scheduled to be held at Brishyrnot Village on 19th March 2019, but it was canceled due to the blockade of the DC of East Jaintia Hills and MSPCB Officers by the Sengbhalang led by 6 Villages. Wah Lukha Association, Khasi Student Union, Jaintia Student Union, STIEH, and other organizations.
When asked, Bah Golden Nonglong said, “I don't have any decision to join any party.
Conrad said that during his meeting with Defense Minister Amit Shah recently, he had directed him to gather groups to seek their views on the CAB. the day is upon this part.
It is alleged that these MeECL employees were helping the robbers to turn off the electricity in Rymbai.
It also reminds us that you and I are the best judges to judge which is better to choose.
Police have already arrested them and they are now under the jurisdiction of the court to sentence them.
Shillong: Police across the state have been on high alert to prevent people from leaving their homes to curb the spread of Covid-1
He said that in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court of India dated 30th July 2021, the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), through the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF), has been directed to provide T.50,0 He said that the Disaster Management Department of the state government through a report sent to him, has informed that the money has already been distributed to the families of those who died of COVID-1 The amount of money donated has reached T.6,66,00,0
At the meeting, these indigenous organizations also announced that they will give their full support to the state government to hold the ULB elections if the government can implement their demands.
Shillong, June 07: The FKJGP Mawthadraishan Circle has demanded that the state government should implement the pig farm. The meeting was held at Nongkansa, West Khasi Hills District.
If the sun, the moon, and the stars should pass away, what would happen to the whole earth? These are the words of God, let us see – “Thus saith the LORD, which giveth the sun for a light by day, and the moon and the stars for a light by night; the sea and its waves shall roar; the Lord is thy name.
Besides, the Government of India has set up an office in Shillong for this purpose, and the Government of India also wants to expedite this work which has started from Laitumkhrah in Shillong market.
According to the agreement reached in the talks between the Government of Assam and the Government of Meghalaya, it is to maintain the status quo in the past years and not to interrupt any development works if brought from both sides.
It all depends on how you use it.
Therefore, the Government authorities have issued these bans, not to gather in public anywhere, because of the risk of infection from those who are just beginning or for other reasons.
More than 120 Corona Care Centers and hospitals have been inspected by officers through the Corona Care Management (CCM) Application, which tracks people at risk of contracting the disease and those who have been confirmed positive. from the time they register themselves in hospitals or health centers until they are released to go home.
Therefore, the public is requested to attend this public hearing.
Therefore, the thriang will stand like a Diengbilat to fight against those people who insult him, but when people become demons, death is waiting for them except eternal life in heaven if that God exists.
The history of Rymbai, formerly known as Ynru Chnong, until 2018, had 23 Doloi who ruled the elaka, of whom 18 were Doloi. Five of them were elected by the people through the elections conducted by the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council and five of them were Acting Doloi.
Sandeep Uike, a resident of Betul, Madhya Pradesh, married two girls in Keria village, Ghodadongri block, on 8th November
Perhaps, later the construction cost will have to be revised from the current T.200 crore.
Babitdor Dorphang scored two goals in the 47th and 73rd minutes.
When asked whether these incidents should have been prevented, Dr Mukul said, “It is the knowledge of the conflict and conflict that we as political parties face from time to time and how we can manage it. If we continue with the Chalta attitude, we will not be able to solve these problems”.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi also referred to the need to protect the people of the country and said the government has lost the trust of the people of the country.
Ian said that after receiving complaints against anyone, the police have to investigate and arrest the persons who have been complained against. that the police have arrested four persons and among those who have been complained of, some have come forward to the police and some are still being sought to be arrested.
(SP News).
Those who passed in the SSLC were 28,424 or 56.76 per cent, while in the HSSLC (Arts) 17,318 students passed and 74.78 per cent passed.
Shillong: Regarding the incident on the morning of 22nd November 2022, in which five people were abducted by the Assam authorities at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills; The CEC of the KSU has met at 2 pm today to discuss and resolve such incidents which happen frequently to the Khasi people in the border areas.
In fact, Umkiang Village is not part of the 6 Village Association, but only the support of the 6 Village to oppose the Public Hearing of Star Cement which was held on 19/11/2 .
In the original sense, the word Hima is associated with administration, politics, trade, inheritance, income and income.
Raplangki Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Khliehmyntriang in the 03rd minute while Gradely Mylliem scored the second goal for Ratacherra in the 34th minute.
The match between Salaroh and Rymbai ended in a draw.
He said that the BSF had requested the drivers of these vehicles to produce the invoices/bills, or any documents related to the transportation of sugar, but they could not produce them. documents and tried to escape.
We are confident that the family wants the same and the Sur people of Mawlai want the same,” said Bah Process.
“We will discuss whether we will continue to work together or contest the 2023 election,” he told reporters on Friday.
At that time, foreigners who did not have proper documents were very careful and they had appointed guards before opening their shops so that at any moment they did not think that there would be a robbery.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today canceled the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed on 12th July, 2016 between the KHADC and UCIL. The No Objection Certificate (NOC) signed on 14th June, 2007 for the proposal to mine uranium at Mawthabah.
Finance Secretary- Arkini Nongtdeh.
One of the farmers of the area, Pdiangjingshai Hun Dkhar, from Saphai village, who owns the Iakyntulang SHG, said that since she was a child, she had to earn a living from farming. your house is yours.
At the General Meeting of the HSPDP Women's Wing Nongstoin Area Unit, today, many of the speakers expressed their dissatisfaction with the President of the Nongstoin Area Unit, for not being able to to convene a public meeting to invite applications for candidates who wish to contest the 2018 election.
To be a member of the Khasi & Jaintia Hills etc.
However, the BJP and Hindus hate Christianity and the English language because they come from outside India.
Together with the Federation of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), the KJBWA has ordered all cow butchers to close their shops from today and soon, Shillong will be destroyed by cow meat if not resolved. with someone else on this.
“Even the animals still have a spirit of knowledge but this man has committed crimes against the animals,” said the Myntri Shnong. It has saddened and encouraged the Kurs and Jaits of the village that he has honored in a way that it was never thought that it would happen in this area.
They want to clarify that they have not received any appointment letter from the company.
This means that the 69 weeks foretold by Daniel have long since ended.
On the 5th of July, four HNLC leaders came to the state to meet with the central and state government officials after the government agreed to provide protection to them when they came to the state. They returned to Bangladesh to meet and inform the leaders of the outcome of their talks.
Besides, the state government, without paying a shilling, has also donated 50,000 tyngka to other state wrestlers who have led the country in Turkey despite not being able to participate in the elections. Allan Sun Marbaniang, Banshanlang Terang, Hubert Paliar, Airikmenlang Shabong, Kishore Chetri and Everson Thangkhiew.
The NPP, which has grown in pride and popularity especially here in Meghalaya, will soon step down from the status of National Party which it has received from the Election Commission of India (ECI). on July 7, 2019.
However, when asked how these medicines came to the shop when he did not have a big shop nearby, he said that they were Dkhars (Foreigners) who came to put them because that he is closing up shop today.
On the other hand, the SP East Khasi Hills District, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, IPS, said that after investigation, the suspect has confessed to his involvement in the incident. The gold sati he stole was sold to a gold dealer in Mairang.
Through this order, City buses, mini buses, taxis, rickshaws will be allowed to operate from 12th to 17th November 2021, from 6 pm to 6 pm; However, four buses or SPTS, SSTS and SSPTS will not be allowed to operate.
The NPP leaders from Nongpoh Constituency, said that they can no longer tolerate the insult of the NPP leaders, and announced that they have already given the ticket to Macdalyne S. Mawlong, to be the candidate from Nongpoh Constituency, without the knowledge or approval of the NPP leadership from Nongpoh.
Regarding fish, Ms Ampareen said that when the government has informed that it has been found to contain those parts of the drug that are harmful to health, it does not mean that the government wants to ban The government should inform the public that until it is found that the fish is safe to eat, then the government will inform it.
According to health workers, 12 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills and 10 cases from outside the country.
“I am pleased to announce that the projected capital outlay for 2023-24 will increase by 14 percent for 2023-24, which is 38.5 percent for 2021-2 The increase in capital expenditure will lay the foundation for income growth,” he said.
Just as we change our clothes from light clothes to stang clothes, so we need to change and change the way we take care of our skin when the seasons change.
“The relevant rules will be issued soon by the Manipur government,” said Haokip.
Jowai: The NDRF, SDRF, Fire and Emergency teams have recovered the body of another coal miner from Um-yule, Umpleng, East Jaintia Hills. Service with the Indian Navy, but was not successful, as the body was buried at the bottom of the coal mine.
The drought has forced many villagers to even move away to live in the forest or in the fields with water.
Police on 8th June, seized 21.05 grams of heroin weighing two persons from Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
They marry as they please, there are no parents, no brothers and sisters, no kni because where do you go to look for those kni, no family, the family has no power ei ei ruh and if there is power it is only them. parents and brothers and sisters.
The chess tournament was also judged by Biswajit Bharadwaj as chief arbiter, Monimala Sinha (both international arbiters), Golap Chandra Gogoi, Homen Chandra Rabha and Paresh Rajbongshi.
Joel had already prophesied the time when the Spirit would be poured out on all flesh.
The members of the new party are scheduled to be sent to Nagaland tomorrow, 17th July for training in military activities.
Also present on the occasion was Bah S.Rashir MDC, former Sordar of New Nongstoin, who urged the people of Risiang area to take care of themselves. what the government had provided for their benefit.
“During this surprise inspection, we found that many of the shops of foreigners do not have proper documents such as Trading License and even those who have license have not renewed them in the District. Council, but they have agreed that they have handed over to some agents to renew the licence,” said a statement sent by Bah Charlie J. Rani. However, we have warned that these shops should not open until they have received the proper documents. the Council,” said the Seng leader.
Dohling said that this action of Amit Shah has angered the rulers, whom the people have elected and that their desire is to take responsibility to discuss and implement the The people of the state want to talk, but how can we talk when we can't even meet them?
The party has also released the list of all the candidates from 60 constituencies.
“Besides demanding the dismissal of Rohit Prasda, the JAC also demands the implementation of the demands of the students and teachers of the university,” said Prof Kma.
Mawkyrwat, June 09: The Seng Khasi Nonglang (SKN), South West Khasi Hills District, today on Sunday, June 09, 2023 with a ceremony to The Shad Suk Mynsiem (SSM) was held once a year at the Seng Khasi Nonglang Stadium in Nonglang, South West Khasi Hills District. young men and women.
Speaking to media, Avner said that he has decided to contest from the VPP because he agrees with the party's principles.
“By July next year, we will be able to plant 10,000 trees,” said Kumar, adding that after 7.8 years, each tree will produce 25 to 30 kilos of seeds. diesel and others which can be used for fuel along with fertilizer and glycerin.
It is to be recalled that the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District have recently expressed their opposition to the proposal to bring a casino in Ri Bhoi District. They also demanded that the state government should not allow such vacant land to be brought in by the people.
Citing the example of Nagaland, Assam and other states in the region, Pala said the central government has not taken any action to bring peace in the region.
The deceased were identified as Damanbha L Mawlot, 16, Ibada Shia Lyngdoh, 24, another child, Ladiang, L Mawlot. and Lapynshai L Mawlot, 13, while the body of Ferdinand Myrthong has not been found yet.
This incident has severely affected the students and the loss of valuables and property of the school.
He was sworn in as a brother in 2009 and was ordained a deacon on 6 July
Jyotipriya Bhattacharjee, who bagged the second position in the SSLC examination announced by the MBOSE, said, “The trick is to get the SSLC examination. The victory is that we must be strong and not worry about these things"
After completing all the necessary procedures under the provisions of the NDPS Act and in the presence of independent witnesses, the testing of these powders was conducted and it was found to be heroin with a weight of 65.32 grams.
Shillong: U Bah P Tynsong, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today said that a decision was taken to replace the for treatment of Covid patients in private hospitals across the state.
Jennifer, 50, has never been away from her first husband, Brad Pitt, even though he left her and moved in with Angelina Jolie.
When he returned to the District Council in 2004, where there were many bloody challenges, he involved the uranium mine, to build a road to Mawthabah West Khasi Hills through strong opposition.
In another development, four members of the A'chik Songna An'pachakgipa Kotok (ASAK) led by former GNLA Finance Secretary Reding T Sangma were arrested today. The four ASAK members were identified as Lucky R Natal, Netun R Sangma, Damin Ch Sangma and Elkin K Sangma.
This has destroyed even the most beautiful places in the state.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has appealed to all those who work together from time to time not to block the trucks passing along the highway, especially during the rainy season. “During the rainy season, many vehicles have to stay overnight, because they don't have time to work in the fields. JHTOA President Biangshwa Shylla said that the JHTOA is very sorry that there are truck owners who are still waiting for the dewbilat in the factories due to the rain. PWD (Roads) and the Minister in charge of PWD (Roads) to repair the National Highway 06, Jowai Bypass to Mawryngkneng as soon as possible.
He also expressed his regret over the appearance of people who announced that he will not contest the election due to his wife's illness.
As part of the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the HYC:CEC in 2024, the Blood Donation Cell of the HYC:CEC today, 31st July, 2024, held a The program was held at the Community Hall, NEHU, Shillong in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society and the Meghalaya State Blood Transfusion Council.
The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, has enforced Section 144 CrPC which prohibits and prohibits persons or groups of persons from catching and fishing using drugs and smuggling. The bomb was destroyed between the Wahblei and Khusang rivers in Mawshynrut Block, West Khasi Hills District.
While the issues that really affect the lives and livelihoods of the workers, there is nothing to discuss, nothing to protest and nothing to push.
However, Nalin S Kohli replied to Gourav by saying that it is unfortunate that Dr Mukul Sangma has taken away a person from Assam who is not from Meghalaya.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh has informed and issued a notice to all Rangbah Shnongs/Village Leaders, Pastors, Fathers, Elders, Church Leaders and leaders of various religious groups who Ri Bhoi District to encourage the public over the age of 45 years to take vaccination as a precautionary measure against Covid-1
This includes EGH: 26 (Others), EJH: 33 (Others), EKH: 309 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force —02, Others-307), RBD: 118 (Others), NGH: 30 (Others), SGH : 07 (Others), SWGH: 24 (Others), SWKH: 33 (Others), WGH: 129 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force —03, Others-126), WJH: 66 (Others) and WKH: 26 (Others) .
It is about 5 feet tall, with short hair and a blue skin.
The Government has expedited this work in accordance with the rules and regulations and to protect the environment of the forests for the benefit of the villagers.
On Saturday, 13th July, Bah Koles arrived in Nongstoiñ with one of his family members who used to accompany and guide him when he went around singing.
Shibun has completed 90% of the 100% completed.
The friendly match was organized by the Sohkha Shnong Everlasting Sports Club at the new stadium of the Sohkha Shnong Everlasting Sports Club.
He said they have suggested to the government to request the central government to change the rules relating to the implementation of the NPR. Assam, there will be a danger if this is implemented because foreigners will be able to enter the village as residents,” said the general secretary of the KSU. implement NPR in this state.
There are currently 90 cases, including 37 cases from East Khasi Hills, 25 cases from Ribhoi District and 16 cases from West Garo Hills.
However, in the MDA government in 2018 under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma of the NPP, the government has started to impose rules against non-government teachers.
The activities to be assisted from this fund will include the construction of school buildings, the training of teachers, and others related to the development of community wealth.
Shillong: Despite the tied century of Raj Biswa, Meghalaya failed to beat Mizoram in the first innings after scoring only 281 runs today. in the battle in Anand, Gujarat.
The word Suk sounds easy to understand, but it is not.
In the fourth match, Madan Thadmuthlong beat Lumbhahdakha 4-2 goals in a tie breaker.
Umphniang or SK Oil shops recognized by the government can open, and the public is urged to respect the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, in order to prevent the spread of the disease. You are infected with the corona virus.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Mardikithei expressed her happiness that the song 'Shiteng Lynti' with Ram Suchiang has reached 10 million views within six months and hopes to continue singing in the coming days.
But ye that are poor, be not rich.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16 : NEIGRIHMS has achieved a successful delivery of a girl child.
Iaraplang Nongrum (7'), Iawanlang Nongbet (36') and Solina Jaba (56') scored for Laitkor.
He said that the MDCs have been empowered to introduce and pass various laws whether it is to preserve the customs and traditions, the rule of law and others that we need to preserve.
Retrieved on 13.2.2007, GDE No.210.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: UB Constable M.Kharwanlang of Sadar Traffic Branch, Shillong has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 5th of July at 7:45 pm, an unknown person Siljrang D Sangma, 28, of Polo, has been arrested for allegedly stealing traffic by standing in the middle of the road near Green Hills Restaurant in Polo.
After discussion, both the parties received their congratulations from the Magistrate Bah Wahlang who said that the DC will call to settle the matter.
“The Lyngdoh has convened a Hima Dorbar at Mawphlang and the agenda for this day is only on the Mawngap Khel Shnong by alleging that the residents of the village together with 12 members have sold this land but in fact this land belongs to the village and not to the Hima”.
Shillong, Lber 24 : Hundreds of Congress Youth Leaders from across the Mylliem Constituency have left the party to join the National People's Party (NPP). meeting held at Nongkseh on Monday.
The training was conducted in collaboration with the office of NESFAS Shillong.
The EC led by Bah Titsosstarwell, has conducted a raid on Trading License and Labor License for foreigners across the city recently and has arrested thousands of workers. The Council does not have a license.
However, it is regrettable that the leaders here are only focusing on the Sixth Scheduled which has been abolished by the amendment of Para 12 A through the Assam Reorganization (Meghalaya) Act 1969 and replaced by the North Eastern Scheduled. Area(Reorganization) Act 1971.
On the other hand, the reporter has also spoken to some of the tourist drivers who used to come and go every day and they said that they have been banned by the police from entering Meghalaya which is a huge loss. and they shall be destroyed.
The actress sold her home in Yucca Valley California in May 2022 and since last year has been spending her time in Spain.
At the same time, Bah Prik Mukhim's son, Bah Kestar Warjri, said, “When my father came from the police station, he would send me to resign from the village post. I have received a letter from my father that I have written that God knows.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday said that the Government has increased the Upper Age Limit for all Government departments except the Police Department. , Excise Registration Taxation & Stamps, Homeguards & Civil Defense bad Forest & Environment.
Inviting the old school children and the residents of the state to join hands with them, Babu Mayborn said that it would be of great benefit if the residents would come forward to donate tyrpa or ka. eat and drink in their protest.
Freeman has been the Syiem of Sohra Hima since
Comparing this with the expenditure before 2018, he said that we have seen a rapid increase in the expenditure, pointing out that the rapid implementation of the MDA government. Sangma also spoke on the need to contribute for the youth, declaring them a major weapon and the availability of resources in Meghalaya.
This is important for the minorities across India and especially in the North East which is vulnerable to traditional snap if suddenly overwhelmed by the indigenous peoples of India.
Through the leadership of Nikseng, the three abductees were released on Tuesday night without paying any money.
Because the more assistance or schemes they receive, the more people and their constituency becomes stable and prosperous, why? Quoting a Prime Minister of India, he said that if you want to donate to a person or persons of any state, perhaps about 100 tyngka, the money will reach that person or persons. the remaining money of the man shall be about shiphew or hundred pieces of silver.
Shillong, Nailar 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the Chief Minister's Youth Center at Chibra Agal village in Rongram C&RD Block, West Garo Hills. MLA Thomas A Sangma.
The inspection of these shops was led by Officers from Mylliem C&RD Block and Engineers from PWD Department who will send the report to the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
Length of this article : 2,110 words (About the author: Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of 17 North Shillong) shah rem kput in this season will not come.
Shillong, March 17: Among the Ministers who came to work today on the curfew called by 10 political parties, only two Ministers including Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, Prime Minister Symbud and Roshan Warji, Minister of Home Affairs.
In the 100 meter race, Jerimaiah from PFR won the first prize while Johnkupar and Stambor from Mylliem won the second and third prizes.
Shillong: The Union of Village Authorities of War Jaintia (UWA) has demanded that the SDO Civil Amlarem, Abhilash Baranwal, should stop the parking of trucks on the highway from Amlarem to Tamabil Bakur and from Dawki to Tamabil Bakur due to the heavy rainfall. too much of Kali.
This does not mean that he will speak in KHADC because it is only to encourage the NPP supporters in Sohiong constituency, but he does not think that in a few months the UDP has been removed from the Executive Committee.
The arrest of foreigners in the area came after the arrest of 10 others in Byrnihat.
There you will see the smuggling of goods which has increased due to the lack of BSF personnel in those areas.
Sohra, July 24: The Thomas Jones School of Mission and Evangelism on Tuesday celebrated the 172nd Anniversary of the birth of Rev Thomas Jones in Sohra.
So far, the BJP and Shiv Sena have won in Maharashtra and the BJP has won in the state assembly elections in Haryana.
Let them say something in your house...” Bahdeng said, “Yes, don't be afraid.
All this is the will of God and the establishment of this church in this Shnong Nangbah is also the choice of God.
It is understood that the establishment of ADCs has been one of the measures taken by the Government of India to include the indigenous peoples who have their own Constitution.
When attempting to get details on the matter, it could not be confirmed, as the Assembly session has not ended.
Many states in India elect a new government every five years.
Shillong: There have been 70 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases undergoing treatment to
AVOID CIGARETTE OR ALCOHOL: The use of these types of alcoholic beverages can lead to many health problems.
Hey Trekirot, I have blessed the church of Sarot Chirup and the Blai ki Syiem for your efforts to build a house in the village of Kamtae. sae Lord, Yooluti is here to sit down, to sleep, to sleep.
(This means that we will judge the 12 tribes of Israel) at that time of the 1000 year reign and judgment of Jesus).
Elon Musk, who has 11 children, is delighted that the authorities in Tokyo, Japan, have launched a special app to track down shyiengkrung. The country has too few children in these days.
Nongstoiñ: Various political parties of West Khasi Hills District, including the HYC, KSU, FKJGP and others have witnessed the arrival of the two Chief Ministers of the two states at Langpih. to encourage the people living in these border areas.
Because even since ancient times, any place that the people have not used has been taken away by the raid.
The residents admitted that they have to go to the shyngiar wells farther away from the village to fetch water and sometimes they have to buy it. The state government has issued an order that all SSA schools should not appoint teachers even if there are vacancies.
Shillong: In a meeting between Chief Secretary MS Rao and the Armed Forces in the state, MS Rao today urged the heads of various armed forces in the state to , to set up their own testing centers and to place themselves in places closer to the public.
In the next match between Elite Xi and Lmya, LMYA elected to bat first after winning the toss.
Employment and livelihood should improve the quality of life and improve the physical, mental and spiritual well-being of the individual and family.
The former Mawsynram MLA once again appeared on the stage to request the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Comingone Ymbon to inspect the Umngi River on the 28th June, households in the river.
It is to be recalled that the Nongmynsong Housing Project has been left unfinished which should have been completed since April 2009 and July 2010 in all parts.
It is under the supervision of Dr.D.Ranee, who is a pediatrician, that this hospital has provided this special treatment to this newborn baby who has suffered from this disease. moreover, which shows that there is a lack of adequate care even in the most remote areas.
Nongstoiñ, June 30: On Saturday, the leaders and members of FKJGP Mawlangsu Area Unit, under the leadership of Bah Syrpaily Kharit President, Robert Wahlang, Organizing Secretary, FKJGP Rambrai Circle, on Saturday, They visited the Sub Health Center at Mawlangsu.
Shillong: Other political parties in the MDA government including the PDF and HSPDP may allow the UDP to nominate a joint candidate for the 2019 MP election from Shillong constituency.
“I have been a Sengbhalang leader and I have experienced the MPDA three times and I understand the meaning of the government's arrest of youths in the MPDA,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
The HYC also urged the SDO to take action and look into the increase in electricity bill. At the same time, it urged the MeECL department to investigate as there are villages in the area which do not have electricity. for about six months, especially in the rainy season.
Heard has also filed a $50 million defense lawsuit against her, after alleging that Depp was involved in repeatedly abusing her and she feels like a victim. the house the sem.
In order to host the tournament, India has prepared a difficult budget over the past 10 years for the expenditure on the venues.
The District Administration has set up this Helpline to enable the public to talk to doctors or experts to get explanations on any doubts that the public may have.
Besides the Hingaria Unit, UDP Natbor Unit President and Secretary Lap Suchen and Super Suchen have also resigned.
Juice is a low-calorie, energy-boosting juice that you can drink every day but you can drink it if your body is adequate.
Also present were Harvis Phawa, former Headmaster of Jalyiah), Ma Joining Dkhar, former Headmaster of Khliehmyntriang and others.
The main occupation of the inhabitants here is agriculture.
He urged the Khasi people not to hesitate to take the jait to their father lest the Khasi people be removed from the Schedule Tribe.
The chief guest at the opening ceremony was Ma Lomis Langstang.
Only if there is discipline can it be run in proper order.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie informed the SHGs about the establishment of other SHGs, so that they can learn how to set up activities to save their group.
The report recommends that houses should not be searched at night, especially in houses where there are people and it is also recommended that for these searches, vehicles are needed. patients, to be present and also that the police, should also have bright glasses, at night.
That is, to find out the causes of backwardness in efficient and effective working methods and immediately eliminate backwardness in working methods and to create skilled workers. I mean all the people who work in their own fields in this state.
Speaking on the occasion, Robertjune said that the reason why Meghalaya has not received the ILP may also be because the MP from Meghalaya is against it.
So far, 12,400 people have returned to the state.
The order was issued by SDM Sononi Verma and will be effective in all Sub Divisions from Friday until further notice.
Furthermore, as a clarification from the Seng regarding the news issued by FKJGP Jaintia Hills and HYC Jaintia Hills, the Seng has not invited them to join the MPUF but they themselves have joined the meeting. The arrest of members of the party at Ladrymbai Police Outpost on 25/11/2019 is the reason why the names of the two parties have been mentioned in the memorandum sent to Home Minister James K. Sangma on 29/1 2019 these two parties do not have their names in the memorandum because the party does not feel the need for these two parties and the party will go according to its own knowledge and understanding if it is on any issue that the party has take.
However, for reasons affecting the society, Sohblei Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh resigned and Bah Sumar Sing Sawian was appointed to revive the religion and customs of the Raij Mawbuh and to include the Khasi people.
It is to be recalled that Bah Tiewiong was arrested by the police and then imprisoned. The torture of Hepkhoit and many other members of the party before the police killed him is still ongoing. you are on your way.
The victims were identified as Sodum T Sangma, alias Jop Bigshow and Saintchecker Sangma.
The Lum Sohpetbneng Committee invites all the children of Hynniewtrep Hynniawwasa to attend this annual celebration of the nation.
The French rulers of the last century, such as Major PRT Gurdon, BC Allen ICS, Sir Cantlie ICS and others who ruled in the Khasi-Pnar area, said that the Khasi were They are different from other fellow citizens, because they know man and know God, they are clear and wise in thought, they are clean and pure in their lives and in the way of governing the Hima.
Bhadaur is another constituency where Channi is contesting, besides Chamkaur.
Bah Khan is the owner of the parking lot at Anjalee.
Synrem said he cannot comment on the MHA's letter but the demand of the HYC is for the Governor to expedite the approval of the MRSSAB, .
Perhaps it would benefit everyone if we practiced standing in line to buy cinema tickets, or in front of ration shops, or when we boarded the bus, and how much more if we could do so, would prove that we are people who tea bad don't agree.
No one has died of covid-19 today.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Fenela said that in fact, her visit to Motphran was not to express her support for Bah Paul, but the main reason why she stood there. She said that she expects that there will be an invitation from the Pastor to attend the meetings in order to speak clearly on this issue. However, she said that she did not have the opportunity to explain to the public in Motphran.
Many crimes and tragic car accidents are caused by alcohol.
Even households, schools, market places and uninhabited areas produce garbage except for factory waste, hazardous waste, hazardous waste, waste from households. The Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 includes waste products such as health facilities, batteries, and waste.
The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court said that his job is to give justice to all and he will expedite the judgment.
According to Bah Spenri, who is currently undergoing treatment at Shillong Civil Hospital, this happened on 27th November, 2022 at about 12:00 pm. while his family was fast asleep.
Another issue that the speakers stressed on was the increasing number of marriages at an early age, which causes problems to their families and affects especially their health. Woman, because you have begun to give birth at an early age.
In a letter of complaint sent to the SP of East Garo Hills, Williamnagar, on 17th June, the Returning Officer of 42-Rongjeng Constituency has requested that a person should be punished for allegedly cheating. Electronic Voting Machine (EVM).
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA from Shillong South and Minister of State, on Tuesday said that Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, MDC Sohryngkham and Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been appointed as the Chairman of the KHADC. ), he took the initiative to go to Delhi to request the Ministry of Defense of the Government of India to resolve the issue of the 58 GTC Military Gate on the road to Mawshbuit.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the colleagues at Meghalaya House Kolkatta, said that Bah Mawlong had been suffering from illness for several days, but when they tried to send him for treatment at the hospitals in the city, refused to treat him.
"To Rida, tell me why your Panah says that you too can't tell whether you really loved him or whether you promised to take care of him like a friend. your husband.
Temporary appointments have been made by the government in many government departments to people who have close ties with politicians and government officials, in violation of the appointment rules and Service Rules.
Shillong, Lber 26 : Pyrda FC have won the title of the 13th AS Khongphai Memorial U-14 Football Tournament 2022-23 organized by Upper Shillong FC after beating Upper Shillong Sports Social & Cultural Association (U-14) Nongpiur SC won 5-3 goals in the final match which was played on October 25, 2023 at Nongpiur Stadium.
It is no longer possible to understand the opinion of the people whether they don't like the party or the candidate.
The Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturers Association (JHCMA) has proposed to change the price of cement after the government has complained that it cannot implement the price set by the government.
One snieh was found in Iawmusiang on Saturday.
The leaders of the Association said that the DTO of East Jaintia Hills District, from time to time, has issued orders that private vehicles are not allowed to take advantage of the market. local taxi, but the illegal operation of private vehicles continues, not only that, there are also local taxis which operate without proper documents, so the EJTODA urges those who operate illegally to stop immediately and if they want to operate illegally they should submit the necessary documents to the DTO office and obtain permits. to earn.
He also expressed his satisfaction that the RDA has received the most talented candidate who has a concern for the needs of the people.
When asked why he left the Congress despite being the UDp candidate in 2018, he said, “The UDP in 2018 has become the UDP which has failed for the people.
Therefore, for the development of your SHGs, I urge you women to unite, work together, remove the differences and differences, because only by doing so will bring about the development in all fields, he added.
This comes after his contract was terminated by mutual agreement between the parties in November
Dr Vardhan said the BJP-led central government is determined to develop the North East in all aspects.
In this description of foods, it also explains the foods that are suitable for the different needs of the people, it also teaches about how much you need to eat and they are also easy to obtain, which are the foods that are available to everyone. sun.
During this discussion on the environment, there was an opportunity to discuss with the students to express their concerns and feelings on the environment.
There will also be many kayakers from around the world such as Sri Lanka, Switzerland, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, the United States of America, the Czech Republic, Australia, Norway, Chile, Mexico, Germany, and France including Eight kayakers from Meghalaya and one from Arunachal Pradesh.
The law will do its duty,” said Bah Tynsong.
I am the son-in-law of Bah Krisno Mawrie, the son of Bah Lakyntiew Kharpor.
The FPWD has sent a letter to the Chairman/Secretary of the MHRC on 9th November and has submitted the complaint to the Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities. Congress candidate from Sohiong.
“We have discussed at the meeting how to resolve this issue and requested the Indian government to increase the efforts so that the mining factories can buy coal from India through the borders of Meghalaya,” he said. Freedom.
After growing up, he was sent to St. Louis Institute for the Deaf and the Blind in Adyar Chennai, Tamil Nadu in 2003 from class VII until he completed class X. year 2006 by the Board of Secondary Education, Tamil Nadu.
However, when there is no faith in each other, no faith in ourselves and no duty – the nature and gradually the moral character will begin to decline.
Former Sikkim Chief Minister Pawan Kumar Chambling, who has also held the seat for five terms, has been defeated by SKM candidate Bhoj Raj Rai.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the union, Bah Hercules Suting, said that the union had earlier received information that the village authority of Mawlasnai village had sold a 600sq plot of land. ft to a Nepali named Tilku Bahadur and the party has sought detailed information to find out the truth.
Jumreit was afraid that there would be no world anymore, because when Tangmar came, what would happen?
“The shutdown of the internet and the inability to maintain peace has caused the people to suffer severely.
On this occasion, the Rangbah Shnong, LD Lakiang, a prominent Sengbhalang leader of Jaintia Hills in the past, told us about how Ladthadlaboh was started. Russell Nongrum, Secretary of the Jubilee Celebration Committee, was also present.
Indeed, when I arrived at Riangdo, the disease became severe and I had to be taken to NEIGRIHMS.
Tura: Several people have been admitted to hospital after eating fish distributed at a funeral home in Adokgre, on the border of North Garo Hills and Assam.
He said that one of the truck drivers who was standing near the truck, invited Bah Bokstar to sit with him in the truck. Without informing the driver of the truck, he went to the truck while the puh shilum was loading, and the stones and soil were removed from the truck. and a great stone fell upon his head.
Besides the 62-run friendly for the third wicket, Meghalaya struggled to score runs, but the remaining batsmen fought as hard as they could.
Paswet said that the most affected fish are the chocolate mahseer or the indigenous fish which are unique to the area and are on the list of endangered species. almost 2 kinds.
Shillong: St Mary's College has opened the first round of the Govt.
According to her, the same benefits granted by other States of the country to retired Justices and Judges who have less than three months in service will be granted.
The 11 MDCs of KHADC (GVRMABPPGTLF) have auctioned these alphabets and signed without date saying “We support the Mou, with this support without thinking. Himanta of Assam, an expert encroacher who had crossed the border and destroyed the states in the North East neighboring Assam, had committed the sin of bloodshed. I'm not sure what to do.
Regarding the construction of this road which does not reach Maweit, many of the residents of Maweit area have expressed their happiness, but many have also expressed their concern.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Umniuh Khwan and HANM Umiam Circle, today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, to express their strong opposition to the allocation of The two families were allowed to hold their wedding ceremony at Ri Kynjai Resort, a resort located in the village.
After meeting with Bah Hek, Sanbor said it is true that the government has decided to end the deadline for the recruitment of these 220 nurses. government health facilities in different parts of the state.
They have become wicked paths.
The owner of the shop, Suh Jain, said, “Because of the shortage and decline in the market, I sell kyiad to support my children”.
All the Kurs in Hynniewtrep should be registered to know the names of the Presidents, Secretaries of the Kurs and so that there will be no errors in the spelling of the names of the Kurs.
He said the VPP is not only a political party but a people's struggle for the revival, improvement and transformation of Meghalaya.
Wansuk said in an interview with several journalists that Modi's action is a sign of insult to Christians and shows that Modi is against Christians. “Modi is anti-Christian and has said that even in churches should be placed images of idols and priests should be called gurus and this is an insult to Christians,” he said. you said Wansuk.
From generation to generation, this synjor spreads to the rympei, and eventually appears outside the nation.
He also praised the good work done by the company Star Cement which is not only in the development of education but also in other areas for the development of the district and the country. The company can also provide more assistance than what is provided.
It has been only three months since the Executive Committee of the ARPA took over the rule of KHADC,” said Bah Pangniang, who is also the Secretary of the Parliamentary Party (PP) of the HSPDP. The UDP has also sent a letter to the Secretary of the ARPA on Thursday. According to Pangniang, the UDP's demand is urgent. by thinking carefully.
The churchgoers have been directed to obey the traffic police and not to cross the road while driving. Vehicles once they have entered the church will not be allowed to leave. bym pat wai the prayer.
These are only rough figures, and there may be more children who cannot attend school or who have to drop out of school part-time.
In addition, the members have been directed to reject all responsibilities regarding the implementation of NEP-2023 from today, the letter said.
"At the same time, on the other side of the village on the other side of the highway which passes through the village, members of another family were comforting the wife of another man, Bah Krejunlang Khongjirem. Bah Jun, who died in this incident, left behind a wife, who is in critical condition, and four children.
Therefore, the Association requests the sumo drivers that if any sumo drivers are too high in the price changed by the Association, please inform the Association so that they can take the necessary action. .
Shillong: The BJP has demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, should immediately arrest those involved in the smuggling of coal from the state. the day before.
The Manager of the Petrol Pump, Chandra Kan Singh, said that at that time, about 10 vehicles had come to fill up the tank and all the employees were busy filling up the tank. They came into the treasury to rob and immediately fled.
Dr Mukul said that those who should receive this quota should be only the athletes from the state who have represented the state in sports in India and abroad.
Priya Raghav 217.1 (576).
“Even in the middle of the night they come out when there is an incident to stop,” said Kong Jana and added that this behavior of the women has brought peace to the village.
She slammed the leader of the new VPP, saying that now a new political party has emerged, which wants transparency in the rule of law but its leader, who encourages voters to eat. and he went out into the field at other times in the morning, and returned home in the evening.
The inclusion in the fifth Khyrnit, as explained from time to time, has brought many benefits, in which the youth of the state can write examinations in Khasi.
Babu Kular KhongjiremIn politics, there is no permanent friend or permanent enemy in politics.
The DHS has expressed its surprise that Dr Jamir has published a newspaper alleging that he used slander and slander when sending IIPH out of the NIFT campus and said that I have turned IIPH into a homeless person. “The truth is that IIPH is still using many of the functions of the DHS (Malaria) to run the university,” he said.
Thousands of children of Niamtre have come to witness the closing ceremony of the biggest Behdieñkhlam in Jaintia Hills at Tuberkmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills District on Thursday.
Who are those who begin to darken it? Or those who want to fight against Israel? The Bible foretold that they were “the tents of Edom and Ishmael, Moab, Hagar, Gibeon, Ammon, Amalek, Philistia, and the inhabitants of Tyre.
It cannot be said that fear overwhelms and destroys life and therefore the message is to overcome fear.
Tlang, who grew up through the coaching staff of Shillong FC, also started his career as a full-time footballer from the same club in
Your training is not available.
He said that the Government has created many Civil Sub Divisions and C&RD Block last year in the State which have been the long-standing aspirations of the people and this has been achieved only by the NPP-led Government. Speaking at the election campaign in Rongara-Siju Constituency led by Rakkam A Sangma, Conrad said that in the past three years, despite many challenges, the NPP-led Government has been able to implement various development projects in the State.
Prestone said the announcement was made after receiving the approval of the NPP National President Conrad K Sangma who is also the Chief Minister of the state.
The number of cases has risen to 11.55 lakh and the death toll to 28,0
They include four from Assam, one from Arunachal Pradesh, one from Meghalaya and one from Tripura.
One is religion and the other is color.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The MCA will soon host the 21st Meghalaya Open Garrom Championship.
We get light only in the morning and we don't have enough.
On the other hand, one of the owners of the factory in the Industrial Estate, Vishal Jain, while talking to reporters, said that this incident was caused by the owner of Raingdo. Veneer Private Limited and all its employees have never had any incident that affected the community, but due to the lack of cooperation of the factory, the incident occurred inside the Industrial Estate in Umïam.
A person who can read and write and who is intelligent is different from a person who is illiterate.
We didn't complain, we didn't complain, we didn't complain but when a proposal came to the Cabinet under the leadership of DD Lapang for the exploration of uranium in West Khasi Hills.
Therefore, he said that the people should not win the VPP only in the MP or MDC elections, but should work hard for 2028, because if there is no change in 2028, the state will face. a big problem.
Shillong, July 27: The unemployment crisis in the state has been evident in the number of youths applying for jobs in government departments, companies or any other employer.
During the training, farmers were taught how to fight against Niangkhung pest and how to plant and protect riewhadem.
One of the reasons for the suspension of the working methods of Bah Ardent is because there was no discussion or consultation with the leaders of the Mairang Unit before the dissolution of the Mairang Unit. “It was suddenly announced at the meeting held on the 13th of this month where Bah Ardent announced the names of the new office bearers of the party, and this is a violation of the constitution of the party,” he said. you are Myrthong.
Nitin Gadkari, Minister of Roads, Government of India, has made it clear that those vehicles which are more than 40 years old will be destroyed as they pollute the environment and assured that the government will be able to forgive. tax or less than the purchase price, which may reach T.2.5 lakh or more, for those vehicles worth about T.10 lakh.
Lionel Messi has been linked with a move to Saudi Arabia and has been offered more than £350m a year by Al-Hilal.
“Instead of taking action to curb smuggling at the border to protect the people, the BSF troops have come to patrol the National Highway 6 in East Jaintia Hills District to curb smuggling at the border. He also alleged that the BSF has not been able to curb crime on the border and this has created fear and anxiety for the people of the area. On the 12th of July 2023, a woman, (L) Priskila Suchiang, from Donaskur village, was shot dead by suspected Bangladeshis. They have fled to Bangladesh although the area is guarded by BSF troops. He said that after these incidents, the people in the border areas have been killed. Kynjaimon urged the BSF troops to take action to ensure that the border areas are safe for the people. smuggling activities on the border but at the same time it is necessary to curb the smuggling of people into the border of India and also to increase security and also to set up more security checkpoints in places on the border. border.
They also said that the world is now moving with technology which has made it easier for the people in many ways and which has helped to speed up the work and get information quickly in minutes or seconds. .
In the Indian Round Mixed Team, West Khasi Hills District won the bronze medal after beating Ri Bhoi District.
According to his word.
However, if the election campaign affects the nation and society, they will be guilty of violating the Model Code of Conduct.
In most of these incidents, the petrol bombs did not explode, there was no damage to property or any injuries.
Lawai said that the ring light of the people in Mawryngkneng village has reached 800 households and with the introduction of the poor scheme, the use of light in the village has increased. The village urges MeECL to complete this work for the benefit of the villagers.
The young man arrived on Tuesday evening after returning from Nepal.
He said that tomorrow (14th July) he will send a letter to the UDP to stop applying for tickets from the party to contest the Lok Sabha MP elections next year.
One of these women is a resident of Nongthliew and the other is a resident of Mawlai Mawtawar.
Other dignitaries including the Block Development Officer of Jirang C&RD Block, Bah D.K. Syiemiong, Bah JK Phawa, Officer In-charge, Patharkhmah Police Outpost, as the chief guest, Bah Cornelius Laloo as the special guest and others, including Bah Najim Kharmalki, Sordar Shnong of Patharkhmah and other dignitaries. you are in the area of ​​Pathrakhmah.
Shillong: The Congress party from Mawsynram constituency has announced its candidate for the 2019 MDC election.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Ward Commissioner of the Cantonment Board, Vikash Gupta, on Tuesday said that the army has blocked the road from Anjali, Lady Keane area to the Civil Hospital. the public in traffic.
Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and High Court Judge W Diengdoh have fixed the date for the hearing on 30th June
Sadiq Khan, the Mayor of London, has accused US President Donald Trump of being a stupid man.
The Government should immediately order these factories to provide STPs, ETPs, or waste disposal sites to prevent the release of waste.
I dare say that no one can ever testify.
Shillong, November 13: The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India has set up a High Level Committee to look into the current situation in Garo Hills and to give its opinion on whether The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the implementation of the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) in Lum Garo.
Even today, when the patient is sick with fever, headache and cold, they wash the patient with Kwit umsoh.
During the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Swimming Federation of India (SFI) convened by all its offices in different states, the Swimming Federation of India (SFI) RN Jayaprakash has been re-elected without any opposition as the Chief Executive Officer of SFI. He said that it is a great task to be re-elected once again to carry out the remaining tasks of the synjuk.
The message she sent to the students is, “You are what you are, you must be happy, yes in human life, we have difficulties that we have to go through, but if we listen to them all you will it cannot be a star or a strong star to build the future.
He said the government should also suspend the application process until the Reservation Policy of the state is finalised.
The list of women who will represent Meghalaya are: Dianchidora N Sangma, Dubleen D Nengnong, Indariakor Kharwanniang, Fennysha Nongrum, Ankita Sharma, Kambesa Agitok, Abiezer Kharsyiem, Janicka R Marak, Monica Singh, Emisakani Warjri, Rikmanchi M Sangma, Jayshree Singh, Awesa G Momin, Jaylynn R Marak, Natasha Rabha.
We want peace and stability in our border areas,” said Bah Passah, Leader of KHNAM. The 3rd Tirot Singh Memorial Trophy Football Tournament 2022 has come to an end on the 29th of November
In the second match of the day, which was played at 5 pm, Lawmali Pyllun Sports Club beat Nongumlong Sports Club 3-2 beautiful and beautiful between both sides.
Police also seized drugs from a cupboard and a letter from the National Revolutionary Front of Manipur (NRFM), a rebel group in Manipur, written by the Secretary Finance of the NRFM. Police said this shows that these people have links with the Manipur rebels.
The farmers alleged that Ashish Misra, son of Ajay Misra, Minister of State for Home Affairs, was in one of the vehicles. Ashish Misra, on charges of murder.
East Bengal FC beat Neroca FC 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament in Manipur on Saturday.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills Shillong, Bah M Kharkrang explained the purpose and need to make Shillong safe and the laws related to driving.
Where will you get such a place specially blessed by the gods.
In an attempt to chase the target, Golflinks CC were bowled out for 115 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 13.5 overs.
Prestone said that if the political parties in the MDA coalition government receive a letter from the Congress, they will sit down to discuss the matter.
India continues to distribute polio drops in January every year, due to the spread of polio from these neighboring countries.
In the past two years, they have tried to give a little bit but our people have decided not to accept it until the border is settled.
atleast think a little bit about it.
He said that what they expect from him always happens because the Prime Minister is the Head of Government.
The MBoSE only wants gifted/talented students.
Three sons and two grandchildren of Hamas leader Ismail Naniyeh were killed in an Israeli bombing of Gaza on Sunday, according to reports. Everyone.
Various NGOs can also send their suggestions in writing to the office of the party in the districts or to the office of the party in the state.
Because it was the day before the Passover of the Jews, a large crowd came there and heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem. Hosanna in the highest: Blessed is the King of Israel.
Because God does not dwell in temples made with hands.
Haka 15.7.1949.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Tackmon L Gympad Secretary Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society said that the Society will continue to conduct more such trekking programs in some of the famous places in the area. and to learn more about natural resources.
Those who have come to England understand and know better how far behind we are in all aspects without mentioning names.
Donald Trump began his campaign for the upcoming presidential election on Saturday, but his campaign in Tulsa, on the Oklahoma River, did not. was not at all encouraging to him.
Utilization Certificate (UC) not yet issued against Grants-in-Aid sanctioned by the State Government; at the end of FY 2022-23, 454 UCs worth Rs 3,436.01 crore were undisbursed, therefore, there is no assurance that the expenditure of Rs 3,436.01 crore has been spent for the authorized work.
The Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Development, West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday conducted a training on milk production as part of the celebration of National Milk Day to be held on the 26th of this month.
He said that the preparations for this election have been going well and the party has gone ahead to seek the support of the people to win with honor this candidate who is his brother-in-law. not HDR Priest.
Sanmga said that in the second or fourth month of this month, he will personally visit Phulbari village to gather the supporters of AT Mondal.
Shillong: The Marwari community in Shillong has supported the demand for Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
Shillong, June 22 : The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has held its Annual General Meeting (AGM) and Executive Elections for the 2022-26 season on 20th June 2023 at the Guest House of the ICSSR. starting at 11 o'clock in the morning.
Among the government schools in the state, Government Boys' Higher Secondary School, Jowai and Government Girls' Higher Secondary School Tura were awarded with 100% pass. Government Boys' Higher Secondary School Shillong followed by 86.2% of the 29 candidates.
The two teams played on the opening day but due to the heavy rain, the two teams got 2 points each.
The Special Session will begin on 18th November and end on 22nd November.
The smuggling of this drug into Bangladesh is used as an alcoholic beverage instead of kyiad and Bangladesh has banned the smuggling of this drug.
Earlier, the KSU leaders had also expressed their strong opposition to the behavior of the Chief of Police during the meeting.
The king first called 15 khoraw kheibah (strong young men) to catch the pig.
Passing well in the SSLC and HSSLC are only the first and second steps to reach the goal in education, said Dr Sankey.
When we walk and stand, we are sad to see such roads which once it rains have risen with the rainwater.
Referring to the comments of many that the HSPDP is too old and cannot lead the people of the state, he said that the comments of the people are not true, because those who criticize are people who do not understand the principles of the party and do not want the nation to survive.
If the heavenly bodies are wonderful, the earth is wonderful, how much more those things which God has prepared for those who love Him.
MAL is a government company under the jurisdiction of the Planning Department and was established under Section 2 (45) of the Companies Act
AJCA scored 91 runs while Ri Bhoi scored 63 runs.
Shillong: The Mawsynram Block Congress Committee (MBCC) has immediately denied the allegation of involvement in the injury of the brother of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM of KHADC. on this incident which happened on the night of the 17th of this month.
The United Nations World Water Development Report 2021 says that the world's water shortage has increased significantly from 500 BCM in 1900 to more than 4,000 BCM today.
In November 2022, he said, the Enforcement Directorate had informed that an asset worth Rs 13.63 crore belonged to a company involved with TMC Youth Wing leader Vinay Mishra.
“In fact, foreign workers are only employees or traders, and they have no right to be the owners, the bosses, the bosses and the bosses inside our Khasi Khasi Jaintia country and as the villagers of the area. Narpuh Elaka, we cannot accept this violence by these foreigners,” said the statement.
“The police should arrest or arrest people on sufficient evidence, and there should be an independent investigation to arrest the people involved in this case,” Saleng said.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday sent a petition to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A. Sangma requesting for the appointment of a translator if the Governor Phagu Chauhan could not speak in English in his speech on the opening day of the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly.
“c.
Manish’s leads in terms of average, getting a wicket every 8.25 runs, while Abhishek’s average is 12.76.
The swearing-in ceremony of Sharif will be held on October 4 at the Presidential Residence of Pakistan.
He said that the union has received information that the documents are in the office of the DC Nongpoh and the union has demanded from the DC Ri Bhoi Dr. Pooja Pandey not to accept this proposal. that soldier.
On the other hand, the union wishes this youngster to play well and bring glory to the region and the state as a whole.
In a statement, the AITC alleged that the people of Meghalaya have suffered too much under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma and now it has not been able to do anything against the BJP which has fought as hard as it can to kill the people. the public.
The two District Councils, KHADC and JHADC, should be involved from the beginning to the end of the demarcation process and the Government should have a good foundation on the four issues to be demarcated and not just listen. “What the Assam Government says is not forced,” said the Seng.
These bands will be performing in the same stage one after another, so the village invites and welcomes all those who like to listen to the songs to come and support these bands. to improve in this field of music especially in these days when the youth are involved in many kinds of evils of society so that they can escape from all these things.
There were also some of these leaders who came forward and apologized for the incident where one of the leaders publicly announced the apology for the incident.
it shall become a tree with a willow tree and a cedar" Isaiah 35:5-7
He said that three states in the North East, including Meghalaya, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh, have been attacked by the BJP and RSS in these days. in which the people no longer have the opportunity to make public the voice they intend to make.
Amanda said that at 9 pm on the 14th, she received the news that her sister had passed away. He went to Mawlai Nongpdeng where his wife had committed suicide.
The head offices of these companies are not located in Shillong.
The word of God was fulfilled.
On this occasion, the Sport Club also honored the SNGEWBHA staff of Huroi, the participants in various sports, as well as the students of Huroi.
The induction ceremony of the District School Education Officer, MBS&G West Jaintia Hills District was also held.
Therefore, I understand that the task of leadership itself is more difficult than the flesh. If we are not strong and trustworthy, we will not succeed.
The Chief Election Commissioner of India, Rajiv Kumar, told reporters in Shillong on Tuesday that there are 290 voters in Meghalaya who are over 100 years of age.
On the other hand, the public bus authorities have sent their condolences to the family of the child and promised to ensure the rights of the child by investigating thoroughly into the incident. and to find out whether it was the fault of the driver of the bus.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 120 new cases have been confirmed and 1020 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Shillong, March 16: The HSPDP today confirmed its interim office bearers as the full office bearers of the party as elected at the CEC meeting. The meeting was held on the 6th of this month at the residence of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit.
He also expressed the hope that the existence of this road will not only make it easier for the residents to travel but will also help to improve their income and livelihood on a daily basis.
Mawkyrwat, July 10: The Sngap Syiem College Mawkyrwat (SSCM) on July 8, 2022 has launched its first quarterly newsletter entitled, The Sngap Syiem College Newsletter.
Jowai, July 27: Hundreds of residents of Mukhla area of ​​West Jaintia Hills District today joined the TMC as full members of the TMC at a meeting held at Highwinds. Bitos Sari was born in Thadlaskeiñ.
Regarding these incidents, the KSU Khatarshnong Circle, one of the organizations in charge of the welfare of the area, in its emergency Executive, has decided that all the male and female employees who do not It is from the Khatarshnong area that they should leave the villages and townships within this area.
The change of government in Delhi has encouraged the national parties in the state ruled by the Congress while the BJP is ruled in the central government. “It is not easy to find out the truth about the allegations of involvement of politicians and rebel groups because the accused people are in power and it is not easy to find out the truth,” he said. The UDP and its opposition allies have demanded the resignation of the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma after he was accused of having links with the rebel group.
These teams will prepare for the final on Saturday at Deinchynrum Stadium in Khliehriat for the title.
There have been 86,052 new cases of covid-19 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 58 lakh and the death toll in the past 24 hours to 1,1 The number of confirmed cases in India has risen to 92,2
The age in which we live believes in the principle, “If I rise, others will rise too”, but this is a wrong principle and it is a scientific trick of some riewkhwan who want to All the wealth of the world or the village or the country shall be in their hands and in their households.
Therefore, we must never allow this mynder thinking to take root in the minds of every member of the nation.
The Union of Jowai, War Jaintia, Ri Jaintia and Mupyut Village Authorities have reached an agreement and unanimously decided to cooperate and allow the dumping of garbage. ) and JHADC in Mynkai for three months so that the government can find a suitable place to dump the garbage on Thursday.
Therefore, the problem is that the kerWym is not available.
It was in Midian that God called Moses from Mount Horeb to the Law of Medeh.
Soon it will also be held in Shillong and Jowai.
For more information, the HNYF members also met with the officials of the state forest department at Rani village, Meghalaya-Assam border.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, on 24th June arrived in Shillong to campaign for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidates for the upcoming 27th June 2013 polls. “They have turned Meghalaya into an ATM machine, for what? For their personal gain.
Because I work with Voluntary Organizations, people start turning to me.
Exercise not only reduces the risk of stroke but also helps prevent many diseases, reduce weight and maintain blood pressure.
“I want the young generation to take advantage of modern technology and take your music to another level," he said.
Speaking to reporters, MCCEU General Secretary, Bah Pynskhem Lyngdoh, said that the petition to the Prime Minister is due to the government's delay in restarting the dewbilat factory. in this area and this delay of the government, has put the workers of this factory in great trouble.
Grace Mary Kharpuri received 5871 votes and Balajied Kupar Synrem received 12,002 votes.
Even in the dances they have their own purposes, that is, to express their prayers, thanksgiving and praise to God.
We have the right to live and reside in this land of Hynniewtrep, other ethnic groups also have the right to their own land, not to come and occupy our land.
Tommy Paul (USA) 183520.
“The victory of the four MLAs from the Voice of the People Party (VPP) is God's answer that there is still hope for the country and the nation. I'm sorry for the many churches in Ri Khasi"
The sea is free for everyone who owns their ship.
The statement said that many people have often asked about the difference between the foundation of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima 182 years ago and the foundation of Syiem Wickliff Syiem, Syiem Khynnah, Nongstoin Hima. , in 1947-48 (64 years) ago and said that it is the heritage of today to take action to search and strive to be clever to read and understand these principles of these two great people.
The Government of India today announced a reduction in the price of petrol by 5 tyngka and the price of diesel by 40 tyngka.
One of these prominent figures in West Khasi Hills District, Bah Daniel Stone Lyngdoh, who is also one of the workers of the Congress party and who is also the Assistant General Secretary of the MPCC Legal Cell, He also expressed his intention to contest the 2018 election from Mawthadraishan Constituency if the party is eligible to give him the ticket.
The winners of the first place in the essay competition were Donesa S.Marak from Don Bosco Hr.Sec., Baghmara; Valareene Moksha of Mawlai Nongpdeng and Nevermind Pohduna of Holy Cross High School, Umkiang.
In fact, Athiabari and neighboring villages like Aradonga and Umsaitwait, at the meeting held on 24th July
He said that new block offices have been established in all the states, and added that schools have received new buildings.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Nongsawlia Presbyterian Church, Shillong, invites all the people to a service to mark the 175th Anniversary of Pastor Thomas Jones I and Anne Jones at Saitsohpen, Sohra. on November 18-20,
Regarding Djokovic's withdrawal from the tournament, reports said that he will be replaced by Nikoloz Basilashvili.
The BJP government in India had earlier approved the price of Covishield at T.150 and GST at T.152 per litre, but Poonawalla said that was the price. , which is temporary and is also, at the request of the Narendra Modi government.
It is for this reason that Jesus wants all those who believe to worship God in spirit and in truth: For the Father seeketh such to worship him. :23.
During the ceremony, the musicians were placed on the altar and the prayer began with the offering of thanksgiving followed by the sowing of seeds to pray for the good of the crops.
What is the purpose of allocating tens of acres of land in the European Ward of Shillong to the Harijans and to build more than 300 houses for them?
He said that the Dorbar Shnong through the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District and the office of the Member Secretary of Meghalaya Pollution Control Board (MPCB) Shillong have not issued the news as they had promised. suspend or cancel the public hearing even after giving a written notice of cancellation.
When carrying the Lama, it should be placed in a place where people cannot see it.
According to the Code on Wages, 2019, the employees should receive their monthly salary before the end of the six days of next month, said the petition sent by the union to the CMD. The salary for the following month shall be released in accordance with the Code on Wages, 2019, but otherwise a strike shall be held on the working day.
The Minister said that in November, the Shillong Municipal Board had cleaned the Umkhrah River at a cost of Rs 16 lakh at a cost of Rs 16 lakh from the office of the Deputy Commissioner East. Khasi Hills.
He encouraged and urged them to maintain the spirit of hard work, to succeed in their studies without wasting their precious time so that they can become bright stars in the community and the state. whole.
“We have given 60 days to the Department to provide the list of beneficiaries and 10 days to correct the errors if anyone complains,” he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Hiktorius Pariong said that the reason why he was robbed by these foreigners is because he does not have the money to pay at the Toll Plaza.
New Delhi: The Union Minister of State for Textiles, Smriti Zubin Irani, today inaugurated four projects in the North East to promote silk industry through a video conference in New Delhi today. day.
He also urged the farmers to cooperate with the government so that they can increase the development of agriculture in the rural areas.
The HSPDP candidate Sandondor Ryntathiang on 10th June cast his vote for the mid-term elections of the Sohiong Assembly constituency.
Nongpoh: The KSU Nongpoh Circle, today announced that they will hold a march on the 2nd of July from Pahamsyiem to the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer of MeECL Nongpoh Division.
“Instead of creating problems, it is better that we work together to solve this problem,” he said, adding that the government intends to strengthen the district councils and not to weaken them.
She said that Assam is using health centers in every district to upgrade to medical colleges as many of the requirements for the establishment of medical colleges have been met.
About 4000 people have been forced to stay in Army/AR COBs and government residences in many places and flag marches have been held to ensure security.
Sumarlang Marwei has won the K-1 tournament of the Dastbi MMA Guwahati 2019 at SAI Stadium, Platan Bazar.
North Korea has decided to support Russia even if it is sanctioned or terminated in the future.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle on Saturday awarded 58 students who passed the examinations including SSLC, HSSLC and others with the Mait Shaphrang Academy Award. students in their educational life.
He said that the people who went to encourage Bah Shylla to return to politics are the leaders of the Congress and other parties and they are also the people who support Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit ( MLA of Nongkrem constituency) in the last elections.
The 100 days workers of the village have demanded that the former Secretary of the VEC has misused the money of the people. Block to authorize the election of new office bearers Finally, their complaint has been rejected as the election for the election of VEC office bearers has been allowed to be held today. The election was postponed because the people from the Block did not arrive.
The Minister also informed the media that he is in talks with the Ministry of Railways.
During this pandemic they have served and supported not only their fellow believers, but all their fellow citizens who have been affected by the pandemic.
In addition, the United States Census Bureau estimated that by 2012 the population had exceeded 7 billion.
The Sub-divisional Officer, Jowai.
There are also those who write and translate into English even the languages ​​which I don't want to mention.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone Tynsong said that the MDA government is a government that works for the benefit of the people and how much more so that it is a government that does the needs of the people. The example is this road, because from the day the village leaders went to meet him, that road has been completed.
East Bengal FC have reached the semi-finals of Group B with seven points.
These facts show that the TMC will continue to grow.
Until now, it is the Seng Riewlum and their leaders who have stood against the threats.
He said that in his view, the reason for leaving the party is that they are motivated by religion while the NPP is motivated by money.
Expressing his confidence that he will continue to hold the Shillong seat, Pala said the achievements of the Congress in the past 15 years.
On the other hand, the UDP Ri Bhoi District today inaugurated the party office at Nongpoh Downgate, which is the office for the purpose of strengthening and strengthening the party especially in preparation for the upcoming elections. The 2023 election will not be held in the state.
The President's thoughts are because he loves and appreciates the work he has done as a teacher and at the same time after he has done well in the service. Many teachers or those who speak Hindi have used the word “Guru”. A little bit if we turn back to the life of this great man of India whom all the students and even the teachers Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan was born in a small village on the border of Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh called Tiruttani on the 5th of this month. Nailur, 1888.
Maremdor Sutnga scored 77 runs for 13 wickets in three matches and Daniel Dan was awarded the Man of the Series award.
When asked whether the people have accused the BJP of being a party that hates Christians, Hek said, “Since the day I joined the BJP in 1996, the people have accused the BJP of being a party that hates Christians. but all political parties have something to do against others.
Ronaldo will make his debut for Madrid on 21st November against Shamrock Rovers.
At this meeting, the JAC unanimously decided to give a reprieve to the KHADC until the 15th of this month and if the KHADC does not do anything, the JAC will hold a rally on that day. to sit on hunger strike in the grounds of the District Council and not only that, it will also take other stronger measures.
He said that this group is very necessary for the rights of the voters because it is not a group to campaign or call elections or even to criticize anyone and the only way to “We have been walking as a group and how the people have walked on a clean path in the election of Nongmihkhmat.
On the other hand, PM Modi said that India stands with the people of Nepal and is ready to send relief goods.
Ma Synnah said that the PHE department will clean the dam at Mupiah and repair it during the coming rainy season.
“It was only after the union went to investigate and found that the contractor who constructed this road has surrendered to construct this road,” said Bah Donbor.
He said that the man had escaped from the hospital without any reason and has not been found yet.
Jeofreson Jana has been charged under Sections 364 and 302 of the Indian Penal Code for kidnapping and murder.
Shillong, March 11: The Election Committee of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (I) today failed to decide on the party's candidate for the Shillong Lok Sabha constituency. 2014, but has decided to leave it to the AICC to select the candidate, whom it loses, from among the four candidates who have filed their nominations, including Ma Vincent Pala, who is the incumbent MP; John Kharshiing, who contested the 2009 election from the UDP against Vincent Pala, former Rajya Sabha MP OL Nongtdu and former Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Charles Pynrgope.
Because of the importance of safety, Kong Laloo said that these buses have been equipped with GPS devices to know where they are going and where they are reaching. corner ring far lane 'Camera'.
" (Head wins, tail you lose).
Another topic, it is clear, that this meeting, shows to the whole world, that the Khasi, has its own customs and traditions, which since the beginning of the kulong kumah and which he does not want to have. they are robbers and mushrooms.
At present, the price of rice for BPL households is T.6.75 tyngka and for APL households is T.9 tyngka, but the price of both has been increased to T.3 tyngka. it kilo.
In fact, the Constitution of India clearly states that India is a country of secularism.
C.Kharkongngor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, as the chief guest, said that the existence of the road has helped in many areas whether it is in the field of education. Economic development, health and education will also be improved because with good roads people will be more comfortable in traveling by car.
August Surong of Mookyrdup scored the two goals (12.41), while Yowmiki Chadong (27) scored the second goal for Dongmihsngi.
This is the most serious type of skin disease.
Our Khasi women do not hesitate and participate with courage and do it right.
In 1985, while he was Chief Minister, Capt.
To curb the violence, she said that besides the state police, there are also 198 companies of the Central Armed Police Force and 140 columns of the army.
On the 11th October, 2023, the Church Office bearers held a meeting for the instructions for the participants during these three days along with other service programs in the presence of Rev.TS Wankhar, Bah S Kharmawphlang, Tymmen Basan and others.
Police on Tuesday seized 34.44 grams of heroin from a Tata Truck 1512 B/R No. AS 28 AC 1046 coming from Kalain, Cachar Assam. They planned to raid Lumshnong area and arrest two persons involved.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday conducted a raid in West Bengal in connection with the delay in the work of the Municipal Corporation.
EGH won North Garo Hills and SWKH won East Jaintia Hills.
“My question is, if the PA Sangma Stadium has not been completed for Modi to campaign this month, why did Conrad on November 16, 2022 inaugurate the stadium? “This stadium has been able to hold large events,” Sinha said.
In fact, the tournament was scheduled to be held in April but due to the lack of the first ground, it was postponed to the above date.
On the same day, the MLA also donated face masks and hand sanitizers to the Branch Manager of Meghalaya Rural Bank Mawhati Branch. Mawhati PHC, so that they can distribute to the people when they visit these places, which are also the places where the people need to go.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday said that the creation of another department to look after the improvement of roads will affect the budget of the government. .
The union also demands that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek should immediately address the issue of these 108 workers and should no longer listen to the reasons given by the GVK and This company should have been removed from the state.
Wapung Higher Secondary School, Le Shnong Upper Primary School and Khliehriat Higher Secondary School will qualify for the state level Subroto Cup after winning the title from East Jaintia Hills District.
According to him, the Congress is still stronger than the Trinamool Congress although it is an old party but as it has just entered Meghalaya it will be difficult to win.
These Bills, along with the Indian Stamp (Meghalaya Amendment) Bill 2020, the Meghalaya GST (Amendment) Bill 2020 and the Meghalaya Passengers and Goods Taxation (Amendment) Bill 2020, were introduced on the opening day of the session on 13th October .
Members of Eco Clubs of schools from different districts of the state including Science & Maths Ambassador, students from Chemistry and Life departments took part in the celebration. BSW students from Martin Luther Christian University, B.eD students from College of Teachers Education (PG), Shillong and students from Seven Set, Shillong.
The Seng feels that the state still needs him in many ways and his passing away is a great loss not only to the family but to the nation as a whole.
He said the government would release the report after receiving it.
Mawthoh said the power outage has affected the water supply in many parts of the city which need water pumps.
He said that the party will hold a meeting with the Acting Syiem of Nongspung Hima to discuss and discuss the issue of the Assam Government's border crossing into the state.
Although the Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) wishes you a happy new year 2022 and the beginning of 2023, the Forum has some challenges in relation to the election of leaders in our State in the near future. come.
Kilman died hastily.
Those who attended the program included Dr D. Shylla, SDMHO, Dr W. Bamon, Dr Sumer, ANMs and staff of the health department. you are healthy.
He said that after not meeting with the DC of Ri-Bhoi, he phoned him through his mobile phone and the DC promised to take care of the matter with the suggestion to the DC. Security forces, CCTV cameras should be provided and also should be conducted from time to time by the police due to the presence of people who used to set up illegal camps and bars in the area.
It was also suggested that the government should make rules that those who violate the law should face severe punishment, said a statement from Bah RL Blah, Gen.
The 10k race was divided into four categories according to the age of the participants.
“The VAB of KHADC is still pending in Delhi.
Shillong, Lber 22 : The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has lodged a complaint with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Kong Rebecca V Suchiang regarding the misuse of government vehicles in the state.
Shillong, Lber 28: The First Division Football Tournament of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) will resume on Tuesday at the MFA Ground, Polo, Shillong.
Therefore, the Congress party from the District Congress Committee West Khasi Hills and the 34-Mawshynrut Block Congress Committee have met with our lawyers. “The BCC Mawshynrut has not yet decided on anyone and they still have the right to hold any election,” said Break Lyngkhoi, Vice President of the BCC Mawshynrut. .
Others who attended the ceremony included the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pai'em PM Syiemlieh, Commissioner of Transport, Bah IW Ingty, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, Superintendent of Transport. District Police, Bah MB Syiem, employees of various departments of the state government, Village Leaders, Principals of schools in the area and others.
“Don't count,” said Rangsan.
The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhonoa, said that the department has conducted such an awareness program because these three issues are the most common issues in the society. Speaking on the issue of driving or road safety, he said that the police department should not just rely on luck but should be often. adkar news ñiah times.
He was not handcuffed and it was seen that the police did not hold his hand like the others but it was seen that one SOT policeman held his tyrpeng. .
Police said that he has been involved in thefts in the past and police are conducting investigation to seize the missing mobile phones.
Foods that are good for type 2 diabetes:Fruits : Fruits and vegetables are rich in nutrients and low in calories.
Benami trade will increase in this area and the wealth of the nation will be severely affected.
“We expect that through this office there will be a commitment to improve the hospital and I congratulate the MLA who has not neglected the needs of this hospital through his services and hard work,” said Rev.Dkhar. .
In football, Green House won the title while Yellow House won in basketball and in marchpass, Green House won the title.
He said that the theft of the engine of the Power Tiller has caused him a lot of loss, especially as he is a farmer who lives in agriculture. think that thieves will steal such a thing.
O Para ri, stand up and raise your right hand and your left hand to proclaim the fight against corruption, and to fight against corruption.
I have read the article “The Khasi Family in the Christian Religion” written by Ex-Rev.K.Langrin.
She also said that as the organization which has been working and trying to curb the illegal entry and exit of foreigners into the area especially in the Jaiaw area, she has seen clearly that The DS Lumdiengjri has taken the initiative to curb the infiltration of foreigners into the village by its own authority.
Please, if you are here in Motphran, you should not be punished for smoking, cigarettes, alcohol.
In 2003, she received the Rastriya Lok Bhasha Samman Award from the Gandhi Hindusthani Sahitya Sabha, New Delhi for her literary contributions and participation in many activities.
The initiative, which started from Khunti, Jharkhand, on 15th November, 2023, is specific to rural areas and has now been extended to cover both rural and urban areas.
He said that according to the passage of time, the village needs to have a proper road for the convenience of traffic, transportation especially during the rainy season. They have to deliver to all the markets like Riangdo Shahlang, Nongstoin and others.
Kolkata: A storm and heavy rains have hit parts of West Bengal.
Bah Pherly Rani, the owner of these cows, said that the thieves came at midnight while they were sleeping lyngngain. in place set.
Counterfeit goods vendors from outside the state who claim to be soldiers or representatives of various companies are trying to deceive the public to buy mobile phones, power banks , earphones, headphones and more.
The Vice-Chancellor shall not initiate the appointment of the officer in accordance with the decision of the University's Executive Council.
We have seen the results of the implementation of the Roster System and which groups benefit and which lose.
The public hearing was chaired by Patricia Mukhim and Pastor Nathan Diengdoh who listened to the explanation of the muster roll workers and also the explanation from the Sericulture and Weaving Departments of the state.
Seibor Suchiang 62' and Marbudki Suchiang 85' scored the two goals for Bataw.
The UDP Sohiong Circle on 28th June proposed that the UDP Sohiong Circle on 28th June has proposed to hold a meeting to discuss the issue of elections to the Legislative Assembly. Speaking to reporters, UDP East Khasi Hills District President Titosstarwell Chyne said that the date will be announced by the ECI. They have already received a letter from the UDP Sohiong Circle in the name of Bah Synshar Lyngdoh who is the brother-in-law of Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
In the evening, although Riia had not thought of anything bad or good for Bahnah, Bahnah had already decided that on that day he would express his love for her.
Bah Raswai, EE, MeECL, has taken immediate action and has sent office personnel to Bakur to do what is necessary.
The age limit for U-15 will be children born in 2009 and
He said that in another way to find ways to alleviate the shortage of funds, the Executive Committee will try to fight against the obstruction of funds outside the council's budget by increasing the revenue collection of the Taxation Department. by amending the Trading License Rules, 2023 to amend the Trading License Rules,
Daiapherbha Lamare has sent a letter to the Chief Minister and Kyrmen Shylla to make Wah Lukha a famous tourist destination.
The CEM reminded that the passage of time, if we look back in the past, it was never easy for women to appear in any position related to society and the job as mothers is to improve. keep them for your children.
It is to be recalled that this network serves not only Ngunraw Village but also the neighboring villages like Keniong, Nongnah and also those villages in Langrin-Constituency.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, said that on the government's plan to resume the railway line, the union has spoken clearly to the DC, saying that the union will oppose if the The Government will resume the construction of the Railway Line, while there are no strong laws to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the State.
On the 11th of November 2013, Nintu Kuri had thrown a bottle of kyiad at the Rangbah Shnong of Lyngkhat without any reason but the Rangbah Shnong and the committee did not allow him to continue his work. The transportation of people from Bangladesh to Shillong or from Shillong to Bangladesh through this town.
“We have prepared the demands on ILP and the relationship with the 52 laws,” said Bah Blah.
Mawshynrut MLA Methodious Dkhar's property has been damaged after he announced his support for the National People's Party (NPP). the new Government.
According to information received, the vehicle was from Assam when Haran Boro and his children had just come to visit their family members in Nongpoh. It was stolen by the robbers.
The sin offering must be sacrificed and killed in order to cleanse the sins of the blood of him or her who has transgressed God's law.
The HYC has scheduled a rally in front of Dr. Mukul Sangma's house at 1 pm but from 11 pm onwards, police have been blocking all the roads to the house of the Prime Minister. Police and CRPF personnel have seized all the areas from Polo, Khyndailad and Nan Polok. Before 1 pm, about 50 leaders and members of the HYC They were waiting for their friends to leave the parking lot and go in front of Dr. Mukul Sangma's house. Police have received information about the presence of members of the group. Police have arrived at the scene and surrounded the scene so that the HYC members cannot escape.
Dr. W. Stone, Jr.
Dr Wansaiñbor A Lyngwi is a former KSU leader while studying in college and joined the Congress party and became the General Secretary of the MPYC.
"It's time for us to go to bed," said the father.
Therefore, he said that the party has warned the Entry/Exit Point, if it is working well, it should be closed down because it doesn't have any purpose. and the entrance and exit shall be made of several.
“We urge the people to link their Adhaar card or apply for their Adhaar card, so that many of the benefits of the schemes from the central and state governments can reach their homes. of the residents of the area,” said Mondaystar Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the party.
“The Deputy Commissioners of all the districts have taken steps to curb the spread of the disease, but the disease has spread to the rural areas, but the government is vigilant and takes steps to curb the spread of the disease. you're sick," he said.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the drawing competition, which was part of the celebration of the Anti-Drug and Anti-Drug Trafficking Day. The DSWO in collaboration with the Tuber Bikers and Tour Association (DSWO) has launched a rally from Tuber Kmaishnong to Deiñchynrum by distributing leaflets to announce the bike. the evil that comes from drugs.
Under the leadership of Vocal Star UK, Chevinia won the title by counting the Viewers Votes in the Grand Finale.
Khimusniang scored 105/6 runs in 13.5 overs.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has expressed its deep concern over the MDA government's obstruction of the people in various ways. Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, to those who held a public meeting to condemn the murder of Cherish Starfield Thangkhiew.
He said that before the implementation of the Aadhar Act, the people of the state, through the Meghalaya Peoples Committee on Aadhaar (MPCA), had expressed their strong opposition to the Aadhar Act. to the Supreme Court, where it has already ruled that those who do not want to implement Aadhar, do not need to force them.
Aiborlang Rane beat D.Mukhim 21-4, 21-4, Ratul Rabha beat Kenethkitbok Majaw 14-21, 23-21, Dwigbijoy beat 21-17, -11 for Ashley D Nongkhlaw, Jordan Myrphet for Pynskhemlang Jyrwa 21-14, 21-11 and Khrawkupar Marweiñ for 21-6, 21-1
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday demanded that the State Government should investigate with the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) into the shooting death of a former leader of the Hynniewtrep Armed Forces (HYC). The HNLC has called for the punishment of those involved in this crime.
At the same time, the meeting on the 3rd of this month also discussed the disappearance of the names of many of the beneficiaries who have not been included in the AAY list. There are many other shortcomings.
In the A-20 (Women's) category, Anuska Majhong, Artisan Byrsat, Claire Jones Jala Kharbhih, Durka Nartiang, Gloryfy Kurbah, Kyntimon Marwein, Happiness Phawa, Pynhunlang Puwein and Senitha Momin.
“After 15 days we will go back to Khliehiewduh to test the fish imported by Mr Synpoi and if they contain formalin, we will not allow them to sell,” said the DC. He said that to preserve the life of the fish from decay, it is only necessary to use thah and there are no others.
The song is sung by Badondor Nongdhar and composed and written by Badondor Nongdhar. Produced and produced by Alexzehn Shillong Vibes Studio.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, SNSBH Chairman Dr Werlok Kharshiing said that the Rangbah Shnongs have remained in darkness as they have not received any information.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 3 : Together with the rest of the world, East Jaintia Hills District has celebrated World No Tobacco Day 2023 and campaigned on the harmful effects of smoking and drinking. The theme of the day is “My Meghalaya will be free from tobacco.
" said Dr Bishnoi.
Willington Jungai Memorial Secondary School Ratacherra, Chiehruphi Secondary School and Holy Cross Higher Secondary School Umkiang were also awarded prizes for the winners in the essay competition on the theme “Knowledge in the Midst of Poverty”.
“We strongly condemn this PWD contractor who is willing to work for his own benefit without considering the problems of the people.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The BJP-led NDA government on Tuesday said that the BJP-led NDA government has closed down the Congress-ruled states in the North East by abolishing the Congress-ruled states. “The development in the North East has come because the Central Government has given special status.
The Meghalaya model should start from North Shillong Constituency through the rise of the UDP,” he said.
Jowai, March 05 : The 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022, was held on Tuesday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Dongmihsngi, Jowai.
Perhaps this formula can encourage all the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo or Achik people to avoid ethnic discrimination.
If you seek RTI through the schemes mnregs many villages have done too much especially the leading leaders, the seekers if they can it will be a great blessing.
The Raid Marwet has shown that Them Marwet, Khanapara is its rightful owner and the areas under this village are from the flyover of NH 37 and Assam has started to occupy this land through ASTC since 2016 by building a bus stand in 2020 and the area of ​​this land is about 30,000 sq ft.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Meghalaya, has announced that the bank will be temporarily closed after one of the employees of the Meghalaya Rural Bank in Nongpoh tested positive for COVID-1 starting from the 09th to the 14th of this month.
Students from their homes and schools participated in the competition to showcase their skills such as drawing, writing and reading poems and others. There have been 191 new cases of COVID-19 in the state, 4 deaths, bringing the death toll to 1337 in the state on Tuesday.
At the meeting held at Madan Umwang, which was attended by the people of the area, the CEM asked the people who want to come to Meghalaya and if they want, please raise their hands.
It is easy for those living in street houses, which have five or six rooms and toilets in each room and running water five times a day, to take care of themselves and quarantine themselves when they get ne those who have been infected with Covid-19 or those who have been in close contact with those who have covid-1
The rich don't care about the poor.
He also urged the people to allow the RDA candidate to lead the party in Delhi and there it will be seen how the candidate will do in Parliament.
It is no longer appropriate to work for only 5 years and 30 years.
There was also a clarification from the MDCs in the PDA to the former CEM Bah Pynshngaiñ on the spending of the T.28 crore. Rejoice a few months ago, because of this money.
Don't make a mistake and be intimidated.
“They have decided not to build a new bridge on top of the old bridge but to keep it nearby so that traffic will not be disrupted,” said Prestone.
The Meghalaya High Court was established in Shillong in
Each team must have at least 15 players and a maximum of 25 players are allowed per team.
The Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Border Area Raid Nongtung, Bah Aloysius Bina, said that the land of Block-II is larger than that of Block-I but now the Union demands the return of 18 villages. under the Raid Nongtung of the Khyrim Hima which falls under Block-II in Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 5: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the aim of the state government is to speed up the implementation of various schemes.
There are 34 other candidates who have registered their nomination papers today. They are the Moonlight Pariat of the UDP from Jowai South, Winning Garland Sungoh of the UDP from Mookaiaw, Awhai Andrew Shullai of Mookaiaw. Congress of Jowai Central, Teiborlang Hing of NPP from Jowai Central, Marki Mulieh of UDP from Jowai North, Wistful Disting Syiemlieh of Jowai Central, Bison Roy Iano of Raliang, Kitboklang Nongtdu of UDP. Kilometer Lytan of Jowai Central, Jeweller Synrem of Congress from Nartiang, Lakhon Dkhar independent candidate from Sohmynting-Khliehtyrchi, Robinus Syngkon of NPP from Raliang, Lakhon Biam of UDP from Nangbah; Laitsing Shylla of the Congress from Ummulong-Moodymmai, Dawan Lyngdoh of the UDP from Mynsngat-Khanduli, Paia Dkhar of the NPP from Mukhla Wahiajer, Habahun Dkhar of the NPP from Saphai. Mukhla Wahiajer, Suklang Shylla of the UDP from Nongjri, Skhembok Suchiang of the NPP from Muthong-Sohkymphor, Madon Rymbai of the NPP from Sohmynting-Khiehtyrchi, Rudaioo Tang of the NPP from Shilliang-Lyngdo. Charles Wilson Muksor, Independent Candidate for Ummulong-Moodymmai, Albinus Sympli of the Congress, Pheinshwa Nanglein, NPP, Jessie Suiam, NPP, Independent Candidate for Ummulong-Moodymmai. Lomris Lyngdoh of the UDP from Muthlong Sohkynphor and others.
He stands firm like a tree that cannot be shaken by the sword of the conqueror.
Poverty and decline in income have affected the world.
The DPs and SPs of Central Arunachal Pradesh will meet tomorrow to resolve the issue and have also invited the Deputy Commissioner, Dhemaji District and the Superintendent. of Police at the meeting.
In the next match between FAM and Psyih Cultural, the match ended in a 2-2 draw.
The incident took place at Tengkigre village near Chokpot where the robbers had set up a camp.
The Minister also stressed that time is needed to discuss these issues with them and after they have reached an agreement, they can move forward with the work.
Therefore, we have to create jobs in our villages, in our country with factories, with trade, with large-scale agriculture, with vineyards to export to the world as we have started to do now with coal, oil, dewbilat etc, I am afraid that the coal will run out within a few years and our children will not get it anymore.
He said that people need to boil drinking water to kill all the germs because water is one of the causes of disease if drunk dirty.
Good sleep can benefit from mental strength, physical strength, mood, weight management, strengthen the internal organs, the ability to fight disease and benefits those who have noh you age.
Shillong: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh EM, Trade Department in Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will strive to follow up on the documents. 1954 and 1959 which are based on the Constitution and the Six Scheduled which existed before the birth of our state.
“We will try to protect and preserve the customs and traditions of the indigenous people,” said Bah Lanong.
“The two injured persons who are at Shillong Civil Hospital have been taken to better hospitals and to their villages,” she said.
I love the smile.
Ri Bhoi came second (runners up) in the men's category with 16 medals including 8 gold, 2 silver and 6 medals. glass.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 15: Two trucks have collapsed after unidentified persons opened fire on them while they were standing on the Photkylla-Ranikor road near Umsih village, South West Khasi Hills District.
The KSU also strongly criticized the Nongtrai Village Authority and alleged that they tried to hide the agreement between the village and Lafarge.
Commander said.
“Except for essential businesses, all government and private offices will be closed.
The hospital also has a Licensed Blood Bank, Respiratory Therapy, Physiotherapy, Occupational Therapy, Radiology Department, 24 hour Laboratory Department and Pharmacy Department.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Commissioner on Tuesday released the list of Ministers and MLAs who will hoist the Indian flag at the headquarters of the districts and sub-districts. -division.
All these can be obtained by rationing the following foods.
This has led to conflict between the villages which has led to the participation of the people for the acceleration of the implementation of the works for the sustainability of the “sampoorn swachhata”.
According to the request, the Mawlai Police Station said that the theft of motorcycles and scooties has been happening almost every night in the Mawlai area and other parts of Shillong.
The lack of Rangbah Shnong has put the people in trouble as many of the people no longer get government schemes and syrnod of those who have children and students who want to stay in Shillong. Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah PK Paniang, EM of KHADC, said that he is sorry for what happened in Lawmei and the inability to hold the election to elect the Rangbah Shnong. The village council has been delayed from time to time in the election of the Rangbah Shnong.
The purpose of the Swachh Survekshan Grameen is to have a comparison among the districts of all the states in the country and this will be judged on the cleanliness and maintenance of the village. environment.
When asked about the situation in the state during the tenure of Bull as President of the KSU, Manbha said, “Only the protests, every day the protests, I am against him for protesting because “I work inside the DGP's office, we live in our own house, the police come and look for him but they don't search for him,” said Manbha.
Skilled leaders do not come only from the field of leadership for many years, who hold positions as leaders of Units, Circles, District Levels and so on.
In the world, there is the rule of God and the rule of Satan.
Introducing the Bill in the House, the CEM of KHADC said that the Bill was introduced in the House on 20th November 2018 and was passed on 22nd November 2018 and sent to the Governor for approval.
This was announced by the Managing Director of MeECL Sanjay Goyal on Tuesday.
This article by these people talked about the trade and wanted to bring about a change of name even for the state, which is unacceptable.
He said that the decision of the MDA parties to contest this election has strengthened and encouraged the BJP. “The BJP does not have a strong vote bank and this vote will not go anywhere.
“Many party leaders have been rejected by the new leaders,” he said, adding that although the new leaders did not like him, he could not allow the new leaders to reject him. The party leaders will be able to work hard for the party.
Assam Rifles beat Sacred Heart Boys HSS 4-3 in the tie-breaker.
After a while, Saujata replied, “I don't know who taught me to say that and I never thought of breaking our relationship.
Gestar Light Dkhar scored the first goal for Caroline Colony 40+1
The cause of her death was ARDS.
Never forget that your husband married you, not your maid or anyone else.
According to statistics, the number of people infected with chronic diseases has increased rapidly.
The French government on Sunday said hundreds of people had been arrested again on the fourth night of protests in Paris over the shooting death of a 17-year-old boy by police officers in a few hours. days ago.
The same way of speaking but not all the words.
The Committee also informed the tourists that in relation to these parking lots, the Joint Action Committee will collect fees only for the vehicles but in relation to the tourists, there will be no fee. save money.
The candidates were also urged to appoint their own volunteers responsible for maintaining peace and order so that the meetings can be held smoothly.
“We will lay flowers at their monument and meet their relatives to encourage them for their sacrifice for the country and the nation to fight against the British government,” he said. Bah Shibun who is on his way to Williamnagar to pay tribute to the hero of the Garo people.
According to the ACPS, employees who do not have the opportunity to be promoted, receive this scheme by increasing their salary but in this office, they do not know and do not implement this.
The Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, will hold the Home (Police) Department, Road and Building, District Council Affairs (DCA) Department and Parliamentary Affairs Department.
Now, as we have seen, the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep are in shock because according to another news portal, the ILP may be rejected from Delhi.
Judas Iscariot betrayed Jesus for only 30 pieces of silver, the lowest price.
The employees of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) have gone on strike due to lack of salary for five months.
Two people were killed in the clash including an ASAK member and a child.
He said that the Bill has been extended every 10 years since last year since 1960 for the ST/SC and it is not just this time.
Ezekiel the Prophet says – 43:8 “They set their court by my court, and their porch by my porch, and there was only a wall between me and them, and they and they have profaned my holy name by their abominations which they have committed: therefore I have utterly consumed them in mine anger.
Shillong, July 1: U Minister of State and MLA of Pynursla constituency on Tuesday said that the election is like a tsunami and the people need to think carefully where they will vote. he decided.
If you find that there is a difference, you should see a doctor who will help you in the midst of the crisis.
The HPC has also sent a seven-page letter to the Deputy Secretary of the State Government and other departments in which it said, “There are many shortcomings and inconsistent comments given by the High -Level Committee of the Government of Meghalaya.
The FKJGP said that it has met face to face with the Post Master, S.Kynshikar at the Post Office in Mawsynram, where it has tried to inquire and investigate what has been expressed by many who should have received. However, the reply was that the reason why the office has slowed down the work is due to the shortage of staff and also the high number of other payments from other departments of the office. Government.
Several witnesses said that Bah Phlainingstar and Bah Dijestar were close friends and used to live together.
The camp was attended by the youth of the village, men and women and the elderly.
On this day, Pastor Nongsiej called upon the faithful to come to the Lord Jesus with a pure heart, faith, humility and faithfulness to the end of the service of the Saviour.
“I was inside a tightly tied iit and then tied with silver chains and thrown into the Howrah River, but I came out within 29 seconds,” said Lahiri.
The synjuk leaders, Rangbah Shnongs and other members of the Shnong Leaders also paid tribute to Raja Brahma at his office today in Nongpoh, by presenting him with flowers as a sign of welcome. He said that he has been appointed as the Border Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District.
The Office has sent this directive to all the Principals of Schools in the District including Higher Secondary, Secondary, Upper Primary and Lower Primary Schools.
It is worth mentioning that the union recently decided to increase the fare after the government has not been able to increase the price of petrol and other commodities in the past three years.
He said the government has imposed a fine of T.25 lakh on those doctors.
“The law will be the law and we must allow it to do its duty,” he said. “There is no instruction from the ministers, this is only the duty of the ministers. “The police have received sufficient evidence on the illegal activities and the disappearance of Bah Bernard.
He said that under this scheme, the government will provide assistance of T.500 per month to those who have died or are widowed, those who are sick and those who have disabilities.
About 150 residents of Wahiajer, Chiehruphi and Thangskai under the auspices of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle and other organizations carrying placards have gathered in front of the gate of Meghalaya Cements Limited since at 8 o'clock in the morning.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Despite the severe financial crisis, the Cabinet today increased the new salary of all government employees to 268 percent and the arrear of 40% to be received from next month.
On this occasion, the KSU will honor those students who have scored 70 percent or above.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 30: Leaders of four political parties including the MYF, WKSU, UHM and WYF, have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, expressing their deep sorrow over the The construction of the road from Mawduh to Dewlynnong Nongkhnum, is very slow and it is clear that in a short time the road will collapse and the loss will be to the residents of Nongkhnum. the area.
It was a lovely evening for sure.
Fire brigade has also rushed to the scene, but the fire has already destroyed the shop.
However, it has not yet been used.
Government departments who visited the inspection went to their respective areas, some came to inspect the house or building, some came to inspect only the electricity and some They came to see whether the place where the school is located is suitable for the continuation of the school.
There are many stones, stones and stones.
Sangma said he had contested against 13 Congress MLAs and 20 MDCs which was a difficult task.
Rahul Barua (3 overs: tied for 29 runs: 2 wickets) and Imran Ali (4 overs: tied for 9 runs and 1 wicket).
On the same day, the Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights also released the calendar and preliminary report of POCSO cases in the courts of Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle, in a statement issued by Samla Ioolang Lathong, Publicity Secretary, has strongly condemned the robbers and bloodthirsty people involved in the murder of one of the elders of Biar village. Kenny Papang and at the same time they burnt down the vehicle of the man until it burnt down.
He said that such a case should be taken into consideration so that the HIV patient can get treatment.
He said that he will provide the SOPs and before the DSC examination, he will announce them publicly and in the news.
He said that Aircel has been standing idle since the construction of the house, which is the most angry BSNL as almost all the villages use BSNL. Shillong by the General Secretary of Umkiang Village, Datipshwa Nongrum and Assistant Secretary of Umkiang Village, Nicholas Lyngdoh on behalf of the village.
Those small Lamas made of wood that are not used in public places shall not be spread in the streets, but shall be collected in a place so that they can be removed from the places where they are not used. especially with respect and honor.
They said they left the village early in the morning and returned within 6 pm.
Garod L.S.N.Dykes, IAS, under Section 144 CrPC, has issued a notice to prohibit the burning of hills and forests, farmland, parks and others. The land is located in West Khasi Hills District.
After this, the Seventh Seals will come.
Rida replied. Panah struggled with all his might to please the soul of Rida.
If that video had not been released, the Prime Minister, who is clever in speaking and telling on many issues, would not have opened his mouth.
The UDA led by Teinwel has seven UDP, four NPP, two HSPDP and Lambor MDCs while the UDF led by Latiplang has 14 MDCs including nine Congress, two NPP and one PDF MDC. and Bah Latiplang Kharkongor.
The source said that the MLAs in the MDA-II Government will meet when the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma comes to discuss this issue as it is an issue that needs to be resolved with mutual understanding. as the citizens of the state so that there will be no problems that could be a threat to the state.
Those nations used to count the days and times according to the Almanac or Calendar of that nation.
It is worth mentioning that the Unit has already held its meeting on the 26th of last month and discussed many of the problems faced by the farmers of Mawkynrew Block.
In the evening, a Free Health Check Up was held for the residents of Khliehtyrshi with the participation of 21 people.
Shillong received no rainfall, while Sohra received 2.4mm and Umiam received 0.2mm.
Meghalaya today needed to improve their bowling by trying to turn Arunachal's batsmen quickly within 150 runs.
Japan's coast guard on Sunday said one person had died and six others were still missing after the boat they were on capsized in parts of the Tokyo Sea, which also falls under the jurisdiction of the Senkaku Islets.
At the meeting held at Mawkynrew C&RD Block, the Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh attended the meeting and explained to the people that the government is prioritizing to open up and support the people in the rep you are right.
Nine soldiers were killed and others injured in the incident, army sources said.
JJA General Secretary Ma Russel Nongrum in his speech congratulated the members of Sarot I Man for recognizing the services of the journalists of the district.
As soon as they arrived at Chynrem, Bangladesh, these village leaders from both countries greeted each other and spoke to each other. The reason why they were separated until they could not meet more often was because they lived in their own country.
“I know that they give speeches every Sunday to the teachers,” said Larihun, Hiram's sister.
Shillong: Police of Laitumkhrah Police Station, have arrested three youths for allegedly robbing a stone quarry at Laitumkhrah Police Point in the middle of the night on November
David says – our days are spent in your wrath (of God).
Marak's lawyer said that the Chief Secretary of the State has listened to the letter.
He said that the VPP will strengthen the party and the decision on the ticket will come later.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Nongsiej said that all the villages in the area are agricultural and environmentally friendly.
The quake, which lasted half a minute, also caused fires in parts of California.
The residents go to the market or shopping in Shillong which is about 60 km away, in Nongpoh which is about 7 km away or in Byrnihat which is about 30 km away.
Several residents of Pahamrioh village, on the 17th of October, visited the area, which was caused by the dumping of garbage from the Dhabas in the village.
He said that earlier he had taken over the electricity department in the state and through the Electricity Act, 2003, he could introduce the working methods of these departments, because this Act has explained how. He said that he has introduced a Power Policy not to rely on buying from others.
All Puja Committees shall ensure that all sub-committees shall strictly follow the times set for the disposal of idols.
He added that tourism should be focused on as it is a source of employment.
Lister, who took up the post of Political Agent on 11th June 1835 and his headquarters was at Sohra.
Therefore, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, appealed to the people of the State to cooperate with the Government in the upgradation of the Umroi Airport, so that it will bring benefits to the tourists of the State. hi all.
It was in 1920 that the League of Nations was formed to ensure world peace and unity among the nations of the world.
“We are waiting for the Ministry to release the second installment within the next 15 days,” he added.
This morning, the landslide has damaged the road and cut off at Laskein Block.
Bah Kyrmen Shylla said that most of the people say that the youth are the future of the nation so the people should elect the youth to see a bright future. in the state as a whole.
Referring to the allegation that the Dorbar is a hideout of Bah John F Kharshiing who is also the Vice President of the MPCC, Bah John said that these allegations are baseless. The Dorbar did not discuss politics, but only the affairs of the Hima Sima, how to preserve the customs and traditions.
The new building is located about 6 kilometers from the Indian border on the Line of Actual Control (LAC).
The individual awards included Iaidakyrmen Jungai Amlarem SC, Best Goals Keeper and Dongmi Surong Umladkhur SC. The KLJP has announced that it will hold its fifth General Meeting on the 17th January 2024 at Barato, West Jaintia Hills District, at 11 am.
Not only that, because they already have HIV in their bodies and now the Covid19 virus puts their lives at great risk.
He said that if the government does not increase the fuel fare, it should increase the fare of the people and he said the government cannot deceive the drivers by doing this.
Shillong, July : U MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie today gave two months to the Public Health Engineer (PHE) and Public Work Department (PWD) departments to repair the road in Mawlai. The round road from Mawlai Petrol Pump to Mawlai Mawroh has been completed and started.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “I would like to express my deep sorrow over the construction of the new Dorbar Assembly building in Mawdiangdiang due to the collapse of the Dome built in Mawdiangdiang. the middle part of the dorbar hall which collapsed on Sunday at 12.30 pm.
"The land owners on 20th November 2023, met with the Minister of Soil to request to divide the work, and the Minister said that it cannot be done. “But on our part, we still have hope because as of now, no tender has been called for the Eastern West Khasi Hills District,” he said.
At the time of the treaty, Syiem Sutnga lived in Jaintiapur, a place in the Jaintia Pargana in Northern Sylhet and the Syiem was called the Syiem of Jaintiapur.
“When natural resources are around us, we must protect them, revive them as they used to be.
Earlier, the Minister of Information & Technology, Bah AL Hek said that education is the infinite wealth of man once acquired no one can take it away.
This was announced by the club on social media on 28th November along with Bah Kharyntiew who was invited to Kolkata to meet with the team.
He said that there is no guarantee that the Lok Adalat will have the right to provide services to the electricity supplier.
The 12th Daloi wishes a happy Behdeiñkhlam to the children of the Seiñ Raij Muthlong, Ialong and Mukhla.
Sarma said the shooting incident on 22nd November last year, in which six people were killed, fell within the border of Assam.
He was the Chief Minister of the state from 2010 to 2018 while he was in the Congress.
Shillong, November 20: U Bah AL Hek on Tuesday said that he does not know anything about the incident of destruction of houses in Umsawli as no one has come to request or complain to him till now.
Dr Mukul said there are two issues on this issue, it may be that there has been no arrangement by the government to resolve the border even though it is against the will of the people and for the benefit of the people. Assam or it may be that this government and its leaders are not aware of this issue of border demarcation or its own border.
“The Director of Mining and Geology has been removed, they have brought another one and after that, they have removed another one, what is the reason, is there any complaint against them,” he said. to Dr Mukul.
They can vote for the UDP or NPP if they want but they can vote for different parties.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, they will soon go to the Minister to seek clarification from the Minister. that it should be enlightened, because as of now the people are in darkness to think.
He said that how can the four buses operate with the government number without paying any tax and this is very wrong because even the MTC which is the government department which operates the buses, has a number and pay taxes to the government.
If the Government wants sustainable economic development and closes down the dewbilat factory, it should provide other long term plans to support the people of this area by building small scale industries, improving science and technology.
The owner of the bag has been arrested and investigation is ongoing.
They were identified as Franklin Kharkongor (20), Horsius Mukhim (25) and Thalainsing Khongsit (32).
And we hurt and defile the divine image by excluding the disabled.
The Bhalang should not expel the small Khar Khar Ria, expel the Marwaris and big merchants who are closely related to the ministers and officers of income tax or the police.
The letter requested to suspend the Acting Chnong but to bring back the former Waheh Chnong as his term of office is only six and a half months.
Although the curfew has not caused any tragic incidents, it has been seen that the people of Ri Bhoi have given their full support to the curfew. In Ri Bhoi District, almost all the shops were closed and the roads were closed until 8 pm, 3 hours after the end of the curfew which started at 4 pm. morning until 5 pm.
However, if the Members who have an understanding of the true cause should not be afraid to come forward, they should speak for the cause of the people and not be bound by the rules of the party. Article 19 of the Constitution of India has clearly stated that.
The State Executive Committee of the NPP, which met today, also decided to demand a CBI inquiry into the allegation that the Chief Minister is involved with the insurgents.
Secret signs are secret signs that we cannot see unless we read the Bible carefully, as he said seek and you will find, which means that God is hidden.
The people don't know what is right and what is wrong.
In the past few days, many MDCs from other parties have joined the NPP and the UDP. The MLA elections in all 60 constituencies are only six months away and this is the time for the voters to look back on what they have received from their leader in the last four years. which he has brought to their communities all these years.
“Our protest will continue as we have already discussed, until the government amends the Reservation Policy,” said Dr. Ricky. it shall do nothing on the employment share.
One lighthouse costs $178,000/£135,600, while a new lighthouse costs $78,000/£59,2
Police suspect that the attack was planned by the GNLA Area Command Kimpret.
The President of the Society, Dr.DRL Nonglait, in an interview with the media after the meeting, said that the meeting unanimously decided to seek information from the Political Department of the State Government. in connection with this demand which has been pending for years.
Referring to Dr Mukul's statement on the allocation of funds for the FOCUS scheme, Tynsong said that Dr Mukul should go back to 2017, he distributed cows and gave 5000 tyngka. to every household in an inadequate manner.
Shillong: The second talks between the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), the state government and the central government were held at the Guest House of MeECL in Umïam. , Ri Bhoi District.
“The absence of full, inclusive, inclusive economic development can show economic development but this is not fundamental development.
“We have informed them that we have decided that the subsidy will be 50 percent from the government, if the price of fertilizer is 500 tyngka, the government will pay 250 tyngka and the farmers will pay 250 tyngka. ," he said, adding that the announcement will be issued next month regarding these fertilizers.
He said that the main revenue of the Council is from the collection of Professional Tax, Trade, Royalty on Timber and some revenues from the department.
We have the right to choose any party but if we are in any party we will support the issues of the nation and not the party.
Your problems are not solved.
The relic of St. Don Bosco was brought from Rome and placed in this famous shrine.
This happened at around 7 pm, and initially, a Tata Sumo was pulled out of the house.
Leaders of TULBA Sawsymper Unit and elders of Um-Nongrim Village, East Khasi Hills District were also present on the occasion.
Shillong, Nailar 7: The anti-illegal mining group in Nongtalang led by the leaders of Banan Locality, Nongtalang Mission and Nongtalang Youth Organization today met with the DC. They demanded that the government should reinstate Section 144 CrPC to ban mining because the miners have not provided the necessary documents.
It was informed that this is the first Presbytery Service for the Lamin Church since its foundation in
Shillong: On the defeat of the NPP candidate Agatha K Sangma by the Congress candidate Saleng A Sangma, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday said that the defeat of the NPP candidate in Garo Hills was from a video. There is no Durga statue or temple.
The renovated school was inaugurated on 22nd June which was a milestone in the history of the school.
Shillong: The Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSKA) has won the first and second day of the WAKO-India Senior National Kickboxing Championship 2018 to be held in Kolkata from November 2-5 at Kshudiram Anushilan Kendra.
Recently, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, who personally visited the school, announced a donation of T.1 crore from the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund ( CMSDF) so that the authorities can build a new school building.
There has been a shooting incident on the border between Mizoram and Assam, which happened yesterday at Vairengte. , of Mizoram and Lailapur of Assam, which are on the border of these two states.
The tournament was held in strict compliance with the guidelines issued by the government to fight against COVID-1
“We pray that the soul of Kong Ria will rest in peace and that her legacy will be preserved forever,” said the MEPA statement. 2022 on the 2nd of Pamtiah and 3rd of June Umni, at the Seng Dance Hall in Mawlai, Mawroh (on the way to Mawkynroh-Umshing).
Vivek said they sold the Swift Desire in Silchar for T.1.2 lakh.
" “We are not terrorists who have to hide.
Furthermore, the traffic jam has also caused confusion among the traffic police in the area as when the residents were ready to get off the hill to return home, many vehicles were coming. From Markasa area, they are still climbing and struggling to climb the hill which has also caused traffic jam on the road which is small and narrow.
Other sources said that besides this issue, there have been other issues within the BJP in the state and the dispute has reached the point where it could lead to a change of leadership. Shibun Lyngdoh will be replaced by another leader.
There will also be special prizes for the youngest and oldest participants.
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said 27 of these cases are from Golaghat district, 23 from Kamrup Metro, Nagaon and Darrang districts and 21 from Kamrup Metro, Nagaon and Darrang districts. They are from Kamrup Metro.
Niuma was able to express in the words at the beginning of the Khasi Anthem 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi I love you.
Among those who filed their nomination papers today, 33 are independent candidates, 20 from the Congress, 15 from the BJP and others from other political parties.
These shyngiar, ponds and streams are the life and death of us human beings, because without them, we don't have water to drink and to wash ourselves, because water itself is life.
Certificates were also distributed to the beneficiaries of PM SVANidhi.
Shillong, June 30: The AAP Meghalaya unit will lodge a complaint against MeCEL over the increase in electricity bill.
RG Momin MLA has appealed to the Prime Minister to request an ambulance and after 10 days, Conrad K. Sangma has donated two ambulances. One for Rambrai and one for Ri Muliang were launched at Langpih Market on 10th November
“We have set a deadline for the government to call for talks within the second month of June on this issue,” said Bah Nongsiang.
In Acts, the sharing of wealth was the most important foundation of the early Christian community.
The Meghalaya Lokayukta today dismissed the case against Assistant Inspector General of Police (AIGP) Bah Gabriel K Iangrang and former Director General of Police (DGP) R Chandranathan on charges of There is no misuse of vehicles at the Police Headquarters.
The conference will mark the 200th anniversary of Don Bosco, the founder of the Salesian Order in the world.
The speakers on the Lord's Day are – at 10.30AM, Rev.AL Laskor and 1.30PM Rev.GPL Gadew with the Choirs from the Churches of the KJP Synod Mihngi and SepngiThe Church wishes all those who attended the Assembly from the Members and Delegates to those who came on the Lord's Day, that the God of Peace will guide and guide them on their paths to reach the Church safely. of us without any limitations.
When the members of the party arrived in front of the Secretariat, they called out to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, to turn aside or sympathize with the demand. The employment opportunities of the indigenous people in the state should not be discriminated against by extending the tarajur only to the Garo people.
In another match in Zone 1 of Group-A which was played at Umbuda, Nongpoh, Ri-Bhoi played well and scored 184/8 in 28 overs.
Meanwhile, Stefanos Tsitsipas of Greece has continued to improve after his opponent has retired from injury.
Trinity, 52, has received the Padma Shri in the field of agriculture.
Speaking to SP Sharma, CM Jha's lawyer said he does not know whether CM Jha has been arrested or not as he is in Guwahati, but he has made it clear that CM Jha will not be arrested. faithfully because he has already received bail.
At this meeting it was decided to propose that the Government amend the introduction of the Marriage Act which states that every married person must display a marriage certificate in connection with any activities. not with the government.
D, a step teacher at Seiñtia Morning Secondary School, Shillong, who received the Best Woman Guru Award at the 4th International Inspirational Women Awards (IIWA) 2023 held on 17th July Noida, Uttar Pradesh.
[iii] REDUCING FOOD AT NIGHT:— Lack of food at night is the best way to help with good sleep, this is because our body is easier to work and works harder at night. This is part of the ability to digest food properly and if you eat too much before going to bed, sleep can be disrupted and this can lead to fatigue in the morning.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) in Jaintia Hills Zone, through a statement sent by DS War, has strongly opposed the government's plan to install smart meters in Jaintia Hills Zone. .
Shillong: U Hari Narayan Sahu, in a complaint, has said that he paid the lawyer of Satyendra Kumar Joshi Rs 20,000 to help release his friend Rajnarayan, who was arrested on 5th June in connection with the case. The CBI has remanded him in Shillong District Jail.
So now during the current administration of Trump and Benjamin Nethanyahu, it is known that Washington and Tehran are in fierce tension just because of Israel, and this could lead to war between The United States and will not be able to sign any social agreement between Iran unless Iran surrenders to the United States.
Speaking on behalf of the five chief ministers, Rajasthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot said that after a 90-minute talk, they explained that the defeat of the parties was not a new issue.
“These blue water pipes have been installed by the PHE department for a long time but they have been suspended and at this meeting after understanding the requirements, we don't have any objection but the department has done what it has done. The village leaders want this project to be implemented and the contractors should also go through the village authorities if there are any doubts,” said Bah Khongwir.
The scientists want to test more water in other rivers of India and find out more about whether the corona virus is present in these rivers. in Ri.
At this public meeting, while the meeting was going on, the Karbi people from across the square drove away the children and tried to disrupt the meeting.
One of the prominent Khasi writers K.W.Nongrum who has distributed his books to KAS Shnat Jowai, as well as to this school, at the same time he has also released a book which he is still writing. just finished writing.
While the BCCI's preparations for the tournament are in progress, 12 venues have been selected after some of the proposed names have been removed. The selected venues include Bengaluru, Chennai, Delhi, Dharamsala, Guwahati, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Lucknow, Indore, Rajkot, Mumbai and Ahmedabad.
It is to be recalled that this young woman named Riwanki Dkhar drowned in the Sahksaw River, Myntdu after she suddenly fell from the rocks and drowned in the water.
Therefore, I would like to request you to take note of these suggestions for the benefit of the three communities of Meghalaya.
The SP of East Khasi Hills District has urged the drivers to inform the police if they find that the drivers are overloaded. to the law.
Baghmara, Naitung 07 : U Bichang T Sangma of Kongkona, South Garo Hills has gone missing since July 8, 2022 and no one knows where he is since he left. work in Chennai with friends, said the wife of the man.
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today met with the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHAC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, to complain about the implementation of the Assam Government. PMGSY Road at Balakhwa Village in Meghalaya.
Although Islam was arrested on July 1, he escaped from the hands of the police in Tura.
There are no more precious treasures in Ri Khasi, except the treasures of the letter A.B.K, which were preserved by our ancestors, which they inherited from the French.
They fly high and low and now, they fly here and there because they cannot be limited and they enter through the holes and into the water.
In the previous three matches, Meghalaya scored only one goal from a freekick against Manipur.
This work has reached the ears of Bah Let, through the members of his family.
Tiniang Village Council in collaboration with KSU Tyniang Unit and Tiniang Village Youth Association have visited the Riwiang River to inspect the river after receiving a complaint and insults from the village. Because of the spread of liquor bottles and other garbage along the beautiful river.
“That is why we have donated to the Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital so that it can provide better services to the residents of North Shillong Constituency and the villages that “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Michael Kharsyntiew, Chairman of the Ktiews Trust.
The BDOs and SDOs have been directed to move to other places, except those in Shillong.
The CEM said that the Executive Committee will inform the Government and demanded that the Schedule Tribe (ST) certificate should be transferred to the District Council to issue the certificate as it has been done in the past years. earlier.
In addition, there are those who drop out of school part-time because of lack of time.
Manipur.
“We didn't expect to come to government in 2014 and therefore our people suggest that we should make long promises, because if we don't come to power, we don't have any responsibility,” he said. said Gadkari.
“In fact, they should have divided Phudmuri in front, but they divided Mawdatbaki,” said Bah Kharmujai.
The Court also sought an answer from the PWD department why the road to NEIGRHIMS has not been improved at all and ordered that the PWD should respond through an affidavit.
On the other hand, the President of MCCLU, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, requested the government to take action on the issues raised.
It is also true that the HNLC sends letters to politicians and those who have received the letters have to pay taxes. tynshops working for the benefit of the Government of India.
Tongkhar said that the issue raised today is one that the youth of the jaitbynriew are very happy to discuss in the House on the issue of employment, especially the employment of The roaster system in the state and districts, is one of the things that the youth of the nation are very concerned about and have the joy and hope to discuss in the Assembly.
Shillong, July 2: Two brothers from the same household have lost their lives after drowning in Baniun village, Upper Shillong. in a small stream in the village.
In the men's category, Mawkadiang SC beat GRC 'A' Nongpyndeng 4-3
The price of the dress is T.500 tyngka, while the registration fee is T.25 tyngka for a total of T.525 tyngka.
Besides, he added that the roster system will not apply to the education sector, but will only apply to the employment sector so as not to confuse the students.
Compared to animal protein, motor protein can reduce cholesterol in all aspects.
On this occasion, the Members of the House were allowed to introduce their own Bills and Bah Adelbert Nongrum introduced the “Meghalaya Selection of Candidates for State Quota”. to Higher Academic Courses Bill, 2023”.
Babu Birbor Riangtem, President of the Meghalaya Lower Primary School Teachers' Association, in his speech, congratulated the civil society groups who have supported their strike from the beginning and said that they have The teachers who are still in critical condition due to the snowstorm which the police have launched that day.
An earthquake has struck Darrang-Shnongpdeng today.
He said that although no one took them to see the birds, but on their visit to the state they found that there are about 120 species of birds in the state.
Mawkyrwat, November 01: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya in charge of PWD (Roads) on Friday inspected the road from Ranikor-Nongjri-Maheshkhola to Baghmara to ensure that it should be in accordance with the prescribed allocation.
He said that sometimes there are bad transformers which have to be transported to the office for repair, but if it is in the villages where the roads are not adequate, it is very difficult.
Manipur: The BJP Government of Narendra Modi has started the UCC in Manipur, until the Manipur High Court has allowed the paid Hindu Meitei to apply. Scheduled Tribe status, only with an Affidavit.
Meanwhile, Rapborsing Kharbani (Meghalaya) has advanced to the list of winners after defeating Devavath Anil Kumar (Telangana) in the Bantamweight category by unanimous decision. decision).
He said that it has been seen that the working methods of the government in relation to the recruitment in various departments are unfair, unfair, misleading and misleading to the youth of the state.
The Sordar said that the storm, which came with heavy rainfall, happened within half an hour, although it did not come only once, but it came many times. .
There should be a balance between the protection of our heritage and economic growth for the benefit of many.
Dayo Shylla scored the second goal for Sabahmuswang in the 42nd minute and Lakhon Dhar in the 47th minute. minute of play, 90+9
On the other hand, Bah John congratulated the AMKA for organizing this tournament in order to open up opportunities for children across the state.
KSU President Daniel Khyriem said the KSU has sought clarification from the Forest Department why such announcements should be made.
Besides the screening, there will also be a workshop for students and filmmakers from the state and abroad will also participate.
This problem is understandable and not only here in our country but all over the world.
“This is why the two Prime Ministers have said that although we may have any differences of opinion, development works should not be stopped.
In the second leg, Evergreen Mukhla beat Mooknor Thadmuthlong 2-0
In other constituencies too, it has done well.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Shaniah Shkem Dkhar Asst Finance Secretary KSU JHDU while Samla Donald V Thabah General Secretary KSU JHDU took part in the swearing in ceremony.
Citizenship, society, income and population are protected by the Constitution of India,” said Bah Erwin K.Syiem Sutnga in a statement to the Law Commission.
The program follows other programs of the G20 summit held in Saudi Arabia, Italy and Indonesia to promote climate cooperation.
Speaking to reporters, Wailadmiki Shylla said that the party was founded in Jowai and has now moved forward in its work for the people, through the hard work of National President Conrad Sangma. K. Sangma who is also the Chief Minister of the State under his leadership, the working methods have changed a lot compared to the previous governments.
