Due to the absence of the CEM, the KSU leaders and members handed over a letter to the Deputy CEM, Bah Lasky Rymbai at his office on Tuesday.
He said that in 2011-12, some machines were brought by a Kolkata company, Hindustan Steel Work, which was supposed to build the road but it was suddenly destroyed in
This Act is in fact the most appropriate Act to protect the uniqueness of the Khasi people as well as to prevent discrimination.
If Bah Ardent doesn't like the mother's lineage, it means that he has an intention to destroy the KHASI people. It's time for us to change and take the lineage from the father, not from the man! In other Northeast States, there are only Sixth Schedule and Art.
"Regarding the Roster System, I feel that the implementation should continue so that what happens in the future should be in the right manner for the benefit of all," he said. state.
At this meeting, the Cabinet also approved the Meghalaya Tourism Policy 2023 to promote tourism in many ways and create job opportunities.
Shillong, March 30: Speaking at a public meeting at Nongpendeng, Nongstoiñ before the HSPDP elects its candidate from Nongstoin, Shillong, March 30, 2013, the HSPDP has said that the goal of the HSPDP is now. you should rule the state in
He said that according to the estimates, a person should eat only 35 grams of meat per day in 2011-12 which is less than the requirement while a person should eat 180 grams of meat per day. However, the people in this state have not yet reached the point of using this measure.
This happened at a household on the 17th of November at 4:30 pm at Jaiaw St. Joseph, Shillong.
The works he has done as a Leader cannot be overlooked.
He also criticized Conrad for the distribution of pigs across the districts of the state.
Paralok said, “I am very happy to see Hep again.
It will also be beneficial for improving the governance system,” he said.
We urge the State Government and the relevant authorities to provide protection to the residents and to prevent such bloodshed in the State.
The Dorbar Shnong Namdong B has decided to hold a counting of votes for the election of Waheh Shnong.
Natasha B.Blah came in 14th position with 541 marks and Snienbha Suchiang came in 18th position with 537 marks.
The crowd at the venue concluded the meeting with an inspiring song by the singer 'Remember the Khasi land, The old way that has disappeared, Shon the seal of Jehovah, in the heritage of dang sah-Trai, stand up and save the land from evil.
They also said that the demand of the Sengbhalang to implement the Inner Line Permit immediately is an issue that all the people support and if the ILP is implemented, the government will take action. to implement the census year of the state shall be peaceful and orderly.
Of these 15 applicants, five are in Ri Bhoi district, three in East Khasi Hills, two in East Jaintia Hills and one in West Garo Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
There are nations that have their own homeland but fall under the rule of other countries.
Regarding the New Shillong Township, the CM said that before the elections, the NPP-led government had allocated up to T.10,000 crore for the construction of roads, to provide the water supply, offices and the city of education in New Shillong, and in the next four years Shillong will witness a major change.
Below are some suggestions on how to use soybean sprouts for skin care.
Nongpoh, Nailur 28: Besides the work of Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHAs) to assist the health department even at a low salary, they find it difficult to provide for their families. ASHA Umsning Association Unit today took part in the cleanliness drive in Umsning with the aim of bringing about a clean morning because of the plastic garbage on the roads.
Shillong, March 17: The Organizing Committee of the Cherra Teacher's Training Center (CTC) Nongsawlia-Sohra has invited the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma to be the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the 150th Anniversary of the Cherra Teacher's Training Centre. The meeting also invited the MLA of Shella constituency Dr. Donkupar Roy to be the chief guest.
The Rot brought by the Sein Raij Ummulong has made it clear that only the right injection can fight against this disease which has spread all over the world.
Kerala and Assam have reported four deaths from their respective states.
After 10 minutes, Bansuklang Bina's attempt was blocked by Rymbai goalkeeper Christopher Lyngdoh. for the team’s third goal.
The singers include Badbhoi, Shot Shadap, Wandon Kharsati, Marbiang Dkhar, Dami Arkini Pala, Lizel Wahlang and Balarida Kharnaior.
Conrad said that the people involved in the incident are not affiliated with any party, and urged that such incidents should not be spread because of religious or ethnic differences. .
On this occasion, Bah PN Syiem said that they have to consult with the villages or Hima to hear their voice, what they have to say regarding these rules if they work. .
Regarding the passing away of Bah Waroh Pde, Bah Heading, said that he was shocked, because two years ago, they were singing together, in Mawphlang and said that it is a great loss, by the passing of this other singer. singer.
Bah Bindo M Lanong, who contested the MLA election from Nongkrem Constituency as an Independent Candidate (IND), said that he was surprised to see the voting pattern of many people and not all of them. you see myno-myno.
Instead of saying that the child is RYNGKOH beyond the wall.
In the coming days, the party will expose the activities of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, so that the people will know all the facts and will not be misled.
This was announced by Home Minister Rajnath Singh during a meeting with Nagaland Chief Minister TR Zeliang in New Delhi.
It is time for the people to understand the dangers that await us and the protective measures we need.
College Jowai on the road, Mission Compound-Loomkyrwiang and ended at the Community Hall of the Dorbar Shnong Chilliang Raij.
“This has caused dissatisfaction among the students, parents and schools of the State,” said the Chief Minister.
There are 30 cases in East Khasi Hills, 11 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 10 cases in South Garo Hills and 6 cases in West Garo Hills.
Shillong, July 23: The BJP through its spokesperson, Bah Maryahom Kharkrang, has strongly condemned the allegation and speech against MPCC President Vincent H Pala.
However, the Central Government has been misled by the State Governments for not implementing what has been agreed upon.
The song was produced by Phaibok Pariong and Sailin Khyllait.
God is holy “Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God” Matthew 5:8
The 3-0 victory will encourage Shillong Lajong in the second leg on the 13th of this month to qualify for the final. you're lying.
You are a son of suffering.
Children born to a Khasi father have the right to inherit the Khasi race.
The total cost of the purchase of the laptops has reached T.75 lakh.
However, on the way to Rari, North Garo Hills, the Bolero fell into the night and the woman died on the spot and the three seriously injured were rushed to Guwahati for treatment.
Any trucks that violate the village will be turned over to law enforcement.
In my opinion, if our nation continues to insist on giving its name to its mother, the time will come when we will remain only the name Khasi, but the appearance of the tree and the character will no longer be relevant. and the Khasi Khara, why do I say this, as the days go by, more and more other ethnic groups will come to live here in our state and when these foreigners have been able to enter, even in the countryside, there will always be clean marriage, this cannot be stopped, because the love of any man or any woman cannot be stopped.
They visited the site today and I informed the Consultant and Contractor about these issues and due to the inability of the Consultant to arrive on time due to the long flight from Delhi, only they visited the site. officer.
*A little about the Shad Sukra and Pastieh festivals*This Shad Sukra festival has been held in Jaintia Hills since the time of the ancients. From the end of October to June, the Seiñ Raij Tuber started with the Ryngkaw Kñia and then on the Hat (Market Day) or Kyllaw, the Ryngkaw Kñia was completed. All the children of the Seiñ Raij Tuber should not go to work on this day Kyllaw, the Lyngdoh, the Lyngdoh, the Wasan on this day is their Sabbath and on this day At about 1 pm, the Lyngdoh and the Wasan perform the Shathoh kñia. This kñia is performed at the Iung Blai Lyngdoh in Tuberkmai Shnong. At about 1 o'clock in the evening, the Priest takes the seed and plants it in the field as a sign that the Priest has completed the sowing. and they made the feast of Sukra.
After that, the opposition ministers went to the scene to stop the work of the shop.
He said that there are about 5700 commercial taxis under the banner of the kaseng in the entire Shllong Region.
The program was attended by Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang Constituency, Eric Dkhar BDO Umling Block, Bhaskar P Baishya District Nodal Officer, IOCL, P Boro, SI Supply and others.
They work and serve the people from the bottom of their hearts without discrimination even though they belong to different constituencies.
Thus, as of 24th June 2023, out of 1700 crematoria, 1100 have been accessed but most of them have not yet been completed.
This is another challenge faced by teachers.
The family members of the Dalit girl also denied that it was her body, which was burnt without informing them at 3 am on Friday, however, they demanded that the met you, haei you don.
These politicians include Manpreet Badal, who lost the last election, Bathinda Urban, former Finance Minister, who has 19 policemen guarding him alone. Pargat Singh, who is the education minister, who won again from Jalandhar Cantt and has 17 policemen guarding him alone.
The villages that came were Pyrdiwah, Lyngkhat in East Khasi Hills and Muktapur in West Jaintia Hills. Bangladesh.
However, the contractor who constructed the road did not take action to complete it.
Justice Harmarsan Sngih Thangkhiew was also present on the occasion and inspected the site.
Those who witnessed the ceremony included two Ministers of State, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Kyrmen Shylla, CEM JHADC Thombor Shiwat and other MDCs, Deputy Commissioner Abhilash. Baranwal, Jowai District Governor Puramon Kynjing, Seinraij Tuber leaders including President R Harvis Phawa, General Secretary Jobly Sana and others.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) expresses its deep sorrow and grief over the passing away of one of the former leaders of the state, Bah HS Shylla.
Other singers and groups who received awards included ABBA, AJ Tracey, Headie One, Rita Ora, Sam Smith, Ellie Goulding, Anne-Marie and George Ezra.
The same is true of India.
According to Bah Kharkongor, MeECL will now receive 30 MW of electricity during off-peak hours and 78 MW during peak hours. 12 MW of electricity will be taken from the Kopili Hydro Electric Plant.
The funeral service and cremation will be held on the 29th November at 9:00 pm at Khnap Thangbriew, Wapungshnong, East Jaintia Hills.
With the consent of the people, we will try to develop a manifesto that will look at all the things that we have not been able to achieve for the past five years,” he said.
What should we do in the future as a nation? What is needed now is that we should pray to God especially before we elect the Nongsynshar whether it is the Leaders of the People, the Nongsynshar Village, the Nongsynshar Hima or Elaka so that we can get those. Wise and understanding rulers, especially those who fear God.
Ardent also strongly criticized the statement of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, who said that since the emergence of the new party VPP in the state, the On the other hand, Bah Ardent said that the supporters of the VPP have not caused any trouble to remove the VPP. but it has disturbed the minds of the political parties that have ruled the country in the state.
A California study of 87 people with high cholesterol found that eating these walnuts for up to six months could improve cholesterol levels.
Once you don't, you'll be able to change for three years.
The inspection will be completed on the 30th of this month and will reach the border with East Khasi Hills at Wah Umnogt.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has sent a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong to clarify the recruitment of police officers by the Central Recruitment Board. , Meghalaya.
Meanwhile, the child who was arrested was sent to the police station.
Shillong, July 30: The Kur Lyngdoh Pyngrope at its meeting held on the 28th of this month has confirmed Bah S.Pyniaidsuk Lyngdoh as the new Lyngdoh of the Kur Lyngdoh Pyngrope. Priest Priest, who died.
Because the BJP government in Delhi has allowed the Assam government to do whatever it wants because in Assam the BJP can rule alone.
On Tuesday evening, the LRO had spread information through Twitter that members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) were involved in the incident at Mahadev Khola.
Many of us are still waiting for the decision or the railway of the Meghalaya government to come, every day we watch the news but we don't hear or see that our government will include Mumbai, at least if they don't have shisha, they shouldn't have encouraged us by announcing it in the meeting or news.
Those who rise from small jobs can set up large shops later, and end up with only 10 generations of people.
The student is studying Civil Engineering and is currently studying for the 4th Semester, police said.
Hesse is also the commercial capital of Germany and Frankfurt, the city with the largest number of bank branches, includes Deutsche Bank and Commerzbank and the European Central Bank are also located in Frankfurt.
Bah Mawthoh said that it is due to mismanagement that has caused this problem in the distribution of electricity.
Tourists themselves, if they want to visit Meghalaya, come regularly and don't worry.
The distribution of sharak to the villages for the poor households is five liters per household and this price has left many households unable to afford it even if they need it.
The union said that there are many other schools which are in better condition than this school.
Virendra Khatri and Atul Nikam congratulated all the Deputy Directors, District Youth Officers, Accounts, Program Assistants, volunteers of NYKS and NSS and all the members of youth organizations/leaders. who completed this program which was also successful.
Because 25% of forests in India are highly vulnerable to fires, only about 3% of the forest cover area is lost due to forest fires.
The Sunday School founded by Robert Raikes was not only to teach religion or preach about Christianity but also to teach children to read, write and count. using the Bible as one of the reading materials.
That man became a living soul.
Several Congress leaders, carrying LPG cylinders, threw themselves on the ground and the Congress chief in Mumbai, Bhai Jagtap, was also killed. , fell to the ground in the tragic incident.
Thank you very much from some of the citizens who are responsible for the State and the country as a whole.
(1) BS Lyngdoh, RG Tongper (Mawtawar), (2) L Rymbai (Nongkohlew), (3) KS Nongkhlaw (Mawïongrim), (4) C Bina, K Kharhujon, MS Jaraiñ (Nongkwar) (5) S.Warjri, T.Kharbuki, (6)D.Swer, K.Rngaid, N.Sohkhlet (Motsyiar), (7) P.Kharsyntiew, N.Lyngdoh (Mawdatbaki), (8) J .kharkylla, L.B.Massar (Phudmuri).
The first is “YOUTH AND EDUCATION”: The strong foundation of any country and nation, the income and the future of that nation, depends on how or to what extent the youth of that is, the nation or the country and the State rise to the level of education through their education.
The KSU said that the DC has admitted that there has been a delay in releasing the relief fund in the past years, as the money has come through the revenue department and the district administration has not yet received the full authority to release the relief fund. The relief funds have been distributed immediately to the refugees, but this time the management has changed and now it has been quick due to the authority of the DC of the district to distribute the relief funds immediately.
Kynton Massar SC has received a donation to take part in the Women's Football League Tournament to be held at Umsaw Mawjynrong and Nongkohlew SC will take part in the Women's Football League Tournament to be held at Polo from the 18th of this month. this month.
The Head Pharmacist of the Civil Hospital, Shillong, has sent a letter to all the patients of the hospital under the IPD to temporarily suspend the supply of these medicines to the patients who come for treatment under the IPD. Hospital.
He said that as the residents during the inspection of the water pipes from the well to the villages, they found that many of the pipes have been broken and many are no longer there.
In the second match between Laitkroh SC and Mawñianglah Youth SC, the match ended in a draw.
An EVM was found in the vehicle of Krishnendu Paul's wife on Friday night, sparking anger among political parties that the machine had been stolen.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Navita Mahanta, in charge of National Horticulture Guwahati, said that the Government of India from Delhi has selected only 11 states in the country so that the farmers of these states can continue to improve. In Meghalaya, West Jaintia Hills has been selected for the production of Shynrai Lakadong.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, on Tuesday said that there are several villages which have not been included in the border talks but have expressed their desire to be in Meghalaya.
There is nothing else that the Congress cannot do.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem festival is usually held before the spring season when the nature is still struggling to revive after the cold season.
The title came after the United XI last won the tournament in
All these are the result of the natural disaster.
This was announced by the Special DGP of Assam GP Singh after visiting Mukroh village today.
All political parties have that and we have the same understanding and it is just that we have our own party.
Seven Times More – Randy Nettles – European Commission President Ursula Vonder Leyen in her speech at the G2 on Sunday 10-09-2023 calls on countries to have a Global Digital ID (Information and financial transactions are included under this ID) as already done in in Europe.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that the EC has decided to introduce an Amendment Bill to improve the Fisheries Act of the Council so that it can enforce and regulate the fisheries. to preserve the waters of the rivers and especially the fish.
Expecting the strawberry cultivation to continue to grow in the area, he said, “I will continue to extend my hands as a leader to develop the farmers and so that our people do not rely on one person. They have turned to other types of farming for income generation”.
In the past few days, there have been reports that many Congress MLAs will leave the party before the 2018 MLA elections.
Shillong, Lber 03 : Meghalaya captain Fullmoon Mukhim has returned to his team ahead of the final against Karnataka in the Santosh Trophy ( 78th National Football Championship for Santosh Trophy) on Saturday at the King Fahd International Stadium.
He said that what concerns them is because the scheme from the Block is not clear on the duties of the committees to be set up.
Shillong: The peace talks between the central government, the state government and the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) will start on the first day of July.
For example, the Khasi Hima and other Princely States agreed to join India through social treaties.
It is desirable to spread the word as soon as possible, so that those who wish to participate will have plenty of time to showcase their talents.
The Government of India has clarified that there is no Goods and Services Tax (GST) for funerals or cremations.
When the crossing through the lengbah ka lengsan was complete and clear, it was time to climb back to the hill of Mei Mawbuh, where the thanksgiving of the Dem Blei was performed by a woman and a man. Rgh Skor Jala and Rgh D.Syiem have completed the work.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr WR Kharlukhi said that although the NPP has not discussed anything on this issue, but on his part, he feels that the UDP's proposal is appropriate. The UDP is the biggest ally among the PDF, BJP and HSPDP as well as independent MLAs.
The Minister also promised to the people that the government will provide support for the needs of staff, equipment and accommodation for doctors and staff.
However, despite the efforts of the government and the police department, there are some people who do not appreciate the efforts of the state government.
Stephan Kharkongor, Vice President and Samla Gee Mawlong Organizing Secretary, Sengkmie and Secretary of the Circle of the Seng, found that many of the foreign workers were foreign workers. Those who work in this area do not have proper documents especially the labor license from the District Council.
It was during his stay in Kolkata that he met Mahatma Gandhi.
Police in Ri Bhoi District on the evening of the 26th of this month, have arrested three persons involved in the smuggling of drugs from Assam to Shillong.
When this happens, it is not that the politics is corrupt or the state is corrupt but it is the people in the political party and those who rule the state who are corrupt.
It will also be the first time that the Legislative Assembly will be without the Leader of the Opposition.
“It is through the development of the players that we have decided to hold the Mawkynrew Cup from one year to another because they have the opportunity to lead the clubs in the Shillong League.
AND AT THIS TIME I TAKE THE OPPORTUNITIES TO HAPPY ENVIRONMENT SUNDAY TO ALL OF YOU GOD U Jowai: The opposition MDC in JHADC, Awhoi Andrew Shullai, MDC of the Congress, has strongly criticized the NPP-led government and Conrad Sangma as Chief Minister and Thombor Shiwat as CEM of JHADC because these government officials have not been able to pay salaries to the employees of the District Council for five months now.
We urge religious leaders to conduct awareness programs on these issues from time to time," he said.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Laskein Circle with the assistance of 7TREP Rural Aid and AHOR has launched a relief campaign to the people living in the border areas of Assam. 11th June 2020 by donating foodgrains and money to Thadmuthlong and Khad Kasla and Psiar border villages in Block They are the ones who lived there for hundreds of years.
However, Raj Biswa, who continued his good performance against Sikkim last month by scoring 56 runs from 46 balls, smashed five fours and two sixes. the six.
The project was inaugurated by the BDO of Thadlaskeiñ Block, B.Sungoh in the presence of the Agriculture Development Officer, AGM of NABARD, Grevile Kharlukhi, Dr. RM Lamare MBBS, The Director of JHDS, Fr.
The SDDF has made it clear through this media that the Sohra Civil Sub-Division has not yet been upgraded to District status.
“The introduction of the Act to name MLAs and MDCs is because I as CEM, stand to protect the Rangbah Shnongs and the Ri Khasi as a whole. "I'm sure," he said.
He said that the tender issued by the MIDC chaired by James Sangma is only for the rich, as it is a big job and the party has requested the government not to split it. crore so that the contractors who do smaller jobs can also participate in the work.
If you get only 90 out of 100, you'll be fine.
However, according to the videos, two foreigners, suspected to belong to the Topcem company, have instigated the police to bomb the people. They entered the factory by shouting in Hindi “maro sale ko” and “Khatom kar do sale ko” and this angered the people.
The budget for 2021-2022 is estimated to be less than 4.07% of the state's revenue.
He said that if the NPP candidates win from Meghalaya, it does not mean that they will turn into BJP but they will have the same cooperation as in the past but not to abandon the basis of support for each other. the state.
Although parliamentary elections are not imminent and will be held until 2025, Kishida, who took power in March 2021, has begun campaigning once again to strengthen his party and win the next election.
The report of the King Edward VII Memorial Pasteur Institute, Meghalaya, Shillong, has shown that the water is no longer suitable for use as one of the waters that cannot be eaten or drunk. The Umtrew River Protection Committee of the villages which use the water as drinking water has strongly opposed the company.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State for Home Affairs, said that all the seven leaders from Ri Lum Jaintia, including him, in one voice strongly oppose this. The decision to award the Myntdu Leshka Hydro Electric Project to private companies to run the electricity distribution including maintenance in Jaintia Hills.
He said that the Sports and Youth Affairs Department has also allocated Rs 6 lakh per MDC for the needs of the youth and other activities.
Expressing the diversity of the ethnic groups in the North East, Conrad hoped for a relationship between all ethnic groups despite the differences in culture and traditions.
Two Ministers of the State Government including Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports and Agriculture, Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang President of the PDF Central Secretary Auspicious Lyngdoh Mawphlang General Secretary and Aibor Lyngdoh Nonglait Finance Secretary PDF Central also conducted the meeting.
Tens of thousands of people from 1-Nartiang Assembly Constituency today attended the swearing-in ceremony of the NPP Block Committee led by Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar. Wahiajer is located in West Jaintia Hills District.
PN Syiem has resigned from the post of Leader of the Parliamentary Party (PP) after he lost his salary to lead the Executive Committee in KHADC. James Ban - I'm Not Afraid.
Our ancestors were very busy thinking about the safety and cleanliness of the community.
But before these things happen, there must be a union of all Christian churches and all religions.
From my approach you can admit that it is very different from the countryside.
Committee member Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh said the government has allowed the private sector to express their views on the issue.
Welcoming Diiliram, Conrad said that he is a man who has a foundation to serve the people and said that his joining the NPP will strengthen the party to win. victory in the midterm elections.
The next match will be the final between the two teams who won today and the final will be played on the 27th of June.
Looking back in the past, it cannot be denied that guns were very helpful and protective against wild animals that used to destroy the agriculture of the villagers.
Sama Nongrum own goal (3 min), Dakini Shylla (8 min), Daphimon Khyriem (20,46 min), Beatify Shylla (29 min), Eiladki Ksoo (31 min) scored the goals for North Liberty. ), while Evamerry Myrthong scored for the Little Stars (9 min).
The union said that the villages in this area have been cut off from other parts of the district during the rainy season due to the poor roads which has caused a loss of about 90% in terms of income. agriculture.
According to sources, the youth, who was arrested by the Byrnihat Police Station, had stab wounds on his neck and it is highly suspected that he was killed by a knife. which was robbed from Ryndang and that the robbers had gone to break into that place.
When asked whether there is any politics on this, Dr Mukul said, “I don't want to say anything on this”.
To take one of the most prominent examples of the deterioration of the working methods to date in relation to the Mawhati road.
“Now we are surprised that even the court has not given any decision but the Government of Meghalaya has handed over to Assam,” he said.
“In the old Act of 1955, there was no exemption for Sixth Schedule land.
Mawphlang CC chose to bat first and scored 107 runs for the loss of six wickets in 20 overs.
Phidalia has been appointed as the Chairperson of the Commission in November
Wailadmiki Shylla was accompanied by Sniawbhalang Dhar candidate from 1-Nartiang, Phidalia Toi, MDCs and others.
Those arrested along with the seized kyiad were handed over to the Custom Office at Dawki for further investigation.
He said that Russia has from time to time accused the West of supporting Ukraine's drone attacks and Russia has also called on the West to support Ukraine's drone attacks. Ukraine as a country of origin.
Unless the Autonomous District Councils do not surprise the people now to strengthen especially the Sixth Schedule which is the part of the land management.
Up to 112 owners from 112 hotels attended the meeting which was also attended by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, Shri Davis NR Marak, IPS Shillong. Thousands of people attended the General Council meeting of the UDP Ranikor Circle on Saturday at Nongnah.
He was accompanied by the Minister of State for C&RD and Transport, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, State President NPP Dr. WR Kharlukhi, NPP West Jaintia Hills District President Ma Octomewot Lamin in the presence of former MLAs of the area and others.
Habits that need to be avoided include smoking or cigarettes.
Furthermore, it was found in the RTI that the same people have two names in the list of beneficiaries, and it was also found that even a person who does not have a house has a toilet as shown in the list of beneficiaries.
U Bah Samlin said that if we talk about development projects, there have been many changes that he has been able to work in these 5 years as a leader whether it is in the fields of roads, water supply, health. health, education and many others.
“We have to pay T.50 per month for computer teachers and this has been set by the school for the children who take computer subject,” said one longmie.
Meanwhile, KHNAM Working President Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that the people of the state should come out against the excessive power outages and the government should find ways and means to tem to this problem.
for the purpose of speeding up the work.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has postponed the polling in Sohiong constituency which was scheduled to be held along with 59 other constituencies on 27th June, 2023 due to the sudden death of UDP candidate HDR Lyngdoh. on June 20, 2023.
Toi, Lajong played well to turn the tide but had difficulty until the end of the game.
He said that the incident was not due to ethnic or religious differences.
Shillong, March 11: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Baridua has strongly condemned the DC of Ri-Bhoi District for issuing NOC to illegally trade land through beneficiaries and private individuals. land by allowing the people to dig and clear the hills and rivers and to clear the hills and rivers that are green and fertile to turn agriculture into desert.
The following are the elders including men and women who left the HSPDP to go and join to strengthen and elect Bah HDR Lyngdoh to become an MLA once again.
B.Warjri, Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, welcomed the guests.
The Achik Conscious Holistically Integrated Crime (ACHIK) on Saturday held a public hearing program in Garo Hills on the demand for the rainy season in Tura.
“Father, we must do it quickly, because otherwise he will not see that we are not at home, or they will go home without the children.
Shillong, Nailar: A power outage has occurred at The Grub restaurant in Laitumkhrah on Saturday night. The incident has shocked the public on Saturday night. at 8:15 am.
In a statement sent to the media, Donborlong Kharmuti, Secretary of the Umran Dairy Church, Mawbuh Presbytery, KJP Western Synod, said that the statement by Drestalwell Marbanniang is baseless. , because according to his statement, the Umran Dairy Presbyterian Church is new and recently established, but in fact the Umran Dairy Presbyterian Church is established. since 1971 and was ordained as a full church on 28/4/1
They (Police) alleged that someone came to them to fight against them but how could they recognize when they did not have Night Vision Device (NVD).
“Out of the 131 persons accused, 125 persons have been taken into custody and as of this writing, 16 persons have been arrested by the police to ensure that there will be no more incidents. "It's chess," said Bah Kharkongor.
Shillong, July 18: The 22nd General Assembly of the Dkhar Kur Sawkpoh, Shillong will be held on the 14th of this month at 11 am at the Lamjingshai Youth Center of the Presbyterian Church, Pohkseh.
Dr. Blessing Roy Suchiang, Asst.Professor of the College, who led the programme, Project Incharge of the EDC and Member Secretary of the E-Cell, said that the program has been organized. program to encourage self-employment and to provide advice to the staff members of various colleges in East & West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya. for students who want to start their own business.
Earlier, Jaintia Hills had Ma RC Laloo, who was the second Chief Minister during the government of Mukul Sangma in 2013-2
All those arrested are currently under judicial investigation.
The 23-year-old has been under the care of SOS Children Village, Umiam since 1999 until now.
Three days later, the daju promised the mother of the tamsneng that his master would give him a job because he was looking for a younger daju because the other one was older with children. of him no longer want him to continue in office from the new year.
M Ampareen Lyngdoh has been elected as the president and Finely Pariat has been elected as the secretary.
Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang MLA Vitor Ranee MDC, NPP Jirang President Balawan Syiemiong and other dignitaries and other dignitaries. The party's leader is from Jirang.
The trainers were Ian Campbell of EDGE10, along with Danish footballer and Manchester United captain Jesper Olsen who took part on behalf of his team. The Future of Football.
The incident which has shocked and shocked the people of the area, is the shooting death of four Khasi elders by the Assam police on 14th June 2010, which has never happened before. incidents in other border areas within the State whether in or in other parts of the State.
Shylla said only two members from each Kur were invited to lead the meeting as the hall of the District Council is small.
Leaders of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) said that the reason for the decline in the price of synsar is due to the oversupply of synsar.
In the mixed double, Hrisami Passah and Ribhalang Passah defeated Mebanker Shullai and Balashembha Passah 21/14-21/1
However, the woman later realized that the accused had forced her to sign the documents to buy a new Maruti Eeco van, without explaining it in detail.
I love and appreciate you Peter that you love and respect your mother so much and that you have to tell and consult with her before you make a decision.
In the fourth round, the UDP won by 2,055 votes against the second place candidate, Grace Mary Kharpuri, an independent candidate.
The UCC which affects our culture, our heritage, our family, the BJP wants to destroy.
no.4.
For the tie-breaker, the Shangbangla Unit beat the Saiden Unit 3-2 to win the tie-breaker. in the football tournament.
Speaking to media, while sitting in the CEM chair at the Council office, Pyniaid, MDC from Sohryngkham, said that the EC will also look into the issue of the boundary between the two countries. Meghalaya and Assam are currently in the second phase.
The UDP has sent to the HSPDP and KHNAM whether they have accepted Bah Paul as the candidate for the MP election. KHADC CEM Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said that they will send the name of their candidate, but it will depend on the joint decision who will be nominated. .
There are about 30 other lawsuits vying for the restraining order amount.
Confirming this, UDP Spokesperson and Working President Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that he has received a letter from the Lamphang through the Secretary of the House, Kong H Mylliemngap regarding the recognition of the Lamphang. the MPF group as the opposition.
Prestone said the AITC spokesperson had accused the Meghalaya government of misusing Rs 632 crore for the Meghalaya Eco Tourism Infrastructure Project.
It is thanks to his skills and knowledge to treat tumor patients in the past years that Tbn Rangbah has been able to travel around India on the orders of the Government of Meghalaya to train himself and to train others in the field of education. To this day, he used to give medicine in Dawki, Mawngap, Amlarem and also in his village in Umsyiem.
The report said that almost every time, the Low Level groups also carry their coal to smuggle, but most of them are arrested by the police, until the High Level groups. give strength by paying a high price.
If Angela Rangad hadn't come forward and brought up this issue, we would all have remained in darkness.
When asked whether all the Daju will not wear uniforms or not, as it is now, there are many Daju who have gone to get uniforms from the Mylliem Hima office, “We have talked to them, but “Although they have already bought, they have said that they will not wear it and they will lose the T.500 tyngka that they have already paid, and they will stand together against this forced wearing of uniform,” he said. Mr. B.Jyrwa.
In 2014, the loss of revenue in the form of excise duty and VAT due to the lack of these rules amounted to Rs 10.15 crore.
Shilpi Bynroi 40kg Female, 21 Banisha Kharkongor +40kg Female Mawpat.
I replied that we wanted to see that Mawhati.
He said that as of now, the present EC has not been able to run smoothly in the GHADC. It may be recalled that in the 2009 MDC elections, the NPP, at that time when it was the NCP, had Conrad said the party won 19 out of 29 constituencies but could not come to power because some of its MDCs had left the party. The District Council has been looked after by trusted people who have not fled to other parties because until now there has been no party law within the District Council.
“The MDA MLAs are united, we are determined to fulfill our duties for the state and the people.
Pope John XXIII, speaking of the deaths of the Missionaries who gave their lives for the good of many, said, “Wow, the beauty of dying after living a lifetime for the work of Mission. in the Mission"
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday strongly criticized the Coordination and Welfare Committee (CWC) for making unfounded allegations with the intention of creating ethnic unrest over the killing of two Ichamati, Shella Block, East Khasi Hills District has been arrested in the past few days.
He said that the friendly football tournament will also be attended by Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, one of the prominent football stars of the state who is also a former UDP MLA. against the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Nongpoh Area.
There are two species of Nepali rice that are most widely grown in the world: one is called Fagopurum esculentum, and the other is called Fagopyrum tartaricum in scientific names.
On the other hand, UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong said that the party has not yet decided on this but the voice of many is that Conrad should win from South Tura.
We urge the Council, as the owner of the land, to take action against this issue,” said the petition.
He has also written many stories for drama and film, and has also starred in the Khasi film Sha Ba Sep Ka Sngi among others.
The market in Mawiong should no longer be a market that oppresses the farmers where the farmers of synsar, phan, sla tyrpad farmers are priced and counted kilos; but the farmers in such markets should be to determine the prices -the minimum and maximum prices – according to the differences and quality of the goods and should be written and displayed publicly.
Those who attended the event were Sister Preeti OSB, DSP Mawkyrwat, Benningstar Lyngkhoi, Gerald Pde, officers of the Tourism Department and the residents of the village. Shngimawleiñ including children, youth and parents who were the main reason for the success of the Mawkyrwat Ultra Marthon
On Saturday, the top four winners of the Senior Open category through the Meghalaya Chess Association to leave for Delhi are Barbith Sangma, Balseng N Marak, Silkam Sangma and Tartush R Marak.
Speaking on the occasion, Commandant Yuvraj Dubey explained the importance of the programme.
Everyone looks forward and has to obey the rules of the UDP. This time again, it has lost its dignity because the ethnic parties have gone to thank and praise just to be in the government to get a job. neither the flesh nor the flesh made a difference to them.
"Is Bah PT in the government to make such an explanation? It sounds like Bah Prestone Tynsong or Bah AL Hek is saying these words! In fact, he is the Chief Whip of the on the other hand, he should have strongly opposed the government.
Shillong, Nailur 12: U John Leslee K Sangma, MLA from South Tura, on Tuesday said that it is regrettable that the state government has appointed a Personal Security Officer (PSO) for him as a drug addict. the evils of drugs and the evils of society when its people commit such acts.
In poetry, or through poetry, the poet writes and expresses his experiences or visions and journey.
Shillong, June 22: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to suspend the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem. the order he said was issued this morning.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The BJP has rejected the statement of the Congress Secretary to Meghalaya, V. Naraya Nasamy, who today said that the The BJP-led NDA government has been biased and has not allocated funds to the Congress-ruled states especially the North East.
If you are in the second round, you will receive 60 tyngka.
Hamlet handed over his resignation letter from the post of MLA along with Samlin Malngiang from Sohiong Constituency and Jason Sawkmie Mawlong from Umsning Constituency before joining the NPP. the day that came.
If you don't have enough money, you have to say that you don't have a ticket because you haven't reached the goal.
Police have registered a case and are conducting investigation to track down the suspects.
Meghalaya has 17 ethnic groups and 37 sub-tribes.
The competition was divided into Elite Women's and Men's, Meghalaya PRC Women's and Men's, 10K Women's and Men's and Run for Fun 5K Women's and Men's. 137 women and 492 participants in all categories.
They don't ask questions on issues that affect the people especially in education, health, drinking water and roads.
“All the MCSs are only Khasi-Jaintia and Garo but through this Reservation Roster, now we will see that those who are not Khasi-Jaintia or Garo but other ethnic groups will become MCS,” he said. Mr. Macmillan.
In collaboration with the volunteers in the village, Ms Kurkalang, has supported the residents by ensuring that they have access to food and drinking water.
He said that it is a pleasure to see that in this village there is an E-learning Center and also a Turmeric Processing Unit, where these achievements are due to the presence of such companies. to stand on their own feet to improve the income and development of the residents especially in the rural areas.
He said the state expects the introduction of the Lokayukta to intimidate and punish corruption in government departments.
Think and think carefully, young man, Before you choose this or that, Because if you choose wrong, You will also be saved from God.
From time to time, the people must show their strength because while they are listening, they will be beaten on the head by the exploiters.
“I have become like the youngest son and brother of NOTA,” he added.
Shillong: U Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP in the state, today said that the meeting of the party today will discuss the new National Education Policy of the Government of India. (NEP 2020).
The escape of her from her home has shocked the villagers who later learned of the incident.
The President of the NPP Meghalaya, Dr. WR Kharlukhi, said that it is true that HDR has not been invited to join the NPP but he has elected a younger candidate, Samlin Malngiang.
I have just seen in a newspaper, which has been talking about those five years, mentioned by those contractors from the West.
Police have informed the relatives of the deceased to call the Officer Incharge, Mawryngkneng PS (+919436164589) or SI B.Marbaniang of Mawryngkneng PS (+9
Those small Lamas of the country who are not used in public places shall not be thrown into the streets, but shall be placed in a place where they cannot be removed. a special place with respect and honor for them.
BJP spokesperson Gaurav Bhatia alleged that the AAP has acted against the feelings of Hindus.
Nongpoh, Nailur 28: The Dorbar Shnong Pahamsyiem, Nongpoh has decided to hold an annual cleanliness drive in the village as part of the efforts to bring about a clean environment in the village and its surroundings. .
On this occasion, the farmers also received training on water management by Bah HS Nadon, EE Water Resources and training on the use of water during the planting season. The meeting was attended by Bah Mawjam Makdoh, Horticulture Development Officer.
Wars and earthquakes and pestilences have already happened.
The DC said that it has been received that the Litein River in Saipung C&RD Block has flooded and has risen to the PWD road and surrounding areas.
The Government has spent about T.2.60 lakh crore so far and another T.80,000 crore is to be spent in the next six months until November 2022 which brings the total expenditure under the PM-GKAY to 3.40 lakh crore.
“Abide With Me” is a song written by Henry Francis Lyte, a Scottish Anglican poet and hymnologist. 1847 and this is the song, which has been played since
At the same time, the EM said that the Council's employees in the fisheries department need to be strictly monitored to avoid smuggling, stealing and other fraudulent activities. Many of the Council's fish farms do not have fish even though there are farmers and workers.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The plan to relocate patients from Reid Chest Hospital for the construction of Shillong Medical College may start in the next two years.
The deceased were from Ri Bhoi and West Khasi Hills.
Without understanding that the food that enters the body every day contains many kinds of drugs, which can cause problems later.
This command to preach began to the Gentiles throughout the world through the disciples and apostles.
From October 2010 to June 2011, the company's electricity bill increased to T.9.65 crore and after that, there was an arrangement to pay gradually, but it was reported that The company had issued checks worth T.3.35 crore, but these checks were rejected by the bank for lack of funds and on July 30, 2011, the company was disconnected.
Therefore, the number of women voters exceeded the number of men by 27,2
He hoped that various leaders from other political parties would join the BJP during the visit of the Prime Minister.
In conclusion, Dr. Khongjee expressed his concern over the closure of farming activities, which has affected every household.
As a leader in the JHADC, he said, looking back on these days, it has been seen that the right of the people to the Sixth Schedule is no longer in force. power and these things put the nation in danger.
They were married in 2015, but in 2016, Heard filed a lawsuit to divorce Depp and the divorce was completed in 2017; But in 2018, Depp accused Heard of writing an article in the Washington Post about her abuse by Johnny.
Goswami also admitted that the Mumbai police had assaulted his mother-in-law, brother-in-law, son and wife.
In this generation too let the Bible speak to the people and let us make the Bible speak for righteousness and truth.
The opening ceremony was attended by Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of KSU Ri Bhoi District, Biangbor Paliar, Organizing Secretary of KSU Sengkmie, Lambok Rymbai, Banpynshngain Lyngdoh, Mawphrew Village Leader and other elders of the area.
Like the words Pin, Skul and Kali, they are not very different because they are not very different.
“The election in Mylliem constituency is very different because people don't look at the party but at the person who does the job.
The injured were identified as Amir Khan (16), Raja Karmakar (30), Biswanath Urang (20), Faraq Ahmed (56 years/male), Dita Borah (20 years/male), ND Zafar (19). ), Dugan Rai (47), Kuturang (27), Mrinal (21), Kajol Mandal (25), Rohit (27), Milan (45) and Sanju Sinha (39), Nitul Singh (25), Kartik Singha (58 ), Nelesh Karmakar (20), Biplap Singh (23), Bhoku Baterai (50), Rahul Rai (15), Deepak Kanti (38), Dilip Kumar Rai (60), Nilas Krinkon (20), Bisu Nuren (34) , Suman Singh (20), Vishnu Uray (24).
Members of the Congress today held a song and poetry reading at the party's three-day meeting in Shillong to express their opposition to the BJP government. The MPYC has also decided to hold a protest against the BJP government by protesting against the actions of the BJP. The BJP government has insulted the people of the North East, and along with other issues such as the anti-farmer policy, illegal money, and others such as the attack on churches in Delhi and other religious activities. Congress, party leaders from all over the state.
Wut went to the press.
This program organized by SPARK has helped about 250 children.
This shows that the Jio company is taking advantage of the situation to steal the wealth of the people of the area, because it does not provide adequate services to the area, said the statement.
During the investigation, the HYC members found that these people do not have proper documents to enter and work in the State. The infiltration checkgate is located in Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District.
“This should be a center where talented young people can meet, share their knowledge and showcase their talents to the world and also make this a place that happens, lives and “It's a place where many kinds of art & culture programs can be showcased and shared,” he said.
He said this after they found that many foreigners were selling along the road but fled when they saw the CEM and his team.
Nathan Lyon took four wickets and Scott Boland took three wickets to help Australia beat India in the second innings.
Police have registered a case on the burning of the vehicle in the yard and identified the people involved in the incident.
Indian badminton star Lakshya Sen was defeated in the semi-finals of the US Open Badminton Championship by All England champion Li Shi Feng. China.
Until the time of the end.
Rupang: What will you do next if the people elect you? Sanbor Shullai: You see we fall under Para 12 of the Constitution of India, we are in the Sixth Schedule area and we have faced many problems, Our people are suffering because of the NGT ban on coal mining and we on the party side have spoken about this from time to time but because the people do not give us the authority, we cannot do anything.
On the same day, Shangpliang also welcomed the NPP office bearers led by Dany Snaitang, Secretary of the NPP Pyndensohsaw area and three members who joined the party. He joined the BJP today.
The march, which lasted for several days, was led by cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan and Tahir ul-Qadri, one of the Muslims. They have been fighting hard to overthrow the government of Nawaz Sharif.
Since the planting of the snepkor, people have understood the importance and value of the power of the snepkor in health.
There are still 71,440 devotees who want to visit the temple in Kedarnath, who have been stranded in Badrinath, Gangotri and Yamunotri in Rudraprayag, Chamoli and Uttarkashi districts of Uttarakhand.
Universal : it means the whole world, the whole world; the earth is the whole universe; he is one; tyllup is not covered.
Shillong: The BJP has not yet announced any candidate for the MDC elections to the KHADC and JHADC, although the nomination deadline ends today.
None of those development works have been seen through the Government. Even the road which is like a bud Lum for these villages has not been completed yet.
He said that through this Block, many development projects will come and the services of the Government will be more efficient.
Regarding the Umngot Dam, he said that it could be damaged due to the lack of construction and it could be flooded at any time of floods. The garbage dump is due to the quarrying of stone from East Khasi Hills and during the rainy season and the remaining soil is carried to the river.
“Our mother.
We will fight with the district authorities and if they don't do anything we will destroy it by the village authorities,” he said.
He said that the promise of the AITC to cancel the MoU if they come to power in 2023 is sad because it shows that they do not want the border between the two states to be closed. Meghalaya should have its own border so that there will be no more border disputes.
Bishop Desmond Tutu of the Republic of South Africa said, "I don't know what kind of Bible people read when they say that religion and politics don't fight.
They said that out of the 29 districts, 18 districts have been severely affected by the conversion by the missionaries.
Ladrymbai B SC beat Chiehruphi SYWSC 1-0 in the final of the first division football tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on Saturday.
The Chief Minister said that under this amendment, it is not allowed to set up shops selling or selling drugs within 200 meters of places of worship, schools and hospitals.
Speaking to the people at Sohkymphor, Jimino said, “You have elected Kyrmen Shylla as MLA, Minister and President Yoth Wing in the state. Kyrmen Shylla, MLA of Khliehriat Constituency, on Tuesday congratulated the members of the UDP Youth Wing EJHD for their support in the 2023 elections. It is necessary to start setting up various Units and Circles of the party in order to develop the party.
Bah Monarch ShabongThe national parties will meet on the 2nd June 2019 at Polo Ground and perhaps it will be the beginning of an understanding between these parties under the banner of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA).
He said that for this reason, the people turn to the party which can provide services to the people.
Even if you promise to provide services to the neighboring villages, after getting what they want, they will manage your land. It is not according to your will but you have to obey according to its will and direction. they.
Earlier, a wreath laying ceremony was held at the cemetery of the Mawïongrim Presbyterian Church.
He also informed that the department has directed the Directorate of Educational Research and Training (DERT) to conduct a thorough research on the performance of the students before making the subject Mathematics an optional paper.
Shu promise to leave and don't want to lose your thylliej without shyieng.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, LSN Garod Dyke, has issued an order that all banks should be closed tomorrow as part of the Anniversary Celebration of the Unitarian Church in the state. Meghalaya.
Besides Rahul, Mukul Sangma said that Vincent Pala also tried to talk to Lapang, but his attempts were unsuccessful.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “...we have decided to extend the curfew from 6 am to 4 pm in many parts of Shillong.
He said that as drivers they should have these three parts which is to cooperate with the passengers of commercial vehicles from time to time.
The Congress party has also promised to repeal all the laws that are not beneficial and against the rights of the people passed by the BJP government in the state within 10 years if it comes to power. .
The Congress and Trinamool Congress did not take part in the polling, but left the Lok Sabha.
If these cells are too bright or too bright at night, the working time of the cells inside the body becomes irregular.
Of course, in today's society, a woman can claim maintenance for her children if she is left behind by her husband but how much will it help especially if she is a day labourer especially if she has a husband elsewhere.
The General Secretary of Pyndengumïong Village, Bah Lambok Nongrang, said that the incident happened between 2 pm and 4:30 pm. some of the goods of the shops.
Where will this lead, even if globalization or the unity of the world has worked, but the nation has become weaker and poorer with the passing of the days.
Denis Mukhim, also known as Mode, along with thousands of his supporters under the banner of the MCPF, was welcomed by MPCC President Vincent H Pala in the presence of Charles Marngar and Other Congress leaders from the state and Ri-Bhoi District at the meeting held at Umsohlait.
On the 8th, 69 persons including 21 from Shillong and 48 from Tura have been arranged to leave.
In connection with this incident, Police from Sohra and Shella and also Police from Shillong have rushed to Ichamati and Dalda villages on the border with Bangladesh to strengthen security and maintain peace and order.
On the other hand, the Israeli police have launched a search operation in the area to ensure that there is no danger to the people walking and standing in the area as well as those who live in the area. .
Shillong: U James Sangma, Minister of State for Revenue, today promised to work hard to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act 2021, which was introduced by the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government. ) under his supervision, this department.
“We have requested to recruit more than 200 vacant teaching and staff posts within the University,” he added.
In 2013, in order to further promote the existence of the village, the village has decided to provide information to the people who want to know more about the Jingrwai Iawbei.
U Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, after taking over as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday, said that that they shall not trade without obtaining a Trading License or license to trade within the boundary of the Council.
In South West Garo Hills, one case is high risk and in West Khasi Hills, one case is under screening.
Thakuria, who scored 6/23 in the first innings, was ahead of Marak with 8/3
According to him, the main issues mentioned in the rule are, the rights of electricity consumers and the duty to issue licenses, full supply of electricity, the operating system of licensees and you have paid the price.
She said that if the rain lasted for a long time, they did not expect to survive and drowned, because no one came that night.
With the exception of two pools, the execution is run from a single pool.
He said the issue most affected by the residents of Jowai and the residents of the State is the employment and income generation opportunities which have affected all the households.
Shillong, Nailar, 07: U MDC of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, who has worked hard in his small capacity, to look after the welfare and development of the villages in the district. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Saturday inaugurated the footpath at Umshing-Umjapung village, which has been allocated Rs 5 lakh under the KHADC scheme. The old road has been destroyed which has caused difficulties to the residents in coming and going and especially to the vehicles passing through this road.
Many newspaper readers are not familiar with LANGDONGDAI and perhaps have not visited this village.
Colonization of the mind: Pride is now inherited in us.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of State and Spokesperson, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the students of the state have been advised to leave the state immediately. The state government has provided the means to bring them back to the state.
In fact, the Khasi Hima have urged the KHADC authorities to expedite the rules and regulations for all the 54 Hima/Elaka.
To learn more about KAM or to join it, please visit the website: wwwkammeghalaya.
Shish, you're stupid, you're stupid," he said.
These cows were seized at the India-Bangladesh border at Dawki Police Station.
Modi and the BJP party have now been able to convince the whole of India that the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) CAA, the new Constitution of India India) for the benefit of the BJP and RSS, there is no problem, because it has won all the people of North East India.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday vowed to eradicate the Hamas militant group from the face of the earth. group of people, dead.
Shillong, Nailur 19: After six months of the resignation of the Chief Executive Member of the UDP, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, due to the criticism of the Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP); However, these things have happened, as they started, when the party, in the past few days, has decided to continue to support U Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, despite the fact that it has put many your rules.
For the first time, the Meghalaya football team has created history in the state by reaching the final of the 76th Men's National Football Tournament. Meghalaya beat Karnataka 3-2 in the Santosh Trophy Championship at the King Fahd Stadium in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia on Tuesday night. The state will hold an open road show starting at 2:30 pm to hold a rally from Mawkhar Main Road – Motphran – Police. Bazar – AG Office – Additional Secretariat – Barik – Malki Point – Dhankheti – Don Bosco Square – Laitumkhrah Beat House and will end at Iewrynghep Laitumkhrah Square.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Meghalaya Football Team has scored 10 points in the 77th National Football Championship 2023-24 after beating Santosh Trophy 2023-2 Kerala beat Kerala in Itanagar today.
The Seng has received two letters from the Central Government after holding a protest in Delhi, regarding the demand for the recognition of the Khasi Language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution. Constitution of India.
According to the figures released by the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Ltd (MeECL) for the month of June in the last six years, the water level has been excessive in June,
As it is difficult for patients to travel to Mumbai from a distance, patients can come to this camp by calling Mona 09920200400 / Pushkala
Therefore, the Seng Samla will hold a ceremony on the 15th of November in Mairang.
The party has also sent a petition to the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on this issue.
Shillong, Nailur 22: Shillong Police today arrested Michael Pakynteiñ, one of the leaders of Congress candidate from West Shillong constituency, Bah Mohendro Rapsang, in connection with the petrol bomb blast at his residence. Paul Lyngdoh MLA of the constituency.
The road from Mawphlang to Weiloi is a very old road as we remember.
Lumdiengjri SC opened the scoring through Gabriel Blah in the 26th minute but Donbor N Shanpru equalized for Nongumlong SC in the 38th minute.
The HNLC also praised the decision of the state government to call for talks with the HNLC and this is a welcome decision, said the HNLC, which issued a statement in English.
In the 3rd division, Lumdiemngjri played against Young XI after a goalless draw.
:The office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Mawiongrim, today 14th November 2023, met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah and gave 15 days to the office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) to remove the Coal has been found on the highway in Mawlai.
Once again we have a spring season, a season of hope and new life.
JYF president JYF-EJH J Pala, village office bearers and SMC members and others were present at the distribution.
Bah Pariat may contest the MDC election from the UDP in the upcoming elections.
The State Government has been on its way for more than 50 years to get its own state but until now it has not had the means to help the young athletes especially those who have real talent and who come from poor families to support them in their education and daily activities.
“In this age we are fighting each other especially on social media, but if you see the mistakes of others you should not blame them, but you should correct and give advice to build society and the nation," said Kyrmen.
“May the spirit of unity and brotherhood continue now and in the future with the participation of both ethnic groups,” said the VPP spokesperson. the work of the oppression of one nation over another.
The display is not clean, but the government has not ordered MeECL to set up a repair section in Nongbah district to work for the children. phase of Covid).
The Deputy Commissioner appealed to parents and job seekers to be vigilant and not to accept without proper information to avoid being cheated and misused.
Those who own land to farm are no longer benefiting because of the natural disasters that happen every year, the trade in property has declined, the markets have declined, the goods have declined. The price of agricultural products has dropped sharply and the cost of transportation to the market has not increased.
Besides the stadium, drinking water is also one of the most important needs of the residents of the village, where he fought to introduce the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme to distribute water to every household.
It is worth mentioning that this foreign day laborer who lives in Nongmensong has been attacked by unidentified robbers in Mawlai area. Marrow, Shillong.
Therefore, if anyone objects to this, the right way is to file a petition in court and state there what the complainants object to.
On this very important occasion, I would like to congratulate and congratulate all the leaders of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA). DD Lapang, Dr W Kharlukhi, Shri.Ivanlum Marbaniang, Shri.KP Pangniang, including the National Peoples Party (NPP), United Democratic Party (UDP), Peoples Democratic Front (PDF), Hill State Peoples Democratic Party (HSPDP) ), and the Independents who listened to the desire of the people for change in Meghalaya and were able to agree on a joint candidate in the name of Dr Jemino Mawthoh, former MLA and Agatha Sangma, former MP and MLA.
The delegation led by Bah Lapang visited the Accident and Trauma Center at Nongpoh Civil Hospital and Umsning Community Health Center (CHC).
They shouted that they demand their right that the government should pay them according to the work they do.
The only reason is “disobedience”.
Many trucks have been allowed to pass through the National Highway of Meghalaya, but even the Assam police have arrested many trucks from Beltola when they came to sell coal without proper documents.
As witnessed, it was said that the implementation of this railway line has affected a lot of the residents especially when the impacts have been on all aspects where this has caused problems to the residents.
Prestone also recalled how much the state has been affected by the natural disasters and sent his condolences to the families who lost their loved ones in this incident.
On the strike, the demand to make Tura the capital of Meghalaya in the rainy season has been strong. acceptance by the State Government.
There have been 10,000 new cases of coronavirus across the United States on Tuesday, bringing the total number of cases in the country. , has risen to 54,000, while the death toll has risen to 150 today and the total number of deaths so far has risen to
In another development, the Shad Sukra in Mukhaialong will be held on the 11th and 12th of this month.
The Minister of Cooperation, Bah Comingone Ymbon on Tuesday inaugurated the 70th All India Cooperative Week at Moosyiem Shangpung, West Jaintia Hills District. focus on domestic activities in order to promote income and economic development.
“On Tuesday we will meet with (the CEM) of the District Council and if it delays this work we will continue,” said the EKHLTWA leader. , Jymmang 21 : The Meghalaya Clean and Green Organization (MC&GO) will hold a Mini Marathon on the 5th July 2023 starting at 6 pm, starting from Liar Bang, etc. The villages of Liarkhla, Kdonghulu, Thadnongiaw, Khweng, Mawbri, Mawtneng, Umshaproh, and ending at Kurkalang Square, Bhoirymbong.
About 500 athletes from Russia and Belarus will qualify for this year's Asian Games, the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) announced at a meeting held in SaturdayAll Russian and Belarusian athletes will play under the neutral flag and will not be allowed to represent their country, including playing music from their countries.
The purpose of this collaboration with the Police Department is to provide emergency assistance to people in case of accidents by providing examples of treatment to assist immediately in case of accidents.
East Khasi Hills won two silver and two bronze medals.
Angela Rangad from TUR, Right to Information Officer, said that the purpose of the public hearing was to explain to the public the documents received from the RTI on the muster rolls of Sericulture and Weaving. .
B Nongbri, F Lyngdoh and I Marbaniang scored the goals for Mawphlang.
Of these 95 cases, 19 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from North Garo, 38 cases from Ri-Bhoi District, 28 cases from West Garo Hills, 2 cases from West Jaintia Hills and 3 cases from West Khasi Hills. Hills.
Heavy rainfall in various villages on the India-Bangladesh border has severely affected farmers as crops have been destroyed in villages in East and West Jaintia Hills due to road collapse and flooding. .
The teacher was abducted from his residence in Damas Kaksona village near Mendipathar, about 120 km from Tura.
“I have seen in the newspapers that the PS will be opened since the last term of the former MLA in Umshyrpi but in conversation with the department they said that they have not received any written notice. to propose to set up a PS,” he replied in response to a question on the rumors from a few years ago that a PS was to be set up in Umshyrpi.
Wanshwadame Diengdoh was named Player of the Match.
U Bah Marbaniang died after allegedly shooting himself at his residence on the 24th of this month. fact.
God fulfills the old covenant among Israel which was only evil.
“We are still waiting for the decision of the Supreme Court which has fixed the date for the hearing of the case this month,” said Dr Kharshiing.
Bashanbor Pale led Sailung to four goals with a hat-trick.
"This is also a notice that as mentioned above, the Office expects everyone to cooperate for the sake of the beverages in the market by following the rules and regulations. required by 31st March 2024, in order to avoid any future penalties under the Act.
Only those who have a mature mind, knowledge, experience or knowledge of the nature of India and the various ethnic groups in it so that the laws and regulations or the system of governance will not be in conflict. and the Constitution of India.
“The Reservation Roster is only to ensure the implementation of the Reservation Policy, and the Reservation Roster is not a decision regarding seniority in the job, because the recognition of those who are senior in the work, shall always be based on existing rules.
It was upgraded to Full State status from 21.01.1972 Under the above quota, 40 percent was allocated for Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, 5 percent. Other Scheduled Tribes (STs) in the state.
The Seng Khasi leader said that this incident is an act of violence and insult to those who are still holding on to their traditional religion.
In the group stage match in Tura, both matches ended in a 1-1 draw.
Not only these small vehicles, but there are also trucks, carrying stones and heavy loads, which have increasingly disrupted the traffic in the area.
The meeting will discuss the cultures and ancient customs related to the region, which also bring about relationships from one ethnic group to another including those that can be affected such as the artifacts used in the ancient beliefs and the intangible as sound, music.
The incident happened at 4:20 pm this evening, as at that time there was also heavy rainfall in Nongpoh. kynroh, it was also after he went to hide slap in the shop.
A group of armed men broke into the residence of Milard Marak (30) in Nengbrak village at 10 pm and took him away. .
The President of the 5-Sutnga Saipung Block, Syrsse Lamare, Assistant Secretary, Metipbha Supooh, Vice President, Romeo Pdang, NPP Narpuh Circle were also elected.
Only in this article, some acceptable and unacceptable words have been identified as the word culture which is forcibly translated from the English word “culture”, which has its own original word Deiriti. , the word literature which is forcibly translated from the English word “literature” in which there is no original language Ka Thoh Ka Tar, especially since such languages ​​are the heart of the Khasi people.
The Prime Minister said that India has witnessed a decrease of 153 new cases per day and the number of cases per month has dropped to 0.14% at the end of the month. November 2022.
" Riia replied, "Did you go to work...?" I asked, “Yes.
Senior BJP Leader, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, who is also the Minister of Agriculture, received the Dadasaheb Phalke Award.
Some of the causes of natural disasters in the area are the unknown fires, the cyclone which hit the Bay of Bengal. , landslides in Pynursla village which is one of the areas covered with hills and rivers and when it rains heavily it causes landslides in hills and rivers and roads which has affected severely and transportation.
On this issue, the Prime Minister confirmed that he would invite all stakeholders to the discussion table and said that public meetings with various groups would be convened.
Social distancing is not maintained.
Afterwards, a welcome speech was delivered by Kong Elodian Khongsit, who welcomed everyone to this happy day of the Dong.
Carmel, who won the first election in 2009 on the UDP ticket, in collaboration with Ardent Basaiawmot, MLA Nongkrem, told Rupang that he has won the election in 2009 on the UDP ticket. “It is a sign of opposition to the abolition of Laitkroh Constituency,” he said.
On the 14th of November 2021, an IED bomb exploded at one of the headquarters of the Police Reserve in Khliehriat at about 1 pm.
:The new Khasi song, titled “Shiteng scrit”, is a song which has been released on the 27th of June 2023 and is from the movie “Khohwah Nongsor”.
Announcing the hearing, the court said that the proposals and preparations for the construction of the houses were sent to the HPC on 30th November, through a letter.
The results of the voting in these four states will be announced on the same day, November 3,
“We need more money to make this shopping center operational,” he said.
He said that other jobs such as electricity, water, motor, mystery, can start their work from today, as well as shops selling goods. mystery, such as dewbilat, tins and vehicles carrying these goods, will start their own business and then electrical appliance shops, truck repair shops on the highways, quarries will also but they should not be exported to Bangladesh.
Shillong, Lber, 10: Several villages in Shillong have expressed their surprise and anger at the same time over the lack of water supply from households and government wells in the morning. Thursday of last month.
In the second leg, Friends United FC beat Mawlai 2-0 with Arhius Nongbet scoring in the 50th minute and R. .Gurung in the 68th minute.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The allegation of Men-aiksuid and Men-shoh noh is an issue that the society is still wondering whether the allegation is true or not.
Tynsong said he has not been able to investigate how well the Kam Pohing department has worked as the DGP is still undergoing training.
The former Congress led government led by former Prime Minister Dr. Manmohon Singh held its last meeting yesterday and directed the President to remove immediately to the 15th Lok Sabha.
The plane had eight crew members and five passengers.
Remove the hatred among ourselves so that the Hynniew-Trep people can rise again and we can become masters over ourselves and over other people.
According to Bah Paul, drugs are the cause of the increasing crime in Shillong until girls and women have become ill because of the increase in crime.
The Bible is like a fire to burn sin:Jeremiah 23:2
“You who have studied in Ri Thor, you have understood better than those who have studied in a small pond.
With this goal, France took the lead in the match for a while.
ZPM leader Lalduhoma, who is ready to take over as the new prime minister, has won again from Serchhip.
The SP said that these drivers who were fined, knew that it is a one way road or that only vehicles are allowed to pass on one side but they drove slowly and on this, the police have violators were prosecuted according to the law.
" “... Mehbooba's outward sign as stated by her is that she is giving support to one of the terrorist insurgents in J&K where this has revealed the fact that she may be involved between the two," the Gupta demanded that an inquiry should be conducted in this regard and severe punishment should be given if Mehbooba's mistakes are found.
Mary Kharmih, President of Women's Wing Mylliem Constituency, also delivered a welcome speech.
They were also alleged to have violated the Memorandum of Association (MOA) and the Rules of Procedure of the DHGRPHA.
Nongstoiñ, November 12: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Kyrshai Area Unit (FKJGP) has said that if the road continues to remain like this, it will be a great shame for the MDA government. The MDA government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has demanded that the Kyrshai Sub-Health Center be upgraded to a Public Health Center (PHC).
Ibalari Nongrum (2), Larihun Songthiang (55) and Melari Lyngdoh (59) scored the other goals.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District today launched a Social Awareness Action to prevent the spread of SAANS at the Community Hall in Rangbihbih, East Khasi Hills District. remember the hard work in fighting the disease.
If not, who sent it? He and we will also be punished.
He said that when he was in school, children from all over the Northeast came to Shillong for education because the foundation was strong here.
All the speakers expressed their concern that the District has become aware of such crimes and urged the law enforcement agencies to take action and arrest the robbers involved in such crimes.
Therefore, to say no to money is very difficult because here in the state most of the farmers are farmers, contractors and if they get more and easily go to work that is enough for them.
Rynjang Crematorium has been reached 4,117m and is now 20,445m high and has ranked fourth among the tallest crematoria in India.
However, in order to escape from the darkness, the truth has gradually become clearer, as the world has become brighter, which means that that kind of “khongdngum” has disappeared.
Besides, the union demands that the government should arrest those involved in the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfiedl Thangkhiew so that the peace and order can be restored in the state.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister said that there are some moments in every history of the country that we celebrate.
The AICC wants to complete the selection of candidates before the end of June
The Chief Minister said that the distribution of assistance to the orphans through the marriage registration scheme is so that they can live in peace and harmony in their families with their loved ones. .
The incident has raised fears that the death toll will rise, the source said.
In the third match between Myrjai and Mawsiang FC Nongkhroh, Mawsiang FC Nongkhroh won 1-0 with Rio Marboh scoring the first goal in the 59th minute.
TMC Rajya Sabha Leader Derek O'Brien said in a tweet, “Parliament is not just a house. the new, is the one that has brought with it traditional values, values, examples and rules, it is the foundation of Indian democracy.
Copies of the Bill can also be obtained from the offices of the Deputy Commissioners from the 7th of this month and can also be obtained by E-Mail by calling 0364-2 E-mail Address and will be sent to the email address of those who request a copy.
In the final, Nongthymmai S&CC scored the first goal of the match and ended the first half 1-0
U Bah Donlang Sohkhlet, PDF candidate from Umsning, said that he has taken the decision to contest again this time because he wants change and development to come to the villages as it is now. There is no development in Umsning Constituency and it is up to the people to elect their leaders if they want change and development will come in Umsning Constituency. I am proud of this reason why I have freely contested this election.
The question also arises whether ILO resolution 169 and the UNDRIP Declaration on Indigenous Peoples’ Rights also include land rights? And can the indigenous people, like the Khasi, ignore the decisions and declarations of the United Nations? as Trai Ri Trai Muluk (i) they identify themselves and that the Trai Ri community accepts them as members of it (ii) the inheritance of the Trai Ri groups who settle in the area different parts of the country since before the conquest or rule by foreign powers or before the establishment of the borders of the country or State.
Shillong, March 30: The Block Congress Leaders in Nongstoin, Shillong, have expressed their sadness after learning that Dr Adviser Pariong, the person they wanted, has lost his ticket from the Congress party.
The coal that has been hidden near the Shillong-Guwahati road at Mawlai Mawïong Rim for several months is still there even after the district authorities promised to clear the area.
Vinicius Junior scored the winner for Real Madrid in the 59th minute.
He showed me another shirt that he had not been able to sell in recent seasons and said that if you wanted that price as you bought before you could take these.
Nongrim Hills SC will have to play again in the First Division next season and is in third place with 13 points.
Professor of Social Service & Literacy Mission Pariong, on 25th June 2023 in his speech at a short meeting held at Madan Nongshillong Eastern West Khasi Hills District has invited the residents and parents of this area to send their children to these two mission schools, Wisdom Secondary School Pariong and Nongshillong Secondary School Nongshillong. These schools have been successful compared to other schools.
"The 30-year-old has suffered a number of injuries since joining Old Trafford in 2021 and also announced his retirement from the French international in June.
I shall not be able to say much beyond this, but I believe that the truth itself will be revealed.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, on Tuesday said that the curfew will be in force from 7 pm to 5 pm on 23rd July 2021 until further notice. The curfew will be imposed from 5 pm to 7 pm.
The new Bill will be discussed with the political parties on Tuesday.
These insects have been hiding in the ground for the past 17 years and now it is time for them to emerge, the report said.
Shillong, July 1: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has suspended itself to discuss the issue of coal mining in the coal mines.
The union also warns that if the department cannot implement the demands of the union, then they will not hesitate to think and take another path to move forward for this purpose.
Trump has been charged with 34 counts of fraud and kickbacks in his business dealings.
This tree is very rich in birds.
(0511 GMT), according to FlightRadar2
As a rule, a man or a woman should have the right to build their own household, their own clan with their caregiver, and also their own children so that they can build and shape your family and your tribe.
“They tried to detonate a petrol bomb inside the puja, but the bomb did not hit the place where they tried to detonate and there was no damage,” said the SP. No arrests have been made yet and the search for the suspects is ongoing.
Wailad Shylla scored in the 36th minute and Slamon Rymbai in the 43rd minute.
“I am a politician, I am ready to contest the election and I will contest from the party which will decide according to the consultation with the people,” said Bah Hadrian.
He said that this competition is an opportunity to open the door for young people who know how to dance and sing.
Manipur's Kshetrimayum Jack Singh came third (2.19).
Other pollsters gave Biden the victory, with 51 percent for Biden and 43 percent for Trump, followed by USA Today with 50-43 and Emerson. Poll, pp. 49–47.
The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) has won both the seats unopposed in the KHADC Assembly today.
There is no rainfall today in these three places.
Gaurav J Thakuria came first in 11.5 overs for the loss of five wickets. Manthan Gupta came second with 5 wickets. Benhaden N. Marak took 4 wickets in 15 overs and took 4 wickets in 15 overs.
We have not taken away those places,” he said.
“We are old and we have more than 10 years of experience in the field to send us back and to compete with the young people we don't have the strength anymore and that's why we need a special TET” he said.
According to these orders, no one will be allowed to enter these containment areas except the health workers and those who have received permission from the Incident Commander in charge of these villages and all the residents. They should stay at home, wear masks, not interact with others and listen carefully if they have any fever or chills or difficulty breathing.
Therefore, this could lead to the loss of this product and a huge loss in the income of the Lakadong farmers in the state.
This is the first time that Lad Mawreng has conducted such a cleanliness drive in the Umpomtiah River, and has warned the visitors not to throw garbage or clean vehicles along the river. and against them shall they be punished.
Bret shall be marked.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 5,194 and the death toll has risen to 149, the health ministry said today.
“We have been trying to solve the problems in Ratacherra Village but with the wise leadership of the Lord, peace has come in Ratacherra Village,” said Dolloi Manbha Kyndoh.
Agartala: Supporters of the IPFT attacked the house of BJP MP Rebati Mohan Tripura on Tuesday night in Durgapur, Gandachera subdivision. Dhalai district of Tripura.
Replying to a complaint sent to RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, Bah OB Marbanniang, General Secretary of RBYF Sengkmie, said that the RBYF cannot just look at the deterioration of the NH-6 as a road where vehicles passing through this road have to pay toll to NHAI, but NHAI has not taken action to improve this road.
The Khasi woman is the guardian of the household and all the property, especially the youngest child.
The Seng said that after this meeting, they were walking along the signboarded border road to return home, but suddenly they saw Bangladeshis who tried to enter the border. Tishang Nongjri village has no culvert.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, on Tuesday refused to sign the title of Administrator of the Khasi District Council, but has suggested to the State Government to recognize Bah Latiplang Kharkongngor as the Chief Executive Member (CEM). ) of the Khasi District Council.
However, if we know how to choose the right people, there will be no such corruption.
It is learned that the militants entered the school through a cemetery nearby.
“We hope that the people will have confidence in us when we say that we will look into this matter again.
From time to time, Bangladesh has been invaded and many lands have flowed to Bangladesh and the Bengalis.
He added that as the employees, they want the MCCL to continue to operate. Since they took over the union, they have brought it to the government to upgrade the factory. long in other parts of the country.
Although we don't receive and experience it from all sides, we need it from the beginning.
Uttar Pradesh police have filed a complaint against Wire editor Siddharth Varadarajan for tweeting about the death of a farmer on the day of the Republic Day farmers' protests.
According to the speeches of various political parties, it is understood that the 29th is the decision of the government to say yes or no to the ILP. Shillong, from the 30th March onwards, will be the biggest protest in the state, in which the political parties will protest without limits and without interruption until they can convince the government to implement the ILP. Shillong, 18: The Garo Students Union (GSU) Western Zone has called a 12-hour curfew in Dandengre and some parts of South West Garo Hills District.
“You will be pleased to know that the Government has worked hard to implement the State Mental Health Policy,” said James.
When the fourth day came to shop in the Hima Sawkher Lailyngdoh, Pahsyntiew appeared in the dorbar to extinguish the fire of the kingdom until she was elected to be the longkmie nongkha syiem in the Hima. from the descendants of Kalamih the Shyllong chiefs and the Shyllong Hima, which was divided into the Khyrim and Mylliem Hima by the mushlia tricks of the French.
On the other hand, Shullai said that his departure from the Congress to join the AITC was based on the joint decision of the Congress leaders and not on his own.
Shillong, June 13 : The HSPDP has admitted that its two MLAs, who are currently in the MDA 2.0 coalition government, will not leave the party to join the National People's Party (NPP). .
Pastor P Hynniewta, Chief Pastor of the KJP Assembly, when asked by reporters about the meeting, said, “No one has informed us”.
Leaders and members of the KSU Lai Hima Unit are Korbarlang Marthong President, Fairbording Marthong General Secretary, Shanbor Marthong Organizing Secretary, Banteibor Marthong Education Secretary, Arborlin Marthong Publicity Secretary and others.
The very idea is that citizens should be fit and therefore need to walk.
With this, it is expected that Hindi will be adopted in the Legislative Assembly in the state.
At the same time, Conrad also sent his congratulations to the BJP National President, JP Nadda for the victory in three states including Rajasthan and Chattisgarh.
When asked, Bah Bindo said that he has no intention of forming a new political party in the state.
It's because of Covid that people are suffering.
CEM HS Shylla and other MDCs attended the meeting.
I will bring them back to their homeland.
Moses was not an Egyptian, but a Hebrew whom God had set apart from his infancy in Egypt" Exodus 2:2-1
Jowai: Violet Lyngdoh has been elected as the Deputy Chairman of the JHADC. The JHADC has not had a Deputy Chairman for more than a year.
Eight of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills: 06 and West Khasi Hills:
Similarly, the Sarawati Puja was held in Assam, where the management of these mission schools held a meeting on Sunday.
Selvam Karthi and captain Harmanpreet Singh (26min) also confirmed to the team that they beat Germany 4-2 at half-time. Harmanpreet's goal was his 11th goal of the Pro League season.
Investigation into the cause of the fire is ongoing.
These dances, along with the dances of the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo peoples, are those dances that express the characteristics of the people, especially those who have a story to tell about gratitude, courage, spirit. men, joy and sorrow.
There were 246 cases worth T.71,05,090 in the case, which were witnessed by 28 benches, which were set up by the District Legal Services in the State. , including the High Court of Meghalaya.
The helicopter will start operating today from 6 pm.
The villages that signed the MOU are Mawlai, Mawiong, Lapalang, Lawjynriew, Lumsohphoh, Nongmensong, RR Colony, Rynjah, Umpling and Nongthymmai.
However, there were some youngsters from his village, who felt sorry for him and did not want him to lose his talent in this sport.
1,884 emergency call boxes and 3,000 public notices and traffic facilities have been installed to bring more security to the people, he said.
He said that after the State Department approved the agreement with Ukraine on that day, the DSCA sent information to Congress to complete the agreement on the agreement. come money- playing.
Neymar told Paris Saint-Germain officials that he wanted to go home too much and that he was sorry that he had left Barcelona.
“At present, the party is preparing to warn one of the MLAs and perhaps for that reason he is trying to talk to other leaders of other parties,” he said.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills today imposed a night curfew from 4th to 11th July 2020 from 7 pm to 6 pm.
Gordon Basawïawmoit scored the first goal in the 44th minute and shortly afterwards added the second goal in the 45th minute.
“Families have worked, Dorbar Shnongs, youths have worked but our problem is why we cannot stop the delivery of these drugs to our children.
His wife, Cecilia Lopez, told the media that she had been worried about his disappearance since Tuesday last week, since the day she went to a She went to a nearby village to visit her relatives.
He said the formation of the INDIA synrop by the opposition parties in Parliament is because since the BJP came to power, even the courts have no power to conduct the affairs because they have started fighting too much.
Those who do not have a license cannot purchase these products by submitting a tender.
The forms can be obtained from the office of their respective Block Development Officers.
The Joint Action Committee of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs (SKRS) has decided to hold a Dorbar of Rangbah Shnongs of Khasi Jaintia Hills District on 22nd July 2015 to discuss the delay. The Village Administration Bill (VAB) 2015 has been passed by the State.
However, this evening, the longkmie and owners of these shops have protested against the proposal to demolish the shops in the villages, and this they expressed in front of the Ministers of the Hima Mylliem, the Minister of Market u Minister K.Langstieh, Minister of Finance and Minister Midnight Kharlukhi who went to inform the shopkeepers of the order to leave.
The five MDCs include four MDCs from the UDP, JHADC Chairman Lakhon Biam, Dawan Lyngdoh, Krison Langstang and J Treilang Suchiang from the UDP.
The Supreme Court has repeatedly refused to allow private contractors to participate in the scheme of the Central Government.
Look at the schools in the rural areas, many of which are empty, which rain only during the rainy season, which have no fence, which are poor.
Tennydard M Marak has sent a letter to the Chief Election Commissioner of India demanding that Mukul Sangma and his brother Zenith M Sangma should not be allowed to vote for the elections. thok, in adopting the Sangma caste, because they are not true Garo caste.
There are 9,70,116 confirmed cases so far.
Rowell said he had never thought of leaving the Congress party. “I have never thought of leaving the Congress party,” he said.
She said that before she joined the PDF, the discussions went on for months until she took a decision.
According to the instructions, adults should supplement between 65 to 90 milligrams of this vitamin.
Nongpoh: Two youths were injured when their Scooty (ML-10C-9269) collided with a truck. ML-11-0054, which is still standing at Umdihar.
"You are my son?" "I am the son of Kha Doctor," replied Niakha.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Sub Divisional Magistrate, Sohra Civil Sub Division, Sohra has enforced Section 144CrPC which bans all heavy vehicles carrying heavy loads such as stones and other heavy objects from passing on the road. Sohra-Shillong from 6 pm to 6 pm, the order will apply to those from Shillong to go down to Sohra and also those who go up to Shillong.
Besides the MDCs, they also joined hands from the Hima Mylliem under the leadership of the Minister of the Hima.
As I told you, they don’t have to worry about a court-issued warrant or a court summons.
When Father Bernard Laloo Badonburom announced that the first recipient of the First Archbishop Dominic Jala Memorial Award is a person with visual impairments, it was a very special day for him. I was glad when I heard this news.
Who else doesn't love this country, which is inhabited by good people (some say, bakhawpud).
She said it is easy to introduce the AFSPA but it will be difficult to remove the strike as shown in Manipur where Irom Sharmila has been on hunger strike for 15 years. The demand for the repeal of this Act has not been implemented.
According to Prestone, the land on which the Government will build houses for 342 households is 2.5 acres.
Through the Motor Vehicle (Amendment) Bill 2017, the driving industry across the country will be handed over to private companies namely Ola and Uber. Rahul Gandhi has slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his irresponsible implementation of the sudden loss of funds and the Goods and Service Tax (GST) Act. ong “A person who doesn't understand doesn't listen to anyone”.
In the 800m, Shakeel won the Rnong medal with the best time of the season with 1:4
The Minister also informed that the CM Elevate program will have a place set aside for those who want to quit drugs, and for those who are self-employed, quit and no longer using drugs. drugs.
"Kanika's announcement that she has COVID-19 has shocked many political leaders, such as Vasundhara Raje, her son, Dushyant Singh, MP and Derek O'Neill. Brien and Anupriya Patel, who are MPs, should take care of themselves if they get infected with Kanika.
Guwahati: Assam Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma today said that the implementation of the National Registration Certificate (NRC) is wrong and the Assam government will implement another one. The NRC will be conducted after the 2021 elections if the Supreme Court approves it.
“In the journey for the youth, it is impossible to say that there are many elders from Jowai who have encouraged me to continue in this work without hesitation,” said Yoosar.
Talking to some young people under the age of 30, they expressed many things, from hope to aspiration, and in the midst of the pandemic they dare to dream and shape the future.
“We invite all the political parties and the people to join hands in our protest which will start from 22nd March if the government cannot meet these demands,” said Bah Pohti.
Justice Ranjan Gogoi today took office as the 46th Chief Justice of India.
In the singles shooting competition, Nahsingh Khongsngi from Mawkynieng came second, Hed Nongrum from Diengsong came second and Trilian Warjri from Mylliem Mawkhar came fourth.
The fish in this river are indigenous fish that do not need to be imported from other places and what is needed now is to preserve them.
He said the court has upheld the petition filed by the Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Operators Association (MEA) against the closure of toll plazas. Although it is not yet complete, the decision has been taken regarding the working methods of Rangbah Shnong.
In Shillong, heavy rain has also fallen and this has also disrupted the opening day of the Shad Suk Mynsiem especially at the Weiking, Jaïaw.
(7) In the constituencies in East Khasi Hills, besides the sitting MLAs, the Congress party will be very successful especially if the tickets are given by the people.
He said that they have not been able to arrange the elections in Ampati as they are still arranging abroad.
Speech was also delivered by Samla Donald V. Thabah General Secretary KSU Sengkmie who was also the Chief Guest and also by the Chief Guest, Bah Hamletson Dohling. to take part in sports so that they can bring glory to the village and especially to the country and the nation as well as to the State as a whole.
Officer YS Shullai has been in office for six months before retiring.
He died at Mount Adora Hospital in Sylhet.
The total number of votes was 58,2
She wears dark glasses called sun glasses.
Modi said the establishment of the North Eastern Council is an aim to expedite and implement the projects allocated specifically for the North Eastern States.
He urged the residents to be friends with foreign tourists, as their visit will also increase the income of all the residents and at the same time he encouraged the residents who When the resort is successful, it will also boost their trade and this will be a source of inheritance.
Then they covered the stalks of the shying with a knife.
“Parents should guide their children to choose which line of study,” he said.
They also said that due to this disease, almost the whole country has banned vehicles to travel between Assam and Assam until now because there are still cases of this disease and it will be dangerous if people from Assam come. bar.
Seven people were seriously injured in a clash between Congress party and National People's Party (NPP) office bearers in Garodobi on Tuesday.
In the complaint, the mother said that it was not until July, 2022 that her daughter fell ill and the disease lasted for some time and it was during this time that her daughter suffered severely. and she told her mother all that had happened.
NEW DELHI: The Director of AIIMS, today warned that if there is no action, the third phase of the pandemic will come soon, within six to eight months.
“It is not that we are involved with the management or that they have told us to stand up now, but our standing up is because we want the job back,” said one of the employees.
However, she said that she had not done anything wrong but had done what was necessary even though she did not want to surrender to the police.
Could it be that the tests are flawed? Because there are times when a person tests negative once and tests positive again.
Following the outbreak of Corona virus in Lower Assam, the District Administration of East Jaintia Hills, Police including the Infiltration Department and the Health Department of the district have worked tirelessly to curb the movement of the public especially They came from Assam and strengthened the search and inspection of people and vehicles at Malidor, the Assam-Meghalaya border area.
The NH 6 especially in East Jaintia Hills in many places has been affected by landslides and traffic jams. .
The meeting was conducted by Dr. FR Lartang, DM&HO, South West Khasi Hills District, welcome speech by Bah K. Marweiñ, Principal, Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir and welcome speech by Bah W. Sangriang. , Principal of Mawlangwir Girls Secondary School, Mawlangwir.
He said that the registration fee has been set according to the categories, namely 8-15 years, 15-18 years, 18-35 years, 35-45 years, 45-55 years. and 55 years and older for both men and women.
Although he died in 1849, his name is still remembered in the Khasi Hills,” said Pastor Langstieh.
therefore, the government should not misuse public money.
NYV as volunteers has taken the initiative to educate the public to be vigilant and to follow the guidelines and rules of COVID-19 issued by the government to prevent the spread of this disease.
Speaking to reporters on his duties, he said, “My duties are to assist the Minister of Education in giving advice and guiding the department”.
The absence of a full time Waheh Shnong has caused problems to the people even for the ration, by saying 'how can we register to become a new dealer' from the 16th of this month without a full time dealer. The delay in holding the election shows that there is something behind this action of the Dolloi.
The incident happened on the 31st of this month at 2:30 pm.
Nongpoh, 28 Iaiong:The discovery by a child of Steel Wool from a children's food known as Glamy Candy, has become one of the news that will spread not only to other children, but also to them. Parents should be disciplined in their children, not to be deceived by all kinds of foods that come out these days.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday found that the market has become overcrowded and polluted. it cannot keep clean.
The life of Soso Tham is full of difficulties and challenges that he has faced since he began to record the stories and lights of the past in the form of poetry and literature.
Regarding the preparations for the tournament in Goa, Finely said the state has prepared well especially in football, which is the sport in which the state hopes to return with a medal.
“Before the election we had already held a meeting with the HPC leaders and gave them the proposal that the government has already prepared on the relocation of them and they asked for three months, so we sat down. “We have decided to seek their reply before the 10th of June,” he added.
Those who violate this rule will be punished according to this rule and also for the purpose of rally or march shall be authorized by the office of the District Election Officer.
The residents have protested against the construction of the revenue collection gate by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council.
“YOU WILL NOT RESCUE THE BRIEW AND THEIR POP”.
In Mysore, it was found that spraying trees with a rdeaux mixture helped to reduce the disease.
Shillong, March 10: The book “Ka Thma U Kada” Part 2 was launched today by Embhah Syiemlieh MLA Mawlai. says that by 2050, most of the world will be ruled by Muslims and there he gives an example, by saying that the reduction of children in the United States, Europe and Asia, will allow that these countries will become Muslim countries by
According to the Scouts-Guides Movement, this Testing Camp is exclusively for Scouts-Guides who will compete for the Rajya Puraskar Award or Governor Award. through the Governors of the States of India.
They said that the employees don't get leave like others, they don't get medicine, they don't get car fees if only the salary they get makes it difficult to pay for school fees. The household revealed these employees.
Shillong: The KJCLF (KJCLF) has demanded that the election bill should be repealed completely, said Rev EH Kharkongor, Secretary, KJCLF. Education Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has accepted the proposal of the state government to release colleges that have not been funded. Sangma believes that this has removed the concerns of many state and private colleges from taking the CUET examination. students in the state.
He said the MLAs of the state should join hands with the state government to make a strong demand to the central government.
They said that although they live in their own country, they feel like they are in another country because of the violence against the Karbis in the area.
They also suggested that through the Executive Committee, they should pass an Executive Order or pass laws to strengthen the Hima Khyrim Syiemship, Smit. passed by the KHADC and through the Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headman Act 1959 under clauses 3 & 4 of the document issued to the Syiems to empower the Chiefs to administer the Khadar administration according to the customs and traditions of the Chiefs. The custom of the Syiem through his certificate is to empower the Sordar/Rangbah Shnong so that their activities will be recognized by law and the issuance of residence permits, NOC by the Sordar/Rangbah Shnong shall be in accordance with the authorization of the Syiem.
“The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has introduced a new idea of ​​build from India, built by India and built for India as a whole and this is what the country you should be.
The Bank of America is preparing for an investment of £85 billion ($110 billion), which will rise to £462 billion ($600 billion) by
Kishan Lyngdoh took three wickets for 157 runs while Marshall Pariat took four wickets.
He also expressed his concern over the involvement of youth in alcoholic beverages.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Ulrich said that the SDO has said that the failure of many electricity posts which have almost collapsed is due to the lack of electricity posts. new in this department and have to use the old ones before the new ones arrive.
There are 56 recoveries in West Jaintia Hills, 27 cases in East Khasi Hills, 19 cases in East Khasi Hills, 17 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in North Garo Hills. East Garo Hills, East Jaintia Hills, Ribhoi District.
It was also suggested to urge the district authorities to enforce Section 144 CrPC and to prohibit the movement of more than 5 persons besides carrying wood, knives, buying petrol in bottles, umphniang sharak and others. other weapons of mass destruction.
He said that after hearing the news, the villagers also came out.
According to a source, the KHADC has spent about T.10 lakh to build shops in the market for the convenience of the market dwellers and traders. money because it didn’t work out.
Regarding the draft bill of KHADC, Bah RB Shadap, who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Umdihar, said that the bill still needs to be clarified to reflect the unique customs and traditions of KHADC. Ri Bhoi District, he said that in fact they have drafted an Administration Bill for the Villages, Raids and Himas at the same time not to introduce only the Village Act and there should be more detailed discussions. and the Raid and Hima Rulers on this Bill.
In the essay writing competition, the winners were Sharina Warjri, first place, Dollyrene Warjri from Mawkneng, second place and Ibapynsuk Warjri from Myrkhan.
If we look closely at the state of our society today, the reality that we have found in the past has not changed, but is different only in its appearance, but which makes but the other hath not changed at all.
“This will depend on the will of the Chief Minister and I don't have anything to say because we haven't made any official decision on the change of ministers from the BJP. or Sanbor's voice.
She also invited the public to join hands in this regard and appreciated the initiative taken by the school to explain about the waste from other sources. and other types of garbage and to talk about the income generation opportunities from garbage which will provide information to the students and the state as a whole.
On the occasion, Grace was confirmed by Bah Ardent M. Basaiawmoit, MLA & President HSPDP East Khasi Hills District.
Today, about 45 crore poor people in the country have Jan Dhan bank accounts.
The Kopati Puja, one of the festivals of the Dolloi of Raliang Elaka, has come to an end on Saturday.
Umshangiar will play against Mihmyntdu at 10 pm while Pateinki Sabah will play against Mookyndur at 12 noon.
Jowai, March 20: The Durga Puja in Nartiang, which has been taught by the Syiem of Jaintia since ancient times and is held every year, started today at 3:00 pm.
Nongthymmai SS&CC and Sawmer SC will play their first match of the Shillong Premier League 2023-24 on 15th October at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
He said that this festival is not only a market but also part of the efforts to encourage and allow our youngsters to start their own businesses.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 51,901, while 4,354 people are still infected and the death toll has risen to
Nongpoh: Police of Umiam Police Station, today recovered the body of a man, who was found lying on the surface of the Umiam Pond.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS), the nodal agency implementing the Ayushman Bharat Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (ABPM-JAY) scheme in Meghalaya, has received two awards in recognition of its achievements. Arogya Manthan 2023 for your best performance.
The Congress party has suspended the three MLAs and the CID has taken over the investigation into the incident.
The Government has been spending money from time to time but the company can no longer afford it.
Prime Minister Duh thanked Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina for leading the project and said he wanted to continue his cooperation with her for the benefit of the people of these areas. the two countries.
Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane is understood to want to strengthen his squad by signing the 28-year-old Hazard.
Although the team has shown its skills, this time it will have to play without Ïaraplang Nongrum, who scored a hat-trick in the semi final and is also the top scorer in Manla. She was unable to participate in the Group-A matches because she was selected to train at the Bhaichung Bhutia Football Schools in Nashik, Maharashtra.
Even! who is happy, who is happy.
“You talk about unfair elections and you want a new election, but my answer is 'We have held elections and only if you kill me, there will be no elections. , they answered, "Yes, yes, we don't want you anymore.
Riangdo, July 13: The Mawshynrut Youth Movement (MYM) has expressed its deep sorrow over the neglect of Mawshynrut area in many areas, whether in various government departments especially in the field of health. or even the roads that lead the people to the villages.
Thus, the term of office of MLA in Assam from 1937 to 2018 in Meghalaya is about 81 years.
“As a citizen of the state, I am concerned about the problem of law and order,” said Marak.
The name of the person who carried the money is still unknown.
Langsning have 14 points while Mali have 4 points.
The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) Eastern Region (JSM) has decided to demolish the khilon which has been lying idle in Tuber Shohshrieh, East Jaintia Hills for six years.
According to senior officials, clashes broke out between the army and anti-peace activists during the election campaign held at the hall in Tuinem village in Ukhrul district. Manipur state in the evening of Tuesday.
Mizoram then tied for 18/1 in the second innings and were still behind by 179 runs.
Tomorrow if the Garo get their own state (Garo land) what will happen to our land in the West and South West Khasi Hills District?
Other speakers at the meeting were Coriniki Slong on behalf of SURE. the price of SK Oil has been changed.
According to the new rules, the generation of electricity will be reduced to 845 MU from the initially proposed 1087 MU and the installed capacity to 210 MW from 270 MW. electricity increased by 8.58 per unit from 7.02 per unit in 2015 and electricity generation capacity decreased by 20% while project expenditure decreased by only 4% and due to higher prices This project will no longer be able to continue.
Shillong, June 30: The PPYAID will commemorate the World Water Day on the 3rd of July. The PPYAID will hold a cleanliness drive on the Umshing River. which is the source of drinking water for 11 villages of Mawlai.
They also said that in 2009 there was a flowering of siej and many insects came out which ate the siej flowers and they also destroyed the crops which caused severe losses to them. farmer.
Parents who don't think well, Children in the future, Happy to have a child, Reach the children.
The four parties also remind the Government of Meghalaya to fully implement the MRRSA as promised and have already opened an Entry-Exit Point at Umling Ribhoi District and announced the District Task Force Committee. We can monitor and prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into our state.
“We will also write to those students who have applied for CUET to get admission in NEHU and also to allow those students once again to apply for admission in contract colleges. and NEHU and to release them this year from CUET,” he added.
St Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, has topped the top 10 in the HSSLC (Science) while in Commerce, BBS College, Shillong has topped the top 10 in the HSSLC. , Bhanudaya Upadhaya, with 448 marks.
Jesus is not only speaking to Nicodemus, but He is now speaking to this generation through His Word, that it must be born again.
Also on this day, the union had the opportunity to arrest some mynder who came to trade and buy jhur in the Diengiei area of ​​Lawmei village. .
How much more will the people listen to the election campaign of the leaders of various parties when the information and understanding has reached and seen in the eyes and ears of each and every person through them. social media through mobile phones and the internet.
At this meeting, the Dorbar Shnong Thynroit also honored the students of this school who have passed the SSLC examination this year.
Those who attended the program included Bah U Kurbah, SDO, Bah S Langstieh, Asst Engineer, PHE Nongpoh, Bah Alvareen Shangpliang, District Coordinator Swachh Bharat Mission, Bah EK Lapang, Rangbah Shnong Saiden and others.
This is unacceptable because they are trying to delay this just because it is the constituency of others.
The arrested were identified as Romiki Ryngkhlem, Lik Bang and Riwot Lipon of Pynthorlangtein.
These people don't know whether the content is politics or not.
“On the other hand, the complainant has also submitted photographs to show that the newly repaired road does not last even two days after the repair,” said the order.
However, according to reports, the increase in attacks on religious groups such as Muslims and Christians is similar.
On this occasion, the students together with the teachers attended the event with the participation of songs, traditional dances and others. They included the Divisional Forest Officer, N. Laloo, MFS and HH Mohrmen.
There are 2,59,557 people undergoing treatment and 4,39,948 recoveries.
On this day, there was a clash between the two groups, according to reports in the newspapers.
This is not a sympathetic letter to the Palestinians, but the author praises the land of Israel on the basis of the covenant that God made with Abraham (Genesis 17 and 25).
“During the investigation, it was found that the victim (Bah Sohtiang) had gone to enter another vehicle at Khyndailad, near the road leading to Hotel Pegasus on 18th October 2023 at 9:45 pm
He said that the road in this area was constructed in 100 days, but the Assam officers came to survey the road which leads to the Chonggadare Valley, but the residents of this village did not shah, because you are not from Meghalaya.
PA Systems or Loud Speakers shall not be allowed to be broadcast between 10:00PM and 6:00AM. these items shall be confiscated immediately by the competent authorities.
Jowai, Naitung 17: The Sein Raij Tuber will hold another Behdeinkhlam festival at Tuber Kmai Shnong on the 21st of this month. Thousands of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people are welcome to witness this ceremony at Tuberkmai Shnong.
He said the Government will not allow teachers to send teachers to others in their place.
When the sohtrun has been harvested, it is also necessary to cut off the large bodies that have given birth and leave only the new branches.
Chetna Bose of Sherwood School, Tura came first this year with 568 marks.
There have been 225 recoveries today and 94 of them are from East Khasi Hills including 22 from the Armed Forces, 38 from high risk contacts, one from health worker, one from SARI case, cases from Umlyngka cluster, 15 cases from Keating Road cluster, 3 cases from Laban cluster, 2 cases from Lumpyngngad cluster, 3 cases from Mawprem cluster, 3 cases from Nongmynsong cluster, 1 case from Khyndailad cluster, 1 case from Rilbong cluster and 1 case from Raj Bhavan listening.
Telangana on Thursday launched the Chief Minister's Breakfast Scheme for school children with the aim of providing meals to 23 lakh government school children.
The President of India's statement has caused a stir on social media, where BJP leaders from MPs to Prime Ministers have expressed their support for the change of the name. India to India.
After the arrest of these murderers, the body of Damehipaia was found.
Jowai, Nailar 01 : The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was held today at Jowai Nangbah Stadium.
“I am very happy for this victory for the second time, but thanks go to God who has been by my side to win this victory, as well as to my mother who has always supported me and The Meghalaya Professional Boxing Council (MPBC) has opened the door for him and his supporters.
The Range Forest Officer of Mairang Range said that the office will continue to work together with the Forest Department to prevent such destructive activities. conduct public awareness programs on many environmental protection laws for the people of the area.
The PIL filed by CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing was heard by the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice PC Pant and Justice SR Sen.
Four mothers of Golda and two grandmothers, one of whom was identified as Brol Marwein, live in Umkrem, were present at the meeting. This is a village in the Mairang area of ​​Mawthadraishan Block.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Mazel Ampareeen Lyngdoh, MLA, East Shillong, said that people should constantly renew their minds and not stop there.
The meeting was conducted by the Chief Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar as Chairman of the Committee from Jaintia Hills and the Minister of IPR, Assam Piyush Hazarika as Chairman of the Committee from Karbi Anglong.
According to the information received, no candidates have registered their names yet.
Rohit Yadav, Rohit Yadav, scored a half century in 18.2 overs for the loss of four wickets. Prem Lama added 43 runs from 26 balls while Elsabat Nongdhar took two wickets in 3.2 overs.
Israel is God's people.
If you marry a Madras man, your children will marry a Madras father.
This will create thousands of jobs and ensure that households in the most remote areas of Meghalaya will receive Government services.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs has also decided to hold a public rally on the 17th of this month if the government does not manage to remove the garbage from Jowai.
The photographer, who is on Reddit under the name @Icy-Reserve6995, claims to be a photographer.
He said hostels for the students of the region have been built in Bengaluru “according to the needs of the time.
AIS SujaWhat happened once near the rivers of Babylon? It was the mourning and remembrance of the Israelites for their country when they were taken captive by King Nebuchadnezzar.
Ardent said the HSPDP has been betrayed by the UDP by not consulting before proposing the name of Conrad as Prime Minister and on its opposition to Prestone Tynsong as Minister. old.
There are 7 recoveries from the disease.
The two organizations also invited the Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning area to explain to the public on this issue.
As the authorities in charge of the villages, the Magistrate requests that if anyone finds or receives information about anyone who commits such acts as mentioned above, please inform the office immediately. they shall be punished according to the law.
This is a challenge for the current leaders and leaders and the work to develop is urgently required.
Shillong, July 21: As the days approach the Assembly elections to be held on the 27th June, 2023, the United Democratic Party (WSP) West Shillong Constituency has launched its campaign. campaign by organizing a rally of two-wheelers with the participation of tens of thousands of people.
:The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on 1st November, visited the AYUSH hospital under construction in Sohra. hospital.
“It is surprising that this place is near the Assembly but the state leaders are blind and every time when they go to the Assembly they don't take the opportunity to see this place.
Luke 21:25-26.
For the first time, all the players to compete for the Europa League and Champions League titles will be from the same country. Arsenal will face Tottenham in the Champions League final, while Liverpool will face Tottenham in the Champions League final. you play in the English Premier League.
In this season, in the middle of March 2020, suddenly came the “MAHAM” from the Government of India and also from Meghalaya, that we should stay at home. The government has imposed a curfew to walk and stand on time and not to meet or approach each other.
The incident happened on Thursday night at 11 pm, and at the time of the fire, there were no people inside the house. , but the people of the village, saw until the fire broke out in the house and which made it impossible for the residents to go to the aid of the house.
The area of ​​the stadium is about 7 acres and will include four training pitches, a swimming pool, a gymnasium, training grounds and others.
According to a statement released today by the police, it was reported that yesterday, 25th July 2020, the Farmers and Traders Association, held a meeting with the BDO of Sohiong at which is related to the arrival of jhur trucks from Assam.
This is the question that we as the people are crying out for the nation.
Earlier, the Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety, DBS Mukhim, while talking to Rupang, said that the department is very concerned about Pigrow. months and also for chickens using Tribio flex.
Shillong: A day after the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun closed down the Marten garbage dump in Mawlai Mawïong due to the disrespect of the Minister of Urban Affairs, u Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar did not respond to the request.
New Delhi: The elections to the Meghalaya State Legislative Assembly will be held on 27th June
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong urged the public to inform the Ministry of Agriculture if they have any signs of illness by calling 9863316850/9436119910/8
This issue shows the need for unity of the Jaidbynriew from the leaders and members of the Jaidbynriew in all aspects by learning from what happened in the past so that we can reap to our aspirations as a nation.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, at the meeting to distribute certificates to 30 Rangbah Shnongs of Mylliem Hima, on Tuesday said that the time has come to demand that the land should be allocated. “We have discussed this issue in the EC, there has also been agreement from the EC members that it is necessary to give space to the Chiefs. “It's not like we're going to be able to join the EC,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
In a letter sent to the Minister of Electricity, NEHUSU has mentioned the problems faced by the students especially now that they are in the middle of the final semester examinations which will end in April.
“According to him, they have to think many times before doing this because if they do so here, they have the right to do the same in Assam.
The library was built under the scheme of Bah Lapang from the Chief Minister's Special Rural Development Fund 2008-2 The All Sohkha Development Committee was established with the assistance of Special Central Assistance from the Border Area Development Department.
There is also a talk on the topic of “Love and Relationship” by Fr.(Dr) Linus Neli.
When asked about these land plots, he said that there are 7 or 8 plots of land belonging to the Khasi which have been auctioned to other ethnic groups.
He also knows well about APL Muktapur.
Malki is another team that has relegated to the first division.
Mr. Sanbor Shullai also visited the Arts & Culture, Home (Passport), Prisons and Labor Departments.
It doesn't matter whether you understand or not, but the Constitution of India, Art.348, makes it clear that Hindi is the language of Hindi, but in the Supreme Court and all High Courts, including in the Legislative Assembly of Parliament and in all the State Legislative Assemblies, writings and speeches shall be in English.
They confirmed the cooperation between Tamil Nadu and Singapore, Stalin said in a letter.
JOWAI: The Dorbar Shnong Madankynsaw-Mowkyndeng on Saturday awarded the Hall of Grace to the elders of the village as well as those from outside the village who have contributed to the development of the village.
Charles said that the plan to send him to contest from Mawryngkneng was a plot of the Congress party when he was in the party.
There are also ways to measure how big, spread and what stage has the cancerous tumor grown? The numbers give meaning but also explain at the same time.
It is learned that at 1 pm to 2 pm , the girl was alone in the house . In the middle of the night , the foreigner entered the shetja house near his workplace and tried to rob her, but some witnesses saw the incident and arrested him.
While schools conduct online classes, students who wish to participate in online classes instead of going to school in person are allowed.
Messi will spend two years at the PSF, earning £92.6 million.
Shillong, July 26 : The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, on Tuesday said that the Agnipath scheme is a dark future for the army and said that this will affect those soldiers who retire without pension after their retirement. serve for four years.
Khurda Road Divisional Railway Manager (DRM) Rinkesh Ray on Tuesday said that besides 278 people, about 1,100 people were injured in the accident. the 2nd, July.
The ultimate goal is to achieve freedom.
Students in Delhi, who take part in the Meghalaya Day celebrations in the city on Tuesday:MIPR.The Karni Sena, which is against the film 'Padmaavat', today agreed to Watch the film, which is proposed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali, to encourage them.
“It is not known that the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills has enforced the Crpc144 Act since June 2007 when the sudden death of fish by fishermen has occurred. thousand times in the river.
It was in November this year that the baby started to show growth and weighed 6.9 kilos and was 72 cm tall.
It is written here that you are not allowed to give/sell land without the knowledge of the Syiem Raid Marwet and the approval of the Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
Sohra, March 27: The first photo exhibition on Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav and 8 years of Seva, Sushasan & Garib Kalyan was held today at the second rainiest place in the world. It is located in Meghalaya.
Kitbok Rymbai, Waheh Chnong of Khliehtyrchi, said that the villagers are fortunate that the training has come to the village.
We will take measures to provide relief and I hope to reduce the number of terrorists until the days of the Yatra.
Telme Rymbai scored the first goal for Lumpyrtuh in the 33rd minute.
The meeting was conducted by Dr. B Challam, MDC Shusieh, General Secretary ABM Shullai, doctors and nurses, staff. NRHM, ASHA and paid medical practitioners at the centre.
This is what happened in Indonesia.
At this meeting, the three organizations unanimously decided to send the trucks to the weighbridge only at one weighbridge and the WB should also issue a clear slip. This slip is sent to another weighbridge and the weighbridge owner does not have to accept the payment from the driver.
Besides, they have stood firmly where they have the opportunity to carry passengers.
Prof. Lamin concluded his speech by calling on the residents to cooperate so that this school will continue to develop not only in Class VI, but also in Secondary, Higher Secondary and When the school becomes a college, various departments will be opened, namely Medical, Laboratory, Technology, Food Processing, Welding, Fabrication, Plumping, Mushroom Cultivation and others. .Henry Lamin.
On Tuesday night, West, 43, said, "Kim intends to bring a doctor and set up a slung," and added, "I want Kriss. ) and Kim, don't call me right now"
It is interesting to know that there are some people here in Ri Khasi who know how to make homeopathic medicines from the Jinseng plant which grows only in some parts of the world, such as Korea and Ri Khasi. Jaintia.
This is essential for the people to contribute to the development of sawangka in Mikhalaiar.
There is a saying that manna falls from heaven and this time, it seems that it will happen soon and that is that there is gold, which is abundant in the sky and which scientists, They are still trying to get to the sky and dig for the gold.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) West Jaintia Hills District today warned against those who take advantage of the opportunity to spread false news through social media about the Woodland Hospital and Sabah Village. Mushroom.
There are times when the discussion is very heated but there are no producers of slander unlike today.
Speaking to reporters, Shangpliang said the Government has already set up the Meghalaya State Education Commission (MSEC) and there are other committees which have already been set up including the Textbook Review Committee. ' (TRC).
KJDSTA and GHDSTEA expressed their gratitude to the government especially the officers of the education department who have listened to the grievances of the teachers.
Looking back at the match, it was indeed a beautiful and fierce match, as the players from these two teams, played a strong match and especially to win the title. you are the winner of this Lympung.
He said that this is not a decision that was taken immediately but it was planned since
In a complaint lodged today by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah M Rapsang, he said that according to his information, all the members of his family have not been able to go to the police station. Bethany Hospital in the past few months.
In fact, in the 2013 elections, the NPP won only two MLAs while the Congress won plainly in Garo Hills.
PM Program for Restoration, Nourishment and Amelioration of Mother – Earth (PMPRANAM)The environment has provided many resources for mankind.
The Sordar of Smit, Bah Kynsai M Syiem, said that various churches, Seng Khasi, Unitarians and other religions at this time have come together and given their hands and feet to cooperate in the preparation and welcome of the Synod.
If you ask too.
He said that since the establishment of this school, many children from the village and neighboring Wahkhen have got jobs across the state such as in the Arts and Culture department and others.
In 1964-65 there was another influx of them due to the unrest in the country.
The union has requested the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to convey this to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. for discussion.
Money! Even those who have passed their degrees are taught there.
David said that in the Congress party, which has all the members, when the party calls for applications, no one can apply for tickets and it is up to the party to choose who will be given.
College without written test, only personal interview (if this is also completed according to the order of those in authority. 40 Asstt.
In another incident, it was seen that the Rashtrapati Bhawan, in inviting the G20 leaders to the dinner to be held on 9th November 2023, wrote 'President of Bharat' instead of 'President of Bharat' to write 'President of India'
The deterioration of the road has hampered the traffic, especially from Sunapur to Huroi and Hingaria, which is still 40 kilometers away. The road has turned into a snowstorm and has disrupted the traffic and parking of vehicles. and affecting the residents of these villages in the Huroi and Hingaria areas.
The Eucharistic Procession of 2020 will be held at Khahnar, East Jaintia Hills.
“I don't mind if others accuse or criticize that we can't send our children to school until they graduate but we don't criticize them but we send them to the body of work so that once they have completed training they can start. to the work.
His duty was to slaughter the cows and slaughter the goats after the prayer.
They said that many people are trying to mislead the party that they are afraid that in a short period of time the party has spread in the state and the reason is that the party has leaders. who are intelligent and have a vision for the development of the state.
The Minister also informed that the announcement for these posts will be issued on the 14th of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The HITO has strongly criticized the ACHIK in Garo Hills for its statement against Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP, which said that those who disagree with the Reservation Policy Since 1972, they have been able to appeal to the Supreme Court.
In the second leg of the tournament, Mawbidong Presbyterian Upper Primary School beat Kyntu Lajong 9-0, Rangjadong Sports Club beat Pyndensakwang COC Secondary School 4-0 and Nineset Secondary School beat Pyndensakwang COC Secondary School 4-0 Nonglang beat Mawthynrew Youth Sports Club 12-0 in the tie breaker.
However, after a year, Bahduh said that the government that Maieid had had collapsed and after seeing that there was a shortage of jobs, he asked Maieid for permission to work all over the country. Maieid's jobs ranged from driving, peon and PA and Bah Hoping also liked him and stayed with Maieid until the day of his death.
Tbn FDW Sutnga, wife of (L) Memorial Suchiang, resident of Tyndowapung, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai, passed away on 18/06/2
The Government should include so that all three hill tribes in the state can participate in this anthem and should not include a foreign language (English).
The opening ceremony was also attended by Fr. Peter Syiemlieh Parish Priest of Umden Parish, Fr. Joakim Principal of St. Joseph HSS, teachers and students.
However, the woman was taken to the nearest hospital for further treatment.
The Meghalaya High Court today announced that the Municipal Department will clean up the garbage from the market places. within this week.
He also suggested to the MLA that he cannot bring up this issue in other ways than the Bill.
Nongstoiñ: 7Wasa from Jaintia Hills today will play against Eleven Brother in the 2nd Invitational Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the New Nongstoin Sport Social Cultural Club (NNSSCC). .
He said that the official campaign will start tomorrow 28th from his residence in Jowai and invites everyone to attend the campaign.
Recruitment of members: On the other hand, the VPP is currently in progress with the recruitment of members across the State especially in those constituencies where the party did not field candidates in the last elections.
The owner of the coal cannot accept the coal or the money from the government's auction of the coal.
Jowai, Naitung 22: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held on Saturday at Kiang Nangbah Stangi Stadium. Jowai.
The victory of the UDP in these two constituencies is like a seed.
He said that these foreigners have also raised livestock and have released their livestock and these livestock have gone to damage the agriculture of the villagers and now another one has emerged. “It's a matter of concern for the people and it's afraid for women and children to walk on the road because they have been harassed from time to time and there are cases where women have escaped being raped,” said the statement. .
She is about 48-50 years old and is waiting for identification and employment by her relatives or anyone related to her.
In a letter signed by Wansted Syiemlieh, he promised to pay the money on 9th March, 2015 but when Bah Rani went to the MUDA office, he did not attend. Faithful.
On the other hand, Bah Bantei Syiemiong, said that the Syiemiong Kur has requested an explanation on the statement issued on 29th November 2019 which said “After hundreds of years, the Syiemlieh Kur The Hima Nongspung and the statement by Bah A.Siemlieh on 1st July 2019 congratulating the Syiemlieh Nongspung Kur resident in Shillong on the KHADC.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: After the counting of votes held yesterday and according to the Exit Polls or surveys conducted by the National News Channels, Meghalaya will get a coalition government this term. Many of the people have asked how the synrop lang will come.
“The mid-term elections to the KHADC and JHADC are under preparation by the government and will be announced soon,” he said.
This shows the determination of the Central Government under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to assist the people of the four states affected by these natural disasters.
“Through the introduction of freight tracking, the time required to unload goods at the port in Visakhapatnam has reduced from 32.4 days in 2015 to 5.3 days,” the report said. in the year
Call 80147 42583 after 7PM or email rupangnews@gmail.com.
It was also agreed to collaborate with the Council and the State Government to implement a Scholarship for those who do research on the uniqueness of culture.
To curb the spread of coronavirus, the Diocese of Jowai has suspended all public services including the Lynti Diengphna service on Thursday, small Masses, seminars and house services until 31st October. (March) 2020.
Nandy won the title of Miss India Global 2020 which was held on 23rd November 2020 in Goa.
According to sources, police seized the vehicle at 3:30 pm at Umran and during the search of the vehicle and the body, they seized heroin. There are about 66 grams and 34 thousand coins.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by the President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District, Bah BB Makdoh as the chief guest. Ri Bhoi, Secretary Nongpoh Town Committee, Rangbah Shnong and elders.
Because God doesn't look like a man.
Regarding the education department, the government has struggled to improve government schools from primary to higher secondary level. .
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the reason for the withdrawal of the old budget for the construction of this gate is because the state government has The government has allocated another fund for the construction of an entry point to the state.
Vice President – ​​Je Chyrmang 3.
According to information received, the sudden illness of these four persons, occurred after they had finished eating dinner on the night of July Bamja and Titus were seriously ill and had to be taken to hospital.
Ecclesiastes 3:14.
There are still many issues that we will take forward and we will do the same no matter what people say.
He said that through the public announcement of the Muga Mission, the production of ksai muka in the state will increase significantly in the next five years with an allocation of Rs 130 crore from the Government.
It is to be recalled that a vehicle was hit by rocks on the night of June 14 due to a landslide.
“We want the Secretary and Chairman of the HNLC to attend the next talks,” he said.
When my mother woke up from sleep, she wondered why Rida had turned so stupid.
He said that the forced passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 on the 8th is an act of violence against the people of the area.
“As soon as the new Government comes to Delhi, the party is ready to implement the demand of the Government to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India,” he said.
The State Government in April this year held a Sohtrun Festival in Delhi which was held at Dilli Haat where the people of Nongnah and other States, people from other countries participated. praised the purity of sohtrun produced in Meghalaya.
“The way forward to end this confusion according to our opinion is that the VC should withdraw the notification and suspend the NEP from the current reading and proceed accordingly. the old way.
The High Court has directed the CBI to send its report on the letter within 15 days.
The eye wanted to sleep too much, but when fear ruled it did not dare to yield.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, has briefed the Governor on the status and enforcement of laws and regulations in the district.
The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi, Shillong, has convened an emergency meeting of the Executive Committee on 24th June 2023 to discuss the tragic incident caused by the fire. The old missionary buildings were destroyed on the morning of 21st June
“We will implement this Act as soon as the rules laid down to curb the spread of COVID-19 become more stringent,” he said.
The NPP has been hoping to win many MLAs from Garo Hills under the leadership of MP Conrad K Sangma, who is also the son of Purno A Sangma.
Even after the District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District, the residents of Khliehtyrchi on Thursday night protested against the plan to break into seven garbage trucks of the Jowai Municipal Board. truck to dump garbage at Thomas Jones Road, Jowai.
A.Pohshna President JSGTCA, Jowai, D.Kharkongor President ITD&OA, Shillong and several members of the two organizations. Shillong-Jowai and Jowai Shillong fares from 250/- tyngka each to 200/- tyngka each.
He said that as of now, the people have started to understand the issues that he has gone to explain to all the villages that have affected them.
Hek said that if the freight railway to Shillong comes, it will bring economic growth to the state and Meghalaya will increase in income.
It removes the closeness to the real world.
The Rangbah Shnong, after being shot by the foreigner, has lodged a complaint with the Pynursla Police Station.
This Lym pung of the Khasi and Jaintia people who are still in the traditional religion was welcomed by the Seng Khasi Diengiei Nongthliew Pyllun.
There were many explanations in this article and a discussion by Pastor Snaitang and those who attended the seminar were also allowed to discuss according to the explanation of Pastor Snaitang and there were many participants on the subject. this is the phang.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, said that police are continuing the search operation at Chowdhury's residence and the seizure of his belongings is ongoing.
Media reports said that the HSPDP leaders from West Khasi Hills also had the intention to appoint Bah Ardent as the leader and said that there was no difference within the party. their.
The DC of East Jaintia Hills District has summoned six villages of Wah Lukha Association to appear before the Public Hearing on 19th March.
Students of Abhiruchi Institute of Physical Education, Guwahati 27.
Therefore, the RKSF urges the contractor who has been appointed to implement this project to strive to expedite the construction so that it will be safe for the people.
We see that it has become stronger and stronger as the days go by.
In East Jaintia Hills District, there are 128 cases and 128 of them are still in critical condition, 54 have recovered and no deaths have been reported.
These employees demanded that the government should restore their jobs and recognize them with their salaries as government employees.
In reply, KM Momin, Joint Director of Tourism and Public Information Officer, Directorate of Tourism, said that the department does not know how many days the actresses and actors have stayed in the film. Shillong and did not know where they lived, what they ate and drank. The department replied that it did not know about the shooting of Rock On 2 in Laitlum or how many days they spent there.
This quota for women in the Legislative Assembly will come into force after the restructuring of the constituencies and any constituencies that should be led by women should be replaced when the time comes for the restructuring of the constituencies.
Vitamin B12 found in red meat is essential for proper brain function.
He is a man who hates corruption.
Jowai, July 23: The CEC of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) today decided to call a night curfew for three nights on the nights of 26th, 27th and 28th of this month. month, which will start at 7 pm and end at 5 pm, as a sign of protest against the Government's silence on the three demands of the Union for the death of u paid inhabitants throughout the Jaintia Hills.
A wreath laying ceremony was also held in front of the monuments of the heroes of the state.
“These volunteers will be involved in the villages with various self-help-group programs to expedite and facilitate the delivery of the schemes,” he said.
“Before eating the niangphlang, it is cleaned by rubbing it like a sohphlang to clean the treng and then sdieh sa shet,” said one of the niangphlang sellers.
Sangma, Head Teacher, Rongreng Baiza Govt.
We have made it clear that it would have been better not to implement it because it affects our feelings and especially the church leaders, especially the society where we cannot see the good or maybe it will. “It has affected the social and morality of the state,” said Bah Pangniang.
“The United Kingdom, the United States, Russia, the United Arab Emirates and Canada are among the 28 countries in the world where the T.78 crore was seized. Jyotipriya Singh, Deputy Commissioner of Police (Cyber ​​and Economic Offenses Wing), said:
The Ministry of Justice said 218 people have been confirmed infected with the disease from 57 prisons in England and Wales.
So it is time for parents not to hide their children's weaknesses.
After the residents complained to the Umkiang Village Leaders, regarding the damage or flooding of the Umkiang PHC. There is a lack of accommodation in this PHC where the accommodation of the patients is flooded and this causes the patients especially the pregnant women to face problems and unfortunately even the residence of the doctors is flooded.
.........................( The dang continue ).
Anna, 77, is strongly opposed to the government's decision to amend the Land Acquisition Act.
In the tie breaker, the goalkeeper of Nongkhroh SC won the match by 5 to 4 goals and advanced to the final.
The road from Polo to Saw Furlong will start from 6th November
According to Assam Police, sufficient evidence and details about the exchange of money between Ali and Momin led to the arrest of the DTO on the 13th of this month.
I'm going to go to the house of (L) A Rymbai.
Speaking on the preparations for the MDC elections in 2024, Bah Pynïaid said that the ruling NPP in the State Government and KHADC will not be afraid of the Voice of the People Party (VPP). Because he is from West Bengal, he is afraid only of the Khasi.
The next match of the tournament will be on the 3rd of this month where MLT FT will face Nongdaju at 1:00 pm. 30 days in the same field.
The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) sends its condolences to the family members of the deceased.
Tomi Lamare scored the goals for Nonglatem SC in the 16th minute, Living Suja four in the 22nd, 52nd, 54th and 60th minutes. for 30 minutes.
The three-day festival was filled with various activities, training from the Word of God and seminars.
“We will protest until they repeal this Bill, we will not rest.
The Meteorological Department has warned that today, there will be heavy rainfall in parts of the state.
Khliehriat, March 29: The President of the Jaintia National Council (JNC), Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh, on Tuesday expressed his surprise and opposition to the remarks of the MLA of Khliehriat who is also a Minister of State. , Kyrmen Shylla on the issue of the government's plan to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District, the Minister said that it is not yet the time to judge. ).
Shillong, Naitung 3 : The Geological Survey of India (GSI) has found that the government's plan to build a bridge over the Umiam Dam has found that it is not suitable for the construction of a bridge. The government has sent another inspection to the GSI to build the bridge for the construction of the dam.
The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will soon take steps to implement the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) KHADC to Mr. Titosstarwell Chyne.
Speaking to reporters after the celebration of the 7th Anniversary of the Seng, Kong Biolin, who sells in Khyndailad, said that the state government's failure to implement the laws of the central government, They allow foreigners to come and live at will and on their part they have no authority because they are only vendors.
“I kind of remembered the old days during the lockdown.
Until the coal is available, the cost is estimated at tens of lakhs of rupees.
This action of the BSF against Bah Ronning is a violation of human rights.
Jamshaphrang Sun of Mynken Christian Higher Secondary School won the Best Goal Keeper title in the U-14 category and Charmbor K Sawian of Evershine won the title of Best Goal Keeper in the U-17 category. In the U-17 category, Ribansi Jamu won the title.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 78 including 8 recoveries today.
The SP of North Garo Hills, Arabham T Sangma, said that the perpetrator was arrested immediately and the investigation is ongoing to find out the truth.
Speaking to the players, the CM said, “My purpose is to come to spend time with you and to congratulate all those who have been selected.
He admitted that in the old EC led by him, it had been able to block the government's plan to forcibly implement the Community Participation Bill, the holding of the Monolith Festival, and the creation of the Village. Administration Bill among others.
He said that the preparations for the MDC elections have already progressed.
The issues in relations with the Nepalis and the Assam police will be resolved later.
However, what is surprising is that the rich parties like the BJP, TMC and others are still able to advertise in newspapers and social media until the last day of the election campaign, and that too by sending a full page. until the space of paid readers has been stolen from their front page.
“If you want a strong EC in the district council or a strong government in the state, choose only one party,” said Ardent. Choose only one KHNAM, HSPDP or UDP and if you want the biggest parties choose only one Congress or BJP. “If you elect the KHNAM, the people will applaud. He said that the HSPDP will be elected. There will be a lot of shouting and applause. Ardent said that the UDP has been elected by the people.
The match between the two teams will start at 1:30 PM at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium and it is expected that the pre quarter final match will be very interesting.
Their hard work to reach the top is something that many people don't see.
“In the meeting with the Minister of Railways, I told him that there are objections and without listening to the feelings of many churches it is not right for us to act by force,” he said. .
It is true that sending written notes to students is appropriate but it is not easy for students to write when they do not receive proper training as the NSUI strongly opposes the online examination, according to the directive of the The UGC has decided that the examinations should be held after November.
“If the people lose confidence in this largest hospital in the North East, the blame will be on the government which has not taken responsibility,” he said.
Doctors from Nongstoin Civil Hospital and Mairang Civil Hospital also attended the programme.
The closing ceremony of the Silver Jubilee was held on Sunday 13th November with a public service which started at 10.30 a.
Kenedy explained that the reason why the government has decided to use ethanol in fuel is that ethanol reduces the emission of smoke from vehicles.
While the clothes vendors were clearing the Motphran Bridge, the law enforcement agencies started blocking the entrance to the Motphran Bridge by erecting signs starting from the Synod Complex. It was built with signs from side to side and the height exceeded the height of a human being at the entrance to Motphran.
The people also have a role to play in demanding the renewal of the job allocation.
When asked whether the party will meet with the new government on the ILP, the leader said that the party will not rest and will continue to use its methods, methods and methods on the ILP. it is an issue that has been claimed since 1987.
On the other hand, the MLA urged the people to cooperate from time to time, in order to bring more development schemes in the villages.
The complainant has filed a complaint and demanded that the court should take action on this issue.
Ewanmi Phawa said that the KSU has decided to donate jainkup to some families after seeing the plight of these families.
The presence of many film stars has been a great benefit to the members of SAG/AFTRA and now Steven and Kate have taken the opportunity to donate as much as they can to the event. establish.
He said that nearly 200 km of roads under the PMGSY have been constructed in the last three years and 3.5 lakh people in the rural areas of Meghalaya have received water to their homes.
At the same time, the Vice Chancellor urged the youth of West and East Jaintia Hills to come and study at the College and at the same time he believes that under the leadership of Prof. Henry Lamin , Principal of this College, please contact us.
In the past 15 years, the income of the state for the years 2011-2012 to 2017-2018 has been at the bottom, compared to other states of the country.
That if men turn from their wicked ways, God will hear them from heaven when they pray.
Many Dkhars don't understand how to amend the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Bill of our people because of the jalabi and the kyishipun in the past few days.
:The Khasi song “Jubab” was released last month and features Khasi tyngshop Shanbor Lyngdoh and Ladia Kharlyngdoh.
Choose yourself one that you feel right and agree with.
You have expected a lot of information when it comes to this topic – Self-Employment.
Caspar's story : He is a young man who doesn't have a smile, but he has a bright face.
Shillong, March 19: The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSA) together with the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the Government of Meghalaya will hold a “Sent Off” program to congratulate and encourage the athletes. Meghalaya State Athletes (men and women) who will compete in the National Games, in Goa from 25th March to 9th November,
Speaking to reporters, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said that the Meghalaya government's decision has come to light after he had a meeting with the Union Minister in charge of DONER. Dr. Jitendra Singh during the election of the BJP President in Delhi.
The second death is the soul in eternal hell with the demons, Satan.
He does what he is allowed to do.
Bah Pollstar Khardewsaw from Tiehbah village, about 14 km east of Nongstoin, is still involved in the farming.
MEGHALAYA COVID 19 DAILY UPDATEDATED: 18th October 2020, 2PM.NEW CASES: 104EKH: 61High Risk- 46Jail Road Cluster- 07Rynjah Cluster- 04Golflink Clister- 02prester -Mawk-Elu1GH Cluster: - 18Health Worker- 01Police Personnel- 01WGH: 13High Risk- 08Returnee- 01Screening Purpose- 04RBD: 08High Risk- 07Returnee- 01SWGH: 02Mahendraganj Cluster- 02EJH: 01High Risk- 01NGH: 01High Risk- 01.
Recently, on his return from Delhi, Bah Pynshngain, who is also the CEM of KHADC, said that the AICC leaders should not listen only to the people in the government which means the number of MLAs to but it should listen to the voice of the people of the state.
Therefore, the HYC has done its utmost to talk to the Minister regarding the shortage of school fees.
Earlier, the Home Minister, Amit Shah, urged everyone to work together to end the conflict which has lasted for more than three months in Manipur.
Meanwhile, the bowlers of RB Anupchand School beat Laban's skilled batsmen, Deep Raj who took two wickets and Rohan who took one wicket.
However, on Thursday night, another child came forward to lodge a complaint against the man alleging that he raped her.
Shillong, March 18: U Purno Agitok Sangma, has shown his intelligence in the politics of the state by sending the name of his son, Conrad Sangma. , if you approve, as an MDC you will be appointed by the Lat of the State.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has supported the demand for Garoland State, but has warned against affecting the Khasi land.
Speaking as the Chairman, Dr. D. Vijay Kumar, IAS, Commissioner Sports, GoM, congratulated the Shooting Association of Meghalaya on the resumption of the championship after a year of closure due to the coronavirus. put everyone in the world in a great deal of trouble.
Nongpoh: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Chief Executive Member (KHADC) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that He was surprised to learn that the Khaii pateng business in that area had been destroyed or taken over by foreigners.
The match between Rymbai Shkenshynriah and Moolamanoh ended 2-2 on artificial turf at Diengshynrum.
He also admitted that she asked him to share her videos with his schoolmates and that she visited their home several times, but he said he didn't. I haven't shared any of my videos with my friends.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: Shillong Lajong have moved up to third place in the I-League table this season after beating TRAU-FC on Saturday. of the past month.
According to Harvard Medical School, the best thinking is linked to physical and mental health.
The Dy.CM has misled the Railway in the House and the Hindi of the Governor is also insufficient according to Art 348 of the Constitution.
The World Bank, in its 2023 Logistics Performance Index (LPI) report, has acknowledged India's progress in improving the efficiency of logistics.
– It is the idea of ​​Otto von Guericke (1650), Benjamin Franklin (1752), Thomas Alva Edison (1879), tt.
Throughout our lives we work in that way to love others and to receive love from others.
We are pleased to clarify that the late Prof Martin N Majaw has been appointed as the Convenor and Joint Secretary of the All Party Hill Leaders Conference (APHLC) in the Hill State struggle. She took three years unpaid leave from St Anthony's College, Shillong and when she decided to contest the MLA election in 1972 she resigned from the post of teacher at St Anthony's College.
As part of his efforts to bring about unity in the opposition, Kumar held talks not only with Congress leaders like Uddhav Thackeray and Sharad Pawar but also with Congress leaders. as the Chief Minister of Telangana, K Chandrashekar Rao.
:The Khasi song “Baieit” has been released on the 7th of November,
This was revealed by the report of the recently released survey titled 'Situation Assessment of Agricultural Households in Rural India,
In the 3rd Division, Khliehmyntriang SC and Lummyrli SC have reached the quarter final after winning the pre-quarter final.
In the month of June 2022 alone, the BSF of Meghalaya Frontier have seized 450 smuggled cows.
The statement said that the Supreme Court has upheld that India is a country without discrimination and for this reason the Constitution of India is strong but SR Sen has followed it. The RSS is the Hindu Rashtra, the statement said.
The High Way Patrok Vehicles will be launched by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma at 4:30 pm from the Police Headquarters.
Some darkness that we must eradicate immediately (those things which I have already written in “Syrwet ban sa jah noh” I will not write here).
We must not believe and accept at all the idea that the State needs to be ruled by a political party that is red or has the shap of a hand, otherwise we will not get our rights and freedoms. your friend.
After the victory, Aryna could face Maria Sakkari or Irina-Camelia Begu, as she is still fighting for her return to the final of the tournament.
Several of us have written to the Chief Minister to express our opposition to the recommendation of the State Government to the higher authorities but it all depends on the action of the Leaders, Dorbar Shnongs and paid bah to express their opposition to the State Government and perhaps even to the Government of India so that our customs and traditions will continue to exist in accordance with the purpose of the Sixth Scheduled.
Sangma said many of the people who complain that there is too much expenditure, while the salaries of teachers cannot be paid, but the government cannot take the budget from the Tourism Department and give it to the teachers. The Ministry of Education, because in the future, all these two departments will be in trouble.
The short film titled 'Phikir' was launched by the Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad on Tuesday at his office in Nongpoh on the Youtube Channel titled 'Phikir' LS Syiemlieh Production'The film was also attended by prominent tyngshops of the state, including Bah Rijied Khymdeit, Bah Lansius Syiemlieh and Police Officers of Ri Bhoi District. film as part of the efforts to explain to the public on the rules and regulations applied for driving vehicles whether private or public vehicles.
Regarding the Tura Medical College which is under construction and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will take a decision regarding the operation of the Tura Medical College from the recruitment of teachers through PPP through the agreement with medical colleges. who appear to operate a medical school.
At this meeting, he said that the government is now ready to improve the road from Umsaw to Mawmaram and once completed, the Umsaw-Mawmaram road will help to facilitate the traffic from Assam to Sohra.
Seeing the anger of the people, the people who had planned to hold the election of Rangbah Shnong, could not refuse to cancel the election of Rangbah Shnong and decided to hold the election of Rangbah Shnong. shall fall under the jurisdiction of the Raid and shall be a village without a Rangbah Shnong.
Imphal: Those who migrated to Manipur after 1961 will be expelled, said Biren Singh, Chief Minister of Manipur.
“What remains now is up to the National President and the leaders how to decide,” said the newspapers, adding that the party also wants to decide as soon as possible on this issue so that those who The elected candidates will be able to prepare for the election.
The Municipal has issued a notice that from today, the vendors must fill up the application forms and it will end on the 19th and after that, the eligible candidates will be selected and considered.
Speakers included JU Kharpuri, S Pyrtuh, KSU West Jaintia President Laitphar Syngkrem, Assistant Education Secretary CEC Richard Malngiang, KSU CEC Sonstar Nongkhlaw and others. Encourage children and youth to continue to work hard in higher education.
The Secretary of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has informed the employees of the JHADC that they are planning to hold a three-day strike on the 22nd of this month. moon.
At this meeting, it was decided to demand from the government to increase the salary according to the working methods equal to other employees.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah HG Lyngdoh said that all the family members of Bah Boris were involved in the burial of Bah Boris.
However, another problem and delay in some Deficit Schools especially Upper/Secondary/Higher Secondary Schools is the shortage of teachers to teach in various subjects which the Government has suspended the appointment. I have been with them for many years now.
The shot in Mei ne.
Cyclone Titli has struck the coast of Odisha at 6.15 am today with a speed of 126 kilometers per hour.
He said that they have met with the Governor to submit a petition on the Clan Administration Bill, in which the KHADC wants to register all the clans with more than 5,000 clans. don't have a group.
He said the district administration has already discussed with the Guinness World Record Authorities to include this tree in the World Record and is now waiting for their opinion on this.
Speaking to media, KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that the vacancies at the hospital are in Grade B, C and it creates problems for the youth because they have to leave early. for days just to write the examination because the examination centers are not far away.
Director of the Meghalaya Administrative Institute, Bah K.Blah, Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya Health Advisory Board, Bah PB Warnongbri, Asst.Director (DSYA), Bah John F Kharshiing, President of SAM and Vice President of NRAI, Bah K.Wariri, General Secretary of All Meghalaya Karate Association and others.
“Immediately, a search was conducted for the missing person within the boundary of Cantonment Beat House and in the surrounding areas but no trace was found.
At present, people suffer from various diseases and the number of patients in hospitals is inexplicable, all four seasons.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong said that on the 20th of November, the Shnong went to close down the factory on the grounds that the management has not been able to control its own employees.
The tournament was also held at the NDSA Nongpyndeng Stadium with 16 teams in the boys' category and four in the women's category.
She said the Meghalaya Rural Development Organization (MRDO) needs to conduct an investigation whether it is a society registered under the Meghalaya Societies Registration Act 1983 such as registration numbers, names of members and signature, place of employment, appointment letter.
The prizes were awarded by the Chief Guest Finely Pariat, in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, WJDSA Hon. General Secretary Lammat-oo Laloo, Members of the Association and others. you are welcome.
The polling in Mizoram will be held tomorrow.
On 30th November this year, the AITC through its spokesperson Saket Gokhale alleged that in 2018 IIT Guwahati has called a tender for the construction of 160 F-Type quarter houses.
The IV UUP Invitation Football Tournament 2023 was organized by UMKOR URKSEW PYNURSLA SPORTS CLUB (UUP SC) which is one of the oldest clubs in the Riwar Mihngi Pynursla region. Pursue.
It is worth mentioning that on Tuesday, people found the head of the rangbah near the Umiam Pond and on that day, they did not find any other parts of the body. but yesterday, they found the body buried near the pond and the hand which was lying on the surface of the water.
Dear parents, here we learn how to know whether our children are using drugs or not, which I would like to discuss with you.
“In fact, we have been here for more than two hundred years, which has made us the residents to write in the history of the country and when it comes to culture, we too are the indigenous people,” said Gurjit Singh. .
The woman said she has been left alone and does not know what to do about this incident but she hopes that the truth will come out where justice will stand.
Shillong: The NPP, which is also the EC in KHADC, has left the UDA and formed the KHDF after dissolving the UDP-led EC. The Government of Meghalaya, Kong Am pareen Lyngdoh today said that the Government has not banned the consumption of fish, but has ordered the public to be vigilant after the discovery of formalin. health and this is not meant to shut down anyone’s business.
The Muslim Khar has been working as a cook in Pohkseh, Shillong, Meghalaya near the residence of the Khasi girl for about 10 months.
