Speaking to Rupang, the General Secretary of the party, Bah Witting Mawsor, who is also the MLA of Mawshynrut constituency, said that the law department of the government should have known in advance what would happen through the signs. In Mizoram, Jharkhand and Assam, Witting said the court has appointed MLAs who have already appeared in other states.
If we all work together, we hope to overcome Covid-1
The program was conducted in 12 districts starting in October, 2022 and was funded by the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya and supported by the State Education Mission Authority Meghalaya. (SEMAM) has also been awarded to AVENUES to conduct the programs in which 14 schools in South West Khasi Hills District have participated including Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
The present membership numbers about 4,00,000 baptized members and about 2,00,000 unbaptized members.
Therefore, the Chief Minister has requested these members of the House who are trying to mislead the people to do the right thing.
“The Government wants to bring lasting peace and continues to say that the Government is ready to hold talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) within the Constitution of India and in accordance with the rules and regulations. laid down by the Ministry of Defense Affairs of the Government of India.
On the one hand, despite the call for a movement throughout by opposition political parties, nevertheless it was seen that it had little effect on the labor market, transportation, government offices and everything runs as usual.
We need to spread the idea of ​​getting the full support of the government especially in order to raise the reputation of the State through our health services.
“As I have said from time to time, the policy of the government is not to turn back, so that call for talks will have no meaning,” said Lahkmen.
The purpose of Article 371 is very different,” said Singh.
From Mawlai Nonglum to 9 roads, it took about 100 hours.
Shillong: U Bah Kentli Tangsang, Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat together with Melajied Khongbuh, Asst Public Secretary KSU Nongtyngur Unit and Bah Hillstar Ïawbor, Chairman of Raid Madan Kynjat Lyngkhat, one of the most famous sports grounds near Bangladesh, has been visited once again.
Speaking on the occasion, LG Nongsiej MDC Nongstoiñ said that if the people allow and if the PDF comes to power, we will be able to abolish the illegal laws introduced by the Congress government. We shall remove these illegal laws by passing them in the Legislative Assembly of the State.
Shillong, Lber 31 : The U-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) on Thursday was canceled due to heavy rain. PFR FT Academy and Mylliem Grass Root.
“That young man is a small man and dressed in a blue dress. Mother, don't be like these children today who are empty-headed with stupid thoughts but riding a horse without a brain.
At present, there are many government employees who are Rangbah Shnong.
SHILLONG, July 21: In a surprising incident, the Executive Member of SHILLONG, Bah Lampham Blah, today said that the company has collected T.5 spah from the gate which has 15 employees.
Isawanda Laloo, Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya and Daniel Thangkhiew, Officer on Special Duty of the The Chief Minister, Bah Finely L Pariat and members of the Bouncer Association of Meghalaya, members of the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association and others were invited.
The TMC, CPI and AAP on Tuesday announced that they will not attend the opening ceremony of the new Parliament on 28th June. The Congress party will join hands with them.
Shillong: Meghalaya became the first team to qualify for the final of the U-16 Boys' Vijay Merchant Trophy after beating Nagaland by 72 runs in the first leg of the tournament. The match was held on Friday in Bhubaneswar.
It is important because it protects us from many diseases like Dengue, Typhoid, Hepatitis and other diseases spread by exposure to mosquitoes.
The college is named after the late Bah HDR Lyngdoh and the class for the first students was admitted on the 21st of November this year.
Prizes were also awarded to the elderly who came to participate in this race – those who are over 50 years old – and this was awarded to Bah Badon Singh Tham who won the race. and he was the first among the men.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the Government has already appointed a Mission Director to ensure that the provision of housing to the residents of the state is completed on time.
Shillong, Jymmang 24 : All the government schemes and development works that have not reached the people should not come without any request or follow-up from the government, said the MLA of Mylliem who is also the Minister of Soil. and Water Conservation, Bah Hamlet Dohling at the training and assistance meeting for the farmers of Mylliem area held on Tuesday at Mylliem.
He also said that the developing democratic systems in different parts of the world have their roots in the Indian democratic system.
The election is the time to elect the leaders or advocates for the country and the nation.
However, ours have many excuses, some say they have forgotten, some say they are too busy.
God said, “I am the God of your father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob”.
In this match, Rangdajied showed their skills by scoring the first goal in just 15 seconds through Ores.
Lumdiengjri Area: NO ENTRY: From District Council to MES and heavy vehicles will be allowed only if the road is open, from Trenching Ground to Round Building Jhalupara, Kyrbom to Mawbah, Rynjah 2, from Lumshngain to Rynjah Dispensary, from Lumsohphoh to Iew Nongmensong Main Area: NO ENTRY: from Garoline to Ram Krishna Mission and in front of P.S, in front of P.S to Puja Pandal, from Fire Brigade to Puja Pandal, from Law Road College to Main , from New Colony to Puja Pandal.
The nine institutions affiliated with the Foundation are PIRM Engineering College, PRRM Engineering College, Raja Mahindra College of Engineering, KS Raju Engineering College, Samskriti Engineering College, BSIT Engineering College, Turco Missionary Institute of Technology and MNR. Group of Institution.
Turkish forces last night pounded roads, which are key Kurdish transport routes and transportation facilities for food and beverages, and shelling continued last night in The city of Ras al-Ain, where Turkish troops have been fighting in the area.
The sound of the rben ksai guitar in the song is played by Bah Nah.
Who authorizes those policemen to stand on the streets in the middle of the night to collect money? If the police are there to ensure that traffic jams are reduced on the night of the rain, no one will be disappointed.
Shillong, July 04 : Meghalaya has sent its request to more than 61 villages in the Langpih Sector, which are part of the seven border areas pending to be resolved with the Langpih Sector. Assam.
During this month, export revenue rose 4.9% from revenues and domestic jobs (including imports) rose 0.5% from these same sources over the same month in the the dep.
It contains vitamins A, B, and C and minerals.
Men's Single Open Mebanker Shullai beat Gregory Passah 21-12, 21-9
Sardor Jakhonov scored the second goal in the 12th minute and Ningthoujam Pritam Singh in the 87th minute.
Besides keeping it hidden from public view, it is also necessary to keep it clean because the meat attracts insects and kip water from the road and turns bih even before selling, said the court. Thank you and Judge W.
Besides, Bah Sniawbhalang said that the two border committees have not yet taken any decision on the give and take policy.
Jowai, Nailur 28: U Stephanson Mukhim, MDC of War East, today resigned from the post of MDC of JHADC. to resign as MDC after the passage of the Bill introduced in the Legislative Assembly in the last session.
The first goal came after Wanshan Dkhar passed the ball to Andy, who managed to slam the ball into the net, without allowing Nongthymmai goalkeeper Senapati Mandal to score. protect the ball.
Schools are another source of development for a person in terms of lifestyle and morality.
Shivakumar told reporters, “There is nothing lasting in politics.
We have to hope that in this age of the rich and the rulers who are merchants will emerge who will speak without hesitation on the truths and issues affecting the state and the residents.
Ym do don't want to come.
Since the demolition of the building, no one has come to inspect the building from the District authorities of Ri-Bhoi, except the Officer Incharge of Mawlasnai Outpost.
She was also charged with robbery and kidnapping.
In my daily journey, I went to the market or to other places in the country.
Therefore, we see how many dozens of such people have received children's rights, land rights, house rights, international rights and wives and other rights that cannot be mentioned here. only by speaking the word state without limits.
The house of Michael Warjri, Secretary, Nongspung Hima, was severely damaged by robbers on Tuesday, and Michael was arrested by the Assam police.
Pastor Ïashanborlang said that the song has been prepared since 2011 and contains 13 songs written in Khasi which can be downloaded from YouTube, Spotify and iTunes. .
The decision of the Supreme Court will further make it difficult for the liquor vendors in the country and in the state.
It also shows the suffering of the landless people in the state.
Locally designed and manufactured Sugamya trees for the visually impaired are part of the Atma Nirbhar Bharat Campaign.
This decision was taken at the Cabinet meeting chaired by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today.
The village leaders and the Seng Samla leaders decided to cancel the meeting and call it back after the Independence Day celebrations. .
Bah Syiemiong was 78 years old and is survived by his wife, four sons and a daughter.
It was also witnessed that the roads, ground floors of houses and farmland were covered by the cold.
Job opportunities for AT in jobs related to people with disabilities are many and the number of start-ups and new designers looking after these jobs is increasing as the days go by.
This is the parish with the largest number of non-Khasi Catholics, about 12,0
“We know that there is a law that does not prohibit the election of any party to the district council.
Recalling the work of Bah RV Warjri in European countries, he immediately said, 'The Revolution of the West has risen with the spirit of the art movement. which was filled with the strength and selflessness of the poets, the poets, the poets and the poets.
The government promises to help the people: but it only provides ration and petrol.
Shillong, March 16 : The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya Minister AL Hek today said that he is ready to contest the Lok Sabha MP election 2024 if the party is able to give him a ticket.
He said that the chargesheet will be filed in the 2023 elections.
The new price will be increased from July
D Khonglah, Advisor, DMR Dawki Check Gate, has condemned the act of Inspector DMR Dawki Check Gate, which has disrupted the trade of property. Passah is not at his workplace. His absence as the officer in charge of the challans of the vehicles that are supposed to unload goods to Bangladesh has caused traffic jams throughout the day. it causes loss to the government.
“Their claim that the appointment of those investigating officers is illegal is so that their investigation will not be viable before the law,” he said.
Replying to the allegation that the VC has decided alone without the approval of the Academic Council of NEHU, Prof Shukla said that to decide to implement the NEP does not require the approval of the Academic Council.
Therefore, the players decided to leave the field as a sign of protest.
There are now 31,67,323 confirmed cases.
As part of its objective to put Meghalaya on the global IT/ITES map, the company will invest in the development of an eco-system of industry-ready BPOs with skilled talent.
The Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam held a meeting on the 24th.
He said that the state government's approval to use Khasi and Garo as additional languages ​​in 2005 is also to encourage MLAs to speak in their own language in the House, but many do not want to. They speak only because they are ashamed and another is that the people will insult the MLA if he speaks Khasi in the House, saying that he does not know how to speak English but this should not be so.
Because if any organization has principles that do not agree with my principles, it is very difficult.
One of the residents, Ilit Paz, speaking to reporters, said, “It was a very wise decision and my husband was one of the helpers and protected from the deaths. in this village.
He said the Damsait Bridge needs to be rebuilt and the Central Government has included the Damsite Bridge to be repaired soon.
“Traditional foods also provide that balance diet or enough food to build the body,” said Kong Lasanki Mallang.
Dolloi Puramon Kynjing, while explaining about the occasion, said that the presence of the Law Kyntang Law Langdoh is a great blessing to mankind. Therefore, to preserve and maintain their sanctity is necessary from time to time and especially on this day Thoh Langdoh, which is the day of It has been decreed that it is not permissible to do any work which is against the law of religion.
However, as soon as the arrangements were completed, Hoobastank came back on stage and ended the concert with four songs including the song “Reason”, which impressed the audience.
This will be the first visit of BJP leader Shah to the city since he took over as party leader in recent months.
The Pnar word "jhia" here is more sweet to that tungrymbai and perhaps it would be less sweet if it were replaced by the Khynriam word 'la shet sat bha'
However, as a soldier on the battlefield, he cannot surrender himself peacefully before the enemy without a fight, even if blood is shed, but to be defeated by the enemy is still a fight. , therefore, let the people of the state take part in this fight against Covid 19, to take responsibility for themselves to follow the rules and regulations. After this, to take part in the preaching and invite their relatives, friends, neighbours, to follow the rules and regulations.
However, he said that the government's donation is because they believe that education is the most important and for that reason they have agreed to this demand.
But now all these things have changed.
After the counting of votes held today, NOTA has received 10,960 votes which shows that there are 10,960 votes against any of the candidates. children in this election.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today warned those who are under quarantine not to violate the 28 days quarantine rules. Anyone who violates the quarantine rules will be punished according to the rules of law.
Shillong: The JSU War Jaintia Circle led by President Eddy Kery Pohtam and General Secretary Kerrydiam Lamin and members of the JSU War Jaintia Circle have immediately met with the Commander of BSF at Dawki BOP Pradeep. Kumar and the Officer Incharge of Dawki Police Station, to discuss and request the Commandant of BSF, to provide assistance on this incident due to the instability in the border villages due to the attack by the people of the area.
At the same time, the UGC said that the university on its website has announced that it has never awarded marksheets or degrees to anyone and has not authorized anyone to work in its name.
“I will investigate any witnesses sent by the Government of Meghalaya,” said Justice (Retd.) Vaiphei.
He said that the HSPDP will continue to think and after the party has discussed, whatever comes out of it will be the best.
How long shall we, the elect, be deceived by false promises? And when the elections are near and those MLAs come back to ask for their support from us, are we ready to ask them for an account of how they have served the constituency?
They wished all the residents of the village a Happy New Year with the hope of good health and blessings in all aspects.
Scott contested the election in 2008 from Jaiaw constituency but lost.
“The Congress is a party that has been destroyed because Process T Sawkmie and Wansuk Syiem, MP Rajya Sabha, demand ILP while Dr Mukul Sangma does not want ILP,” he said.
“We don't want the paradoh parasnam led by Sohan to lose the opportunities that come for the welfare of the people of Garo Hills, because the people want peace and happiness. " said Rimpu.
Speaking to reporters, Dr War said that a student of Cl VI from St. Mary's School has tested positive for Covid-1 NEHU has announced that it will be closed for five days due to the positive case of Covid-19 in one of the employees of the college.
It is also a party that wants to bring about change in the state as a whole and it is also a new party in our state,” she said.
Because since the first discovery of the book, man began to write thoughts, stories, and many moments in them.
He said the government has also received information about the emergence of schools and is preparing how to curb this.
They said why they expelled only one party because many of them left the General Executive Council (GEC) meeting and this is not fair because there are many who left the party but were not expelled.
I will remain in AITC and have no intention of joining any other organisation.
Jowai, March 31: The Waheh Shnongs of Khad Ar Nor, Shangpung District, West Jaintia Hills District, who are in charge of customs and traditions and Khaddar administration since Kulong Kumah, have been shocked by the sudden dismissal of the Executive Committee of Jaintia Hills District. Acting Doloi of Shangpung District Council (JHADC) Mandame Dhar.
Russia on Tuesday threatened to take tougher measures if NATO sends troops to support Ukraine.
God brought the children of Israel from the east and from all the countries where He drove them out.
It is worth mentioning that the members of the group are guilty of various crimes such as kidnapping, murder, robbery and others.
Jena said 205 of the 288 bodies have been identified and some workers have been handed over to their families.
Nongpoh, July 30: With the aim of making it easier for the people of Ri-Bhoi to get Tata vehicles, Frank Motors, the company that operates Tata vehicles in the state, has launched a Tata has opened its office in Nongpoh, Ri-Bhoi District so that the people no longer have to go to Shillong or Guwahati to get Tata vehicles.
Attamchi Sangma (30+2) scored the first goal for East Garo Hills UP Rongjeng to beat South Garo Hills Telekali SSA UP School 1-3 Nenganchi N Sangma (9.49 min) and Cylinda R. Marak (60+2 min) scored the third goal for South Garo Hills.
Shillong: Heavy rain and cold weather have destroyed 86 households in Lapangap village under Thadlaskein Block of West Jaintia Hills District today.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya (FKJGP) on Tuesday said that the statement by the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) should be passed by Parliament is unacceptable. .
She also won the second prize in the Junior Girls Doubles Event at the State Table Tennis Championship 2017 held at Hawakhana Indoor Sports Hall Tura.
More than 35 lakh women have received support from this scheme in Assam every month.
““This time, the election should be about development and not about tricks that make the people see another false accusation against the BJP by selfish people.
Today, there have been 2 deaths from COVID-19 in the State, bringing the death toll to
On Friday, Rangdajied United FC (5 points) will play against Langsning FC (4 points) at 4 pm.
There is a question among the people who is responsible if it happens that Pigrow will affect the health of the people who eat this pig because the department in charge of food has taken action against it. and also the Department of Animal Husbandry has gradually changed to the Department of Food.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, who raised a question, said that the reason why the government has not been able to issue UC has led the government not to release the money that should have been received from the government. project not allocated.
On the next day, they took a bur, crossed the river, and came to Sanghat.
He urged the students not to spend too much time on social media and as students use technology for school purposes for the benefit of education and to avoid friendship with strangers.
The party will hold a special prayer for the Prime Minister and will continue to distribute aid to the people in need.
The Government awarded the project to the Athena Company in
Earlier, police had arrested 12 persons for committing these acts, including drivers of illegal vehicles.
This mistake needs to be corrected and so we have come to support our brothers and sisters.
Regarding the flights (through MBB Airport) to connect India with other countries of the world, the Prime Minister said that the contract has already been awarded to SpiceJet for to connect Agartala with Chittagong in Bangladesh.
It does not mean that just because the elections are over, the people cannot even ask questions of their MLAs.
What is more shocking is that Mukul and his ministers have been sent to New Delhi when the state is in crisis.
Khasi Pnar leaders want only to protect themselves.
The letter, copied by Shlem, states that according to the Analytical Test Report of these two drugs (mentioned above) conducted by the Government Analyst of the Regional Drugs Testing Laboratory, it was found that they were they are not good at all.
The meeting was led by Bah Donkupar Sumer, Advisor of UDP Youth Wing in Ri Bhoi, Bah Sumarlang Swer, President of UDP Youth Wing, Bah BB Nongphlang, Sordar of Raid Mawtari. and other elders of the area.
The Congress has temporarily expelled its members as a sign of understanding to other party members who are against the party's activities, and to prove to the opposition, especially the BJP. , that the differences of opinion within the Congress party cannot prevent the proposal for a new state.
The death toll has now risen to six, while one civilian and the death toll have risen to seven.
Speaking about the sin that led Jesus to the cross, Rev JJM Nichols Roy said, “...If (the Jewish chief priests and elders) spoke the truth, they would say: your heart.
The appointment of the actress as the spokesperson came after she took part in the Met Gala and attracted the attention of many in the dress designed by Prabal Gurubng.
It is also necessary to encourage women to take the lead whether it is from the home or the community, because they too will always have the ability to participate in the activities related to the people whether it is in their homes. The same should be true of villages and townships.
“Some of the areas where Meghalaya does not want to empower the police department to operate according to the rules and regulations, is because the police department of Meghalaya is still Joint Cadre in collaboration with the Assam Police Department”.
The relatives and others who have any connection with the deceased are urged to come and collect the body of the deceased from the morgue of the Civil Hospital, Shillong, within three days. The body was handed over to the Shillong Municipal Board for further investigation.
Those who are now are only a mother and one daughter and in this fire, they have not received anything.
He said that in fact the former government led by Dr Mukul Sangma has had time since 2015, but until 2018 it has not taken action to release coal in the state and there are witnesses to this.
Nongpoh: The number of COVID-19 cases in Ri Bhoi District has increased to 682 cases.
According to a letter issued by the Election Commission, through the Principal Secretary of the Election Commission, Narendra N Butolia, the Election Commission has ordered the transfer and appointment of officers, shall include, according to the directives, to be notified by the Chief Secretary of the State and the DGP, along with detailed information from the departments to be transferred and appointed.
Only Khasi, Garo and Jaintia songs in Khasi, Hindi and English are allowed to participate.
They don’t have to expertly explain our homework.
The Shillong Traffic Police has requested the public to follow the above guidelines for the safety of the pedestrians.
It was shown on youtube yesterday, that the young woman, had spoken harshly and bad words, to the young man, who was sitting next to her, even though there were crew members, who went to fly. crane comforted her.
Speaking on the implementation of the programme, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that these are trainings in the face of difficult tasks in the administration of the Government.
The BDO said that these residents should not vaccinate their children with Measles Rubella vaccination.
“Of course, even in terms of population, the 40:40 quota has deprived the Khasi because the Khasi community is higher paid than the Garo community but the retrospective roster system has put There is a problem with the Khasi youth today because they don't get even the 40% share”.
Nongpoh: A total of 647 SHG groups and 58 VOs have participated in the SHG Mela & Health Camp organized by the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society (BSMC) at Jirang Sports Ground. Jirang village in Western Ri Bhoi.
However, this O.M. dated 10.05.2022, does not take into account that part of the applications that have already been submitted, or take into account the decision of the Supreme Court.
Speaking at the award ceremony of the SSSSP after winning the gold medal in the Kanninjuku National Camp & Shoto Cup Karate Champion 2022 held in Gujarat, the SSSSP said: She said that she will be able to win more medals in the coming days. She said that what she has been able to do since she was 9 years old to win medals is because of her. determination and perseverance during her training.
Laban won the toss and elected to bat first.
He said the decision not to close is the responsibility of the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya so that there will be no suffering to the residents in these areas.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that Behdeiñkhlam has become one of the festivals which has introduced Jaintia Hills and the State to the world and this festival has attracted tourists from all over the world to visit this area. He stressed the need to preserve the culture and customs of the people of the State to showcase to the world the richness of the culture of the people of the State.
It is also heard that four out of the four MLAs have joined the two leading parties to form a coalition government in the state, the NPP and UDP but none of them has yet. I don't know which party I'm going to join.
I love each and every one of my patients.
I have personally visited these places and I have found many errors in the statements of this Notification and which are very confusing.
Once again the forest will be destroyed.
“The question why I didn't go to the cabinet, my goal as an MLA is to complete my work in the cabinet, I have spoken in the cabinet, although I cannot tell you what I have said in the cabinet, because, if I tell, I am breaking my oath of office as a minister," he added.
This was announced by the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla while talking to reporters after the opening of the Executive Committee of KHADC. the various Himas, the Raid chiefs, the Ministers, the Basan, the Lyngdohs and all the chiefs of the Himas should come.
In fact, this officer does not respect the RTI Act (2005), but this officer does not know exactly how RTI works. Through RTI from this department, the names of various schemes in this Block, the names and addresses of the employees of this Block, whether they go through the rules of DSC. The order from the DSC of WJHD is contained in Para 4.2 followed by the office.
During the inspection, the members of the union found that these foreigners have expired trading licenses without renewal.
Speaking to reporters, SP East Khasi Hills M.Kharkrang said that after receiving a complaint, police are investigating the case and have started a search operation at the residence of the woman. Meena Bharaj, wife of Hardayal Singh Bharaj of Rani Building, Happy Valley, Shillong.
During the club's campaign at the Camp Nou, the midfielder has been in the midst of struggles as well as triumphs along the way.
Fear does not allow us to be, grow and live as we should in freedom and spiritual maturity.
Shillong, Lber 7: The Shillong Science Center on the 8th of this month has announced a short program to observe the full moon starting at 5:40 pm at the Shillong Science Centre. , NEHU Campus.
Dozens of people entered the market yesterday and ordered the closure of shops of foreigners.
Shillong, Nailar 30 : After receiving information from the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills, Rosetta Mary Kurbah, IAS, Today 30th July 2023 , the city has announced that it will impose a Section 144 CrPC in the area within 200 meters around the Secretariat, Raj Bhavan and Assembly and this section shall remain in force until further notice.
To demand such rights is not possible, there must be a limit, because it is obvious that to demand the same work, which literature has been holding and has not released for decades.
On the other hand, the Vice Chancellor assured that NEHU will provide all the requirements of the colleges for the successful implementation of the NEP
Jemino said he has lived with the Garo for 50 years and when considered together the Reservation Policy will not affect, but will bring good to the ethnic groups.
Continental Milkcose Ltd has been producing these products for Meghalaya for 20 years and the government will seek a written explanation from the company and the Assam police.
"Dih noh khun ka sha..." said Niakha. After drinking, Rida took them to the cleaning place and cleaned the pela.
:Ready To Take Off, a newly formed group comprising Rinea Reen Sohtun, Rodrigue Jeremiah Sakma, Sebastian Reen Sohtun, Darius Kharumnuid, for the first time, is ready to release the song The first of my songs was called "Want You"
The selection process for the recipients of this award is based on the bravery they have performed to save the lives of their fellow human beings by showing their bravery in many ways.
However, the Pakyong Airport in Sikkim, which was laid the foundation stone in February 2009, was fully operational only in October 2018 at an altitude of 4,646 ft.
Speaking to media, Tynsong said the length of this road on National Highway-6 is about 160 to 170 kilometres.
Not to lose hope, but to have a spirit of competition.
If the 8th Schedule is passed, the Assembly will not be able to speak, because the ruling has been bulldozed by Conrad Sangma.
“I have received seven summons from the police station and the court as well as sent me to appear,” said Bah Sadon.
Unbelievers are already defeated, says the Word.
Shillong: U Bah Marshall Biam today wrote a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma regarding the safe entry of Muslims into the state despite the lockdown. in India.
The meeting was informed by Angela Rangad, leader of the Rangli (Tur) War.
There are 6 groups of 3 members per group to write the census at this place.
Later, the Minister said that there are about 15 schools which have expressed their willingness to cooperate for the transportation of students.
In West Jaintia Hills, the District Magistrate has imposed Section 144 CrPC to combat plastic waste from around the markets. the body of man.
In the Tug of War, Seven Set Annexe HRS School won the men's category and KCC Secondary School, Fire Brigade won the women's category.
The French now say, “The best medicine to kill Coronavirus is to stay at home.
Hamas militants have announced that they will kill captured Israeli soldiers if Israel continues its offensive in Gaza.
He said he withdrew the money from his account number
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday welcomed North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, who arrived in Russia for talks on the delivery of North Korean weapons. to Russia.
The Miss Meghalaya 2019 will be held on the 16th June and the match will continue on the 20th June between Umkrem vs Nongtalang YC at 12 pm and Laitsohphie Pynursla vs Mawshun. Bakur vs. Young Boys at 2.45 pm.
Jowai, March 25: U Modonbai Rymbai, MDC Khliehtyrshi, who was also the CEM of JHADC in 2013-14, has resigned from the Congress party. .
Shillong: There have been 350 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 537 recoveries and 13 deaths.
Clothing shops have started selling blue clothes to attract the young people who go to the market and walk near the shops.
The Seng also met with the EE PWD Bah Dawhoi Langstang to ensure that the contractors build a proper road.
In the final match, both the teams showed their skills and fought hard to win the title.
To promote change of mindset and community participation to accelerate cleanliness activities in rural areas, since 2014 we have celebrated 15 days from 15th November to 2nd March every year. such as Swachhta Sewa (SHS) – cleanliness across the country.
Furthermore, according to a report broadcast by one of the leading British channels, the BBC, Ford will be part of its donation to the engine which has been designed and built. Red Bull Powertrains at its headquarters in Milton Keynes, England.
AIM stands to fight not only in Meghalaya but in all the States of India and around the world.
“I feel that my longevity in the party, the party will look at and our party does not look at relatives or friends to give tickets, but they look at the relationship of the candidate with the people and which candidate is closer and more popular with the people,” said Bah Kharsyntiew.
Even though Bah Raphael Warjri was a young boy, this tragic incident prompted him to investigate the exact appearance of Tirot Sing Syiem.
“The previous MDA government has sent a proposal from 844 adhoc upper primary schools for upgrading to deficit system according to the office order memo No. EDN/172/2006/6 “We have discussed this issue with the Minister to seek his assistance,” said Bah Kenneth.
On the other hand, the Governor said that there will be no impact on these paid residents.
Also present on the occasion was the MLA of the constituency – Shankar Roy.
The SP has urged all tourists who visit the district to carry 'Pla Thep Jaboh' inside their vehicles, so that they can store water bottles, plastic chips and other things that they use, and to throw them away in the right places.
Regarding this, the Umsaw Lumdorbar Village Leaders have already lodged a complaint with the Mawlasnai Police Outpost and the Border Magistrate has come to inspect the border. Assam has been able to complete the signboard erection and the district authorities and the Meghalaya government have not been able to do anything. The Khasi people of Umsaw Lumdorbar have been arrested.
As a researcher, I am filled with respect for her willingness to explain how she started writing Dienshonhi and how hard she worked to complete it.
The house, which is located at Theke Wali Gali, near the District Collector's Office, was closed down after one of the occupants suffered from severe respiratory illness.
The FCI FSD Jowai is one of the warehouses of the rice supplied by the Central Government for the purpose of supplying the food and drink to the entire district. Jowai, Bah Darlet Dkhar gave a briefing on the method of collecting rice from the weighing of trucks, the weight of rice from the truck and the quality of rice before importing into the area. Depot.
“When we elect our leaders, we want them to serve us the people and to take our problems to the Government but we feel that it is useless,” said Bah Shullai.
When he walked around, he found that there were many wild figs and wild figs and he believed that if the Lord allowed them to live here, they would live longer because of the abundance of figs and figs. forest power.
At the start of the match, Gokulam Kerala FC struggled to score.
He said that the arrangements have been made to deliver these essential items and the public has been informed not to buy these items too quickly, as the availability of these items is sufficient in the country. state.
In addition to her profession, Dapalei is also a doting daughter and sister, where she had a soft spot for her family members.
The new bank, known as IDBI Bank, is located opposite the PWD office in Nongstoin.
The Deputy Commissioner said that violation of the order will result in punishment under Section 188 IPC and other laws.
The office was inaugurated by the Director General of Police (DGP) PJP Hanaman in the presence of the Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong and surrounding areas at a meeting chaired by the SP of East Khasi Hills.
“The Prime Minister and the District Council Affairs Department have assured us that the pending Bills will be completed as soon as possible,” said Bah Nongrum after meeting with the Prime Minister.
In particular, the degradation of human dignity and the corruption of the rule of law, the discrimination and discrimination against the poor have been excessive.
“It is a pleasure and encouragement to see many paradoh parasnam to come forward in the list of Top 10 and Top 20 candidates in SSLC and HSSLC and the party congratulates them.
Nongpoh: An elderly man from Ampata village, who tested positive for COVID-19, is now under the care of the Assam government. on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
The UNLF was established in 1964 and has operated inside and outside India.
Various political parties in Arunachal Pradesh have taken to the streets to protest against the BRO's misleading statement against the Defense Ministry.
Shillong, March 02: The SSA SRGT 3rd Division Football League 2023 was held on Monday at the 3rd Ground, MFA Turf Polo.
The Clerk of the Court has presided over and ordered: Lamkynto: Member (77) of the judgment of the Clerk of the Court:- (77) Even if the law clearly states that the promises in the judgment - proposal that cannot be construed as a corrupt practice under Section 123 of the Public Administration Act (RP Act), the fact cannot deny that the distribution of goods that they may deceive all the people, without doubt.
The Committee has directed all the vendors to come out on the 10th June at 2 pm to meet with the market management to arrange for the vendors to be in accordance with the rules and regulations of the market. the COVID-19 pandemic.
Also present on the occasion were DPM Basin Unit Bah Hunlang Blah, President Bah Danosha Tlang and others.
This is the second time that the bank has been robbed in less than a month.
There are countries like Norway, Finland, Sweden and Nepal which are not rich countries, but they are countries that enjoy peace of mind.
To ensure that all, including students from the backward classes, have access to quality education, through a financial assistance of up to T 1 crore, IIM Shillong is supporting students to that no one shall be deprived of his education for lack of money.
Through the availability of Flybig, passengers will not lose their time which they will have to lose about 600000 hours if they travel by train and they will lose about 90,000 hours if they travel by other airlines. Passengers traveling by rail will take 42 hours while flybig will take only 4 hours, while other aircraft will take 7 hours.
He said that although they have been in power for 50 years, every five years they are cheated by the party leaders in the villages with money during the elections to win this or that party.
The explosion destroyed other items in the room, the report said.
Banpynshngain Syngwan won the gold medal in the 50 meter Free Style Men and also won the title of Fastest Swimmer of the MSA. competition.
These statues were displayed in the Durbar Hall of Raj Bhavan and included the Nongkrem dance, the Wangala dance and the statue of Sardar Vallabhai Patel.
“After receiving information through the media that one employee of PHC Pamra-Paithlu has tested positive for Covid-19, we urge the VCMCs of all the villages under the The PHC should assist the Government in collecting information or counting the number of people who are primary or secondary contacts of the employee who has tested positive, so that it can prevent the spread of the disease. There is no evidence of Covid-19 in the region or in the state as a whole,” said the leaders of the party.
After completion of all the requirements, submission to the Treasury Office at DC office Jowai by persons under 50 years of age.
Rovimix (medicine)       0.030                           0.010                                        0.15                              0.0
He said that the Block is one of the most important sectors to improve income especially in the rural areas. “About 80 percent of the development works come through the Block”. “It will help the people to get closer to the working methods of the government,” said the Prime Minister.
Deuteronomy 1:13 Even if the land of Israel, which is about 60-70 percent desert land, is still one. from the richest Countries in the world.
During the programme, there was also an explanation of this training period.
The woman was stabbed in the neck and it is believed that the incident happened after midnight or before 3:00 pm.
Why doesn't witness 4 play the game if you don't have a tied 2 – 3 o'clock in the morning?
It is worth mentioning that in Shadien, there is an MDC Hostel, shops and shops, so the KHADC should have set up a bread place so that the people can bread in a separate place. bread scattered in the field.
Regarding the reconstruction of the NH-6, Tynsong said that recently, he met with the Secretary to the Minister of Road Transport to discuss the deterioration of the highway, especially from Lumshnong to Lumshnong. Well.
It’s easy to calculate the value of stolen property.
Shillong, November 5: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar to express the grievances of the people due to the inability to complete the bridge. The city of Mawniuh is located in Mawsynram-Balat.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2 : The Government of Meghalaya has promised the High Court to seize all the assets of Bah GK Iangrai, a police officer who was arrested on charges of embezzlement of more than Rs 3 crore. The purchase of vehicles from the police department and also from the operation of the NERS PSAP at Sadar PS Complex.
The Supreme Court on Thursday suspended the order of the Meghalaya High Court regarding the implementation of the MoU signed to demarcate the border between Assam and Meghalaya. division of the border and the establishment of boundaries between the two states.
The funeral service will be held on 3.10.22 at 1 pm at the Thadlaboh Cemetery.
The construction of the bridge started on the 25th of June and was completed on the 27th of October in just over a month.
He is also known as the first Khasi publisher of Rodham and the Gospel of Matthew and published them in 1842 and
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has requested time to meet with Home Minister Amit Shah on the day he arrives in Shillong to attend the meeting. The 69th Plenary Session of the NEC will be held on the 23rd of this month.
The JAC also said that the extinguishing of fires in the evening has led to crimes such as theft and others.
Nongpoh, Nailur 04: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has urged the Khasi Students Union (KSU) to continue to serve and protect the people. The KSU Umïam Circle in Ri Bhoi District has renewed its leadership at a meeting held on Saturday at Orchid Umïam in Ri Bhoi District.
This is because knowledge is essential in our lives.
They were conducted at 19 Infiltration Check Posts across the state.
Dr. SU Ahmed, Senior Consultant & Founder, The Retina Centre, said, “As one of the specialized eye hospitals in Northeast India, we are pleased to provide treatment to other people with disabilities. in the face.
Speaking to media, the CEM said that the recommendation of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on the 125th Amendment to the Sixth Schedule.
During these three years, there have been three CEMs starting with Ardent Basaiawmoit of the HSPDP, followed by Adelbert Nongrum of the KHNAM and Pynshngaiñ N Syiem of the KHNAM.
The President of BJYM said that as the youth and citizens who have responsibility for the state, it is very shameful to see that the leaders of the state from the Prime Minister, say and do these things. without foundation and without foundation.
It shows that this roster system is working backwards and not working forwards,” said Bah Passah in an interview with the media on Saturday.
Sanat Kumar of Uttar Bihar Gramin Bank said, “We have investigated the incident and found that Asit Kumar had T.100 in his account while Gurucharan Vishwas had T. There is a total amount of T.960 kur, which has been deposited in these accounts.
“In the past, New Delhi used to regard Meghalaya as a State that could not implement the funds allocated to the State.
If Coronavirus gets a chance to spread here in our state, those who will catch and die quickly are the smokers.
Replying to a question by Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar during the Question Hour in the House on Tuesday, Shakliar said that this is more money for these projects. two districts according to the number of clubs registered under the jurisdiction of the Deputy Commissioners.
At the same time, PARODA takes this opportunity to wish you all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
P.C where the provisions of the NDPS Act cannot be higher than the provisions of 167 Cr.
From the signs, it can be seen here that the old governments or leaders of the past are very different from the leaders of today.
Cause of death: Covid-19 Pneumonia.
Shillong: The Tympang Club, Pdengshakap will soon resume its 6th Secondary Invitation Football Knockout Tournament in the first month of November at the Tympang Club Ground.
A.Nongspung scored again in the 23rd and 33rd minutes, while Joes Langki scored two goals in the 28th and 42nd minutes.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: Leaders of the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar & Social Welfare Organization (WRBD&SWO) have expressed their concern over the bias and negligence of the state government, as according to what appears through the media. Ri Bhoi Sepngi, has not been included in the list in the recent Budget Session of the State Government.
(Gaudium et Spes 75,76,43,93).
On Friday, Chilliangraij will play against Wahiajer at 2:30 pm.
The strike means that classes at NEHU will resume from 17th November so that classes can run smoothly.
Stardiness Kharsyntiew beat Kitkupar Kharsohnoh 6-1, 6-1
Hamas militants have kidnapped and detained about 30 Israelis in Gaza and fired more than 4,500 rockets at Israel and Israeli troops. They also managed to raid and set fire to about 1,290 workplaces and camps of these militants in the Gaza Strip.
Shillong, July 14: Leaders and Members of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) Mawlai Constituency together with the Primary Units from different constituencies, today resigned on the grounds of election of the candidate for the election. MDC-2014 from the constituency without listening to the voice of the majority.
“Those who are afraid that they will not eat, eat or pray should inform the government first,” said the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum in a statement.
Teinwel said their visit to the KHADC was for the purpose of seeking information on the working of the District Councils in the state.
The number of samples tested was 1,36,932 and of these, 1,31,971 were negative.
“The rape of the two women happened after the village burned down and two men – an older man and a child – were bombed to death by the mob," the said the group.
The petition was signed by the President of AJYWO East Jaintia Zone, Heatermoon Ryngkhlem and Secretary General of AJYWO Central Body, Reachingson Siangshai. Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of MDA Government and Santa Mary Shylla, MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency.
“Bah Marngar said he has never heard of any discussion in the Legislative Assembly to introduce ILP in the state.
Shillong: We For Shillong and New Age Welfare Society Jail Road have conducted a cleanliness drive at the Jail Road on 10th July
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-Bhoi District together with the Raid Nongtung Circle have alleged that the Assam government has started to occupy land on the border with Meghalaya. The Assam Government on Tuesday inspected the construction of a Police Out Post at Umru under Raid Nongtung.
The Chairman of the Joint Action Committee of the Sohiong Hima, Bah Purningstar Shabong, said that the committee has lodged a complaint against Bah Bashemphang Thabah before the KHADC since 2019 on the allegation that he was involved in the crime. law illegal in the administration of khadar within the Hima Sohiong.
We should not be ashamed to call them brothers or sisters.
“We cannot imagine the loss, we encourage and console the parents that they should not lose hope.
The Mawngap Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd (MMU) has decided to postpone the passing away of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala. The Music Festival “Scaling Height Park 2019” is scheduled to be held on the 19th March 2019 at St. Paul Higher Secondary School Mini Stadium Marbisu.
I have tried to get information from the elders and residents of Raliang, Khonshnong and the residents of Jaintia Hills as a whole but no information is available about this. I urge the intellectuals of Jaintia Hills to investigate and get more information on this.
That's a good thing.
It is the responsibility of the legislature and the executive.
From generation to generation there are people who teach and by their own lives they express and explain the relationship with the physical life in this world, so they walk alone in the forests, in the fields and in the fields. lum that river.
The three men hated the radio broadcaster for his speech against the attacks by the Khalistan militants.
In the name of developing the Khasi language, it is not necessary to tynneng like other languages, especially like the English language, because the diengkot is very different compared to the one that should not be tynneng without foundation.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The President of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM), Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, on Tuesday said that the FIR lodged against him by Kong Susan Nongrum is merely an attempt to defame him. to his name and the organization.
I went and told them straight away that I cannot give you money, I cannot give you alcohol or medicine.
The scheme was distributed at a public meeting held at the Church of God School in Thangsning.
The incident happened at about 10 pm after a child who left his two-year-old brother touched the stay wire and was electrocuted.
In the women's category, Bhagora Bhargavi Vargishkum of Gujarat won the first prize, Ruma Biswas of West Bengal won the second prize and Srishti Jaiswai of West Bengal won the third prize. of Chandigarh.
The federation also announced that the clubs who qualify for the tournament will have to pay an entry fee of 700 tyngka per team on or before the 22nd of this month.
Nongstoiñ: The Syiem of Nongmynsaw Hima, Paiem Phlowing Syiem Nongbak, on Saturday last month, opened the musur gate at Mawlan-B village. on the road to Tiehthawiar.
Mr. R. Nongspung, Shillong.
EGH Kambesa also scored 11 runs and scored 75 runs.
There were also songs and dances by the students and the welcome speech was delivered by Kong A.War Vice Principal of the college.
He said that his joining the VPP is because he sees that there is hope that they can follow up on other projects that they can achieve.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Fresh Vegetable Supply Association (KHASA) in collaboration with the Federation of Garo People (KHASA) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. which is the fate of the jhur traders in the state.
“Therefore, it is the Prime Minister who has removed the Minister of Electricity and the CMD,” said Bah Allantry.
Shillong, Jymmang 14 : Police have arrested the owner of Muscle Master Gym on Thana Road, Raju Barua on a complaint lodged against him by a young woman, who allegedly raped her on 10th June. .
In the second leg, Ram Dkhar scored the first goal for West Jaintia Police SC in the 52nd minute.
If we stay only in respecting the Status Quo, the time will come when they (Assam) will turn to the Secretariat.
When he came to Jowai, he went to Ioh O's house.
He said that the government through the NeP, aims to bring about universal education from pre-school to secondary and 100% enrollment by
He also mentioned how Dr. Manmohan Singh has come only twice to the North East, and this too only to cast his vote.
He added that there are those who say that the Khasi people cannot unite at any time but on this occasion, it has shown its unity in which the people from far away places have come to the place to hold the rally. hungry to show unity and solidarity as a nation.
“The GNLA is following the rules of procedure and will follow the outcome of the talks between Champion R Sangma and the Ksiang to appoint a government,” the GNLA said. , the party is ready to talk and stop fighting.
Speaking as the chief guest, Conrad expressed his delight that at the end of such a day, the aspirations of the people have been fulfilled, in which the day does not end only with the opening ceremony. However, with the opening of the state, hope and a bright future has now come to brighten the state, especially in terms of employment, the influx of tourists from other countries. countries, the opening of employment opportunities for the people and so on.
Wellborn Bynnud, MLA candidate from Shella constituency in 2018, has also joined the Congress party.
Shortly afterwards, this good news reached the ears of the Dkhars in the north that their daughters, who had been kidnapped by the Rangbah Khasi, were safe and sound. and completely fine.
However, as the leader of Ranikor Constituency, in a short period of time after his election, he has been able to do many things for the benefit of the people whether it is in the support of schools, He has also provided assistance to the poor families, especially to assist those in need of health by installing ambulances at the health centers within the Ranikor Constituency.
The BJP has also promised to launch the Jugi Rani Jugi Silchi Support Scheme which will provide financial assistance of Rs 24,000 to women who have sweet children.
A total of 735 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 11,7
The anti-Hindu riots of 1965 are a clear example,” Siva said.
Only Birth Certificates issued by the Municipal Authorities/CHCs/PHCs will be accepted to verify the date of birth of the players.
I remember a saying of Alexander Pope "A little knowledge is a dangerous thing" These words advise us to be careful in relation to writing because if we don't know or understand exactly it will lead to disgrace. in front of the world.
“We hope that it will be as we have discussed and arranged and I believe that it will be a blessing to our residents in this area and our constituency because we really need a road in "It's your fault," said Mr. Charles.
Shillong: East Garo Hills FC beat Tura District B by six wickets in the first innings of the Zone 2 match of the Meghalaya Cricket Association's Inter. -District U-23 Men's Cricket Tournament, TDCA-B had tied first in the first innings of the match held at Mendipathar, but ended with only 121 runs. Sengkam Sangma took 35 runs while Prakash of East Garo Hills took three wickets in 34 balls.
“I remember that at a meeting in Rangshken, Maheh said that in her 25 and 30 years as a leader, she has never seen such a turnout.
Rokhaw's decision to resign came ahead of the upcoming elections, when he planned to contest from Palak constituency once again, but this time he will be the candidate of the Mizo National Front (MNF). ).
Shillong: Dr. Devodotto Wanswett has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 12th of this month at 2 pm, robbers broke into the Presbyterian Church, Umshing, Mawkynroh-Mawlai, Shillong and stole 25000 tyngka worth of lighting.
In Jaintia Hills, at present, there is no king who rules but there are Doloi who are also religious leaders and priests.
In a democracy, without POLITICS, the future of the country and the nation cannot be determined.
Shillong, Nailur 6: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly at Madan Polo, Bah PT Sawkmie, on Saturday, 5th November, 2013, today announced to the Legislative Assembly that he has just received information that HDR Lyngdoh MLA/ The MDC of Sohiong Constituency, who is also the Minister in charge of District Council Affairs, could not attend the meeting as he had an emergency meeting in Guwahati. HDR said that he will approve any decision taken by the Dorbar.
He said that the DC has approved the request of the union to build boxes to store the weapons, knives and others.
On the other hand, the fish vendors have expressed their concern over the government's detection of formalin in the fish and said that they are ready to do other jobs than selling formalin. fish containing formalin which affects not only the public but also themselves.
Another rule has been introduced in the OM of the Reservation Policy for candidates who apply for vacancies at the district level, which states that candidates who apply through the District Selection Committee must be qualified. proficient in the language spoken in this district.
In the second half, Smit SC played hard and in the 61st minute Shankupar Kharbyngar scored 10 goals to encourage the team.
The operation was supervised and managed by the Israeli National Drone Initiative (INDI), using these vehicles, which are designed in the shape of drones as usual drones that carry and transport goods from one place to another.
The State is facing a shortage of electricity due to the shortage of power plants and those that exist can produce little due to the shortage of water.
The year of his birth was the year of the Great War.
The market residents said that the collection of donations for the Iewduh festival has started on Saturday, March 7, 2013 and as every year, the collection of donations has been conducted by the market vendors. from all the shops and vendors who sit in the marketplace.
Government officials including DP Wahlang, IAS, EP Kharbhih, IAS and other government officials were also present on the occasion.
Furthermore, noting that there may be no misuse of funds in connection with these two projects, the union demanded an immediate investigation.
She said that in July 2014, her name was removed from the post of Congress spokesperson in her last long letter to Sonia Gandhi before she resigned. Jayanthi said, “Madam, please inform me what I have done wrong, because this decision to write a letter to you is the decision I made after four months of prayer'.
This shyiap in rows should not be more than 10 inches deep.
If it’s a change for the better, we should embrace it.
Shillong: The Tourism Promoter Trekking Society Wahkhen, which was established in 2017, has launched a trekking bridge to Wahkhen.
The report said that there were killers who came with a police team and came as a robber with the intention of robbing Cherish.
About 100 rounds of ammunition in 32 rounds of ammunition were recovered from the suspects, police said and the investigation is ongoing.
Banpynkmen Kharsyntiew of WKH scored 11 runs but could not help to save the team from the defeat.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) will soon welcome the leader of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) after joining the UDP.
The Dy.Director has opened a fish market in Iaw Chyiap.
“The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday demanded that the state government should immediately cancel the letter issued by the officer of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). The Social Welfare Department has misinterpreted the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act,
In the midst of the struggle, he offered to sell 10 plates of cow money and 10 plates of Garo rice.
Last year she took part in Tanzania in 2022, Rwanda in 2023 and this will be her first time in India including the Sohra International Half Marathon.
Once the agreement between Assam and Meghalaya has been signed and the officials of these states meet with the officials of Delhi to verify it, it will be the end of the talks or resolution because what they say at that time will become true. and it shall not be changed.
Furthermore, the reporters found that the two brothers were lying on a bed made of wood with serious injuries to almost all parts of the body. they were burned with fire and burned with fire.
Shillong, March 11: The Minister of State for Markets, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the Hima Mylliem, Minister C.Kharkongor, who is in charge of the market, has denied that the Hima Mylliem used to collect Speaking at a meeting held today at Thanad Syiem in Iewduh, the Minister said that the collection of market cleaning fees is an illegal act of someone.
Along with the Rozgar Mela and the Karmayogi Prarambh initiative, the DoPT has introduced many changes to streamline the work and ensure transparency in the work.
In these days and nights, people's minds are turning to luxury life such as cars, houses, mobile phones, and others, which bring about the loss of money. their tyng-ka.
As part of the operation, BSF troops inside the South Bengal Border have seized 373 bottles of Phensedyl and 2 smugglers have been arrested from Indo- Bangladesh International Border.
Shillong: U Rupsing Teron, MLA from Karbi Anglong district, on Saturday visited Chinthong MAC Constituency to discuss the plight of the residents living on the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Social Welfare Minister Kyrmen Shylla said that the government is moving forward to provide assistance to these refugees.
The BPL electricity bill, which is distributed to poor households, has increased to more than T.
Now the same candidate (Synshar Kupar Lyngdoh Thabah) is contesting on the UDP ticket expecting a vote of sympathy from the supporters,” he said.
The Stage IV Generator Stage IV Power Station at Nongkhyllem with a capacity of 30MW has been damaged since 2019. The 30MW Generator Stage III Power Station at Kyrdemkulai has been out of order since in the year
Speaking on the occasion, Kong K Nongkseh, President, said that initially there were only 8 SHGs in the VO but as the days go by, they have been able to create new SHGs. The VO together with these SHGs have done many works in the village especially to set up a Processing Unit to produce food items and beverages which are only from the work of the women.
With the arrest of Bah Shainborlang, the total number of persons arrested has risen to four.
Announcing the decision by the Cabinet on Thursday, the Minister of State and Spokesperson of the MDA Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the Cabinet has discussed the issue and decided to prohibit and limit foreign travel from the Prime Minister, Government Ministers and officers.
Speaking at the meeting, NPP President O Lamin said, “In India, we have the right to elect our leaders and when they give us this right, they should also use it properly in accordance with the rules of the Supreme Election Commission of India.
The WSC, Indore was established in 1962 and operates from a rented premises.
From this time on, the Raid Mynsaw took over the Khadar rule.
These shops are located near the Head Quarters of the Eastern Air Command.
However, as of now, whether the project will be successful or not will depend on the discussions with the village leaders and others.
NEHHDC was established in 1977 with the aim of developing and promoting the clothing and handicraft industry in the region by helping to market these products and improve the income of the people. who made these things.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association (KJFWRA) has expressed its surprise over the daily arrival of fish in the market during the ban on imported fish. .
Shylla said that if the VAB is implemented, the Village Development Council and the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs will clash.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chairman of the Jaintia National Council, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh, said that they want a fair trial and a report. Deresmont Siangshai and Setmon Phawa have been given time within the 1st to submit the report of the investigation. “After the 10th, if the government cannot produce the report, we will take strong measures to protest,” he said. prepare and announce the fights,” said Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh.
The same person was also sentenced under Section 354 A (1) (i) and (ii) IPC, for rape and assault against women, and was sentenced to imprisonment. 3 years and a fine of T.5000 thousand.
The doctors of the Civil Hospital, after covering the budlum of the woman, ordered her to have an X-Ray, but she said that when she went for an X-Ray, there was no machine inside the Civil Hospital. I have to go outside.
They expressed their gratitude to the DC Ri Bhoi and other officers, who have been involved in the distribution of the money, so that these women who have a real desire to ri Syiar, they have received what they wanted.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Mawlai Main Square today was bustling with the contest between the candidates from the four parties contesting the MDC election. Mawlai Phudmuri Village Council.
Romans 11: 33-36.
It also decided to approve the Draft State Policy.
However, Jamshedpur secured the victory with a second goal in the 73rd minute through Thongkhosem Haokip to take three points.
The Minister said that after the complaint of the passengers especially the residents of Mylliem constituency regarding the deterioration of the road, he immediately wrote to the NHIDCL. M/S Tanor Engineering, Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh at a cost of Rs 5.15 crore,” said Bah Hamlet Dohling. on Monday the work will begin.
This statement that Jesus Christ must die was further confirmed by John the Baptist who said, "Behold, the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world.
The two arrested were identified as Esstan Rilang Sohphoh and Tynshainlin Wanniang, who applied for the post of Follower.
Also present on the occasion were MDC Sherborlang Mawlong, BDO Sohiong C&RD Block, elders, women and youth.
The President of the HSPDP Jaintia Hills, said that most of the villages in this block are on the border with Bangladesh and Assam. the people, but the lack of implementation has kept the people in the dark.
“Desperation is the main reason why they have joined the insurgency and now we must all work together to bring peace,” he said.
Shillong, June 8: U Bah Mahamsing Sten, 39, has drowned in the Umñiam River on Tuesday morning at about 2 pm.
“In the next few days we will clarify and it will be up to the person (Samlin) whether he will leave the HSPDP or not and this will depend on his free will and as a party he will not. There is no difference, we will accept it and we will do it in a clear way.
“Shu don't think too much because you don't have enough money.
Media reports said the helicopter crashed in mountainous areas and was badly damaged, according to drone photographs.
“We are grateful to the MDA-1 Government for trying to help develop Adhoc teachers and we have also given time to the Government to take a decision regarding the development of Adhoc teachers as Deficit “But unfortunately, with the coming of the elections, these aspirations have come to a halt,” said Bah Diningroy.
He said that the crowd started showing their anger by throwing sticks, rot, and stones at the police and despite the police's continued warning, they urged them to disperse immediately. -jai, the people resisted entering the second place where the public hearing was held with the intention of injuring people and damaging property.
It is necessary to say that the Government of India will do what if it loses a thousand hectares of land and even the State Government, but the one who should be responsible is the land owner. with water and even with blood, because if he loses ten feet of his land, he loses his livelihood and his crops.
The maternal inheritance and the maternal lineage is the main foundation of the Khasi people and the maternal inheritance is the custom of the Khasi to show the world that they are a nation that has been oldest and unique.
Now that my party has been defeated, I shake my head,” said the Congress supporter from Rajgarh district.
However, what has angered the Sying farmers in the area, is that until today, Bah Donbok Shadap, has not paid the amount of T.19 lakh. of these farmers Sying.
The project will be implemented by M/S Transys Consulting Pvt Ltd.
In the spirit of good neighborly relations, it was agreed that this issue will be resolved at the second meeting of the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam. Chief Ministers.
They feel that it is better to dig coal by sending miners to the pit than to use mechanical means.
He is also the founder of Greater Mawlai College, the leader of the Meghalaya Student Union, the leader of the Iew Rynghep Youth Union and other community groups.
“ In this regard, it can be summed up by saying, “The job seeker cannot choose the type of job or the place where he will work.
He said that if option 2 is taken, it is to decide to work with private companies. In 2021, an Expression of Interest (EOI) has been called for three companies.
From that time on, the Jews who remained did not have a Temple to worship God until now because Jesus had spoken.
It was taken to the penalty shootout and Meghalaya lost.
This affects both the giver and the receiver of the money (1998:46). Here corruption refers to the theft of money by deception, it is an act of injustice to the receiver and the giver, and it is also a work equal to the work of a murderer.
Meristela Lamare President of the Catholic Women's Association of Nongpoh Parish said that this is the fourth time that the Catholic Women's Association of Nongpoh Parish has conducted such a program with the participation of the Village Churches from the Sub. District where women come to sell their products ranging from jhur ki jhep, soh ki pai, traditional food, clothes and others with the aim of raising funds for the running of their businesses. service to the Lord and spiritual activities.
“Words can be strong but they have value to you,” said the father and stood up to leave. he and his parents.
The tournament started on the 11th of this month and 122 players came to take part in the tournament. to complete all the finals in various categories.
The match was a thrilling one until Hynniewtrep beat Lumshyiap by five wickets.
The Ruling Party won by a majority in the vote and therefore the Bill was not allowed to be introduced in the House and was immediately rejected by the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, today said that the construction of the Dwar Ksuid Bridge at Shillong Bye Pass has been completed. NHAI) and the BRO has been appointed to work on the remaining part of the bridge, which will start from 10th October 2021 and complete on 23rd October
Similarly, in the women's compound shooting team, Aditi, Jyothi (708) and Parneet (700) came top in qualifying, but failed to set the record. in the world as their own team, which was topped by the Korean team with 2120; but you don't have a price-thong.
Therefore, the proposal from Delhi, in the form of a sky survey, was immediately rejected, because they will fly in the sky, in order to spread by these foreigners around the villages.
The ambulance was launched by FKJGP General Secretary Eldie Newton Lyngdoh in the presence of FKJGP Vice President Elton Cliff Warjri. Mawnai Senior Vice President, Secretary and others.
Banerjee is considered one of the country's football stars and is also the leader in scoring the most goals for the team with four goals. at the 1962 Asian Games.
“The development of the villagers and the villages will be his top two issues to contest the 2023 MLA election,” he said.
He said that only Bah PT Sawkmie has donated for this house and no others.
New Delhi, Naitung 12: The Expenditure Department of the Ministry of Finance on Tuesday released Rs 7,532 crore to 22 State Governments for the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF).
The SSA is leading the U-10 tournament and will also host the U-14 boys Women's League this month.
Thus the first coming of Jesus to earth as a priesthood was accomplished on the Cross. The death on the cross was that Jesus had crushed the head of Satan.
“To the sordar whom he loves, he gives a clean and pure citizenship, but to those who do not, he gives a clean and pure citizenship.
There are also district councils in Assam, Mizoram, Tripura and other states.
The rule is that the man who marries a Dkhar woman must acquire the Khasi identity through the ryta, which can be accepted first by the kur or the Dorbar Kur.
The three suspects were identified as Damon Rymbai, Kongka Garod and Skhem Suchiang.
Besides the public meeting, a candlelight vigil was also held to commemorate these soldiers who were killed by the insurgents.
This is also part of the drug problem," he said.
After allowing the bank to open, the union sent a letter rejecting the reply of the bank, but unanimously decided not to open the bank. The union has promised to take action and has sent a clear message to wait within 10 months for all these demands to be implemented.
Although no one has commented on the incident, many feel that this may be an attempt to divide the workers.
Shylla will file his nomination papers tomorrow before the election for the new CEM at 2 pm.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 10: After the border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya at the level of the Chief Ministers and the signing of a MOU for six border areas, the Hima Nongspung has expressed its dissatisfaction. Even the villages in Meghalaya have gone to Assam and not only has the Hima been affected by this demarcation, but there has also been a lot of trouble. and instability due to the mismanagement of this boundary issue.
Judge of the District Council Court, Bah S Kharsyiemlieh.
He expressed his regret that through these things, they have brought various criticisms to the nation as a whole.
He said that besides implementing the NGT orders, the government is trying to remove the obstacle of the central government laws which stand in front of the ban on coal mining in the state.
On the other hand, Tiwari said that all the works have been arranged in accordance with the law and notices have been received according to the requirements of the work.
Their visit was to prepare for the elections to the Legislative Assembly.
The union said that even though the government has imposed a curfew, it is surprising to see that vehicles are running smoothly even during the curfew.
(4) Provision of parking space especially on the day of the market to avoid traffic jam and to ensure the movement of people in the market.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, today announced the Northeast India Association of Surgical Oncology (NASO) as the new Association of Doctors who treat cancer in the North East.
There is no benefit in it.
“We have recorded the statements of all the school staff and parents and we are ready to file a case against these two teachers,” said the police chief.
We cannot allow ourselves to be mixed with other nations.
Also present at the meeting were George B Lyngdoh, TMC MLA from Umroi constituency, James Lyngdoh, Vice President of the party, Kathelene Marbaniang, Elgiva Rynjah, TMC 17-North Shillong constituency and Mawkordor Rynjah, who is the party's chief executive officer in Mawphlang constituency, along with other party leaders.
On the other hand, the union urges the District authorities and the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) to take action against these garbage collectors. diseases that can affect human health.
The names that have been associated with the personal names of these founders and leaders of the present human heritage are filled with other unthinkable synonyms that appear in color but have no meaning.
He said that the completion of the Courtyard Marriott Hotel has progressed well and they are still waiting to submit the documents and after that the Courtyard Marriott Hotel will be opened to the public. many many years.
Biam asked how many NOCs have been issued by the EC to Coke Factories in Jaintia Hills from 1.3.2019 to 30.9.2022, the answer from the CEM is
:Three persons have been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills Police on Tuesday with the seizure of heroin.
Therefore, the players demanded an impartial investigation and punishment for the leader of the union.
V.H.Pala including Rtn.
Also present on the occasion were PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak, Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira, government officials and others.
When asked whether the Voice of the People Party will affect the Lok Sabha elections, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said, “We don't want to say anything at this time.
Two more cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state today, all of them from East Khasi Hills District.
“The party will not expel them, because we have not seen them attend the meetings of others, only the supporters attend,” said Bah Lapang.
Referring to the match which was held today, it was seen that the people from all over the district of Ri Bhoi, came to witness the match.
“The Department of Agriculture, State Government has issued a Notification to ban the use of fertilizers on July 12, 2014 and after that, the farmers have to buy fertilizer at a reasonable price.
Conrad also informed that the Cabinet has also approved the amendments to the Meghalaya Medical Council Act (MMCA),
Shillong: The Harijan Panchayat Committee, a group of people living in Mawlong Market (Punjabi Lane), has not yet taken a decision regarding the blue-print of the government's Punjabi Lane. They have been relocated to another location proposed by the government through the High Level Committee (HLC) to the residence of the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board.
"Furthermore, Bah Shakliar has ensured that the players will not face any problems in terms of accommodation as he himself has visited many times to provide all the necessities for the players. .
“This is the protest of the Congress in the state, we strongly condemn the name of Rahul Gandhi.
The two fundamental principles of the State owners are to earn rights and knowledge.
Compared to these two fish farms, the union found that at the Umsning Fishery Farm, there have been corruption activities by the MeSEB department since these years, they alleged.
He said that the Prime Minister has always paid special attention to the North East.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM), which was founded in 2008 to serve the cause of the country and the nation, has commemorated the 159th death anniversary of Woh Kiri Dhar Dolloi. He went to Lummukut in Shangpung Village to lay flowers at the top of the monument.
Mylliem SC opened the scoring through Jan Hameshwa Marngar in the 11th minute of the first half, but Malki SC opened the scoring through Maxcimilando Tariang in the 27th minute. Nongrum scored the second goal in the 35th minute.
On the opening day of the tournament, Ri-Bhoi lost all wickets for 107 runs in the first innings while SCA-A scored 60 runs.
Therefore, the AITC, as it stands to serve the people, has tried its best to help and deliver food items to those affected areas,” said Dr Mukul.
The streams and rivers have turned into water and are filled with smam water.
Meanwhile, the BSP, which won two MLAs in 2018, has now won only one MLA from the party.
For this reason Jesus had to turn to the rest of the world to receive him.
“The KHADC intends to invite students, elders and scholars to conduct research on the customs and traditions of the 17 places where the Khasi people live. It is about the customs and traditions, ways of life, khaddar rules, languages, traditional dress which can be done through the Elaka Department and the laws in place to preserve these traditional customs and traditions.
However, the temperature of the people was measured and those who did not have symptoms were allowed to go home and were advised to stay at home without contacting them. wei (self-quarantine).
SS Cajee, a resident of Laban, died while undergoing treatment at Bethany Hospital.
There were 104 bouts in which the rangiakura prepared themselves for the competitions as well as the BFI officials, along with the hard work of the MBA officials, the Sports and Youth Affairs department and the BFI officials. Many volunteers have been involved in the organization of this tournament.
Referring to the coal mining, Bah Lanong said that it does not damage the environment at all, because the trees and siej, stand on top of the fire, while the mining is only to the caves, which are on the north side of the cave, without coal and slowly dug, through small holes.
Those tribes who followed the religion of the French began to fight against the things that used to be done in the home, in the village and in the township. They don't work anymore in the villages.
He urged all the coal traders that if they still feel that they should elect and win him, they should understand because no one can stop the free will of everyone.
Dr. (Mrs) NP Suchiang, DIO, I/C East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat in her speech informed the children who took part in the National Deworming Day programme. NDD)'by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India in 2015, and this program is conducted twice a year in June and April to ensure that every child in India they shall be saved from the sword.
“What are you teaching here?” asked the man who had seen her twice.
After receiving a tip, the Nongpoh Fire Brigade rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire, but could not rescue the items inside the vehicle.
There will be two matches of the SSA 2nd Division Football League 2023 at the SSA Ground today. The first match will be between Smit SC and Laitkyrhong SC at 11:30 pm followed by the second match at 11:30 pm. Shillong, Naiwieng, 26: The State Government has given 45 to 70 days to the Consultants to submit their report on the proposal to build the The airport at Umroi Airport so that heavy aircraft can land.
Speaking to reporters, Mosjo said that although his brother Leston Wanswett is still in the NPP, he has chosen to contest from the PDF as it is the party that is still in power. strong and still strong.
At the same time, Bah A Shanpru urged that the rights of children and other explanations related to the Act should not be violated.
Besides, there will also be dance, song and music festivals and other entertainment activities with the aim of developing the talents of the youth in the Kur Warjri.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) will once again demand that the government should allocate funds for the construction of a statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah at Lad College.
The HNLC said it has confidence in the government and wants to come forward to talk, but it is angry with the police department for making a statement and said in a statement that the police have right to challenge the matter.
Garbage wealth: The second phase of the Swachh Bharat Mission aims to further diversify garbage cleaning activities and take advantage of people's enthusiasm for cleanliness.
Their conclusion is – to achieve peace and happiness is only love, mutual respect and friendship for all regardless of whether they are rural or urban, poor or rich, stupid. neither the city, nor the farmer nor the officer ....
“Even to get the recognition of the Khasi language, Conrad has to submit petitions several times to Delhi and the Double Engine of the BJP doesn't succeed because nobody cares about him because they hold the keys as they want,” he said. state.
Other candidates who have completed their nomination papers include Trinamool Congress (TMC) candidate Justin G Momin from Mawshynrut constituency, Voice of the People's Party (VPP) candidate from Nongstoin constituency Bah Bobby. B Kharshandi, independent candidate from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, BJP candidate from Nongstoin constituency Diostar Jyndiang and Congress candidate from Mawshynrut constituency Andrew Charles Gare.
The incident happened on Tuesday on Chyrmang Iongnoh Road.
The election in Sohiong, one of the 55 reserved seats out of the 60 seats in the State Legislative Assembly, was postponed before the polling day on 27th June following the sudden death of HDR Lyngdoh, former Minister of Home Affairs, has been elected as the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on 20th June.
After this the Angel of God will declare – “It is finished” Revelation 16:1
“This started last season and is now progressing,” he said, recalling that the construction has been temporarily suspended due to a lawsuit especially from the National Green Tribunal,” he said.
Therefore, before the end of 11th November, 2024, the UDP will renew its office bearers on 12th November, 2023 for a term of three years.
Any residents who have been affected by this order are urged to approach the relevant authorities, added the order of the District Magistrate.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The inspection of the border between India and Bangladesh in the Dawki-Tamabil area has resumed smoothly today.
I'm sorry for you because I Bah, who shouldn't have seen you, is no longer there.
Through the assistance and guidance of the District Horticulture Office (DHO) Khliehriat, to Mr. Norly S Ryngkhlem in the cultivation and planting of flowers, this has affected the residents of Bapung village, where almost all the households want to plant flowers.
Police have arrested Tipshwa's husband and recovered a bloody knife from the house.
Furthermore, the statement said that the Khasi people cannot accept it at all because it does not fall in line with the overall thought, culture and way of life of the Khasi people.
Sniawbha has earlier said that no matter what happens, the Harijans will have to be evicted from Mawlong Market because not only does it cause congestion in the city, but it is also unhealthy for the children to leave. Besides, the government has also needed this land to build parking lots, market places for second hand vendors and so on.
Therefore, NESO and ASSU have fought hard to register all the Khasi residents in Assam to get the NRC from the Assam Government.
They can expel or suspend me from the party but they cannot remove my MLA/MDC status,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Meanwhile, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Russian troops had attacked Kyiv from various sides.
Bah James Sylliang said that in the competition, there should be judges to judge the winners and losers but in this competition, who will judge...who can prove who? the right speaker and the wrong one.
Shillong, July 19: The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Ernest Mawrie, on Tuesday said that the TMC-ruled state has no development but corruption and instability have increased. “In West Bengal where the TMC has been in power for many years, you will go north. “There is no development but the growth in WB is only corruption and disruption of peace and order, therefore, the people of the state should beware of the TMC's tactics,” he said.
He said that if others can steal, it will affect others who do not have the opportunity to do so.
C.Religion July 3, 2020 There is no religion according to the law, About the customs and traditions.
The leaders of the party said that they don't know anything about the activities or conflicts between Pyniaid and their President Ardent Basaiawmoit but they said that if there is a conflict it will be a personal matter. their not organizational work.
It will be the first time that three rowers from the State, Elizabeth Vincent, Batskhem Nongbak and Pynshngaiñ Kurbah have been selected to represent India in a rowing competition to be held abroad. country.
The team at Spectra is dedicated to the business so that they can provide the best for the customers, where they provide the best service and listen to the needs of the customers.
He said that as the village there is no discrimination against any political party and allows any party to hold meetings in the village, but if such incidents happen inside the village The meeting between the NPP Umsning Constituency leaders and the NPP Umsning Constituency has affected the village and the people of the village as a whole.
Shillong, Nailur 24: UDP Mylliem Constituency President Hamlet Dohling has sent a letter to the Chief Engineer of PWD Department regarding the misuse of the land at Umshyrpi Bridge by some people. Hamlet in his letter said that the department should immediately stop the misuse of the land.
The names of the winners in the various categories of the awards ceremony will be announced from the 5th.
Dangar, March 30: The BSF Brass Band (BSB) has performed at Dangar Dombah Upper Primary School, East Khasi Hills as part of the Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav. The public did not participate in this program.
The penalty shootout will be held for both men and women.
Finally, Syiem Khyrim should listen and be surprised more and more to his wrong thinking not only in the Bhoi area but also in those villages around the War area. However, the misdeeds and misconceptions in some villages have been burned down in order to restore the glory, the reputation and the name of the Syiem's ​​rule as it was in the past.
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Law and Traditional Affairs is the former Symbud Myntri Rangbah and MDC, Bah Bindo M Lanong and other experts as members.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday inaugurated the PRIME Hub at Wahiajer, Wahiajer, Meghalaya. Thadlaskein Community and Rural Block, West Jaintia Hills.
The reason for the protest was against the failure of the contract teachers to hold talks with the state government on the afternoon of 7th March
It is a threat to fight against.
Shillong, July 20: The Khasi people living in Karbi Anglong, Assam, the border area which is still in the midst of border settlement with Meghalaya, have formed a group known as United. Khasi People Organization (UKPO).
The Cabinet also approved the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, 2014. The Meghalaya Lokayukta (Amendment) Bill, 2021 is an amendment to the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, the appointment of one or more members for the Lokayukta and this shall be according to the size of the state, the number of cases and the expenditure of funds to provide for more members of the Lokayukta.
On Friday, he announced that he will tie the knot with his girlfriend, Elena Zhukova, in July
Shillong: The KSU and FKJGP today arrested 23 foreign workers without proper documents.
Congratulating the BJP Meghalaya for giving the recognition, she said, “Respect the culture and the mother tongue and the world will respect you.
About 7000 Community COVID Management Committees (CCMCs) have been set up across the state and these are raising awareness about the disease.
The four bus drivers also said that if the Government feels that the roads are too crowded, it should say clearly and it should improve the road and use the fly overs.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Phlangdiloiñ Area Unit on Saturday celebrated its 21st Anniversary. Lambokstarwell Marngar, President KSU Central Body was the chief guest.
Shillong: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has announced Mosjo Rockfeller Wanswett as its candidate for the mid-term elections from Shella to be held on 21st March.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in East Jaintia Hills District has demanded the relocation of the BSF post at Huroi, Shillong. The reason for the demand for the BSF is that the BSF troops have become a threat to the people of the area.
On the other hand, Bah Renikton said that there is still a lot of need to improve the hospital from the construction, the OPD, the rain water harvesting station because there are times when there is a shortage of water, the parking lot. , employees and others.
Therefore, the JSM is not responsible for the Govt.
Lajong coach Bobby Nongbet said tomorrow's match will be more difficult as East Bengal are strong.
According to a press release, the court issued the order on October 7, 2023 after hearing the case of Shallang Police Station and found him guilty of raping the child. under 18 years.
As India works to reach a $25-trillion economy, based on inclusive growth, it must embrace a multi-pronged approach to addressing employment challenges health and still higher due to various factors, lifestyles, changing viruses, pandemics such as COVID-19 and environmental factors.
Therefore, the group urged the authorities to ensure that there is a supply to all parts of the city to avoid traffic jam not only in the Polo area.
The woman is now living temporarily at the house of her mother-in-law and her children.
Gonzalo Peillat (23min by PC) and Malte Hellwig (31min) scored the second goals for Germany. part to make it only possible to score 3 goals.
States including Maharashtra, Odisha, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh have reported shortages of medicines.
Police were unable to take Ahmed to court as doctors had not released him. He was charged under the Foreigners' Act for entering India without documents. pages are available.
Not only that, the MLA said that the work of love and trust is the most important thing and if we get love and trust from the work, it is easy and there is no need to go to anyone but they have come. He said that many development works in Nongstoiñ constituency have taken place in the last 4 years and that has been witnessed by the people.
She added that if people abuse drugs, it will disturb the mind and they will not be able to function properly.
“In this age when the land is becoming scarce and crowded, the action of the Pynshongkhla VEC is a great example for others,” he said. in which the stakeholders have a cooperation to bring about economic development and welfare of the villagers".
Shillong: The State Government today, 25th June 2021, after holding a meeting under the chairmanship of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Government has decided to increase the number of rooms. and health facilities for those infected with Covid-19 in Shillong and around Shillong and this morning the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare together with other departments have visited the facilities. One at the ITI office at Rynjah, the new BTC branch at Malki and the other at the Directorate of Commerce and Industries at Nongrim Hills. Up to 150 beds will be provided at these Corona Centres.
“You will never be able to stop these people.
In this regard, the Prime Minister promised that within 10 months he will release only one month of the council's share so that they can pay the salaries of the employees.
In his prayer, the slave prayed specially for the Jewish nation and expressed that God had raised Moses from the Jewish nation and prayed that God would protect the nation at this time. I don't hear anything from him to pray for the Hynniewtrep people and to call upon Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah to help our people. from behind as he called and cried out and remembered Moses.
The promises of the MDA government to fulfill the aspirations and objectives of Dr. Don are merely words, perhaps as I said, it is merely a false promise to show that they respect Dr. Don.
On the 6th of November at 3 pm, the Rangbah Shnong of Amlanai, Bah Thomlin Surong, the Secretary of the Shnong, Bah Hamboi Langshiang and another member of the Dorbar Shnong, Shan Khongiong, were killed. Trangblang village and 3 others were seriously injured.
Process said the time has come for the struggle not to bring any benefit, but only through dialogue which can bring about an understanding between the Government and the HNLC and which can also bring about to the peace and order in the State.
It may be recalled that on Sunday last month, Alphius Momin, a school teacher and Sweetbirth Marak, both from Rajasimla, were shot dead by the troops in the village. Konchikol near Kharkutta because they did not stop their motorcycle during the search, and the troops arrested them by mistake.
“The promise of the Minister of Education is only a ploy to delay and appease the anger of the SSA teachers who took to the streets on that day,” said Bah Rymbai.
This was announced by the Chief Executive Manager of Frank Motors, Kong Evarika Lyngdoh at the opening ceremony of the Workshop Center at Laitkor Mawrie. Gumeet Singh who was the chief guest in the presence of RCCM Arup Sharma, CCM Mr Sayak, Rangbah Mawrie Pdeng Bah Edmund Kharmalki, Rangbah Aibor J. Marbaniang and others. you are welcome.
All the people are urged to wear masks, not to interact with others and to listen carefully if they have any fever or chills or difficulty breathing.
Speaking on the occasion, the Village Leaders of Raid Nongkhrah and Raid Nonglyndoh recently visited the construction site of the Polytechnic School in Nongkhrah and found that the contractor has abandoned the construction site. the work has not been completed as allocated and planned by the State Government.
Nozim Hussain has lodged a complaint alleging that a group of people led by Habibur Zaman of the NPP stopped near his house and threw stones at him. house, and the rockstorm injured four people.
A late Minister of Meghalaya has said that it is very difficult to fight against floods in the Ackik Hills of Garo Hills.
Phrangki Buam scored two goals for Shillong Lajong in the 54th and 82nd minutes.
The KSU has donated tins of household items to protect the house from the rain after receiving information that the house is run by only one 13 year old child, but he has carried it. a healthy lyngkor to look after the brothers and sisters and to provide for the needs of the family.
Namdhari are in 11th position with 19 points from 20 games (5 wins: 4 draws: 11 losses).
Hamlet said this while addressing the opening ceremony of the Nongpyiur Village Council, Mylliem Constituency on Tuesday.
“Therefore, I would like to tell you that these trucks are carrying coal to be auctioned and soon it will be auctioned in West Khasi Hills and Garo Hills after Jaintia Hills,” said Prestone.
Now that we are still in lockdown, it will be an opportunity for the government to try this place as one of the farmers' markets and this will help to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong. to come ).
Meanwhile, the NERDWM has lodged a complaint with the Commandant of 40 AR against Negi.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that this is the era of technology demand, so we have to keep pace with the world.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10 : The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) will soon take a decision on the government's promise to forgive the illegal activities of the party.
To convince the people as they had asked him to stand for the election, Bah SK Sun, said three times, “You have wanted” and the people shouted, “change” .
The Symbud Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Brijesh Pathak Ji, was also present to support the initiative.
Likewise, in each of these jurisdictions, we have those Dorbars as the highest decision-makers and decision makers and in the whole of Ri-Khasi (Here Ri-Khasi means Riwar, Ri-Pnar, Ri-Bhoi,) I have called you together as a Dorbar.
education, www.meghalayaonline.
The ground has been damaged for the road leading to JN Stadium Polo and the goal area starting from the D area, followed by the 6 yard area where the white line stands. goalkeeper who is the place to shoot the penalty.
In the presence of AICC General Secretary, I/C Meghalaya, V. Narayanswamy, they also met with AICC Vice-President Shri Rahul Gandhi and asked him to take care of these two Bills. .
These vacancies include the posts of Assistant Civil Engineer, Assistant Engineer Electrical and Assistant Engineer Mechanical.
Another order has decided to close down the house of Nevelda Nongrum and Ram Nivas in Pynthorumkhrah Golflin from last night.
The participation of these government employees in these meetings, protests organized by political parties is against the violation of Section 20 of the Meghalaya Service Conduct Rule,
Robert said that the Act also stipulates that NOCs or certificates of residence including trade licenses can be issued only by the Rangbah Shnong without the knowledge of the Dorbar Shnong. to be approved by the Dorbar Shnong.
At the same time, she also congratulated the teachers of this school.
In this way, all the sohphan farmers in that village will supply sohphan to the processing unit in that village.
The victim was identified as William Nongrum of Khanduli village.
He said that besides many missions announced by the government so far, there is not a single mission that is equal and can benefit the people.
In this regard, the Telangana government has proposed to build four crematoriums to pass through KBR Park to NFCL Junction, Punjagutta.
Speaking at the meeting, the speakers criticized the stingy behavior of the leaders and also the government because for more than a year they have not been able to build the school due to the destruction by the government police. Assam since last year has been standing without adequate fencing and is worse than a cow farm.
The Supreme Court has ordered the government to set up an SIT to investigate into the stolen money, which has been deposited in foreign banks.
CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin today announced various relief measures for those children who have lost their parents due to the covid-19 pandemic.
These Home Guards have been patrolling the roads to prevent the public and vehicles from following the COVID-19 rules.
Marak (Independent) – 6910 votes NOTA (None of the Above) – 5840 votes.
The mask, known as the Supermask, protects against external noise.
Two Ministers, Gopalaswami Ayyenger from Delhi and BC Roy, Premier of West Bengal, have arrived in Pakistan. Shillong on 4 November 1949, and visited Dawki and Sohra.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 871 with nine deaths and 488 recoveries on Monday.
It is a great blessing for the Kharmetor to leave this area and move into houses reserved for them.
No parking will be allowed along the road from Lad Kharang to Mawbynna and this rule will start from 5 pm to 5 pm.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Kynta said that if the government files a Civil Suit for the eviction of the residents of the area, it is a Civil Suit for Eviction. There is no need to appeal for the ownership of the land.
The program to launch the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra campaign in South Garo Hills District was held at Malikona, Baghmara on 29th November.
It is also the first time in five years that the two countries will play against Paramaki in such a tournament and the last time that the national team will play against Pakistan in the tournament. the semifinal of the 2018 SAFF Championship; India won the match 3-1
The president of the KSU said that if the Lyngdoh does not take action soon to resolve the boundary between the three villages in Sohiong, Lenpdeng Shnong, Lenmawtap and Lenmawtap A, he will soon reach the border. the inhabitants of these three villages shall be slain.
LP School, which was established in 1952 on the motto “It all begins here” under Amlarem Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District, has received a new 7 room school building.
The history of the Mawkynrew Cup was read by Bah T.Pohshna and the awarding ceremony was held for Dr. Amanda Pakynteiñ who has completed her Doctorate in Education. Chairperson of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee.
Earlier, Mizoram played well in the opening and four batsmen scored more than 10 runs each, but Meghalaya fought and managed to lose wickets and caused Mizoram to score less.
It was also explained to the public that rotten garbage should be placed in blue garbage bins and paper and plastic, bottles and other non-perishable items should be placed in blue bins.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The shooters of the state have taken part in the 4th Meghalaya Games 2022 and have received encouragement and praise from the coach of the Indian shooting team Mim Bahadur Gurung and the shooting star. Atanu Das's speech.
In the evening, the Old Mawïong Presbyterian Church held a memorial service for Bah Marweiñ, who was the Rangbah Balang of the Church until his death.
She said that the SSA office in the past years has provided karma classes, outdoor facilities, uniforms, books and others.
Methodios Dkhar, HSPDP candidate from Mawshynrut, said that he is not standing to contest for anyone but he is standing on the basis of the people who want him.
He said the RDA will continue to try to unite the Riewlum parties and the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
In Sohra sub-division, there are two constituencies, Sohra and Shella constituencies, while in Mawkyrwat, where there are two constituencies, Langrin and Mawkyrwat, the filing of nomination papers will start tomorrow. hi day.
The decision came after a meeting held on Tuesday at the conference room of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to discuss the NHAI's request to open the tollgate.
He said that it is dangerous for the people who walk and stand and live nearby, because this material is very quick to catch fire in case of sudden fire or catch fire. , especially as it is also close to the highway.
The crowd has filled the Dhaka-Sylhet highway at Brahmanbaria and has caused panic among many in Bangladesh as well as in Tripura.
Shillong: After the Municipal Department of the State Government has decided to demolish the Jaiaw Taxi Stand in Motphran to build a new one about 4 floors high, the residents of the state government have decided to demolish the Jaiaw Taxi Stand in Motphran. They said that if the Municipal Department collapses, it will be more difficult for them.
This dispute between these villages was very great, they were fighting equally until they could not make peace, they were in great enmity.
Bah Roning died of gunshot wounds to the head and neck.
She said that on the night of 11th March 2018, she received several telephone calls from an employee of the admin department of the Supreme Court.
Shillong, July 13: The rainfall in Shillong in the past 24 hours has been the highest in 2017, with 100.6 millimetres.
To throw stones at Narendra Modi's house is impossible, and his tyngshops have been burnt down.
Women should have children and the women who protest are not the representatives of all women in Afghanistan,” Hashimi said.
Titos said the district authorities are now waiting for the final report from the office of the SDO, BDO and after that they will announce the T.4 lakh.
“UCIL has gone too far in issuing the EOI without consulting the state government and if you look at the EOI of UCIL, the purpose is not just to survey and mine uranium but it is beyond that,” he said. said the Prime Minister.
“Many laws of the central government are destroying our customs and we have to find the right reasons to prevent this,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 08: The Coordinating Committee of the Registered MeECL Association (CCORMAU) on Monday held a meeting to protest against the Central Government's plan to introduce the Electricity Amendment Act 2022 in Parliament. The protest at the MeECL office in Lumjingshai, Shillong has strongly condemned the Central Government for not consulting with the employees of the electricity departments, electricity consumers before introducing this Act. Parliament has decided to hand over the management of electricity distribution to the private sector.
The navy chief said the country's ships Shivalik, Kamorta and Savitri were the first to arrive in Yangon with relief supplies.
Shillong, November 17: “The Prime Minister should release the remaining salary as a Christmas gift,” said Bernard N. Marak, Vice President of the BJP.
They remain on the same basis to serve the people because they know that “strength does not depend on quantity but on quality.
On the other hand, it is also amazing that the same book also tells the story of another woman, named Esther and this saved the Jewish People from the Holocaust.
Two female policemen who were patrolling the area were surrounded by the crowd and were knieh with their lathi and stieh. Look what happened to them and after a while they entered the gate of the Army Holiday Home Stay and even after this there were some who tried to throw stones.
“According to the social agreement between our group and the government, we will have to share half of the income,” said Bah Juda.
The house is located in the area known as Wah Kyndiah and there are no neighbors nearby but many of the houses are farther away which has caused the residents of the area to be forced to leave. The place where they saw the fire burned down the house in the evening.
He said that the result of this meeting with the Defense Ministry is that recently, an inspection was held with Defense Ministry officials from Guwahati for the purpose of relocating the gate. The 58 GTC has been urging the people to vote for Bah Pynïaid in this election. U Bah Sanbor said that the people should use their knowledge, understanding and responsibility for the hope of Mawryngkneng Constituency from 2nd November, 2021 which is the day of counting of votes. .
It is such people who encourage and promote dirty activities in politics and increase corruption.
Shillong, Iaiong 23: According to the Information Act, the Synjuk Seng Samla Shnong (SSSS) has issued a notice to the KHA DC employees, their qualifications and qualifications. The Cleaner or Peon is higher than the Secretary, Joint Secretary, Deputy Secretary and Under Secretary to the Executive Committee of KHADC. Welljune Syiem Lieh has been appointed Secretary of the Executive Committee since 16th July, 2008 and his qualification is PU. 2 of them are BA and 2 are PU. There are 4 Deputy Secretaries to the Executive Committee and all 4 are women and their qualification is BA. Under Secretary of KHADC and all these 3 persons have the qualification of PU. These are the qualifications of the senior employees of the District Council, as shown in the RTI. Their ranks are Matric, PU, ​​BA, the highest are those who have passed BA, except for Magistrates who have LLB and those who have completed BA, there are also MA. The highest position is a BA graduate, Iabianglin Shabong, who started working on the 9th. u Jymmang, 2012, and there was another one whose educational qualification is higher than that of the Chairman of the District Council, Wandakerlin Lyngdoh who started working on 11th July, 2002 and whose educational qualification is higher than that of The post of Cleaner is a little higher than the post of Peon. In the post of Peon, it was seen that there is a Peon who has completed her BA, Kong Pynhunlin Imiong who has started working since 13th July. , 2006, and there are 2 BAs, Wanrilin Syiemlieh who started working on 1st July, 2011; Wanstep Nongbri, who started working on 15th July,
The no confidence motion was taken to Boris Johnson, Prime Minister of England; However, Johnson won the election with 211 votes in favor and 148 votes against.
Furthermore, the Meghalaya Athletics Association will also open opportunities for other sports such as cricket, football, traditional sports and others.
“I want to be an example to other women and this opportunity will be an opportunity for them to compete and improve their working relationships with other countries in the world.
The technologies used to avoid accidents include electronic interlocking, track circuiting, Block Proving Axle Counters (BPAC), Color Light LED Signals, Train Protection Warning Systems’ (TPWS), Mobile Train Radio Communication (MTRC), Dedicated OFC based Acoustic Sensing Systems, Vigilance Control Device (VCD), Fog Pass Device, Pre-stressed Concrete Sleepers, Application Ultrasonic Flaw Detection (USFD), and others.
He said that the decision of the 60 MLAs on the ILP, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule, the repeal of the Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973 and the Mines and Minerals Act The Forest Conservation Act 1980 under para 12 A(b) is unacceptable and the decision of 60 MLAs of the state has turned against it.
The Prime Minister said that after the Government of India has amended the Act, the Government has now been able to combine the injection of those over 18 years and those over 45 years into one list.
By comparing his words and deeds, we can say that this Prime Minister is a hypocrite and a deceiver.
Sijon Dkhar, 70, of Nongjri Nongbah, Pynursla, EK Hills, died on 19-05-2021 at Woodland Hospital, Shillong.
The NGT has scheduled another hearing on 11th March 2019 and at the same time a committee headed by the Deputy Commissioner, Nongpoh has been set up. and that they shall submit the report as before the next hearing.
The festival was conducted by Most Rev. Andrew R. Marak, Bishop of Tura, in the presence of Most Rev. Jose Chirackal, Auxiliary Bishop of Tura and several others. members of the holy community, including Fr Francis, Fr Joy and Fr Bromith Sangma.
He said that as of now, the people of many constituencies have started turning to the TMC. This has happened also in Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, as it has been witnessed in these days that the people have turned to the TMC. It is on this basis that he has the confidence in his heart that he will contest the election no matter what happens.
“As the Minister of Urban Affairs, after the election we will hold a meeting to discuss the issue of resettlement of Harijans from ThemïewMawlong and after that we will take this to the Chairman of the High Level Committee, Bah Prestone Tynsong,” he said. , said Mr. Dhar.
It was also a shame to know that there are many drinkers in the state and in the country and in the world today.
Besides Heibok Suting, three other Vice Chairman who received the same salary include Kor Simpli from Hambertus Constituency, Queensland Nongrum Constituency and Sylvanus Lamare from Nangbah Constituency.
To the extent that they show such a relationship with any candidate or political party, they have a responsibility to publish news, especially election news.
The 10 villages in the Union include Lumdiengjri, Sunny Hill, Jaiaw Langsning, Dymmiew, Mawbah, Lymkshaid, Lower Mawprem, Nongsohphoh, Lama Villa and Qualapatty.
"Every year, the JCB Prize for Literature honors an Indian writer who has published fiction.
Mom! Sorrow, how much sorrow, How much sorrow, each and every soul;
Shillong, July 8: The BJP Youth Wing (BJP) Meghalaya has decided to recruit members in the state to strengthen the party starting from Mairang on 21st July this year.
In a few months, Meghalaya will have to re-elect the people's leaders to the Legislative Assembly.
Blood donation for the country is the same and people everywhere can donate blood because it is a human effort,” he said.
She confirmed that the issues of the university such as the School of Technology department will be resolved at the upcoming AICTE meeting. Praising the progress of women in higher education, Irani said that the time to complete the Ph.D.
He said that the poor condition of the road has caused a lot of trouble to the people as they are farmers and have to sell their produce to Hahim and Boko markets.
School children and students who are treated like this will not be able to progress in their studies.
However, it does not mean that we are not a full State or that we are subordinate and it is the provision of the Constitution of India that a State like Meghalaya has the right to receive the support of the Central Government.
When their parents warn them, they don't want to eat and sleep without a place to sleep at night.
Shillong: The Mawshun Sports and Cultural Club (MS&CC) has launched the Pilat Khongkliam Memorial Trophy on the 4th of this month.
God says of Israel, “You are a sword.
New Delhi: The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 35,043 and the death toll to 1,147, with 73 deaths in the past 24 hours.
When asked about her goal, Ainamdaphisha said, “My goal is to continue her education at the Army Public School and she also has set a goal to study at the Medical College at Army Public School. around the country.
Two of the best athlete titles were won by Mutskhem Sari in the Under-14 Boys category and Dathrangshwamiki Shylla in the Under-16 Boys category.
The meeting was conducted by the Officer Incharge of Pynursla, Bah BL Wanswett.
To immediately remove the tax on the market.
The State Bank of India (STB) has been closed on Tuesday due to the abduction of its employee in Ri-Lum Garo.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has urged the residents of the state to refrain from spreading false news on social media.
The water content in 44 places was found to be unhealthy and did not meet the standards set by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI).
Your certificate does not have a court order.
He also spoke about the visit to the border villages which will be arranged with the Nodal Officers for the implementation of the works.
She said that on Saturday on her way to Shillong for treatment and delivery, she had stopped from Nongspung for three hours.
Regarding these issues, this writer has met with the incumbent MLA of this constituency, Bah Kimfa Marbaniang (INC), to learn about the work he has done in the past two years. and solve the above problems.
Speaking to reporters, Bommai said he would help people from all groups, including those below SC/ST, women, multi-sectoral groups, farmers and others Pat, in order to strengthen them and to enable the state to develop.
On the HPC's ownership of the land in Them Iew Mawlong, the KSU leader said, “The HPC has not received permission from the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
Speaking to reporters after laying the wreath at the monument, KSU President Samla Lambok Starwell Marngar urged the Cabinet to visit Delhi. They also received good news from the Central Government for the early implementation of the ILP in the state and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
He studied Philosophy at Christ King College, Laitumkhrah and Theology at Oriental Theological College, Mawlai.
Donbestar Syiemlieh from South West Khasi Hills District, who represented Meghalaya in the Mixed Martial Arts category, today won the title in the Flyweight 56kg category. The 21st Four Men's Fly Weight Tournament organized by the Mixed Martial Arts and Fitness Gym Assam was held at the MMA & Fitness Gym, RGB Roads, Sunderpur.
You are the second in your position in heaven.
So also is the resurrection of the dead.
Furthermore, at these shelters, mothers will also receive training on breastfeeding, the need to provide injections and how to take care of themselves as mothers.
Zenith Sangma, a member of the committee, said that 52 cases have been found to have lost T.49 crore and 23 cases have lost T.49 crore. The fourth is due to the incorrect collection of funds worth T.101.80 crore.
Kolkata Knight Riders have been unable to join the IPL team, according to reports. The team is now looking for a replacement for Iyer's captaincy. Andre Russell may now be the leading candidate for the post.
The protests have spread to the Khasi Hills where several political parties including the Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR), the Garo Students Union (GSU) and the Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) have decided to hold a rally. Shillong, on Monday, 16th November, 2013, to protest against the proposal to impose martial law in Garo Hills.
Meanwhile, Mokhain scored 10 goals through a mistake by one of Lelad's players.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 15: As we all know, many villages in the rural areas of Meghalaya are facing many problems in many aspects in terms of health care facilities, but one The Chief of Army Staff, a retired Colonel, who is a doctor in charge of children, infants and children, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, He has been appointed as a doctor at Saipung PHC, East Jaintia Hills District and has volunteered to serve the area through this PHC. This PHC is run by the Karuna Trust.
Pathaw said recently, even the Meghalaya High Court has recently expressed its concern regarding the issue of land and there is a suggestion that the property card should be implemented, but not the property card. Your Digital Land Record is still available.
III.HIS PRAYER: The Repentance is one that our Lord Jesus Christ had to do even before He gave His soul to the Father.
Replying to this, Bah Tynsong said that the Western Bypass to Pynursla, which is also his constituency, is still in the process of acquiring land.
Patnaik directed government officials, especially the Panchayat Raj, Housing and Urban Development and Energy Departments, to be prepared for the needs of these situations.
Speaking to media, he said that in this election, the NPF has faced several challenges and for this reason it has contested only 22 candidates.
Meanwhile, Turkey said it had started evacuating its citizens by trucks and vehicles through the streets of Wad Medai, but was suspended due to the fire. in Khartoum, near the Muslim mosque, which is also located near the parliament.
“In my opinion, the freight railway should come, but there should be measures or laws to protect it like MRSSA, ILP which is discussed from time to time,” said Mayralborn.
While talking on the phone, the 108 team also informed the Madanrting Police Station.
Here we understand that there was no way to preach the name of Jesus in Israel.
“Bah PN Syiem is a powerful and money-hungry man and I request other MDCs to be vigilant when dealing with this kind of person and he is good at deceiving people,” he said. “The Governor has not yet approved the members of the EC but the appointment of Bah PN Syiem to the Trade and Finance Department has something behind it,” she said.
New Delhi: Hundreds of people have died in Mayur Vihar Phase III, Delhi today. Doctors have rushed to the scene to examine the dead and those who have died. They fell from the branches of the trees, according to the report today.
The JCILPS has staged a protest demanding that the government should implement the ILP to prevent the illegal influx of mynder into the state.
The ban on coal mining has forced the government to cut up to 20 percent of the budget of various government departments.
To promote the glory of the country and life will be enlightened.
He said that there are times when the founders of schools, although they are rich, end up halfway.
However, the scientists remain the scientists who are only in the hands of the people without paying attention.
“It is through the cooperation of all the parties that there are now 45 MLAs in the ruling party.
He said that those who suffer the most are those who are seriously ill, because when the disease is severe they have to be carried by a person and to carry patients and walk five kilometers is not easy.
Manipur Chief Minister N Biren Singh said one pistol was seized from a person who was not allowed to possess it. the number in it is not used.
The affected wells are Umthlu and Umdathli near the coke factories. The two Dorbar Shnongs have been concerned about the severe impact of these drinking water wells. They want to immediately destroy the coke factory near these wells.
Speaking of films, Kiara will be seen in Satyaprem Ki Katha with Kartik Aaryan and RC 15 with Ram Charan.
The second leg will be held on Friday at the same venue and the match will start at 8.30 pm.
“There were about five people who went with Abishek Roy,” he said.
To import:-1
“Although the UDP does not have any MLAs or MDCs from Garo Hills, we are proud that the party has its own vote share.
They surrounded the Assam Police and Forest Guard, which led to the shooting.
Pompeo said today that President Trump is clear that the military can take part if necessary and that is what the United States will do.
“What gift do you want when you have received your reward?” said another older man.
The KSU has not been given accommodation at all, but has been sent to the Quarantine Center, even after the KSU said that she is not infected with Covid-1 Haryana This is not the first time that this has happened at Meghalaya House, New Delhi and the KSU has lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister's Office.
In my brief knowledge, God also recognizes any family through the Father (Shynrang), as we have heard, the family of Abraham.
“There is no point in saying the same thing, that the VPP has not yet given its opinion and does not need to give its opinion, but the important thing is that this Expert Committee will start implementing the work on how to look into the reforms. “We will look into the Reservation Policy and look into the report of the Committee, whether we still need to speak or whether we have accepted the decision of the Expert Committee,” said Bah Ardent.
He said that the Forum has been appointed to oversee the construction of the temporary buildings at the festival, but surprisingly, Tein said that the contractor for the work has come to submitted its Bill to the Council for the construction of temporary structures on those two days.
On the same day, the Ri Bhoi Youth Movement under the leadership of Bah David Syngkli General Secretary donated money to the family of the victim and sent their condolences to the family. of a deceased mother and a 3-year-old child.
Shillong, Iaiong 5: U Bah K Lang, Minister in charge of Iewduh, on Tuesday said that the Mylliem Hima has decided to temporarily collect taxes from the market vendors in Iewduh.
Doctor SD Lyngwa also gave an explanation on the mentally disabled.
He said that initially when the Congress went to work in Rambrai to organize the party, the NPP leaders were very critical.
Jowai: A woman identified as Roimon Siangshai, from Pdeintalo village on the border of Lapangap and Karbi-Anglong, has lodged a complaint against the Pdeintalo Catholic Church alleging that the church has removed the The woman has lodged three complaints against the Secretary Shnong who is also the Secretary. The woman has lodged three complaints against the Secretary Shnong. VEC, Telmi Dkhar for misuse of power in the distribution of ration and Job Cards, another against the Secretary Shnong and Village Member Telmi Dkhar and his brother-in-law, Pyrkhat Dkhar. Telmi Dkhar, who is an elder of the church and is also a teacher of the SSA School, has been arrested on charges of robbing the Catholic Church. In her complaint against the distribution of ration and Job Cards, the mother alleged that since 2014 until now, no BPL ration has been distributed to Eiporlang Siangshai.
Through the two major development projects of the MDA government through the NPP, namely the Ranikor Civil Sub Division and the declaration of Sngap Syiem College as a Community College, Mawkyrwat, Prestone appealed to the people to join hands with the party.
The curfew has been imposed for 14 days and they are now allowed to travel as usual.
Speaking to media on Friday, N. Munish Singh, Zonal Director, said that the purpose of the caravan is to promote the customs and traditions of the Japanese.
“If we find that there is no Khasi, we will close the door on the day we go to inspect the place,” said Bah Mawlong.
The meeting was attended by the leaders of the Seng, including Dr. Moses Kharbithai, Chief Adviser of the Seng.
According to neighbors, at the time of the incident, there were only three persons in the house, Menu and Aditya were inside the house while Kalpana was inside the house. she was still outside, and when the well fell they said it fell directly on Kalpana and they suspected that this was the reason why she died hashen.
Leaders from Nandurbar (Maharashtra) gave their views on the measures taken such as the establishment of a district dashboard and migrants' profile to reduce food shortages.
But on the other hand, there are some leaders who really work for the people of the electorate but just because they forget to respect the leaders, when it comes time to re-elect the leaders, many are fooled by other candidates.
Amitabh Bachchan today celebrated his 77th birthday with his family.
Shillong, July 16: The Chief Ministers of Garo Hills have demanded that the government should amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution by setting up a Regional Council without political parties.
“The owners have to submit an affidavit, the tenants have to submit an affidavit.
The new office bearers of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee include Deibormi Syad, President and Philip J. Bamon, Pheinlang Siangshai and Firstly Syad.
They were taken to Patharkhmah CHC for treatment.
Shillong: The President of the AHAM, Champion R Sangma, has strongly condemned the incident which happened yesterday at Shoh Shrieh, Tuber, East Jaintia Hills.
Meanwhile, in Laban area, due to heavy rainfall since 3:00 pm, water has been distributed through a small stream and flowed into the road and houses.
Andrew also demanded that the EC should cancel the NOC issued to the government for the signboard which was canceled in 2017 and revived for the signboard at Jaliakhola (BP). - No.1299) to Dawki (BP No.1273) which borders the State with Bangladesh.
It is worth mentioning that the ability of Umden Umsaitprah Village to build this tourist attraction is due to the assistance of HDFC Bank through the CSR known as HDFC Parivatan.
“Rain is the enemy of the road,” he said.
“In Swinburne's theodicy he speaks directly of the meaning and end of those events.
Why don’t others do the same? Why don't you accept it? Why doesn’t the government listen? The roads do not belong to schools, but to the people.
The program was conducted by Bah Albinus Nongkynrih, Asst Manager cum ERP I/C EFC, Mawryng Kneng C&RD Block, EKH. Also present on the occasion were Kong Benilin Pathaw, Senior Manager, NRM, SPMU, MBMA/MBDA, DPMs, staff of DPMU, EKH, South West KH, WKH, Ribhoi, WJH, EJH, staff. of EFC- ERP, FEs, TAs, MTAs, Driver (LAMP & Non-LAMP C & RD Blocks), Commander Shangpliang, President HFU, Kong Binolin Syiemlieh, CM, NSSS, Somjit Dutta, Host to Meghalaya Film Festival, staff of GIS, CLLMP, NGOs, Internship Children, and members of various groups (IVCS, PG, VEC (NRM), private sector) who numbered more than
Ronnie said the Asian Development Bank (ADB) has agreed to allocate T.40 crore for the renovation of the Marten landfill but it has not yet allocated the funds and if the funds are received, the government will implement them. This is not to put the modern equipment in this area.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: A strong storm has struck Sohpdok village in Mawhati constituency.
We the people don't know whose is whose but only this one as the saying goes, “The struggle doesn't always bring destruction on one side”.
He said that the government should register the tourists who come to the state.
Farmers in Punjab have blocked trains for the past three days, disrupting train traffic in the state.
It is therefore important for the workers to come together and fight against the oppressive forces and to demand laws that can promote and protect their rights.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Rangbah Shnong of Sutnga-Narwan District, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday strongly condemned the MDC of Jalaphet, Ma Hoping Stone Bareh, MDC of Sutnga-Narwan Constituency. He was also the Chairman of the SMC Jalaphet Mootha LP School, Jalaphet on the occasion of the appointment of two SSA teachers, Marvelous Dkhar and Nicely Pakem from Jalaphet Mootha LP School. Sutnga village since 3rd June 2014 without any proper grounds.
KSU Jowai Circle on receiving information about the incident, immediately rushed to the school under the leadership of Morningstar Pasi.
Therefore, as the organization which has the aim to promote tourism in the district, they request the Meghalaya government to immediately resolve and expel the Assam police from the area, due to the presence of The Assam police in the area have caused a huge loss to the state, because the wealth that the Khasi people should have received, has been taken away by foreigners.
“We will give him two months now to submit a report to us and if he remains silent, we will hold a protest by staying near the prime minister's house,” he said.
However, in terms of protecting the Hynniewtrep people from violence and exploitation at the hands of foreigners, or the foreign police, they have no bones or blood to shed,” said the HNLC. Criticizing the two Chief Secretaries, the HNLC said, “Prestone and Sniawbhalang have been used by Garo leaders like Mukul Sangma and Conrad K. Sangma as political capitals. The Congress and now the NPP. They are like the donkeys in Aesop's Fables.
One of the problems is that there is no clear indication of the source of Um-i river (Amring) when we put (Amring) because Um-i and Amring should be the same or nearby but we all know that If they say Amring (it may be Amreng) they mean the Mynriang River which is one of the largest rivers flowing between Labang Nangphyllut District.
The deceased was identified as Jamal Mia, 30, of Barpeta, according to his family members.
He stressed the need to find out the facts when spreading news and to avoid rumors, which create doubt.
The meeting will also determine how to conduct the programs of the organization this year.
He said that all the leaders and members of the party will come together tomorrow to sit at the venue from 10 am to 4 pm.
Moses did not know himself that he was a Hebrew when he learned the whole truth he went back to the Hebrews into slavery.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Hynniewtrep Petroleum Workers Association (HPWN) has demanded the reopening of the petrol station of the Indian Oil Corporation Limited at Pyllun village in Umiam, Ri-Bhoi. In 1992, it was closed down in June 2010, despite the strong opposition from the party,” said HPWN President Alister N Diengdoh.
Justice BP Katakey, head of the Committee on Coal Industry, recently sent his 18th report to the Meghalaya High Court and advised the State Government to introduce rules on the mining of coal according to the technology. now and when transporting coal because there may be a possibility of illegal mining.
On the Reservation Policy, the party has already sent a letter to the government to improve the recruitment policy, but no reply has been received yet and this is only the beginning of the demand. If the government delays, no decision will be taken to hold a public meeting in Jaiaw.
It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in princes" (Psalm 118:8,9).
In Dalu Civil Sub-Division, Ian Botham K Sangma launched the flag ceremony.
The court said that those who violated the law have not been arrested and this has led the court to decide that the Central Armed Police Forces are needed to curb the crime.
According to a report received from North Korean intelligence agencies, during the Korean War, US bombers dropped hundreds of bombs on North Korea and said that it is also more than what the US dropped on the entire Pacific in World War II.
Remember that serving others is the key to glory.
The Prime Minister's reply came after the HNLC, yesterday, proposed to talk to the government, without any conditions.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: A meeting of SSA teachers of South West Khasi Hills District will be held on the 12th of this month at Durbar Hall Mawkyrwat at 10:30 am.
Shillong: The Sohra Labor Union will hold a public meeting on the 10th November 2019 at Pdengshong Dorbar Hall, Sohra at 6 pm.
“The Managing Committee of the school has tried its best to take care of the school building and has sought ways and means to get support, but God has sent the best people who have the spirit to help. to provide for our needs," he said.
Bah Lambokstarwell said that these rules are something that we as a nation cannot accept.
Polish tennis star Iga Swiatek, who is also the world champion, is quick to take the lead in the French Open; She has moved up to second place in the tournament after winning all her sets against Spain's Cristina Bucsa 6-4, 6-0
Rahul was also invited to attend the programme.
On the 30th March, the State Government has issued a directive to implement the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 by directing the owners and residents of houses in nine villages in Shillong that they may register themselves in the first place.
“This is the only way for the Khasi language to be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India,” said Dr.DRL Nonglait, President of KAS. day.
So far, 50,000 people are still living in temporary shelters set up by the state government in 349 camps across the state.
That time is not jjjar.
Trucks heading to Silchar also had to stop three times from 7 mer, Umtyra and Ratachera.
In the reign of King David, he established the city to rule in the affairs of the Kingdom, in the year 1003 B.C. There are eight gates in this city.
Lajong FC, on the other hand, after winning the last match and four draws, now have six points from four games and are behind Delhi by one point.
Kriti in an interview with Hina said that she needs to control her language and not to spread too much so that it affects others. .
To work well, you who are wise, to those who are far away.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 19: The Special Judge of the High Court (POCSO) on Tuesday sentenced two robbers to 10 years imprisonment for raping a 17-year-old girl in
The President and Secretary of the HNYF Lapalang Unit have received many complaints from the residents of Raid Mawshun regarding the misuse of the Dorbar Hall of Raid Mawshun. This Dorbar Hall is the house of Syiar.
The new cases include EGH: 14 (Others), EJH: 08 (Others), EKH: 201 Others, NGH: 16 (Others), RBD: 44 Others, SGH: The total number of recoveries from the disease has risen to
Two Vice Presidents of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh Arwan Singh Tariang and Rgh O Pyngrope, handed over the house at Umlangmar village. 16 households of the Seng Khasi.
“I am proud if the people of Sohiong get government jobs, so I urge the students to work hard to get government jobs,” he said.
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan today announced that all government jobs in the state will be filled only by the full residents of the state.
We have seen the incident on the border, why doesn't the government send police to patrol, it says it should set up that committee.
However, the surprising thing is that this age is the age of complete change.
“Therefore...the ILP is not a matter of concern, the concern is the illegal entry of mynder and foreigners and people feel that the ILP or some groups feel that the ILP helps in remove these anxieties.
The service will be held at Dinam Hall, Student Square.
U Bah Tynsong, who in the past few days had expressed his love for the Jaidbynriew at a meeting, has now suddenly turned cold with the second outbreak of Khlam.
I also call upon my Christian friends that as Christians we should no longer believe in foolishness or doubt the BJP. Many Christians but the government has added that the BJP at the same time the office bearers and MLAs are Christians. Modi Zindabat has accused the Congress of misleading the Muslim people just to get politics.
To put the future of the youth first.
Speaking to media, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, in the presence of Bah Pateng Marsing Working President and members, said that as the youth of Ri-Bhoi, they are deeply saddened by the tender issued by the MIDC. The tender costs more than Rs 8 crore and the local contractors from this area cannot do the work because many of the contractors especially the classes. III They only spend time to renew their documents but they don't have time to work.
Chilliangraij beat Sohmynting 1-0 in the Under-17 Independence Day Cup (WJDSA) which was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Saturday.
There are about 10 teams in the Super Division.
Dr Lyngdoh said that through the 10th Schedule is a small gap that allows them to address their contempt for the party and this is a way to explain to the people. The politics of these MLAs will be decided after the 2023 election.
“Those who are illegal have been attacked by the people just because they eat meat and sell meat which has happened more and more after the BJP came to power.
In order that there may be no more differences of opinion, besides this difference of opinion, in order to avoid the condemnation of each other, it would be better for A'chik and Hynniewtrep to bury each other. to walk straight ahead in his own way.
He also reminded that in connection with the stone throwing by Bangladeshi tourists at Dawki in the past few days, it is surprising that the BSF have disappeared at such times when our Khasi have been thrown stones at Dawki. attack.
Disparsing recalled that the reply by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare James Sangma in the Legislative Assembly was that the central government has released only T.76 crore to Meghalaya.
He said that he did not have any opinion on the rules of the Meghalaya Combined Competitive Examination.
I saw the Tourism counter, the Agriculture counter but they didn't have much work to do.
Among the 18 Rangbah Shnongs, there are also Sordars and Secretaries.
There are 220 cases in East Khasi Hills, 22 cases in West Garo Hills, 7 cases in Ri Bhoi, 7 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills.
Nongpoh, Lber 01: The District Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District today issued an order ban ban holding public celebrations or rallies after the completion of the counting of votes. The results of the elections to the Legislative Assembly of the State will be announced by 4 pm on 4th October
Speaking to media, Bah Rymbui said that the government listens to the demands of many people and cannot ignore any demand, but will sit down. to the government to consider what it can do.
The match came to an end when Iewrynghep Secondary School beat North Liberty High School 4-2
He also mentioned the appointment of hundreds of Chairman, the organization of various festivals, the purchase of expensive cars and others.
He said that in 2019, the UDP won up to 10 MDCs, but now it has only nine.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Joint Action Committee of the Sohiong Hima Hima has sent a letter of reminder to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to appoint Bah Bashemphang Thabah. the Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohïong.
The government decided to close down the factories.
The worker works not only for himself, he has children, he has a wife, whom he must feed, drink and clothe and care for when they are sick.
Over the years, ITC Vivel has allowed users to experience smooth, plump skin with a range of soap products.
Student Employee
Thugs of Hindostan has grossed Rs 100 crore in the first three days of its release.
In La Liga, Barcelona beat Espanyol 4-0
I will ensure that there will be no one who will not be able to showcase their talents.
On the other hand, the CEO said that the garbage trucks of the Jowai Municipal Board collect garbage from the parking lots every day from 5 pm to 8 pm except on Fridays.
This reminds us of the dark days when the teachers of Lower Primary Schools during the tenure of the District Council when the teachers had to sleep on the footpath. take to the streets every month for their salaries.
The NSSS received notice of the award from 26 November 2022 and a public announcement was made on 12 July 2023.
(iii) Casual and contractual employees appointed through labor contractors not only do not receive salary, they are deducted an additional five percent (5%) and more from their salary.
This month, the children of Sutnga Elaka have come out again to express their opposition to the coal mining factories in the Elaka which have endangered the health of the people and the environment.
On the 5th of March, a complaint was received at the Cantonment Beat House that on the 4th of March at about 9:20 pm, Lakhan Singh, a Ranji cricketer, was shot dead by a group of policemen. Anjalee Cinema Hall.
Recently, it was reported that, due to the lack of understanding of the odd and even numbers issued by the government for public transport, the people of Laitlyngkot area went to get medicine for the sick and suffering, but when they reached Laitlyngkot ,If you don't like it, you won't be able to sleep.
M.Langstang, Secretary IVCS Jalyiah, Bah Vikram Dkhar.
Bah Foster Kharsahnoh Secretary of Sohphoh Village, said that the village wants to overcome the plastic waste and they have tried to put dusbins at every corner of the road and also along the road and the village as a whole has been getting more plastic waste. The management of these schools, teachers and students have taken on the responsibility to keep the village clean and tidy.
On the other hand, it is difficult for God to give according to man's desires.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills has risen to 2,339 and East Khasi Hills has 1,609 cases, including 1,573 civilians.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) on Tuesday said that the victory of any party in the government will strengthen the government.
He said that the situation in the party is as usual and there is no difference or struggle.
We also understand that the bih in the tits that are not suitable for food is very dangerous as many people have died in recent years and others have suffered severely.
If you have a meter with Shi units, you can pure the meter reader every month.
Jowai: "We strongly support the voice of the people of Mawlai" said the voice of the people of Jaintia Hills at the flag raising ceremony held yesterday from East Jaintia Hills, Khliehriat to Jowai, West Jaintia Hills.
The peace talks between the HNLC and the central government as well as the state government have been going on since last year in the presence of representatives from the state government through Bah Peter S Dkhar and from the HNLC through Bah Sadon Blah. The Vice Chairman, Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa, who later resigned from the party, was also present.
It is from such a vision and thinking that the Sixth Scheduled will come into being which is the basis of the District Councils in our districts to protect our land, customs and traditions and way of life. .
At present, he said, this policy has been very biased for the Khasi Jaintia, but it is time to review and renew this reservation policy according to the population of the state. .
“We have discussed many issues but we have not been able to take a decision and we will meet again next month to complete the work and prepare the demands before sending them back to the central government and the state government," he said.
Therefore, regarding the construction of the Assam Building in Khanapara, the union will send a letter to the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District and also to the State Government officials, in order to stop the construction of the Building. The Assam Building is located in this area, which is still in Meghalaya, he added.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has ordered his troops not to leave their bases in Anbar province, fearing they could be captured. The Katie area, which was also a hotbed of fighting with Saddam Hussein, in 2003, the report said.
On Tuesday, these organizations submitted a petition to the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma to request him to consider the issues of the Garo people living in Ri-lum Khasi and to discuss. and to the State Government to take action on this issue.
She also urged to take action to bring in the necessary equipment according to the present era.
However, there are those who say that it is too late because the government has not decided to provide enough assistance.
Shillong, Nailar 17: One of the oldest karate training centers in the country The All Meghalaya Karate Association (AMKA) on Friday set a record for the highest number of participants in the annual tournament held by the association.
He also congratulated the scholars who submitted their papers to this competition.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Samla Saphirihun Lyngdoh from Alpha English HSS, said that she is very happy that all her hard work has been successful and she has been able to harvest the clean soh today. I am very happy and thankful to God that it is through his presence that I have reached this goal.
We need peace, we want stability," he added.
On the 3rd November 2022, Kyntiewnam FC will face Jongksha SC at 11:45 pm and Ar Tourist FC will face Thangsning SC&C at 1:45 pm. The second quarterfinal will be played on the 6th November 2022 at 11:45 pm between Real Mythics FC and Thangsning FC at 1:45 pm. FC.The semifinal will be played on November 9 and the final will be played on November 14,
“Ade Mama, did you come...?” I said. “Yes, Lydia, I'm sorry.
Shillong, July 22: Two teams from Group A, PFR Academy and Laitkor SC, have won the Shillong Sports Association's Women's League today. MFA Turf at Third Ground, Polo, on Friday.
This information is used by various teams to identify areas for improvement.
The MCAB has set a target to open more ATMs in Tura, Jowai, Nongstoin, Nongpoh and Williamnagar in the coming days.
In addition, NOCs (No-Objection Certificates) were also received from all those involved.
Regarding the distribution of food items, Kong Ibanshisha Marpna, said that the Child Line Department is a department that works to look after the problems of children especially those who are suffering in many ways. , as the department itself after learning that there are many families in need especially those families who also have children in their homes so this step was taken to provide as much as possible the needs of the it is in the field of food and drink and others.
There are 139 cases in East Khasi Hills, 98 cases in West Khasi Hills, 3 cases in West Khasi Hills, 13 cases in Ribhoi, 4 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 2 cases in West Garo Hills. 15 cases, 2 cases from South West Garo Hills, 1 case from East Garo Hills and 1 case from North Garo Hills.
Not only that, the photographs of these militants, who were involved in the attack on the churches, were also displayed and named.
He made his breakthrough in the One Day International (ODI) in November 2004 against Bangladesh, and the following year made his debut Test against Sri Lanka.
God says – “Because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, because thou hast forgotten the law of thy God: I will also forget thy children.
What is needed now is that we must get rid of this terrible disease, without losing even a single precious life of our loved ones in the power of this disease.
He said that the party is determined to strengthen its demand and struggle for change in the employment system for the benefit of all in the State.
The price of Non-NFSA rice should not exceed T.14/- per kilo.
However, due to lack of proper thinking and action, it has continued until now, and I have no doubt that if we don't implement and improve it, it will continue for a long time. pass through the days and times to come as well.
We can be Doctors, Nurses, Lab Technicians, other Health Workers in our own fields to serve small or large.
“There is no point in relying on the Inner Line Permit Act or the Scheduled Areas of the North East, including Mizoram, because the BJP government will revoke it at any time,” he said. say more and more.
With this victory, Lajong have moved up to the top of the table with nine points equal to Rangdajied United, who have dropped to second place.
After the incident, the rescue team rushed to the scene and has been searching for the man since that day.
After the meeting with Reddy, State President Ernest Mawrie said, “We have discussed the corruption in both these councils (GHADC and JHADC).
The timing of vaccination for children may vary from one disease to another.
The program was organized by the DCC in collaboration with the Nartiang BCC. The meeting was conducted by Elias Susngi, President of 1-Nartiang BCC. The Congress Party has been able to register many members from the 1-Nartiang Constituency.
According to a source, the youth, who was arrested by the Assam police, was known as Lieh Arkingwell. There is also a public meeting in the Langpih area.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, the sign light may not have been cut off for a long time, as he did not see any damage to the light inside the village.
In the Men's Open category, Ricky Rani came second and Balawan Habor Rynjah came fourth.
“If we compare what we have achieved as a state in 50 years, I am very proud because we are always at the bottom and that is why my conscience does not allow me to close my eyes or do nothing. “This is the fourth day of the state,” she said.
In these 82 villages, there are 1052 Women Self Help Groups (WSHGs) or women's organizations that support each other.
The HNLC has also expressed its concern over the plight of the youth of Hynniewtrep, alleging that they are not able to get jobs due to the corruption of the government officials. He also mentioned that the tah sialieh is one of the corruption in the employment of youth.
Article 44 in The Constitution Of India 1949Article 44: Uniform Civil Code for the citizens.
He said he is deeply sorry that the UDP has taken advantage of the situation just because he listened.
The investigating department has been authorized to hold a hearing on the minister for two days.
One of the Chief Police Officers of Ri Bhoi District said that he could not comment on the matter, and said that the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District will explain to the public on this matter.
Meghalaya reached the final of the Santosh Trophy after beating Punjab 2-1 in the semifinal, while Karnataka beat Punjab 2-1 and 3-1 against Services.
If you have any information, please call the Police Control at
On this occasion, the MLA also called for a new work to clean up the road which has been badly damaged and has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers.
On the other hand, the DC promised to take care of this issue in talks with the DC of West Karbi Anglong District, Assam.
Shillong, July 9: The Central Governing Body of AJYWO today under the leadership of Bah MH Dkhar, President of the AJYWO and Bah CL Sana Vice President of the AJYWO in collaboration with the Lad-Rymbai Police. Out Post has arrested a foreigner from Lad-Rymbai, Najrul Ahmed from Kainshal Karimganj village, Assam for smuggling mobile SIM cards of various telephones from Lad-Rymbai. Airtel, Aircel, Idea, Voda-Fone, Cell-One and Reliance.
Dr Roy said that billions of rupees from the state have gone abroad to buy foreign liquor, but if the government can pass a law, it will receive revenue from Khasi liquor and it will not be shisha is beautiful.
In accordance with the State's Electric Vehicle Policy 2021, up to 100 electric buses will be operated in Shillong and Tura.
The sudden issuance of the notification by the govt has put the teachers and even our society in darkness.
So far, there is no sign that MeECL or the government will talk to the companies that have built such projects.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, said that the letter to inform those Dolloi who have been suspended will be sent tomorrow morning. The EC has given them time to withdraw from collecting revenue till today.
“Do you have any videos of Ardent Basaiawmoit, because at that time he was one of the leaders of the Sengbhalang?” asked.
“Based on the size of the land in the State and there are also areas in the rural areas where there are no roads and the illegal mining and smuggling of coal is ongoing, 10 pyrtons of CISF will be sufficient to search vehicles and “It's a good idea to stop the smuggling of coal,” said the court.
They were cleaned with stones purchased by the Tourism Department from Sohra and transported by trucks to Mawphanlur. Even after the construction, the Tourism Department has not yet opened the park. this is the way to go.
The World Health Organization on Tuesday recognized the coronavirus as an airborne disease.
The decision to hand over the case from the CID Assam to the CBI was taken after the Director General of Police (DGP) Assam – GP Singh visited the workplace. of the CBI in Delhi.
Furthermore, various church groups in the area including the Catholic Church, the Church of Christ and the Presbyterian Church have decided to cooperate and re-establish the rynsan from tomorrow in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs in the area. so that this prayer may be conducted in a smooth and orderly manner.
However, we don't think that there are sins that we can repent of, there are sins that we can't repent of. heaven.
In this regard, it was appropriate to rise and say, “What is in the Bri U Hynniewtrep is related to the customs and traditions of the Ahom people.
KI UNIT :- The most interesting and fascinating and true story is about the NIANGROP and Thawla which the people of Tyngnger know (a) KA NIANGROP – This is one of the most interesting festivals of the children in The evening time is only in one of the four (4) seasons – as it says in the song – THESE SEASONS ARE NEAR. Like Deng ksiar and Soh Pilaw.
Confirming the name, Priyanka Chaturvedi of the Shiv Sena said, “The contest in 2024 will be between the INDIA against the NDA. Chak De, India”.
Besides being one of the most backward districts, South Garo Hills has been further backward by the natural disasters.
Walkingstar Marthong won the Senior Boy Best Athlete, Mira Lyngkhoi won the Senior Girl Best Athlete title, Pynshaibor Lyngkhoi won the Junior Girl Best Athlete title and Teilarympei Langrin won the Junior Girl Boys Best Athlete title.
The MPs had 5.2 lakh votes, Murmu 3.8 lakh votes and Sinha 1.4 lakh votes.
So far, the death toll worldwide has risen to 70,000, of which 50,215 have died in Europe alone.
He also urged that if there are such incidents, they should immediately inform the Police Station and the Police can take action.
Twelve households who are the owners of the land and their children have settled in this area.
Regarding the GHADC, I have nothing to say, because it is a little more difficult to implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 since the time of the British Government; I leave it to the intellectuals of Garo Hills who are greater than us as it is now to see how it should be done.
Prof. Streamlet Dkhar, Chairperson AIPC and Former Dean, School of Humanities, NEHU will also be present as the Chief Guest and Bah Joseph A. Marwein, Incharge SDSEO, Shillong as the Chief Guest.
Hek said that such incidents should not be blamed on the political parties or any other party, because such incidents have been found all over the country.
Apart from the Jews or Israel, it means the Gentiles and these Gentiles who believe in Jesus are spiritual Israel, and they are the children of God Himself.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11 : The Congress from Pynursla has nominated Bah Nehru Suting to contest against the Symbud Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong in the 2023 MLA elections.
A 7.65 mm pistol, a self-made rifle, ammunition, a motorcycle and other belongings were seized.
Adding to her speech, Ms Kharkongor, IAS reminded that the Inter National Consumer Day is not only celebrated here in India but in all countries of the world.
He asked whether the state government is so afraid to upset the VC of NEHU and those political leaders from Delhi? These are the government's preparations to improve the quality of education especially on the increase in prices with the implementation of the NEP. Meghalaya is the largest state in the world.
This was a meeting held by the FKJGP Central Body with the owners of various hotels in the state on 3rd November 2017 at Shillong Club including Pine Wood Hotel, City Hut Dhaba, Bamboo Hut. , Polo Towers, Yalana Hotel, Heritage Club, Pegasus, Blue Inn Berries and others, have decided to join hands to manage the market for their various needs. Poultry is not exported to the state.
Be confident in what you do and you will see that the world is within you".
“They tried to score against the PDF by name but the ball didn't go into the net.
Both the meetings were attended by Bah Evarish Sohbar Rangbah Shnong Kyllon Mathei, Bah James Sohbar Rangbah Shnong Sohbar and other elders of the area, including Bah Gigur Myrthong. to witness this day, as one of the residents of Kyllon Mathei.
Rupsing directed the ASP to fight as much as possible to maintain peace and stability in the area.
They want to provide employment and the government has approved them to employ about 20 locals in the department.
“After studying the documents, it was found that the amount deposited in the bank was less than the amount mentioned on the job card.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU President Donbok Kharlyngdoh said, “We will not allow garbage trucks to dump garbage in Marten until we receive an apology from Ampareen Lyngdoh”. that Ampareen should apologize in writing to the leaders of the protesting parties and through the newspapers.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) has increased the school bus fare for the students of Kendra Vidyalaya at 7 mer, Upper Shillong. It is alleged that every year the fees have been increased by thousands of tyngka which is no longer suitable for the families who send many children to the same school.
Besides, Conrad K. Sangma also urged the people to be careful in the use of electricity especially at these times when Meghalaya is facing a shortage of electricity.
Reachingson Siangshai, Vice President of AJYWO, said that foreigners who have Trading License have not complied with Rule 9 of the Trading by Non-Tribal Rules, ', which stipulates that license holders must display the license in their shops, in order to know the existence of their Trading Licence.
This soh is also called the holy soh which is used in rituals.
“The names of the endangered species were based on the survey conducted by the Zoological Survey of India in 1994,” he said.
Meanwhile, the Lamphang has approved the appointment of Congress MLA from Gambegre, Saleng A Sangma, as the Chief Whip of the Opposition.
On the other hand, he said that the power struggle between the government and the political parties will not bring any benefit but destruction.
The scheme was launched in 2009-10 in Meghalaya, and the Soil and Water Conservation Department has implemented three schemes.
George B.Lyngdoh, TMC candidate from Umroi, on Tuesday completed his nomination papers before the Returning Officer at the Deputy Commissioner's Office, Nongpoh.
Former India football star Bhaichung Bhutia has said that the time has come for former Meghalaya and India star Eugeneson Lyngdoh to take over as the leader of the Meghalaya Football Association.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Process said that the march was a sign of the beginning of preparations for the upcoming elections in June this year.
The HNYM also said that if the Minister wants too much railway, he should introduce the ILP soon, and it will be seen later whether the railway is sufficient or not. The NPP will forcibly introduce the railway line without adequate protection laws for the people. The HNYM will fight by any means to protect the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday urged all to cooperate to ensure that peace and order will return to the state and also to end the siege. Shillong, especially in the city.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, on Tuesday announced that private vehicles will start operating with odd numbers, or numbers that cannot be divided by 2, on Tuesday. God, while on the second day, they will walk divisible by 2 and after that, they will walk every day, according to this number.
Mr. Eugeneson said, “My father in his work, I have As a son I see that my father has a spirit of service and that should serve the people and those who have seen and experienced can prove it.
He called for the cooperation of the community as the police alone cannot fight against it.
The JSU-Khliehriat Circle, the HYF, the EJH Circle, the JYF-EJH and others have expressed their views on the issue. They strongly condemned the perpetrators and demanded that they be investigated and arrested.
The HNLC, which has been fighting against the government for 35 years to demand the rights of the Khasi people, will start peace talks with the state and central governments in the first month of July. .
According to sources, the incident happened at about 3 pm this morning when the five houses belonging to Kolita Lyngkhoi, which she had sold four shops and four shops, were destroyed. one of the remaining people was destroyed.
Therefore, the Dorbar requests the Government especially the Prime Minister to expedite the Civil Sub Division for the needs and welfare of the people and requests that this speech of the Prime Minister will be a great blessing. to the residents of the area especially to be close to government offices.
In fact, the sign, which will be the end of the age of sin and the beginning of the age of righteousness, is the resurrection of Jesus on the last day.
“We have provided masks,” he said. “I came from Delhi yesterday morning, the search or screening of people was done only for those who came from abroad from the airport and there was no search or screening. to the villagers even in Delhi,” said Hek.
The Minister of State for Electricity, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that the PFC has accepted this and the government is now preparing the necessary arrangements to take the money to pay back to NEEPCO, which has reduced the electricity supply in the state. for thou hast asked me.
“I have directed the Superintendent Enforcement of the Council to search the Trading License and investigate these shops of foreigners selling juti and other goods.
Plastics are bad because they take hundreds of years to decompose, or about five hundred years, into short pieces known as microplastics.
Portugal took the lead by holding and passing the ball well against Morocco.
As the 50-year-old border issue, wait in a few months and we will see how it will go,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: Shillong Lajong FC Under-19 Football Team has started its journey in the Oil-DFA All India Under-19 Inter-Academy Invitational Football Tournament United beat Chirang Duar FC on Tuesday to win the title.
During the surprise inspection by MePDCL, it was found that many of the consumers who do not have permits have been charged their service connection fees by the wiremen. There are also those who do not install meters and service pipes because the meter and pipes are not installed by these wiremen.
Tura, March 10 : The incumbent MDC of GHADC, Zikzak, has been accused by the Civil Society Achik Welfare Organization (CWO) of neglecting the road construction project. The Central Government has implemented the PMGSY scheme, which has brought suffering to the people of South Garo Hills.
He was born on 15th August 1909 in the house of the Syiem of Nongstoin.
On the 2nd of November, the CID has arrested Bah GK Ïangrai, Commandant of the SF-10 Battalion, on charges of involvement in the embezzlement of funds allocated for the construction of the SF-10 Battalion. NERS-PSAP at Sadar Police Station.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the passengers said that last night at about 9:30 pm when he left Shillong, the traffic jam was heavy.
Others who attended the program included Bah WK Kharbuli, Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, RC Sohkhlet, IAS Registrar, Cooperative Societies, MD Meghalaya, employees of Cooperation Department; Meghalaya-LAMP, MBMA and Apex Bank Ltd among others.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that since last year when the Bill was introduced, no one knows what it is because no one has discussed or listened to the feelings of the people of the North East, but This time the introduction of the Bill is different because the Government of India has called for discussion and listening to the views of all the citizens.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Education, Lahkmen Rymbui today said that the government has sent a letter to the Ministry of Tribal Affairs requesting to increase the scholarship of students.
Ma OR Shallam, strongly criticized the MLA Jowai and the Minister of Urban Affairs for not being able to solve the problem of the people in Jowai.
N.Munish Singh said that the choice to hold the caravan in Shillong is because Shillong is home to all the different ethnic groups and it is also a beautiful place and the people are also who are interesting.
The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 49 lakh with 83,809 new cases reported today and 1,054 deaths.
There was also a question from some journalists whether the state government will call for talks with these organizations, but on this issue, the Chief Minister said that these organizations will not. The leaders have fled and refused to listen to the proposals of the State Government and continue their protests.
Therefore, we should think about how to create ways and means to live together otherwise it will lead to confusion, violence and serious looting in the future.
About 35,000 children will receive these textbooks through LP teachers as soon as they start school.
The Minister's visit came after the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Central Body had submitted a petition to its office in Shillong recently regarding the excessive deterioration of the auditorium. the colour, the seating areas, the poor condition of the wells, the lack of toilets, electricity and others.
Speaking to media in Shillong, the CEM said that if there is such a proposal, the JHADC needs to hold a thorough discussion with the State Government and also with all stakeholders from the people of region, village leaders and organizations.
(Moral) Mahatma Gandhi as one of the thinkers said, “The goal of education is the development of a good life.
After a few days of allegations of formalin in fish and Lumpy Skin Disease in cows, there has been a spread of rumors on social media. ' through Whatsapp which has frightened the people that even the chickens have the disease.
In April, an Islamic student killed his own teacher inside the school located in the city of Arras.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District has charged under Section 144 Cr.
“The District Council is the protector of the traditional customs and traditions and therefore I urge the people to cooperate with the villages, raids and Hima together with the District Council to strengthen the service from now on.
Therefore, today, July 19, 2023, they have decided to resume the slaughter of cows by ending the slaughter of only healthy cows. who are the signs of illness.
He has donated rice, wheat, food oil and other necessities to about 40 residents of Moosakhia village who are disabled and the elderly.
People were forced to stay in temporary shelters provided by the government as their houses were inundated.
He said that those Seng Riewlum which used to claim to be patriotic parties, have now turned into patriotic parties and nationalist parties.
“Therefore, I would like to clarify from you whether the report of the inquiry has been submitted to the State Government, whether a copy of the inquiry has been sent to the Chief Electoral Officer, Meghalaya and whether you have provided any information. Shillong, November 20: Have you sent a copy of your investigation report to the ED or have you sent a copy of your investigation report to the ED?” Shillong, November 20: The Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) on Tuesday said that it is not against the signboard on the border but demanded that the signboard should be from the Zero Line which separates the border villages. Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
The emergence of the United People's Front of Karbi Longri (UPFKL) has shocked the Pnars living in 36 villages known as Block- I.The emergence of this group has reminded us of the displacement of the Pnars in Block-I in 2004 when the people left their homes and fled. to escape the tyrsim and bloodthirsty Karbi rebels.
In the first match, Services beat Manipur 3-0 while Railways beat West Bengal 1-0 in the second match.
Nongpoh: One section of the road from Umsning to Mawrong, near the PHE Umsning Division office, has been badly damaged and the deterioration of the road has affected not only the vehicles. They should not pass through this road, but also for the public and school children, because in parts of this road, it was found that the water flows along the road.
“On the other hand, the union demands that many of the applicants should be allowed to enter the state and they should be given priority because this is our land.
Besides the drugs, police also seized a mobile phone and T.5620 cash.
He said, “It is too early for me to comment on this situation but there are many reasons why we have already held several meetings to discuss this issue.
What is more sad is that even this road which has just been constructed has been destroyed.
Other water supply projects include the Greater Shillong Water Supply Project, the Nongstoin Urban Water Supply Project, the Greater Rymbai Water Supply Project and the Greater Ampati Water Supply Project at a cost of Rs 593 crore.
On 27th June, the Meghalaya Pig Farmers Association (MPFA) had met with Bah AL Hek to discuss the issue, but it was clear that the government has not done anything.
