“This mother has been suffering from physical problems since she gave birth to her first, second, third and now fourth child.
The fire broke out from a shop selling tea and spread to a shop selling ktung.
Rymbai Shkenshynriah FC have qualified for the semifinals after beating Mihmyntdu FC 3-1 in the quarterfinals of the (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament. at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
Shillong, July 10: “I wash clothes in people's homes and earn 180 tyngka a month.
The name Diengsyiang comes from the tree of Reitlang.
The SP said it is highly suspected that the body may be a man according to the clothes found from the body, and has been sent to NEIGRIHMS for examination and the investigation is ongoing.
In this regard, in the last seven years, with the encouragement of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, our government has been able to implement more than 96 lakh MSMEs across the state. in which this has benefited and supported people," Yogi said.
At present, Bah Nongbri said that many of the jobs have been done by foreigners, so as a person who understands the problems of the poor, he has the desire to bring about Employment opportunities among the indigenous people through various schemes ranging from mystery workers, domestic workers, laundresses and other jobs.
In the men's category, Raynel Kharbuki beat RBD 21-10, 21-15 while Stephan Marwein (EKH) beat Mewanlamkupar 18-21, 21-1 , 21-14.
During the inspection, the union found that these foreigners in Ïawmawsiang have illegally owned shops selling tar on the roads and along the roads despite the authorities. The market and the JHADC have been strictly enforced.
There were also discussions that the elaka was newly created by the British Government after it overthrew the rule of Syiem Rajendra Singh in The Rymbai Elaka, formerly known as the Ynru Chnong Elaka, is old, it was first established during the reign of the Malngiang Syiems in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills. They also threatened the residents of the area but also the residents of the neighboring areas.
Their presence in the Khadar administration is a hope for the state as a whole if they take the initiative to advocate and speak for the people.
There are also forest products that are cultivated by paid farmers, but the Government does not recognize them as agricultural products.
“The question now is where are all the medicines that the Health Department of the government spends tens of crores every year to buy medicines and distribute to the people.
The closing date for registration is 20th July 2023 from 5.30 pm, on 24th July 2023 the starting time will be 6.30 pm.
The AJPM led by Ardipaul Rymbai after its service to the community by donating blood to those in urgent need of blood has decided to join hands with the JSM to strengthen their service to others.
Many Sohsaw farmers have brought their Sohsaw to the Collection Centers before exporting them to neighboring states and Bangladesh.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said that he himself does not have a home, but there are lakhs of girls in the country who have their own homes. they will live and work, through the schemes of the Government of India.
Before the programme, in the morning, a meeting was held with the children of the Seiñ Raij Muthlong, the office bearers, members and departments of the Seiñ Raij at the Bair Seiñ Raij Muthlong. The march from Biar Seiñ Raij Muthlong to the office of SKSR-12 Daloi at Thadmuthling C Phramer.
Shillong: Ka KHNAM, today lodged a complaint against the appointment of employees through nepotism by government departments from time to time.
“There is no intention to change the leadership, we still trust Dr Mukul Sangma as the leader,” said Bah Process. “All the MLAs still trust Dr Mukul Sangma as the leader. leader and there is no complaint against him".
Shillong, Nailar 27 : U Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his speech at the 104th session of the Mann Ki Baat has praised Bah Brian D Kharpran Daly from Meghalaya for his contribution to the country. works related to crematoria in Meghalaya.
Although I do not agree with the results of the election and the facts above, there will be a handover ceremony on July 20,” Trump said in a statement. sun.
"Yes, that's my will..." said Bah Shanbor. "Yes, you don't need those things, you know, I'm happy that I've been able to bring you here too. "To me, when I thank you..." said Bah Shanbor. Then the friend listened and laughed. "He he..." As he walked along the road.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KJBWA Vice President Bah Generous Warlarpih said that the market for meat has declined since the price hike but the KJBWA cannot do anything due to the shortage of cows.
In the first leg of the match, Madan beat Laitlulong Sports Club 2-1 at the 3rd Ground MFA Turf, Polo on Friday.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) on 21st November, in preparation for the 4th Meghalaya Games, held a meeting to prepare for the selection of its men and women athletes.
The Israelites will be able to enter that 1000 years, not by being born again but only by the grace of God in which God will fulfill His promise to Abraham.
According to the statement, the Seng is pleased to have the opportunity to provide assistance to them to improve their work.
Tura District Cricket Association (DCA) beat West Jaintia Hills DCA by 6 wickets in the final of the tournament.
At that time, the SI together with a policeman were on their way to jamja in a sumo used by the police, but when they reached the scene, the Maruti suddenly blocked the road of the sumo. Four men came out of the Maruti and went straight to the SI's house where they threw him outside and shot him until he stopped.
“When the government increases the price of petrol, it should have increased the fare and if it increases the price of petrol, we are ready to take it at the old price. the tax should be reduced or forgiven".
The Chief Minister's hope that the ILP will be granted only through a Notification issued by the President of India under Clause (2) of Article 372 as the ILP was granted to Manipur in 11.12.2019 is unthinkable because only in Clause (3) these words are clearly written – “Nothing in clause (2) shall be deemed – (a) to empower the President to make any adaptation or modification of any law after the expiration of (three years) from the commencement of the Constitution.
The machine was sent from Bangalore and the residents of the area expressed their happiness to see that the leaves of kwai can be made in the shape of plates and bowls.
The HNY-WR has alleged that this has happened because the Meghalaya government has not taken action to resolve the border with Assam.
He blessed the office for the use of the people and said, “When I entered this office, it was a sign that the party would win in this constituency”.
When asked by a question, u Bah Sawkmie said that at present he cannot say anything because who can think like former Congress leader Dr. Mukul Sangma, he will leave the party like that. , he also will not be able to know the future.
Ma Comingone Ymbon MLA Raliang strongly opposed the government's proposal to purchase land for the construction of a garbage dump in Jowai.
The Dykhar may laugh and immediately say “It's a superstition” when he hears such a thing.
“When the party turned 35 years old, there were occasions when Hopingstone Lyngdoh and the leaders of Garo Hills held a meeting under the leadership of Clifford Marak in Tura. The petition signed by Hopingstone Lyngdoh and Clifford Marak was read out on 29th March to demand their own state and sent to the Central Government,” said Pangniang.
Similarly, all shops selling food items (Restaurants, Dhabas, Fast Foods, Sha, Bakeries, Groceries, Jhur Shops, Guest Houses etc.) must register their shops with the Food Safety Department (FSSAI). ) by March 31,
Up to nine policemen in Manipur have been suspended on Friday after the residence of Industry Minister Nemcha Kipgen was set on fire by mobs in the evening. of last Tuesday (July 14, 2023).
Nongstoiñ: A woman identified as Stinly Syiemlieh, 65, of Mawthawniaw village, has lost her life after being hit by an empty truck while she was walking on the road. One of the places in Kenkba is also the Nongstoin Bye Pass.
After the programme, the KSU Malki Circle will also take part in the Football Tournament under the name of Bah Bull N Lyngdoh at Malki Stadium.
Suresh Gurung of GTC receives MOM award from BDO of Mawthadraishan.
In Supporting Role (Male): Anil Kapoor won for Jug Jugg Jeeyo and Best Actor in a Supporting Role (Female) went to Sheeba Chaddha for Badhaai Do and Best Music Album: la Pritam's Brahmastra: Part One – Shiva.
Last year, the government had selected ICICI Bank to implement the scheme and now the government has handed over to New India Insurance (NIA) to implement the scheme for three years.
On the other hand, he said that from time to time, he has visited and given training to the people in this regard and has been punished according to the rules. like this Dukan.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the village leaders and the people, Dr Mukul Sangma expressed his concern over the confusion that has arisen after the signing of the MoU between the two states. He visited the border villages today to find out the truth about the work of the Regional Committee appointed by the government to resolve the border issue. These villages are under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem which is surprising how these villages have been transferred to Assam and who authorized the government to hand over the land to Assam without the consent of the Hima because the government does not have land in These areas are not government land.
“We as the party have the right to speak at the meeting or committee to be formed by the MDA to improve the Reservation Policy,” said Bah Pangniang.
Shillong, July 30: The Meghalaya Non-Conventional Rural Energy and Development Agency (MNREDA) Nongstoin in collaboration with the District authorities of South West Khasi Hills today held a program to honor the Uttar Jeevan Raksha Padak and distributed lanterns to the students of Class XI of
We want to accomplish this as soon as possible.
“Because of his skills as a leader has encouraged many to join the NPP. Therefore, I urge everyone to join the NPP because it is the only party that will build the bridge to join the NPP. region and other parts of the country.
The political leaders said that the support of the two political parties to Bah Pynshngaiñ shows that they have decided to support the Congress party to rule in the District Council.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that when the Pynursla band went to Delhi to perform traditional music at one of the meetings, one of the Union Ministers who was present. At this meeting, he was very pleased with their traditional music and said that the people of Delhi should also be taught to play like that.
In a statement, the Seng through its Publicity Secretary said that this victory was achieved under the leadership of the founder of Kick Boxing in Meghalaya Bah Donny Ranee and Kong Bajoplin Kharmudai as the Team Manager. honor for the state of Meghalaya as a whole.
He said that when the farmers are united, there is no problem that cannot be solved.
It is to be recalled that in the past few days, the JNC has sent a letter requesting the PWD office, Khliehria to inspect this road so that the PWD department can investigate as soon as possible. the measures to clean up the soil to avoid any tragic incident.
The ceremony was attended by KSU Central Body President Lambokstarwel Marngar, Assistant Waheh Shnong of Ummulong Ma Sambor Lamare and other members. Lambokstar Marngar, while speaking on the occasion, said that the loss of this family is not only the loss of property but also the loss of two precious souls. it is the order of the Creator.
According to a letter sent to the General Secretary of the VPP, Shillong, the issue will be discussed at a meeting to be held on the 6th October at 12.30 pm.
He created it to be inhabited.
“After this I will no longer recognize those children who are growing up except those of my age.
Bah R Kharbihkhiew, ADC Ri Bhoi District was the chief guest and in his speech, he said that he is fortunate to have been able to take part in this program because he has experienced it himself. He contracted the disease while studying in Calcutta, West Bengal.
Not only that, Mordecai sent word to Esther, who was in the king's house, saying, “Think not that thou shalt escape any more than all the other Jews, because thou art in the king's house;
The office building in the G+3 Building will have covered rooms for the CEM, Dy.CEM, EC Members, Secretaries and a Conference Room to hold any EC meetings among others.
Harmeet also lost to Siddesh Pandey.
Shillong, July 01 : For the first time, Meghalaya has used Japanese technology to generate electricity from the Ganol Hydro Electric Project (HEP) in West Garo Hills District.
What happened was that there were three syrtap who owned the village.
Edify Patwet took 2 wickets in 4 overs.
The Court said that this section has been in place for a long time and the government has shown that there is an agreement in this regard and the Court said that only after receiving the approval from the NHIDCL and the Ministry, if necessary, the government can implement or invoke the rules of Land Compensation for the acquisition of land for the road.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has congratulated the District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District from Umkiang Police Station, Ratacherra Infiltration Check Gate Police, Health Department, Transport Department and others. Other line departments of the government have taken steps to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners especially those from Assam from the border area.
Any Public Meeting of MLA Candidates held in Yuŋwalieh shall be conducted by the Waheh Chnong or Assistant Waheh Chnong.
Police and members of the State Disaster Response Force of the Civil Defense Department (Homeguard) of the Meghalaya Government came to help, but out of the five persons who came to help, downstairs, 3 people were injured by falling rocks from above.
I don't know if I'm older than I am, but I'm still a child.
The Myntdu River is the river that supplies water to the entire city of Jowai and also to the rice fields that flow into this river. Waste from plastic bottles, plastic waste and other waste from water including human water is a threat to this river.
He demanded that the police should conduct patrols in remote areas and install CCTV cameras so that the robbers will not be afraid to commit such acts.
He said the government has created the districts not for political reasons, but because it is the need of the people to open up opportunities to the villages.
“The state forest department is still in darkness as it needs the approval of the Cabinet to implement this Act,” said a government official.
When asked how long the government will allocate funds for the construction of these roads, he said it is not yet known as the government will still send people to survey.
However, the surprising thing is that even after these men and women witnessed that it was a foreign shop, one of the women who did not own the shop reported to the KHADC police and threatened the shopkeeper. When they collect these items, even if only one item is lost, they have to pay the purchase price of the item, which in fact does not have the documents from the cash memo and others to show that they are the property. tiar that you are the owner of you.
The CBI said it would go to the Supreme Court today to appeal against the ban on its ability to fulfill its duties.
He was arrested from Noglo village.
Rohit Nongspung has been appointed as the youth coach of Shillong Lajong FC this season, the club announced on Thursday.
Also present on the occasion were DSO of EJHD Kong SM Rapsang, office bearers of EJDSA, WJDSA and others.
The NPP leader said that there are up to 5 or 5 candidates who have expressed their desire to contest on the NPP ticket in the MP elections next year.
Shillong: The Congress, the opposition party, has urged the NPP-led MDA government to implement the MRSSA in its original form while it is still pending. approval for Inner Line Permit from the Central Government.
On the other hand, the Minister of Education of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, recently said that he will introduce a Bill in the Legislative Assembly to allow those who do not take the subject 'Assamese' class 10 will not get government jobs in Assam.
He said that the party also prays that the Lord God will bless you with the prosperity and strength of the people. life to earn righteousness, to escape from robbery, theft, evil and all kinds of evil in society.
Therefore, the NPP spokesperson, I also say to the UDP, we will change ourselves on the 13th and we will put you in the Opposition.
This was announced by Rev. NM Iangrai, Director Urban Mission KJP Western Synod.
The cost of construction of one BOP has reached Rs 2 crore.
King Ahasuerus gave strong protection to the Jews in that kingdom.
Man on the Moon, is the news that the world has been waiting day and night since the Apollo spacecraft took off from Cape Kennedy until it returned to the ocean. Pacific, tens of millions of people are sitting on their televisions and radios to follow exactly this journey.
On the occasion of his appointment as Vice-President, the club on Thursday held a ceremony to honor and express its gratitude to him who has brought fame to himself and the Khasi community as a whole. hold fast to this great work.
On this occasion, the KSU together with the North Eastern Sengbhalang under the umbrella of NESO have decided to hold a flag raising ceremony in all the capitals of the North Eastern States tomorrow. July 2019 as part of a protest against the incident in Tripura and Manipur.
Divisional Manager, New India Insurance Company Ltd., in the presence of Ministers and State Government officials.
He also urged that the ration should not be distributed to those people who do not have ration cards.
“We have set a deadline of 15 days for the government to release their salaries and if it does not, we will hold a strike,” said Bah Pohti.
The time demands a demarcation as soon as possible.
Even worse, this place is located inside the village and near residential areas.
Thongni said that after the incident, the government authorities through the Gram Sevak came to enter the village, but he went to meet only the Sordar of the village. The village has already sent a letter to the Mawshynrut Block Office.
“If the ticket is wrong in Nongstoiñ, we will throw away the flag of the HSPDP in Nongstoiñ and if the HSPDP loses from Nongstoiñ, I don't think that others from other constituencies will survive because Nongstoiñ is “It's the leader of the HSPDP,” said PF Marngar.
Besides the death of these two, another 12-year-old girl was injured and is undergoing treatment.
Even the Defense Minister of India, Amitshah, was present at the time of the formation of the NEDA group and it is surprising that the UDP has also joined the group, said J.A.Lyngdoh. .
The VPP's introduction in the last Assembly of the Reservation Policy and Roster System according to the decision of the Meghalaya High Court has once again revived the issue. This is a major issue affecting the unemployment of the youth of Khasi-Jaintia.
He said that this disrespect and unfair behavior of the EW department of KHADC to the party, has led to distrust and slander as the party has received clear information that many foreigners Those who trade and set up shops in Nongpoh do not have a Trading Licence, but use only a No Objection Certificate (NOC) issued by the Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh.
Shillong: Government Ministers and MDA MLAs will leave for Delhi today to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Rajnath Singh to discuss the issue. The Citizenship Amendment Bill
“He said that many construction and development projects for Jaintia Hills, including the laying of the foundation stone for the Mini Secretariat in Jowai, the beautification of Jowai city and the improvement of village roads and connection within the district.
The banners expressed the grief of the people over the destruction of the environment, the lack of clean air, clean water, protests against the unfair behavior of the Meghalaya State Pollution Department. Control Board and one of the articles reads “The corruption of the greedy people has destroyed the lives of many souls, stop immediately the destruction of the environment we live in” In a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, Adviser of the ECC, Reading War, he said that in fact the High Court has already ordered that the coke should be destroyed and given until the 8th. u Ngaieng but without doing anything on this and this shows that the government treats people like animals, so the court has given another deadline until 22nd November. The Commissioner on the 22nd of November should issue an order and implement the 144 CrPC to order the coke factories to close down and if they cannot do so, the people should take one. and they shall go their own way, and do whatsoever they shall do.
The curfew is only for newcomers, but those who have already settled down are urged to cooperate with the rules and regulations of the village and not to bring relatives or friends from other villages except. who were not in the village.
The court ordered Rongura to pay a fine of T.1.8 crore and if he fails to pay, his imprisonment will be extended to 90 years.
Because it is a more difficult job, the Khasi are more reluctant to play chess, but since 2015 onwards due to the unemployment of the youth, they have started to play chess.
The Central Government in the 11th and 12th Plans has allocated T.6 crore to the department but the money has been spent on the construction of laboratories.
For Garo Hills, the Minister said that Boro/Winter Paddy is one of the crops to increase the income of farmers and Selsella C&RD Block is one of the best areas. “To cultivate this crop which will not be affected by natural forces such as floods if it happens during the rainy season,” said the Minister of Agriculture.
Before the end, these teams tried to fight hard to score three points, but until the end they couldn't manage and ended in a draw.
However, as of now, the EE and the officials have not been willing to do anything, otherwise why the construction of this road is continuing despite the complaints of the people.
“We will wait until that day for the decision of the Court,” said the President of SNSBH. On the other hand, he said that the state government has not yet responded to the SNSBH's request. The requirement to seek information from government employees who are Rangbah Shnong should be abolished.
Thank you very much for drinking, I was there with the Sahep CRPF, when it was time for the bus to leave Nongpoh to Shillong we got on and took our own seats. .
Last month, the JSU Mukhap Unit led by the General Secretary and Vice President in the presence of JSU leaders met with the Minister of PWD, S. Dhar, Secretary PWD. Bah M.Sun and the Chief Engineer in charge of the area, Bah Passah, who also sent a letter demanding that the department should complete the bridge within two months from the date of receipt of the bridge. the writing because of perseverance is over and they don't want perseverance to lead to error.
There is no one who is perfect in life, we all make mistakes whether it is in speech, in words, in deeds, because even for a moment we have made mistakes.
Mairang: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued today said that after testing all the high risk contacts in Nongsohma village, they have been removed from the hospital. A containment order has been issued for the village.
Speaking at another public meeting in Rongjeng, East Garo Hills, Dr Mukul said, “We understand the concern of the people of the state and the strong participation in the party meetings has witnessed clearly. that the people were exceedingly eager for change.
“This letter was not issued by the Assam government.
On the other hand, the President of HITO said that they will continue to monitor this issue for the benefit of the students.
The shortcomings of mankind cannot be the fault of the Creator but we must understand that it is the fault of us human beings in the health care.
The death toll from Israeli air strikes has risen to 8,000, while the death toll in Israel has risen to 1,400, the Hamas health ministry said. Hamas, March 7, 2023.
Nongstoiñ Police Station has registered a case against him and has remanded him for three days for further investigation.
Islam was arrested by a group of robbers at Thapa Dajongre village under Mendipathar Police Station in North Garo Hills. near this village.
“It's just me, tell him to leave for ten days,” said Rangsan, blinking his eyes as if to point to Kynsai.
She stressed that with the rapid development of science and technology, they now have mobile phones in their hands where they can access a lot of information that will strengthen and encourage their minds.
E.Lyngkhoi, 81, from Siejlieh, said that he was surprised at the delay in the payment of the food fee by the government. The elderly people have been receiving their pension every month for three months but they have not received their pension for three months.
“How can we meet the demands of our household when we are allowed to earn only 15 days a month? Will our children eat only 15 days a month?” asked the drivers in a verbal battle with the police and magistrates.
On page 91 of the same book, and on page 29 of the book “Government and Politics in Meghalaya” by RS Lyngdoh, it is written: British succeeded in dividing the ancient sacred land of the Khasis by giving a new name to the area, which in course of time, came to be accepted as a matter of history".
At the same time, we also need doctors, officers, politicians, lawyers, judges, teachers and others.
The decision came after the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare announced that none of the high risk contacts have tested positive for the virus after the completion of contact tracing.
To achieve this, he said, the most important thing is to be able to monitor and need to go from one desk to another.
The Behdeinkhlam festival will end on Friday while the Behdeinkhlam festival of the Sein Raij Tuber will end on the 22nd of this month. Opposition Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma and others will also be present on the occasion.
The bus was carrying 33 students, 24 from Shillong and 9 from Bajengdoba, North Garo Hills District.
Women who have lost their husbands will be paid T.3 lakh and men who have lost their husbands will be paid the same amount if they have small children to raise. .
We would like to remind you that the greatest challenge to their rulers is through our vote,” said Dr. Myboh.
There are two more indoor halls under construction with an area of ​​10,544 sq.m, and the first indoor hall has a swimming pool, squash and gymnasium.
He said that the fine of T.100 crore will cause a lot of trouble to Meghalaya and the state government should deposit the money from the MPREF to the Central Pollution Control Board and the money will go to the needs. within the State.
To understand how to do it.
The relatives of the deceased took Khielangstar to Sohiong CHC but due to the lack of medical equipment, the medical staff of Sohiong CHC sent him to Sohiong CHC. The victim was rushed to the Civil Hospital Shillong at 7 pm.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng appeals to the residents to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong and at the same time warns those foreigners not to throw garbage in any area. part of the village of Mawryngkneng.
According to her, the government is more concerned about the Rohu fish which is eaten by many people in the state and these fish come from all over India and that is why the government will have to be vigilant even after the ban on the sale of imported fish has been lifted.
An Aadhar card, a PAN card and a mobile phone were also seized from them.
But remember ! that in the days of thy old age that money which thou hast received shall not be able to repay thee.
Shillong, Naitung 16: To track down the drivers who caused injuries and deaths in the city, the Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has decided to deploy drivers at night at around the city to keep an eye out for lawbreakers.
“There was a mistake in the matter of working of the tyndong shet jingshet, due to insufficient documents to register with the government, so I ordered to suspend first and in the middle of the work I will clean up and the I will pay all the money so that there will be nothing else so that the people will not remain in darkness,” he said.
“If in previous years tens of thousands of people have become refugees in the Sahsniang area, if in 2005 about 40 houses were burnt down in Lum Dorbar village and in the past few years there have been many lives lost by the Assam police in Langpih. Shillong, October 20: The Aam Admi Party (AAP) candidate from Shillong constituency, Bah Armerington Kharshi, has said that the party has been working hard to improve the quality of life in the country. He said that he will win this time with the support of the people.
This was announced in a statement by the Public Relations Officer, Shillong.
“We as the VPP are going to the people with this voice and we are not afraid if others throw money and let the people judge who can serve properly,” said the VPP candidate. Bah Kharpran, a retired officer from the Soil and Water Conservation Department, said that as a government officer, he has been in the government service for many years. He works well with the people because his job is to involve himself with the people and he has to spend many days in the field.
The 16-year-old girl was from Shahajahanpur in Uttar Pradesh.
Shillong: The residents of Sonapyrdi and other neighboring villages who use the Jio simcard, have expressed their regret over the closure of the company.
These vehicles will not be allowed to enter Shillong.
kms.
The Community Hall, the football ground and also the cleaning and sanitation of the drinking water tanks and sewerage systems of the village were cleaned.
In this era, it is clear that students should be taught and led to employment and not to education to get employment.
In the inspection, it was found that there are water tanks on both sides of the farm, but they were built 40 or 40 years ago, because the areas built with dewbilat are still empty. and the water fell into the earth.
As a sign of cooperation with the Government, the Synod also agreed to donate Rs.2.00 lakh to the Meghalaya Chief Minister's Relief Fund.
Speaking on the lack of leaders of the jaidbynriew, Bah Paul said, “There are Khasi in other parts of the world like the United Kingdom, Bangladesh, Assam, Tripura and some parts of the country. They cannot appoint leaders from these places if we fail to learn which is the root of the nation's ideology.
“I have already explained what we will do and how much the Government can increase their salaries based on their services, the increase in the price of goods, the daily expenses,” he added.
The BJP leader said the Congress government in Meghalaya has not implemented the money it received from Delhi properly.
Kong Laloo, while inaugurating the water supply scheme, congratulated the Pdengshong VEC for not only implementing the water supply scheme in the right manner, but also said, “They have a vision and responsibility for the future generation".
However, hard work will help to achieve the goal.
Umpiat contains a lot of sulphur, selenium, minerals, vitamins B and C which work well for the growth of the hair.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: Thirty leaders of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (UVHA) have left for the Secretariat to meet with the Chief Minister and his government ministers.
In this regard, the Fisheries Department of Assam through the Minister has directed four institutions including the Zoology Department of Guwahati University and the Central Inland Fisheries Research Institute to conduct the necessary tests. regarding the inspection of these and send back to the Department of Fisheries.
As true members of the Khasi Students Union, they should be ready to fight any battle for the cause of the nation.
Ryntih SC beat Malki SC 3-0 in the last match.
Shillong, June 30: The Chief Minister of Assam, Dr Mukul Sangma, has criticized the statement by Assam Minister and BJP leader Himanta Biswa Sarma that the Congress government in Meghalaya will rule the country. The government led by Dr Mukul Sangma has the worst performance compared to other governments in the North East.
Janbor Marbaniang led the team to score the second goal through Dakani Shylla in the 68th minute.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that the draft agreement has been sent to the ULFA leadership committee and the government hopes that the soskular will be signed next month.
The incident happened at a village in Warmawsaw, Ri Bhoi District.
The KSU has urged the JHADC to take action to look after the needs of this committee so that the existence of this office will bring benefits to the residents.
During the hearing, the government told the court that the illegal mining of coal in the state has stopped.
He said that if the electricity bill is increased, the revenue collection will be higher and the union has suggested that the government should find out the reason for the non-electricity bill. the as well as the non-payment of electricity by some.
Before the French invaded the North East and here in Ri Khasi Jaintia, the children of Hynniewtrep already knew how to protect themselves from many diseases.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, who is in New Delhi, has not yet met with Sonia Gandhi or the AICC leaders to discuss the party's affairs after the protests. he was removed from the party leadership.
Bah Kyrmen Shylla congratulated the FKJGP Bataw Unit for taking on the responsibility of building a house for this woman which is an example for other organizations and unions to follow and have the spirit of giving.
She also expressed her hope that the dream will come true so that many young men and women will pass IAS, MCS and other qualifications to hold various positions in the state.
The rush to form a new party comes at a time when leaders from other parties are still trying to join the NPP or UDP which are the two leading parties in the coalition government. This year alone, two new parties have emerged, the Voice of the People led by Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit and the All India Trinamool Congress led by Bah Ardent Miller. Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of the State.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul said there is a lack of implementation of the smart meter project in the state by MeECL of the state electricity department.
It is learned that while the meeting was going on, the phone of a Sadhu suddenly rang and those who were sitting nearby, heard the phone and ordered him to turn off the mobile phone. ; But at that time, Varun said, "Please don't bother him, you don't know when Maharaj ji will become prime minister and what will happen to us.
Therefore, the Government authorities should inspect and warn or prohibit the people or even the shopkeepers in this area which is called the Garo Market to be careful against the spread of garbage.
The DGP said that after the MP elections, the implementation will start immediately.
The swearing-in ceremony was held at Raj Bhavan, Itanagar.
However, the Minister in office should think how to speak and not to instigate against the people in the same State and if there are any disputes or problems, it is up to her as the Minister to take action. “It's a responsibility to extinguish the fire before it burns,” she said.
The man is between 30-40 years old and 4.5 feet tall.
It would be more than the Japanese deaths in World War II that America went to drop atomic bombs on.
However, these leaders have gone their own way, as Bah Joy has chosen to fight in a peaceful manner.
The purpose of the workshop was to train the Traffic Police on how to provide immediate assistance to the victims of accidents. , because they are at the forefront of providing assistance at that time, and how to provide assistance and training to children to cross zebra crossings and to look after vehicles when they are jamming. street.
He said that many newspapers have disappeared like Lum Shyllong, Pyrta u Riewlum, and others which came out to serve in the past.
In a joint letter sent to the Dy, CM, various political parties demanded the implementation of the demands of the KNGCSU, compensation to the injured students and also the withdrawal of the complaint. Shillong, Naiwieng 12: At the meeting of the candidates for the mid-term elections in Nongstoiñ which was held today at Nongstoiñ Market, They were welcomed by their senior leaders and also gave speeches to the people who came to listen to the meeting.
Fortunately, the houses nearby were not injured.
Drinking water during and after meals is the reason why the oils in food become too much and can lead to the accumulation of fat in the kidneys.
Adding to his speech, he said that compared to other states in India, the students and people of South India are the hardest working people from parents and students. , so that by the work of the hands many wise men and intellectuals came forth.
He said the police are investigating whether the GNLA-R's statement is true or false.
“If the Government has a lot of money to spend for the festivals, it should also spend money for the improvement of this road which falls under the PWD Mawsynram Division. They stirred up the crowd of visitors.
“The reason for the protest is not clear but it is probably only for the money,” said the HSPDP leader. and it was not even two months.
However, “children born to a Khasi father and Khasi mother and children born to a Khasi father are no longer Khasi.
Of this amount, T.9.28 crore has been spent for the treatment of 3184 men and 32 women in Shillong.
Enjoying things that are interesting and interesting when talking, stimulates the mind, encourages hope, ability to relate to others and helps you to focus on these things and makes you think about yourself. .
Challenger scored two goals for Sacred Heart in the 27th & 32nd minutes before suffering their second defeat of the tournament.
The KSU also wishes all the members of the KSU and the people who were injured in the attack a speedy recovery.
It is time for India to hold elections once every three years in the whole country or 'One Nation One Poll' like in the United States of America.
Pura Shadap, Swamiki Paswet and Monjurlang Suchiang took 10 wickets each.
“We have felt like street vendors, we have become more vulnerable than the people, and if the government considers us vulnerable to However, he will think again in another election if he needs us the people.
In 1973, Nathaniel Wyeth, a Du Pont engineer, invented the plastic bottles we use today.
These experts will not be misled because they will not blindly trust these corrupt officers.
He said the party under his leadership will ensure that the people of Meghalaya get all the benefits from the schemes funded by the central government.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The SP (Crimes) of East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, on Tuesday said that the situation in the city has been stable and there has been no incident after a car crash in East Khasi Hills. Jaiaw Langsning and the damage to the equipment of the railway construction company in Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi district.
Shillong: The Mawlai Circle Unit today under the leadership of the Organizer of the Mawlai Circle, Samla Johnny Khongsit.
Lack of nutrition in the body also causes illness and excess nutrition in the body also causes illness.
In a statement sent by Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary, the Seng said that the state government's threat to shut down the MCCL is a political act.
He said that if these Hydro Poly Houses do not provide seeds, they have to buy strawberries from abroad to distribute or sell to the people who grow strawberries, which means that the mother and children have to buy. If this is the case, Zopar Company, which is the supplier of these seeds, should also take responsibility for the loss of the strawberry farmers and if it cannot take responsibility, it should be removed. “It's a supply contract,” he said.
“The nation should grow not only in terms of financial wealth but also in terms of spirituality and should display these good qualities related to the environment and also those of the world that is still deteriorating. ", said Sweetymon's mother.
Leaders from different districts including West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills, Ri Bhoi District and Garo Hills have gathered at the house of Bah Lamphrang Kharbani. of Iew Mountain.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The newly elected President of the HSPDP, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, who was also the Chairman of the Public Meeting of the HSPDP, today held a public meeting at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw. He said that the establishment of the new branch of the party is also a preparation for the protests to awaken and eradicate the disease of the Khasi people.
Bonda Uma, TDP leader, admitted that the money was collected by the minister from the smugglers.
R.Kharbihkhiew will be in charge of Bhoirymbong C&RD and the public can contact 7005528368, VA Hynniewta at Nongpoh and FM Lakiang at DC Nongpoh. Raja Brahma in Umsning Block on 9402191280, Dr.R.Nongrum in Umling Block on 8837233681 and Bah D.Syiemiong on Jirang Block on
Until now, the Government of India has allowed the States to increase the amount of money received from the Government of India, but this does not fit at all, as there are only five States, which can increase the amount. and the money was given unto them.
“We have many development projects to improve the income of the state and other works that the government has planned to do for the welfare of the people in this state,” he said. .
So she called them Rangbah.
Sacred Heart Girls Higher Secondary School celebrated the 100th Anniversary of the arrival of seven Salesian Sisters in North East India at a function held at inside the Hall of Sacred Heart Theological College, Mawlai Phudmuri on the 24th of this month.
The beginning of this issue came from the visionaries and began to take shape in 1979 during the tenure of CEM Bah Bakstar Wanniang.
The Minister said that T.165 crore will be allocated for the construction of these new Health Sub-centres.
Of the 3,400 deaths in Italy, only 1,000 were women, the report said.
He said if the government does not immediately arrest the robbers, it is like encouraging the robbers to commit crimes.
Goa is like a second home for me, having played in the state in the past few years.
In addition, if the son gives jait to the father, if he dies while having one or two children and if the wife of the deceased marries another person who is not of the same If she has two or three children, her children are her brothers and sisters, but the jait is not the same.
The total number of cases in the state so far is 580, East Khasi Hills 479, BSF 243, Army 32, West Khasi Hills 4 Bhoi, 13 in West Jaintia Hills, 15 in East Jaintia Hills, 11 in West Garo Hills, 1 in East Garo Hills and 1 in North Garo Hill.
On the other hand, the village said that if the department forces the residents to pay for all the six months, the village will refuse because it is not the fault of the electricity consumers, but it is the fault of the electricity consumers. MeECL and MeECL have to take responsibility for this.
It is worth mentioning that the Electricity Department of the State Government in the state has set a time limit for supplying and extinguishing electricity due to the forced shortage of electricity, and this has affected the students especially in the area. this time when they were preparing for their various exams.
At the same time, he said that Muliang area is a backward area, but if the youth have the goal to serve and develop the area, there will be no problem to bring about change in all aspects.
They also expressed why the state government has spent billions of rupees on the Cherry Blossom Festival in Shillong, while their salaries have not been paid even after they have finished their work. I'm going to work.
Therefore, the sudden death of Bah Ronald has caused a feeling of emptiness among the journalists especially from West Khasi Hills as they have lost a strong and helpful member in these years. go away.
The KHNAM leader said that the Central Military Board has proposed to set up a Department of Military Welfare for each state and UT to look after the welfare of the retired soldiers. state of their own.
In a reply submitted to the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, the Minister of GAD, Rakkam A Sangma said that the deadline for completion of the remaining work is 12 months from the date of submission. The final work order will be issued in October
A foundation stone erected by the Assam government at Jatalong village, Raid Nongtung and formerly known as Block-2, has been destroyed by the people at 9 pm. midnight Saturday.
Mukroh is adjacent to other villages on the border with Assam and in these areas the Hynniewtrep and Mirkir indigenous people are the indigenous people and have their own customs, religion and culture. .
The four persons were reportedly hiding behind a bitumen top to avoid being searched.
Mile (2,55,511 Sq.
The KHADC has issued an order suspending Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem and at the same time announcing the appointment of Ricky Nelson Syiem as the Acting Syiem. this is the Hima.
“At these meetings, I have understood the concerns of many churches and the impact of this Act and it is for this reason that I have decided to repeal it. this Act"
Regarding the term of office of all the parks, the term of office is 30 years and cannot be extended to 20 years. it has already been sent to the federal government as they are.
“We have not arrested anyone,” said Davis NR Marak.
They were arrested after the army conducted a search operation in the area.
This was announced by the SMR Rangbah SMR while speaking at the closing ceremony of the 50th Golden Jubilee (1972-2022) of the WJDSA. Saturday.
Mawkyrwat, July 22: The 51st Anniversary of Meghalaya today was celebrated at a function held at the Hall of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat. T.Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest.
He alleged that the appointment of a foreign registrar has enabled him to bring in foreigners but there should be locals and this is the demand of the party.
In a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on 31st June 2024, HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh said, “I have written to Request to postpone this meeting scheduled to be held on the 7th July regarding our residence in Harijan Colony, Bara Bazar, Shillong.
The dam was built in 1993 to bury the exploratory mining of uranium by UCIL, the statement said. He said that since the past few years, there has been a heavy flooding from the dam and the flow of waste from the collapse of the dam.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the CoRP, Bah Garlandforth Kharsyntiew, said that the CoRP has found out through RTI about the implementation of the MLA Schemes from 2013-2014 and 2015-2
“Two days later, when she had finished eating, she sent a khoh kwai to Deng and said to him, “Look here, son, I don't want you to do that job while I can.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Suchiang said that after they stopped the signboard on Saturday, they will not allow the NBCC to continue in the country. a few days to come, while the owners of the land have not yet received their land.
Furthermore, when Meghalaya got its full state by separating it from Assam, many Khasi villages from east to west, then east and west were annexed to Assam.
It was decided to demand from the government to pay the monthly salary.
The nearest hospital in Kongthong is at Khrang, which is about 20 minutes away and there is no doctor at all for many days at the hospital and the road has just been completed. in 2013 and the school children, who can only study up to Class
Perhaps we are not sure of what we are trying to do and we are not sure how much we can do; but everyone in the group has something clear in every step that we have taken with a little knowledge of the art of making art and we hope to achieve the same jobs to contribute to society'
Jowai, November 21: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today held a special session to amend the Bill on the Empowerment and Empowerment of Village Authorities, from Rangbah Shnong. , Dolloi and Sirdar, which is known as the “Establishment of Elaka and Village and Election, Appointment, Powers, Functions, and Jurisdiction of Dolloi, Sirdar, Waheh Shnong Bill
“This is an important time for us as the people to cooperate with the Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamul Congress Party so that our goals can be achieved and many changes will come in Meghalaya as a whole,” he said.
However, the ADC, the Chief Minister, said that there is NO CEM IN KHADC! Isn't it a defamation against the CEM of KHADC? I am afraid that this statement of the Chief Minister will lead to a Defamation Suit, it would be better for our Honorable Chief Minister to remove this statement.
They should not feel anything else because in a democracy, such things happen.
Shitang Rymbai, as mentioned above, was a brave ruler who had no measures to restore the sanctity of religion and customs as well as the rule of law. He has a strong faith, the religious activities in the area whether small or large, are sacred, he doesn't want to mix them with the political affairs of the kingdom which is solonsar...(continued ).
Therefore, I would like to invite all of you who cannot send a letter as usual due to the urgency of the matter especially now that the CAB has been passed by the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha which means that it has become law. The President of India.
He said that out of 150 children in his rehabilitation center, 70 have tested positive.
It is very helpful if we use it properly.
It may be recalled that on Sunday, a clash broke out inside the Emergency Unit of NEIGRIHMS after a youth died of injuries.
East Khasi Hills has 113 cases and West Jaintia Hills has 25 cases.
Shillong: Copperson Lyngdoh Nonglait, 19, resident of Sohparu, Lawse West Khasi Hills, has been missing since 10th June 2023, said Meshelta Lyngkhoi, resident of Sohparu.
One is a sign of the same events in Israel and Jerusalem which Satan has stirred up to war, and if the war becomes intense it can lead to a Third World War. war) because inevitably, if there is a great war it will start with Israel, and it is from here that the beast will come out to make peace with Israel by promising to allow Israel to rebuild the Fourth Temple. but God is without law.
He said that there is a need for many such cooperative societies to help improve the income of the farmers and the region as a whole.
However, in the midst of this, there are still those who are still joining the NPP, but many of them are those who are afraid to join the NPP. every 5 years they change colors and change covenants.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the NPP leaders to have the fear of being defeated because this is the only way. to get you to success.
To prove this, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has found in its investigation that food and beverages, vegetables, fruits and vegetables, meat sold across the country the country is not used to drugs.
“This is something that the people of the state used to complain about when the Gambling Bill was introduced in the House. approved start to surprise people"
As soon as they left the examination hall, the students went to meet with the management of Riwar Jaintia College to discuss the matter.
Salman, who is also a beautiful tyngshop and who is preparing to release Kisi Ka Bhai Kisi Ki Jaan, has sought protection from the Mumbai police. in your Galaxy Apartment.
Police said that the theft was committed by 5.6 robbers who were well trained, as even the CCTV cables were cut off so that it would not work anymore. It is learned that the experts of the ATM machines have immediately informed the police that there has been a fraud in these ATM machines. , they fled with the money.
Jowai, June 07 : The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) Jowai, in collaboration with the North East Slow Food Agrobiodiversity Society (NESFAS) Shillong on Friday 6th June, held a Cluster Sharing Workshop. ' at the Madan Tympang Club in Jowai.
The DSEL on July 26 submitted its Action Taken Report on the recruitment of teachers,” said Bah Nongsiang after meeting with the Director of DSEL Ambrose CH Marak.
Shillong, June 26: U Minister of Social Welfare Department, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Monday promised that the State Government will take action to register Aadhaar for all the residents of the State to benefit from the schemes. federal governments flow to eligible.
"I'm sure it's God's will," Pompeo said, speaking on the Christian Broadcast Network.
The three parties demanded that the Chief Minister should immediately convene these parties to discuss the intentions of the State Government on these issues.
“The party feels that time, energy and income have been wasted.
The Act, which has been passed by the government, will not apply to religious groups and kur organizations, he said.
He also laid the foundation stone for the construction of the school.
Earlier, on 16th October 2015, MEPA had written to the Prime Minister and requested him to remove the article, which was against the state newspapers and which he had spoken in the State Legislative Assembly.
Her body will be buried on Monday, 5th June 2024, at the Catholic Cemetery, Parish Marbisu.
He said that 10 days before taking this decision, he had spoken to the MLA of Mawshynrut who is also the General Secretary of the HSPDP Central Body to support the PDF. The next day he and Bah LG Nongsiej went to support the PDF but not to join the party again.
The drug traffickers, who have been confirmed to have fled to Punjab, have been involved in the operation with robbers in the US and the Philippines, police said.
For if the word is not yet entered into the heart, there is no point in demanding to be enshrined in books.
Kong Phanbuh has also written many stories.
CNN reports that Joe Biden will win Massachusetts.
The speakers on the occasion said that many development projects planned in the area have been lost due to the lack of roads, and they also said that the area does not have schools. , hospitals, good banks and others because of the difficulty of bringing such facilities due to the lack of good roads.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) and the Federation of Garo Peoples (KSU) from Amlarem Sub Division have expressed their dissatisfaction with the proposal of Meecl to install a smart meter in Amlarem Sub Division. .
Jowai, June 24: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) under the leadership of Samla Wanbiang Pulang today submitted a petition to the office of the District Medical and Health Officer. Dr. KC Ajar on the non-functioning of the 100 bed Maternal and Child Hospital at Panaliar Jowai even after more than 4 months of opening but until today it is still closed.
“Replying to this, the Prime Minister said, “We may decide not to talk and if we decide so, I think we will not be able to resolve this issue, the conflict will continue, there will be many incidents. and problems and we’ll continue that way for the next 50 or 100 years by not discussing resolution.
* Strong relationships in the home* Social leadersStrong pillars of parents:- Many times when children reach the age of adolescence, they reach the age of being tempted.
Therefore, the Government of Meghalaya should not register a case against the illegal activities.
Among other things, they told reporters including the conversion of the Affidavit from the Nierwah Kur to the Sohtun Kur, they said that they will meet with the Minister of DCA, Bah HDR Lyngdoh and also the Minister of DCA. to the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan to demand that the bill should be repealed and returned to the KHADC.
He said that all the people in the country have rejected the Congress except in a few states like Meghalaya, Mizoram and Karnataka, and the reason is because they have been corrupt.
Lanong urged the state government not to take away the powers of district councils especially in relation to Rangbah Shnongs and others empowered in the 6th Scheduled.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor said that they give their full support to the state government and will continue until the end of the term.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Armstrong Shylla on his experience and feelings regarding the establishment of Farmer Producer Groups as well as other farmers.
The meeting will be held in Mairang on the 11th July at 11 am while in Jaiaw near Dr Gordon Robert Hospital on the 12th July at 6 pm.
(Joshua 1:6–9).
One of the most interesting matches will be the group match between India and Pakistan on 2nd November in Kandy.
Uma Nath Singh was previously the Acting Chief Justice after Justice Meena Kumari Singh retired in April
Three days after the birth, my wife continued to pray and did not eat anything and told me that she was seriously ill.
AJMRWLU President KL Pariat, AJMRWLU Treasurer M. Bareh, AJMRWLU Treasurer L. Kyndiah and AJMRWLU General Secretary B. Dhar handed over the money. Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Garod.
Nongpoh: With the passing of the days, the number of cases of Covid-19 in Ri Bhoi District has increased. There have also been those who have lost their lives in the Covid-19 pandemic.
Shillong, July 19: U Bah Titostarwell Chyne, MDC of Sohra Constituency, who was removed from the post of Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday, has accused the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The Council, Bah Lamphrang Blah, said that the conduct of the dorbar is violent.
The suspect was arrested on a complaint lodged at Nongstoin Police Station under Section 5 (m)/6 of the POCSO Act.
The most frequent accident areas are NH-44, NH-40, Shillong By-Pass (Ummir), NH-4 (E) in the area of ​​6 Mer, Major District Road (Laitryngew), NH-6 (Laitkor) and NH-6 & Shillong By-Pass Road (Puriang, Mawryngkneng, Umkhen and Thangshalai).
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of the HITO and MPSO on Saturday visited the toll gate of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) at Pahammawlein 20mer. They went to help or support a woman from the village, who had asked for help from these organizations, on the grounds that she has not received any salary for more than a year.
He said that the people of the state have decided to support the NPP because they have seen how the NPP works in solving the problems of the people.
After all the MDCs have submitted their suggestions, Bah Pynshngain said that all their suggestions will be sent to the state government to revise the proposals it has prepared. to amend the 6th Schedule which affects the customs and traditions.
He said, it is therefore necessary to use other types of resources that can be produced and rebuilt for the needs of mankind.
He added that if he feels that the government has not done anything why would he wait until this moment to withdraw his support from the government and why didn't he withdraw earlier.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court Bar Association (MHB) has strongly condemned some robbers who have sent letters threatening two lawyers to take action if they continue to defend their clients.
The project was inaugurated by Hon'ble Minister of State for Electronics, IT and Law and Justice in Delhi.
These three winners will be the schools to represent Meghalaya at the national level of the Subroto Mukherjee Cup.
We clap our hands and dance shadiang shamon when we win, but we clap our heads when we see that the one we choose doesn't do what we want because before we choose we have kner first what is offered and this is the nature of man. Our people are declining and what is happening is the fault of each of us.
Shillong, Naitung 12 : The High Court of Meghalaya has decided to allow the Coke companies affected by the order to close down all the factories that have been set up recently to respond or explain before the High Court. .
The Pyneh Rngiew climb to Lum Sohpetbneng started in 2000 and since that year the Seng Khasi Kmie has been holding this climb every Wednesday in the first month of June. Especially for the future generations who are still holding on to their traditional religion, they believe that once a year, mankind needs to revive its own traditional beliefs. as a human being, he is filled with thanksgiving to God the Creator for His infinite blessings and blessings.
The statement also said that the entry of 'kaiñ pyrjong, skaiñ in cattle pens should be prevented by the use of pesticides.
Looking back a little in the past years, since 2009 when Bah KP Pangñiang was the EM Elaka in the District Council, Raidmynsaw has been recognized as one of the newly created Hima Sirdars. The Council has also approved all the documents relating to the border talks between the Government of Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong: There have been 409 new cases of covid-19 in East Jaintia Hills today, of which 19 cases have been confirmed in East Jaintia Hills. healthy and 4 high risk; East Khasi Hills has 202 cases, 101 high risk cases, 44 ILI cases, 4 cases in Pynursla, 9 cases in SARI cases, 3 cases in Polo and 2 cases in health workers.
Sanbor said that the people of the state have started to accept the BJP after seeing the good works done by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and many schemes implemented by the BJP. It has also been implemented in Meghalaya.
Noting that the victory in the MLA election 2018 and the appointment as a Minister in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government has paved the way for the development of the region in many ways, he said, “I have served in collaboration with you and I should not say 'I' but 'we' we have struggled to bring benefits to different villages”.
She said that there are political parties which have not been able to decide and they have asked to talk to their own parties to get their opinion on whether to set up an expert committee. There are some questions about the Roster and what is the problem if the Reservation Policy is changed and some want to amend the Office Memorandum of 2022 on Paragraph D of the Roster.
The HLC has approved an additional grant of T.1,816.162 crore from the Central Government to the three states through the NDRF. 941.04 crore for Karnataka, Tk 47.326 crore for Meghalaya and T 68.02 crore for Nagaland.
There are several villages in West Khasi Hills District where I have received calls and they say that it is difficult to get ration because ration is only available to those who have cards.
Shillong: Nongthymmai Sports & Cultural Club (NSC) has opened its 75th Anniversary Marathon in the village tomorrow. Nongthymmai Pyllun on the 17th of this month which is the death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, these new cases are from EKH: 22, RBD: 2, WGH: 1, WJH: 2 and WKH:
UDP candidate Bah Jambor War has lost to HSPDP candidate Bah B Warjri by more than 2,000 votes in the KHADC election. The villages in Mairang and Rambrai areas which fall under the MDC constituency but do not fall under the MLA constituency and this is perhaps one of the reasons why the party candidate has been affected.
Hep listened for a while and said, “I don't understand everything you say, but it's just a reason why you don't want my love to take root in you. .
Shillong, 8 Jymmang: The Seng Khasi Upper Shillong has celebrated its 25th Anniversary on the 7th June 2017 at the Seng Seng Hall in Laimer at 11 am. morning.
In the second half, Evergreen SC, Nongjri scored the first goal in the 44th minute through Madanlar Hahshah. Kit Kharkongngor scored the third goal in the 62nd minute.
Recently, Bah Hek has expressed his readiness to lead as the prime ministerial candidate in 2023 if the party authorities allow him.
On the other hand, the MLA said that he has received complaints from many people who have been robbed in the area, such as in Mawlai Motsyiar, while the family members are still in need of one of the family members. I was taken to hospital and there was no one else in the house, the thief took advantage and stole all the belongings inside the house.
And it came to pass, when the king heard the words of Nabab, that he was troubled, and answered him no more.
On the other hand, the BJYM, in an attempt to monitor this after receiving the complaints of the farmers, in the past months, the officers of the Ministry of Agriculture have promised to do whatever is necessary and the Government has promised to do whatever is necessary. prepare to import fertilizers especially urea.
Therefore, he suggested to be vigilant and to share any information related to the election in the election of leaders.
Although he is not a scholar, his writing skills in the Khasi language are superior to those of Doctorates in the Khasi subject nowadays.
Members of KSU Moodymmai Unit have been summoned to appear before the police for arresting foreigners and a Khasi woman who were fighting inside a truck. They were summoned to the police station just because they had warned a foreigner who had raped a Khasi girl.
Orendro Kharjahrin, author of the book, “The Village of Sakwang” and the closing prayer by Rev. (Dr) SI Iawphniaw.
Jowai, March 31: The CSC Bal Vidyalaya Mukhla on 30th March 2013 held its first free check up for the students of the school. under 10 years of age.
There are so many definitions of Briew and who is Briew? Through many writers and researchers who is Man? Where did you come from? However, most of the time this subject of man does not reach anywhere. The former scientist Charles Darwin surprised the world with his explanation through the Theory of Evolution that man came from an ape. but the interesting thing is that even this rich man acknowledges that he has explained that he is a wonderful creation of God and thanks God for this.
Nongpoh, July 06: Heavy rainfall in Jorabat area today has caused flooding in many parts of the National Highway-3 There is a lot of trouble for the people who pass through this road.
There were also SPs from these three districts along with government officials.
Dhoom 4 is one of the new films that many viewers want to see and Aditya Chopra, the producer of the film, has decided to try to ring it this year so that it can be released. even at the end of the year.
The incident occurred on Sunday and the incident occurred after many factories were burnt down; which were opened locally and financed by China.
Some of them said they received 5000 tyngka.
Remember, children of Hynniewtrep that while we are living together with the Garo people, our Hynniewtrep people are ringing sdot and living in a state jyrwit because we don't have national leaders, we only have country leaders and The Garo people have had perfect leaders since the beginning of Meghalaya until now while the Garo people have had perfect leaders who have truly loved their country and their people.
Police have taken possession of the body for legal purposes.
If this allegation by the police is true, we can suspect that there may be some insurgent groups who want to incite the youth in other states to cause bloodshed.
At the same time, he urged the people not to hesitate to eat this local fish from the State ('kha-rit, 'kha-bah) as it is safe and proven. On the other hand, another vendor who sells 'kha-rit' from Bhoi, said that the fish market is crowded and not as usual because the people have refused to come. buy the fish.
After the arrest, they conducted a search operation and seized these drugs and other items.
Jowai, March 06: The 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022 was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
, Jonnibor Tron.
Once again, I would like the government to open the village markets in different villages.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 450 and the death toll has risen to
Two former leaders of Lum Jaintia Hills who have joined the BJP are Ma Sing Mulieh, former MLA of Jowai, former Minister of State, former MDC and former CEM. Marki Mulieh, MDC of Jowai North.
He said that from the research of some experts it has been found that there are more than 5,000 clans and every kur should have a Dorbar and this Clan Bill supports the Lineage Act,
The conversation at home, on the street, in public, at home, and even at work is always about elections.
According to the head of the Forest Department, such immoral acts have been found many times in the park and for this reason the Forest Department has been working with the Police Department to work together. find such people who are not righteous.
Members of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Upper Shillong Circle on receiving information about this, immediately rushed to the scene to express their strong opposition to the intention of the district authorities to apply for the No Objection Certificate (NoC) from the shopkeepers of the state who used to earn money near 7mer Road, Upper Shillong.
“The dorbar was held in the hall with the ministers, the MLAs were only singing and dancing,” said Bah Batkupar Wahlang. of it now amounts to 15 years.
Of course, as a young man who is still growing up and still thinking about the world, I cannot help but say that what I am saying here is complete and complete.
Terrence Sawian has been arrested by Jowai PS and is currently in Judicial Custody.
Lahkmen Rymbui (UDP) received 17,803 votes, Stephanson Mukhim (NPP) received 17,746 votes, Alban K Gashnga (TMC) received 100 votes and Arbiangkam Kharsohmat (INC) received 100 votes. -138 votes, but Firstborn Manner (BJP) -108 votes, NOTA-298 votes.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has promised in the House that in the second phase, the government will take action to move forward for the redressal of the boundary in the areas affected. within Block-1, which includes seven other areas.
Before the inauguration ceremony, Bah Gikur Myrthong, Symbud Kongsan, said that the cooperation of the people of the area and the MLA in the last four years has been a great blessing. to the Constituency and to the West Khasi Hills as a whole.
In a statement, the Vice President of the party, Bah Palwanbor Syiem, said that the party requests the public to inform the party leaders and take the number of the vehicle and the time of the incident. so that the organization can do what is necessary.
However, one of the biggest obstacles in the VPP and especially in these leading leaders on this occasion is that both Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit and Bah Ricky AJ Syngkon are the elders who have decided to vote for men. .
For example, the rumor that the Supreme Court has decided that future elections will be held through ballot papers; The government has given money to people with bank accounts, Aadhar cards and PAN cards, banned the use of EVMs and others.
Speaking to media, the spokesperson of the Sur Ehrngiew ki Nongmalki, Bah Junestar Kharbuli said that the group has come forward to join hands with the Sur ki Nongmawlai to strengthen their demand. to dismiss the police involved in the killing of Bah Che.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) today sent a letter to the Divisional Commercial Manager of the Northeast Frontier Railway (NSU) demanding that the railway booking counter and ticket office in Jowai should be reopened. .
Explaining, Bah Lamphrang, War Block Coordinator DDUGKY, said that the DDUGKY scheme was launched in India on September 25, 2014 on the occasion of the 98th birth anniversary of Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyaya. .
He said this can be seen through videos in which people have said that they will wait for only 10 minutes.
“However, we hope that the Committee will be able to consider and clarify the wishes of the political parties, civil society, MLAs and others to avoid any problems. affect the rules of law.
This also helps reduce the workload of nursing homes.
He said that the Council is not aware of this and these bills have been deposited in the Secretariat.
Besides, the Minister said that the state government has also made many suggestions for the increase in the number of homestays for tourists.
Pradhan also suggested that Meghalaya should include the Early Childhood Mission in collaboration with the Ministry of Education and Social Welfare.
Nongpoh, Naitung 14: To prevent child marriage and the dangers of AIDS, the Lumnongrim Women's Wing, Umsning, Ri-Bhoi District, on Saturday, conducted a one-day training program at home. The Awareness Program for Youth and Women, the youth men and women and the mothers.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Village Council, the Minister of Rangjadong Village Council and the leaders of the KSU Kynsimphlang Unit.
The Minister in his speech as the Chief Guest congratulated the school for providing the best service to produce and train thousands of teachers who have now served across the state in various studies after receiving training.
The party said that it will continue to stand in the middle or not to challenge the status quo regarding the job allocation that has been agreed after the state was independent from the ethnic groups of the state. and wants to pay tribute to the fighters for the independence of the state who decided for the benefit of the people of the state.
They also said that their expectations have not been fulfilled that the existence of JHADC, KHADC, GHADC is on the basis of protecting the country and the nation through the rules and regulations that prohibit the The ILP, which is on this basis, is urgently needed to be implemented throughout Meghalaya. This Act will prevent foreign investors from stealing the income from the foreigners.
The seven persons arrested include Ophrin Ryntathiang, Phrangsngi Kurbah, Lidra Kurbah, Dilip Kumar Kharthangmaw, Lingstep War, Starbor Kurbah and Khlur Kurbah. They are all from Jabar Village, Sohiong Police Outpost, West Khasi Hills District. The guns seized include 2 SBBL rifles, 2 DBML rifles and one SBML rifle. 2.30 KG of Doh Skei, four skein legs, one Skei head and Skei blood slaughtered by these illegal hunters were also seized.
Rita Phawa, Secretary of VO in Ïalong, in her welcoming speech, said that the VO has been conducting cleanliness programs in the past and urged the women to work better for this day. it’s special.
He reminded that the goal of the party is to bring about social change, political change and economic and commercial transformation of the Nation.
However, the Trai Ri Trai Muluk in his own country, land and shyiap was prevented from fulfilling his duties according to the Khasi customs and was considered a foreigner and was not allowed to give land as happened in Mylliem and other places.
COFFEE Coffee is a plant that has recently come to Khasi-Jaintia and in the last few years it has become well known to the farmers.
"“When we see peace, we will visit and meet with the people living on the border.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah said that the second list will be released in the last month of November or the first month of July
According to the SP, the petrol bomb throwers were paid T.50,000 for committing the robbery.
Besides the colorful costumes of the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War, there were also some young people who came together to celebrate the Day of Indigenous Peoples in India.
Guwahati: India and Bangladesh have agreed to open seven more border posts in the North East.
When the youth are strong, the whole community is strong.
He said that most of the VOs who work hard and through their work, can get various assistance and as an MLA he requested them to show their work if they want help and urged them. They should continue to work hard in their work especially without any complaints and that they should continue to progress in their work and service.
“Describing this action of the opposition as a regrettable incident, CM Conrad Sangma said that the members of the opposition have just created an issue out of what they themselves have been involved in. He also accused the opposition members of not wanting to listen to his answer on the budget discussions after the House approved the calendar proposed by the BAC. they have seen the processes that have taken place in the state.
The work to repair the damaged roads is ongoing and these include the roads in Garo Hills, such as NH-51, AMPT, NH-62, Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura, Garobadha-Ampati-Mahendraganj, Garobadha-Ampati-Mahendraganj, Baghmara-Maheshkhola, Chokpot-Sibari, Bajengdoba-Resu, Songsak-Mendipathar, Mendipathar-Damra, Garobadha-Mankachar, which were affected by the landslide.
And God called unto Moses out of the midst of the bush, and said, Moses, Moses, I am the LORD;
The power of real money has destroyed all the rights of the people and also the clean and beautiful market of this Khasi country.
Under this partnership, Bajaj Finserv will launch training opportunities for more than 20,000 youth through the Certificate Program in Banking, Finance & Insurance (CPBFI), a 100-hour program with skilled training in various fields. from education, health and others.
Staising Kharbteng, Sub Inspector of Schools, Mawkyrwat, urged the students to be diligent in their studies so that they can continue to higher education and become skilled workers in various fields. in the days and times ahead, advising them to avoid the obstacles that will stumble their future.
On receiving information about the incident, fire engines from Nongpoh, Umsning and Umiam Fire and Emergency Services rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire. Truck.
I see and hear that even the bus conductors when calling passengers to Laimu – Laimu or Laimo Laimo has become Laitumkhrah.
The residents did not agree with the explanation of the PHE Engineer and decided to gather information through RTI and to investigate the matter with the CBI.
“To anyone who has done good deeds and especially to the leader who has brought about many development projects, we should congratulate, because as it is now, the Jirang Constituency has “We have received many development projects, including roads, schools, health centers and others,” said Bah Macmillan Byrsat.
I have asked a news portal to remove this article which has spread all over the world until people know everything.
The area of ​​this cemetery is not less than 8 acres,” he told reporters.
We have tried our best but you have seen that these water trucks are also many, they have to stand in line and while a tank of 1800 litres, 500 liters and especially those large tanks is full, it has been destroyed. hours due to extremely low tide.
Through this meeting with the CEM, we have been able to inform the CEM about the failure to register land, and the CEM has also explained that the District Council has also drafted the Land Bill, and in this On the other hand, the villages under the KHADC have been able to register their land with the District Council and any bank has been able to recognize the syrnod issued by the District Council if they want to borrow money from the bank.
We on behalf of the Waheh Shnongs of Raij Nongjngi after seeing the news in Rupang on 31-03-2021 regarding the murder of a Rangbah named Moris Lamin in Takhniang Village, we are pleased to announce that We are surprised and surprised as the village leaders because according to the reports, this man who was killed is from Nongjngi Khliehriat. In fact he is from Moriap, Mynso District and was born in Khliehriat and Khliehriat. If the news is not clear, it will confuse and mislead the residents of our village. Regarding the suspicion that the robbers who killed the Rangbah are from Nongjngi, we as the The leaders of the villages don't know which village has those robbers, because in Raij Nongjngi we have our own Dorbar Shnong.
Revelation 20:6 says, “Blessed and holy is he who has part in the first resurrection; over these the second death has no power; but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years.
What better working policy and appropriate rule to solve the problem in this village.
The meeting of the party, which was held on 9th July 2018, will support Bah Pynehborlang Mukhim after it was thanked by Bah Blat Kharpran, whom they had elected earlier as Bah Blat Kharpran. you are your candidate.
The Jarain Market run by Amwi Ar Lyngdoh will reopen from the 17th of this month, after being cleaned on Friday, while the market held at Sawshnong Square of Amwi Ar Lyngdoh, Jaintia Hills The Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has immediately suspended the construction of the market.
These are the things that have not happened to mankind.
“One of the main objectives of Aspire Meghalaya is to help develop the hidden talents of the youth of the state.
After these companies surrendered, the union also opened the door.
This also happens to some Church Leaders including perhaps even me and you who are one of them.
Therefore, if there is a road connecting these places, it will make it easier to travel and the cost of travel will be much lower and will not affect the time of the passengers.
He said that in Meghalaya, the number of those who request information through RTI is low.
Thus, if a Christian has faith in the Word of God, he will receive the powerful work of the Holy Spirit, but if it is only for the glory of man to be praised, the Spirit has no place to work.
“I have come to investigate by myself to find out whether it is true or not as complained by the residents that the water supply system has been damaged and this complaint is true,” said Andrew Shullai. newspaper.
Eve was a human being, not a demon like Lilith was.
The categories include Open Men's Single, Men's Double, Mixed Double, Women's Single and Women's Double.
In the past few months, on behalf of the Seng, we have spoken and expressed our opposition to the implementation of the Project for the installation of Smart Meters in several places in the State.
The team has also replaced two players, Alasdair Evans and Adrian Neill, who have already played in Nepal. Kyle Coetzer.
The KSU has stopped the protest after the Booth Level Officers (BLOs) did not enter all the houses but held it in one room of the house in the village at the house of a foreigner. whose name was Padom Rai.
Shillong, July 13: The Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri today said in the House that the state government has set up a Subsidiary Multi Agency Center (SMAC) to strengthen the security department. especially in relation to the fight against terrorist groups.
He said that as a party, we have not approved all the talks taken by the Government.
Bah DP Wahlang said that this scheme is the first to provide water to 472 households and they will receive 500 liters of water per day.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that it is not an easy task to meet the demand for all the 342 households as the HPC has informed the government if it wants to evict them from the area. the place where they live now.
Because Covid-19/20 is an infected viral disease, it will not forgive both young and old.
—In exercise of the powers conferred by clause (2) of Article 372 of the Constitution of India and of all other powers enabling him in that behalf, the President is pleased to make the following order.
Nongpoh: After receiving information that there has been a smuggling between Khasi traders and foreigners from Sunapur Assam, the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Federation (HNYF) in Ri Bhoi District have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner. Ri Bhoi, which is a request to the DC to send patrols in these border areas, from Byrnihat to 14Mer and 13Mer.
“By faith they (the children of Israel) passed through the Red sea as by dry land: which the Egyptians assaying to do were drowned. When the Egyptians tried to drive them away, they drowned.
Speaking to reporters, Phorida Suting said that her daughter, Klotilda Suting, left the village on the 19th of June early morning after her daughter died. I went to the CHC in Ummulong.
“We all see these incidents even though the residents of the state are peace loving people but some of them have destroyed the society,” he said.
MLA Bah Witting Mawsor today slammed the MDC by saying that in the past few days the MDC has alleged that it is the MLA of Mawshynrut who has suspended all the MDC schemes. scheme to be introduced in Mawshynrut constituency.
Payeng said that parents entrust their children to the care of nature because nature gives them fresh air, sunshine and others and that all these ensure that children grow up in the right way.
NEW DELHI: The number of cases of corona virus in the country has risen to 60,471 today, the lowest number in the past 75 days.
Speaking on the implementation of schemes under the National Health Mission, Dr Pawar said that through the NHM, the funds allocated to Meghalaya this year is about Rs 600 crore at 90% of the total. Central Government and 10% from the State Government.
Regarding the rnga burning, many people say that it is due to the lack of jobs.
They acknowledged that the failure and emergence of many ECs in KHADC in the past three years will not happen again this time.
Because of the excessive heat, many people do not dare to leave their homes until it is a little warmer.
The Sordar of Mawkynbat Village, Bah Parius Wahlang, said that there are about 40 households affected by the cyclone in Mawkynbat Village.
Earlier, VPP Leader and Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit said that if the joint venture goes, it will put the MCCL at great risk.
Nongpoh, Nailar 12: Ka Jatsngi Jingkyrmen today held its first Annual General Body Meeting for all its members. The meeting was held at the Umsning Auditorium Hall.
Since he rebelled against God, God cast him out of the third heaven to the second heavenly realm, which means that he sits under the throne of God.
Besides, if the law is implemented, those who sell in the market will have to register and obtain a license from the government and this will prevent them from selling in the market as they please.
You're useless bn pt me.
On behalf of West Khasi Hills District, the committee includes the Minister of Social Welfare etc., Chairman Paul Lyngdoh, RL Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency, Methodius Dkhar MLA Mawshynrut Constituency, Remington Gabil Momin. , CEM of KHADC, Bajop Pyngrope as members and Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District as member convener.
Besides the presence of Umsning MLA, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh as the chief guest, the church through the Reception Committee, Pastors, Tymmen Basan, Elders, Leaders were also present on the occasion. village officers from the PWD department and others where they agreed to create the mechanisms for the introduction of government schemes for the safety of the Synod to be held in 2024 at at the New Presbyterian Church.
Another example is that there are words that are similar but have different usage according to the synropktien (sentence) such as mian mian, jai jai, malu mala which can carry the same meaning, but the usage depends on the sentence. the case.
The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) Saphai Unit in Saphai has found 26 foreigners working in factories, roads and other areas without any labor documents. license and other documents from the JHADC on Thursday.
He also clarified the statements of two groups of friends from Garo Hills that he has an intention to stir up ethnic hatred, it is not so, but he said that those groups should have met with the leaders first. of the VPP, before they criticized and confused the masses.
Secy and Bah H.Wahlang have left a letter to the SDO of Mairang Civil Sub – Division Mairang to stop the movement of trucks carrying more than 9 tonnes from the NEC road (Mairang to Rani Godown Road). ).
The 1st Semi-final will be played on the 4th June,
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that there have been discussions on the resignation of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) MLA Ampareen. Lyngdoh is a member of the National People's Party (NPP).
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh, said that the market has turned into a place of sma iwtung and if there is any natural disaster, there will be serious damage to the market. , one due to congestion and the other due to imperfectly planned designs.
During the inspection, the Minister met with the officers of the Commerce and Industries Department of the state.
“There are those who think that money will win but it is not so because a candidate without the love of the people will not win even if he has a lot of money,” said the President of the UDP. UDP Pynursla Circle President Titosster Well Chyne includes Banalari Khongwar, Vice President Kim Sing Khongliam and Overness Masynting, General Secretary Tarni Khonglam, Joint Secretary Hira Khongsdam and Treasurer, Samuel Lamin, three advisors and nine executive members.
The second are those leaders who are able to deceive and bewitch the people who do not know or understand what is right or wrong.
So I don't want to say that they don't invest, but the funding for the NEP, which doesn't exist yet, is a huge expense and we have to find solutions on this”.
Shillong, March 5: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the HSPDP will hold a meeting tomorrow at 2 pm at the residence of Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Lad-Nongkrem. Nongkrem constituency and at the same time the Vice President of the HSPDP. At the meeting, it was said that the party will discuss many issues but the most important issue is the leadership role of the leaders. Earlier, the party said that it is a very urgent issue because the mid-term elections have been held whether it is the mid-term MLA elections in Nongstoiñ constituency or the mid-term MDC elections. The HSPDP has been formed after the sudden death of its President Hopingstone Lyngdoh on 26th November this year.
The party also demanded that before the MDA II government starts to demarcate the border in the second phase, it should gather the Syiems, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs to consult on the issue. Their wishes and the nature of the Khaddar administration, according to the boundaries of the Himas and Villages, so that it does not cause confusion and chaos as it has been in the past.
The NESO has demanded that the BJP should apologize for this insult to the people of the North East.
The body of the unidentified man has been placed at the morgue of Shillong Civil Hospital and police have requested the family members to collect the body before the law. will do the needful.
It will include natural farming and Bokashi farming and will also teach how to process the fruits and vegetables grown in the country. the village is created.
If a man doesn't think about his life, God is angry. God says – “But now you rejoice in your boastings.
He also told about the various activities to be carried out to provide information in the rural areas.
cases in West Khasi Hills District, 43 cases in RiBhoi District, 14 cases in West Jaintia Hills District, 15 cases in East Jaintia Hills District, 15 cases in West Garo Hills District and 2 cases in South Garo Hills District.
Shillong: There have been 125 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 233 recoveries and 2 deaths.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong and Minerva Punjab drew 1-1 in the Hero Elite League Final Round Group B (U-18 Youth League) 2018/19 today.
The Chief Minister, Deputy Chief Minister and Minister I/C DCA when speaking on this issue should not have mentioned the AD Rules 1951 as it is clear that all three speak in strong words but do not mention a single Rule.
In a statement, the GNLA has warned the police that if they continue to raid their camp, it will increase the number of insurgents in Lum Garo.
Any type of jam is given preference to those who come first.
The day was enriched by songs, traditional dances, choreography and other activities by the students of the school.
Three persons were seriously injured and others sustained minor injuries.
Under the pretext of evicting the invaders from the Government forests, there has been the destruction of churches and residential areas where hundreds of indigenous Boro residents, became fugitives in their own land.
On the other hand, Union Minister Kiren Rijiju strongly condemned the actions of these organizations and showed a letter signed by the General Secretary of APCA Pekhi which reads, “ this is not enough.
With this victory, Spain will face Sweden in the semi final on the 15th of this month.
Sawkmie added that the election process is too difficult to say that we have already won, as the President of the VPP said in this year's MP election.
On the 14th November 2020, the Seng handed over to the Village of Mawlai Kyntonmassar.
On the estimate that the monthly salary of more than 3000 MeECL employees will reach T.36 crore, Process said that during the tenure of CMD Nikhla, the monthly salary of employees is only T.25 crore and now in Kemhbavi it ​​has increased to T.11 crore.
What to do before a cyclone: ​​Do not listen to bad news, stay calm and don't worry.
“3 pawa per 10 kilos support me – I don't know what they mean, but as it is now 3 pawa are with me,” said Bah Rynga.
Bah Kitbok Thabah asked the state government, which has admitted that it does not have the money, how it has the money to pay to other singers and dancers from other states to Meghalaya.
The questions received by the SSSS were the names of all the employees of the District Council, their jobs and the years they started working, but no answer was given to the question when they were appointed. , when the position was advertised in the newspapers, or what the appointment committee was at the time of recruitment, when the interview was completed, and other questions that the organization presented to the journalist.
Conrad said the Assam government is working closely with the Meghalaya government in all aspects.
If you don't file a complaint, the Lok Ayukta will have nothing to do.
Besides, this newsletter will also contain important information for the youth in relation to many things that many still need to read and know.
Earlier, we suggested to MeECL through this platform to use the villagers in all the villages with more than 6,000 villages for the distribution of bills and collection of money.
Revelation 20:1-1
Shillong: The DC's office has announced to reinstate the night curfew from 25th to 31st of this month as part of the prevention of the spread of corona virus in the state especially in East Khasi Hills. 2020, from 7 pm to 6 pm in East Khasi Hills, Sohra and Pynursla.
The last reservation policy that was wrong with the leaders has not been fixed, but the roster system has been attacked.
Shillong, Naitung 4: The Bhara Tiya Janata Party (BPP) today paid tribute to the late former Home Minister, Bah TH Rangad. The 13th death anniversary of the party was celebrated at the office of the party on 4th November
North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Government Boys Higher Secondary School, Amwi Jarain Secondary School, Marianhill Higher Secondary School and Ummulong Presbyterian Higher Secondary School have qualified for the quarter finals of the Under-17 Boys Inter School Football tournament. Tournament- The Subroto Cup was organized by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District.
The Speaker also congratulated the teachers for their great involvement and responsibility in improving the minds and lives of the children.
At the same time, Shillong Entertainment invites all the talented dancers whether in the field of actor actress, Khasi film or Hindi, English and others.
We cannot run businesses with students, we need everyone," he said.
The best tyrpad leaves are found in Mawsynram and Phlangwanbroi.
Starina Jasain from the state won the second place in the 21 kilometer race in the age group of 50 years and above.
On this occasion, they invited other ethnic groups living in this area.
Shillong: There have been 59 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
I don't accept that the ILP in KHADC and JHADC will create problems for our Garo friends as written in this report, because even when we go to Nagaland, we who are Schedule Tribes, don't How much more will it be a problem for us here when we and the Garo are Meghalayans, or even those Garo who come from other states or abroad? to recognize that, because if they are Garo, they are like Khasi-Jaintia, no one will ask their Garo friends when they meet them wherever they are, whether they have received a permit, so they enter. they came out as they pleased.
The Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, Sampath Kumar said that the receipt of this award from the WHO is also a collaboration between various Government departments on the meeting of the Minister. Mr. Conrad K. Sangma.
The Cell also raised questions on the award of construction to KPC which has bad signs in many places.
This can be especially true in the wrist areas.
Rajasthan Chief Minister Shambhu Singh Khetasar has visited a well with a portrait of Vasundhara Raje, Chief Minister of Rajasthan. posted on social media.
“This power outage has affected all aspects from the livelihood of many people and has also affected the students especially during this examination period,” said the statement.
It is said that Russia at this time appears to be planning to attack and recapture the city of Bakhmut as most of the missiles fired by the Russian troops have reached Bakhmut.
Therefore, if the Durbar Kurs are strong, it will be of great benefit to the nation if they too take action to ensure that the identity of the Hynniewtrep people is not lost, but to support and preserve the dignity of the Hynniewtrep people.
To protect the hills, rivers and farmland from the allocation of companies to build electric dams.
He said that the Union Minister has also approved the proposal to allocate funds through the Revamp Distribution Service System (RDSS) to improve the electricity distribution system and More than Rs 1100 crore has been allocated for the generation of electricity in the state.
xxv) The Kavisandhi program is a program that allows the writer to read his own poems in front of the audience.
Earlier, Mayralbon expressed his concern over the influx of people who have been deported from Assam after the end of the NRC after more than 19 lakh people have been rejected and deported. like that bar country.
I thank my Creator for helping us as a family in this regard.
He also urged the children to become spokespersons in order to spread the message on the care of drinking water.
In the second half, Caroline Colony turned the tide with a goal from Famous Paslein (65).
Since Dr. Bishnoi assumed office as the new DGP of the State, he has tried to get closer to the people by visiting the villages around Shillong.
Babu Birbor said that many of the teachers who have been dismissed will not be able to find other jobs because they are over the age of looking for jobs. that you have tam you rta.
Hamedamanbha Wahlang scored another goal for Lajong in the 52nd minute.
Mawphlang said that according to the notifications at NEHU, since 2017 onwards, there have been 56 posts of Professor and Assistant Professor for which applications have been called but these are still pending.
It is unfortunate that the government has not done anything about the overloaded trucks/vehicles as these are the main causes of the untimely destruction of the roads constructed at a cost of tens of crores of rupees.
Police have conducted this patrol to prevent any robbers even though the Sengbhalang has already announced that the protest to demand Inner Line Permit (ILP) has been suspended from the 10th to the 16th of this month. allow the ritual to continue.
Up to 10 wrestlers from the state have come to take part in the All India Open Arm Wrestling Championship and a total of 200 wrestlers from all over the country have come to take part in the tournament. come to sh part.
The program was conducted by GLC Mylliem, MCS, Asst.Commissioner, who also gave a welcome speech and welcomed all those who attended the programme.
“As a human being I cannot stand against the leaders because in the election without the leaders, the supporters you will decide alone you are alone, so I listen to many churches, that's why I decided to leave “It's the PDF,” said Bah Hamlet.
He said that the Deputy Commissioner has promised to inform the government that the residents of the villages in the border area have wanted to expedite the arrangement. and he shall divide the border, that there may be no more doubt among the people.
Even in the midst of these difficulties, they have not lost hope because they have survived without the assistance of the government.
The crowds were shocked by this news and how many more disciples had been living in fear and anxiety since the days of Jesus' arrest and execution.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 which was held on Saturday at the 3rd Ground, ended with two teams winning the title. you didn't succeed.
In this incident, Bah Ardent and the people who followed him turned to the main gate of the Secretariat and in the middle of the road before reaching the Secretariat, a clash broke out between the people including MDCs like Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. One of the PCN journalists who has passed away was injured in a stone throwing incident.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The new Pynursla Block Congress Committee (PBCC) under the leadership of Bah Hanbor Khongtani, President and other members of the committee, has clarified that the dissolution of the old committee is only for the purpose of those members, who are in the Block, not the Primary Members or the Units and the Youth Congress Committee.
How can the Inquiry Commission of the MSCW be adequate, when the delays have become clear?, said the CSWO. The Commission to investigate the police is surprising.
Parents, whose families are suffering from sorrow, heartache, besides spending thousands of dollars to send their children to school with the intention and hope that they will become human beings. nothing in life, but they lose the precious soul of man.
Shillong, July 17: To encourage young people who have turned 18 to register as voters, the Meghalaya Election Commission (ECI) has released a fake picture of a monkey known as 'Mark' and 'Mark' Markor'.
She said that if anything bad happens to them and the village leaders, the union will make it clear that the management of Dalmia Cement Ltd and the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District will be responsible. They should take responsibility,” said the statement.
In Ribhoi, there are 31 cases.
Every Friday, there is a news about the new programs of the Sengbhalang, which starts every Tuesday and so on, but until tonight, at the time of writing, , no news has been received from the Sengbhalang and it appears that there is no program to be held on Tuesday or in the coming days.
In these days, the cost of seeds, fertilizer, labor and others has been lost completely.
The woman, Stefani Lyngdoh Nonglait (30), who has been pregnant for two months, was found dead in her bed on Friday. neck.
According to the farmers, this month is not the best month to plant the rice outside, because it is still young and this month of water shortage and harvesting the rice outside has caused the this field is no longer useful or usable.
After a while, Buhsing and Borsing were ready to move from Swer and settled here in a place called Nonglba, which is on the other side of the hill with Sohra. and the place was called the city of Khatar.
There are many who oppose the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma in political affairs, but if it weren't for him, he would have sent the Svamitva project of the Government of India to the District Council KHADC in Manipur was born in Meghalaya.
The party has also demanded that the Government of India (GOI) should grant special status to the North East States and also increase the number of MP seats from 35 seats to 60 seats. Meghalaya from 2 seats to 5 seats so that the issues of the eastern states can be heard in Parliament.
It’s their view and their opinion.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The Maw Bynna Festival which was held recently on the 25th and 26th of March at Mawphlang has stirred up the culture and beliefs of the people.
In a letter sent to the Joint Secretary to the State Government, the union said that the venue of the meeting on the Reservation Roster for the responsible residents of the Achik community should be in Tura, for Tura is the capital of the Achik people.
He said that this has to be arranged where all those who have license to mine underground will have to pay the remaining 50%, 50% will have to pay immediately while the remaining 50% will be released. to be paid by October 31, 2021.
Therefore, they should leave the area immediately, and he insisted that the district administration should take responsibility to do something to evacuate the BSF from Sonapyrdi, said the Waheh Shnong of Sonapyrdi.
Shillong, November 2: A Nepali boy named Obe Chetri, 17, was shot dead by a group of Muslims in Jhalupara on Tuesday.
Meghalaya is top of Pool F after winning all their last three matches after beating Mizoram 3-0 on 19th November, -0 against IPSC and 4-0 against Chandigarh on Tuesday.
Today, Ladthadlaboh will play against Khimusniang at 3 pm.
Of these, 2 were adults and one was a woman.
The man was handed over to the Sadar PS and told the police that he found it from the ground floor of his house last night.
On the other hand, Bah Kering Wahlang congratulated all those who took part in helping the family when their family member went missing until the day he was found under the bridge in Nonglait.
After a while, it was time to close.
Shillong, March 11: The Union of Village Authorities (Urban and Rural), Shillong, including the Mawlai Town Dorbar, on Saturday held a meeting at the Community Hall, Jaiaw Shyiap & Lumpyllon. Nongthymmai Pyllun, Shiliang Umkhen, Upper Shillong Union and Laitkor Pyllun Union of Rangbah Shnongs have decided to hold a procession on the 30th of this month. any obstacles that intend to block or disrupt their procession.
Speaking to media, Thomas praised the decision of the MDA-II Government led by Conrad Sangma to elect him for the post.
The book was published by the Publications Division of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting as part of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav.
Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie on Tuesday donated money to three persons, including Bah Badon, Arbet and Ferick. the journey of their enemies.
Regarding the first sector from Umshyrpi to Upper Shillong, the work will start soon.
India's 2-0 victory over Lebanon in the Intercontinental Cup final came through goals from Sunil Chhetri and Lallianzuala Chhangte last month.
Patrick said that at the time of the fire at St. Peter's School, he was in a deep sleep and his eyes were still open at 3 to 4 o'clock in the morning. I was still in a good sleep, I heard the neighbors shouting fire, I thought there was a fire in one place, but when I woke up I saw that it was inside. I took my mobile phone, I took the bags with the necessary documents, I sent everyone outside and I was the last person to leave. “It's a building at the school,” said Patrick, who also showed burn marks on his shoulder.
"Faith is not a gathering of people in one's own group, but it is the struggle of mankind to know and understand righteousness and truth.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday said that it will not decide to suspend the protest against the railway line despite the government's decision to suspend it temporarily until the implementation of countermeasures. the influx of people into the state.
Finally he found that Riia was better but she talked too much.
The office bearers of JPWDMW&LU, Amlarem Unit include President Valiant Singh Pohkyrnu, Vice President Medinand Mukhim, General Secretary Manywell Tongper, Assistant General Secretary Owanli Tariang, Treasurer Pynskhem Nongpluh. who are executive members.
Before the innings of Hyderabad's two batsmen, the team was still in the score of 165/6, after the team led Meghalaya by 46 runs in the first innings. end of the first inning.
In the first half, both teams struggled to score but no goal was scored until the end of the first half.
According to the show cause notice, the RO of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency has informed the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, to explain on or before the 12th of this month why no action should be taken against him. in accordance with the provisions of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC).
They said that the allegation of involvement of politicians is unfounded as the KHADC understands and knows how to judge according to the documents.
According to the statement, during the inspection, illegal mining, trafficking and transportation of rnga was found in many places especially in Sohjarang and Pathar Lyndan areas for delivery to The factory is located in Ri-Bhoi.
Another former Chief Minister, Salseng C Marak, said that the death of PA Sangma cannot be explained in words.
He declined to disclose the shortcomings in the VAB of KHADC and JHADC. “We don't want to disclose the shortcomings but now it is up to the district councils to complete the work,” he said. the Priest.
Bah Malngiang praised the training center for producing goods and also explained the ways in which his office can provide financial assistance through PMEGP and subsidies for the purchase of equipment and services. to the people.
Unemployment: In April, 2020, according to a survey conducted by the Center for Monitoring Indian Economy (CMIE), Meghalaya had an unemployment rate of 10.0%.
He said that the government has taken action on this issue and he hopes that the Chief Minister will convene a meeting of the Cabinet to discuss this issue. .
The first leg of the match will be between Nongthymmai SC and Lawei SC at 1 pm while Mawlai SC will face Thynroit SC in the second leg at 1 pm. 3:30 p.m.
In a statement, the KSU through its president Streamly N Suchen said, “We strongly urge the immediate removal of these illegal BSF camps and relocation to the nearby border areas of the country. The BSF has taken steps against their violent activities to address the problems of the residents living within the boundary of these BSF camps in Sonapyrdi, Ratacherra and Hingaria.
The leaders and leaders whom we intend to elect from different constituencies to the Legislative Assembly of the State.
The instructors behind the implementation of the e-bike and e-wheelchair are Bah Dominic Ïawphniaw, Shemphang Nongkynrih and Mario Gareth Sawkmie. and Martin Singleton.
The complainants filed the Program Code, according to the Cable Television Network Rules, 1994 and demanded the removal of all insulting speeches against the Bollywood team.
On the other hand, Bah Hamlet Dohling, on this occasion, said that as soon as he became the Minister of Urban Affairs, he has sought information on the pending projects of the Urban Department. As the Minister in charge of the department, he is eager to implement all the pending projects in all the districts of the state.
Many of the participants in the conference also expressed their concern over the attempts of some people to claim that all Bengalis are “Bangaldeshi”.
James K Sangma, Minister in charge of Revenue, has introduced the Meghalaya Settlement of Arrears Bill, 2020 in the House. The amendment, after receiving an explanation from the Minister, was withdrawn and the House passed the Bill.
According to him, the purpose of the joint inspection is to ensure that there will be no doubt on the issue and that the governments will take decisions according to the wishes of the people.
Because of the newspaper on 8-10-22, the contract teachers who have been on strike for 10 months, no MDA has listened to their grievances and on 7-10-22, 4 teachers have been injured. There is no MDA who has seen or felt sorry for them, but they have been thrown into the fire when the teachers have demanded their rights.
Shillong: The Non-Gazetted Employees Association (NGEA) of Garo Hills District has postponed the date of the elections to the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Referring to the team that will compete in the 3rd Sub Junior Boys & Girls National Boxing Championship to be held in Noida, Arki Menbha Ramen (35-37 KG) will represent the state. ), Kyrshan Swer (37-40 KG), Ethaniel Nongkhlaw (40-43 KG), Karan Sunar (43-46 KG), Banrapkupar Syiem (46-49 KG), Lewanki Pakma (49-52 KG), Disrang Sangma ( 58–61 Kg).
He said it is true that many of the supporters who elected Bah Reming are not happy that he will contest again from the UDP. The Circle, but we have not received the voice of the Primary Units, so we have arranged to hold a public meeting at the meeting next month, to think carefully and take a decision whether to leave. “I will join the UDP,” said Roland.
East Khasi Hills has 39.31 percent, West Garo Hills has 41.10 percent, South Garo Hills has 31.63 percent and North Garo Hills has 36.33 percent. South West Garo Hills accounted for 26.45 percent, East Khasi Hills accounted for 75.05 percent, West Khasi Hills accounted for 65.34 percent, Eastern West Khasi Hills accounted for 71.50 percent and South West Khasi Hills accounted for Ribhoi District has 63.60 percent, West Jaintia Hills 77.51 percent and East Jaintia Hills 82.36 percent.
Even if other religions and other nations die, the foolish Christians in Khasiland will rejoice.
He said that if found, the FKJGP will not forgive such people as it is a common incident.
The union has strongly warned these foreigners and also the Khasi driver, not to encourage such foreigners to smuggle in the trade in the district.
When they try to set up their own businesses, they don't get the opportunity because the influx of foreigners is no longer a problem because when the youth of the country try to find houses to set up their own businesses like shops, what is surprising and sad? Kim didn't have a house in Wai because the house was not built in another state.
The resurrection in Israel proves that there is a resurrection of people from the grave, and the resurrection of Jesus proves that he is the Firstfruits of that resurrection.
We have lived in an age when stories from generation to generation have been brought to life, by writers who describe the life of the sword, now we can I don't know why, but I think it's important that we don't let them enter the classrooms of schools in Khasi-Jaintia. Any kind of film, it stays forever in the minds of the children, where they can never forget that as a nation we really have the heroes of the country, who don't care about the sword. the stranger has broken on his way to escape the sword, but they have gathered their soldiers, to stand up for their own cause, to save the future generation.
Why is this happening to education in the state? The Minister of Education should give a proper answer to the people of the villages on the backwardness of education in government schools in the state.
Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) General Secretary Treibor R Suchen has slammed the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, for forgetting the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP) which has been demanded for many years in the state. .
“He said that there are some villages which have wells which they have used to draw water but these have gradually dried up.
The blast occurred at 10.40 pm Kabul time.
The meeting was held to study the state of beekeeping in the state and also to assist the beekeepers by setting up an Integrated Bee Development Center (IBDC) at a cost of T.10 crore. tnad Tribal Affairs.
These people still want to share a place with you,” agreed Lydia. So they both went to sleep.
Home Minister Amit Shah today showed a picture of the Cabinet meeting, which was chaired by the Prime Minister. The reason is the spread of the coronavirus.
Therefore – blessed is the nation whose God is the LORD.—Psalm 33:1
“The wish of the party is that such incidents should not happen again, because if there is any suspicion, anyone will be responded to by shooting dead and this is an unacceptable path. in this country the People's Government.
Those who have entered new schools should not be admitted if they have not completed the injection.
To support youth and citizens with various skills, techniques and knowledge to improve income generation.
On the other hand, it was reported that Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who is currently the Minister of District Council Affairs, may be promoted to the post of Symbud Myntri Rangbah in place of Bah Rowel Lyngdoh who will be removed.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Manjunathan, has passed away suddenly from a heart attack.
The funeral service was held on Sunday at Somsai village, Ukhrul District.
The CSWO and TUR have alleged that the appointment did not go according to the rules but was taken advantage of by Bah Sanbor as the leader of the people.
The Dorbar of Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of Chawas Lyngdoh, Dolloi of Raliang Elaka as President and Manbha Kyndoh, Dolloi of Narpuh Elaka as Secretary, has been empowered by the Supreme Court to collect taxes.
At the meeting held at Pyndengkhah, after hearing the explanations through the speeches of the leaders, the people decided to send Wossie Rani to contest and decided to work together with the for the purpose of winning, honor young Wossie.
In the same colour, the Governor of the State also honored the Rangsan Khduh Du.
Shillong: Under the leadership of Samla Wellson RD Siangshai, President JSM, ER, in the presence of Samla Kerbhame Dkhar, Assistant Secretary JSM, CB and other members of the JSM, today, They have lodged a petition with the Project Director, NHAI (PUI) Shillong through the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat.
Today, the leading team of athletes of the state won 3 Silver and 5 Bronze medals.
The Jaintia Student Movement Eastern Region (JSM-ER) under the leadership of Bah Shnalad Rymbai, President JSM-ER, said that it has decided to stand up against the import of coal from Assam into the state. The State Government, since 2014 until now, has been unable to discuss the coal issue.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) Prestone Tynsong has informed that the delay in starting the work is due to the fact that the company that was awarded the contract has abandoned the project. Tender has been called again to implement the project.
However, since Bah Adelbert Nongrum joined the VPP, KHNAM has been running smoothly as the President has been taken over by Bah Pyndap Saibon.
He said the NPP and the BJP are the same.
Speaking to reporters, the Deputy Chief Executive Member (Dy CEM) of the Council, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem said that this decision was taken at a meeting convened by the KHADC. together with members of the leadership of various Seng Kurs as well as the Chief Executive Members after a heated discussion on the issue of Scheduled Tribe Census and the role of Seng Kurs.
The Meteorological Department has warned that tomorrow, there will be rain and thunderstorms in parts of the state.
Before Bah M.Tympuin went to the office of the DC of West Khasi Hills to register his nomination papers, a short meeting of the party was held in Nongstoin. The party has also expressed its hope that the contest in the election will be between the UDP and the HSPDP. The candidate nominated by the party will also win the mid-term elections.
The deadline for filing nomination papers for the 2023 MLA elections will be on 7th June.
The party has confirmed Bah World Champion Paliar as President of the NPYF, two Vice Presidents including Bah Pynshaibor Lyngdoh and Shailambok Marbaniang, three General Secretaries including Bah Pynshaibor Lyngdoh and Shailambok Marbaniang. Bendrowell Hashah, Kyntonbor Mawsor and Bansaiohbor Mawtyllup, seven secretaries, members of the Executive Committee and others.
“It is indeed a history in the Maweit area where after 57 years, the foundation stone has been laid to the public and which has shocked not only the people, but me personally because it is a road that has been built. “It's been a long time and now it's come true,” said the Prime Minister.
The program was also held to mark the International Day Against Drugs and as part of the Nasha Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan. East Jaintia Hills District, Ms. R. Pasah, Head Master of KB Memorial Higher Secondary School, Bah Heipor Bang, students and other dignitaries.
The MDCs who won from the UDP include Paul Lyngdoh from Shillong West and Pius Marwein from Ranikor.
These centers will act as a single window to assist the low paid and other poor people to get information regarding scholarships and other schemes for the welfare, collaboration and State Government, assistance to the poor in dialogue with government departments and others.
Mawkyrwat, July 06: The Community Led Landscape Management Project (CLLMP) in collaboration with the Basin Development Unit (JICA, MLAMP, FOCUS) today held a meeting with the Basin Development Unit. The theme, “One World – To Live Together with Nature” or “To Protect the Environment” or “To Protect the Environment” was concluded. san together with the fire of nature.
This problem can be solved if we work together and find out the cause of the emergence of wild groups.
The President of HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar, said that the union has suggested that the DC should create other measures so that this order will not affect their livelihood. Many of the vendors in the market are not able to open their shops.
Before the Mawryngkneng bye election, the ECI in a letter dated 20 Oct 2021 has clarified that it does not recognize Bah Adelbert Nongrum as the president of KHNAM. As the party, we express our surprise and ask Bah Adelbert, “How many times have you resigned from the same party?”.
To serve Him. How can we love God for Him whom we cannot receive unless we love our fellow human beings?
Shillong: The Education Cell of the KSU Central Body has announced that all members of the KSU from different units should come and take part in the rally of KAS to be held on the 22nd of this month at Malki Square. .
The purpose of this meeting is to seek advice from the leaders, intellectuals and the public on ways and means to prevent the loss of lives, homes, property, just because of evil suspicion. whoever it is.
Donlad Diengdoh scored his second hat-trick in the Meghalaya State League 2023 to help Mawlai Sports Club beat Umrit Sports Club 7-0 in the Group A match of the 2023 FIFA World Cup. The tournament will be held on Saturday at the MFA Turf Ground in Shillong.
In the Shillong zone, Mawlai SC beat Jyntru 5-1 with Donlad Diengdoh scoring a hat-trick in the 20th, 44th and 72nd minutes. Jong changed the night.
In the 58th minute, 7 Wasa scored the first goal through Civility Khongmalai and through this goal, Wasa players were encouraged and scored another goal after 1 minute through Pynshai Lathong.
Shillong, Naitung 4: The Achik Students' Welfare Association (ASWA) has withdrawn its threat of strike after the government has immediately implemented its demands without I have delayed my request.
Ma Balious will contest the MDC election from Bataw Lakadong.
He said that according to the satellite data used to track the plane, it was in the Southern Indian Ocean.
They include five from Nongkrem, five from Nongspung-Sohiong and six from Laban-Mawprem.
With the death of two patients yesterday, the total number of deaths has risen to
Satan will use this Man of Sins or the Beast because it is his enemy.
The incident occurred about 3 kilometers south of Mawsynram.
They went on them up to the station.
He urged the people to be prepared to take advantage of the National Highway, as this road will bring the people closer to Guwahati and will also be the main gateway to enter from Assam through the National Highway. He also encouraged the people of Rambrai area by saying that the government will continue to be with the people of Rambrai and the NPP party will continue to be with them to look after the problems and welfare of the people. of the region.
As soon as the work begins, it will be explained.
The members of the Riti Academy sent their best wishes to the Governor for his speedy recovery.
The Mata Amritanandamayi Math is one of the largest modern hospitals with 2,600 beds.
According to the family members, the deceased, Bah Elius Ryndong, left the house at 7 pm with the intention of going to the fields. , the family members of the deceased did not know anything, until they received the news that he was killed in the forest road, which is near the road from Pahammawlein 20mer to Umdap area.
It is worth mentioning that many of these women, who are only cooks and have not yet studied, if they teach the children what will happen to the future of the school children.
Similarly, Daniel Teron, owner of a small gas agency in Sonapur, said, “It is a big problem for us to install gas cylinders in people's homes.
So far, 10 applications have been received from Meghalaya, 3 from Assam and only one application from Sikkim, Nagaland and Manipur. .
Therefore, the union demands that the Meghalaya government should take action in this regard, because it misleads the students of class XII and others as well about the Khasi people and in this book. At the same time, the union demands from the government and also the teachers that before using the book to the children, they should study themselves so that they can understand. whether the book is suitable for use by children.
Shillong, Jymmang : Police have sent a complaint that on 31st July, 2024 at about 4 pm, unidentified robbers stole a motorcycle. Your number is ML-08H-0262 from WGH.
On the illegal smuggling of coal, he said, “I myself have seen the illegal smuggling of coal.
Earlier, Sakshi, who won a bronze medal at the Rio Olympics 2016, had announced on Twitter that the athletes would go to Haridwar to collect their medals.
The Minister of State, who is also the MLA of the area, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that for the past four years, the residents of the area have been expressing their concerns due to the poor condition of the road and the “There are times when I am discouraged, but I believe that I will have the opportunity to help. I would like to announce that on the 4th of November 2022 we will lay the foundation stone of this road and it is expected that after the repairs and the construction of the road will help and make it easier for the people to travel and also to make it easier for the farmers in transporting their produce to the market.
He said he is in talks with other departments of other countries to cooperate with this department of the state government so that it will be competitive with others in the world.
Drive and thirst is also a commitment to achieve what we want or desire in our lives.
Shillong, June 16: U BJP Leader and Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday expressed his confidence that the BJP will return to power in the Central Government after the Lok Sabha MP elections to be held in to 2024.
Bah Hamlet said that now when he goes around the constituency he is happy that although he has been able to work for only three years due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but the development works he has done have improved. almost all the villages in the constituency.
According to Bah Mawrie, these 15 seats mentioned in the survey report are the ones that have guaranteed the victory of the BJP.
Therefore, it is necessary to ensure the smooth running of the election.
Matthew 24:5.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Metbah said he is delighted that the village is celebrating its 125th anniversary.
He urged the youth to take advantage of the opportunities provided by the government through the CM-Elevate and the Skill Development Program to be implemented by the Council.
Jowai, June 13: The District Congress Committee (DCC) of Jaintia Hills District today held a meeting to discuss the working issues and to strengthen the party in the West and East Jaintia Hills District. The meeting was held at the party headquarters in Jowai.
This is an information from the family.
The driver and another suspect were arrested.
What impressed HR the most about Citadel was Priyanka's acting skills.
The party has announced the decision to re-elect Conrad K Sangma as the PP leader.
God says, “Before me there were no gods formed, nor after me there shall be none.
Though no tourists are stopped in this area, the entry will be controlled and if people are found violating the rules, strict action will be taken against them.
In the general speech of all the speakers on the occasion, they said that the success of the college in the area, has been a great benefit to the students in the area and will It is indeed a great help for those students who come from poor families, but who want to pursue higher education.
Any MLA who does not look after those who do not support him is not qualified to be the leader of the constituency because he is still thinking like a child and not like an adult.
A case has been registered in Nalbari, Lakhimpur and Karbi Anglong. Talks are currently underway with Gauhati University and Dibrugarh University to conduct the entrance examination.
Another Bihar pacer took two wickets at the hands of Akash K Choudhury for 83 runs, Guest Professional Rajesh Bishnoi for one wicket for 113 runs and Abhishek Kumar. He took 2 wickets and scored 89 runs.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 21: The Hills Farmers Union (HU) under the leadership of Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, General Secretary of West Khasi Hills District, in the presence of brothers and sisters, The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District.
They are Teibor Pathaw from the UDP, Fantin Lakadong from the Congress, Bajop Pyngrope from the Congress, Macdalyne S. Mawlong from the PDF and others.
Pynkhrawnam Kharsyntiew of Umphrup scored in the 50th minute and Wanpyniar Nongbri in the 52nd minute.
Bah Che is also one of the martyrs of the Hynniewtrep people and we honor him.
The landslide also caused a temporary traffic jam.
“There are many intellectuals in the world and there are those who don't want to see, even if they have looked with their own eyes and if Amit Shah, He said that it shows that his knowledge of Bangladesh is very low.
This decision has now completely overturned the agreement.
These 7 households, which Rupang has donated this year, are facing many difficulties in their livelihood, some of them are unable to work because of the condition of the households. the body moves with its own experiences.
“He said that the appointment of a Judicial Inquiry by the government is good, but to bring about a clean and good inquiry, the people themselves feel that the government should resign. Police Chiefs so that the Judicial Inquiry can be transparent.
He said that for now, “we will have to wait until we get the final order on this matter”.
When it is ripe, they cut off the scope with the symbol and after a few days they separate the symbol from the stait.
Shillong, Naitung 12: Bah Paulus Marwein of Lumparing, Shillong, has won a lottery ticket of Rs 1 crore on the 12th of this month. July.
Nongjri, Jymmang 19: To raise funds for the repair of drinking water wells and improvement of water pipes supplying water to the village, the Tluh kyntoit of Nongjri village today started a with a three-day Fete.
Government authorities have evacuated the residents from the area and Prime Minister Narendra Modi has spoken to Uttarakhand Chief Minister Pushkar Singh Dhami and offered assistance as needed. help the affected families.
Leichombam Erendro's brother, in the lawsuit, said that on 13th June 2021, his son wrote on his Facebook page, in which he claimed that the cow's milk and cow's milk were not true. The cow protection bill is a bill to protect the cow protection bill. Assam has left the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Meghalaya in a dilemma on which basis to stand or support because they will face challenges if they choose any. .
About 600 Cooks from William Nagar attended the meeting and out of these, more than 360 Cooks were office bearers and leaders of departments from all districts of Ri-Lum. Garo has taken part in the competition.
I think Epicurus has not yet received a clear answer to this, and it is up to man himself how he can think and reflect on this.
So far, 6,761 people have been infected and undergoing treatment, 6,039 have recovered, 516 have recovered and 206 have died. the Government of India.
Two goals for Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu were scored by Embor Chyrmang alone in the 37th and 44th minutes.
The office is located in the current Sericulture Office.
The purpose of the ADB campaign is to educate the youth about vegetables, fruits and herbal medicines available in Mulum village under Laskeñ development block of West Jaintia Hills district.
When the union inquired from the employees, they said that there is a doctor in the hospital, and the union tried to meet him, but he did not work. to meet and consult but he said he was no longer on duty.
The Secretary of the Meghalaya Cycling Association, Jesenta Leewait, Barnis Tiewla, one of the members of the Association and other members of the Association also attended the race.
Urging various groups to wait for the investigation report to find out the truth about the incident, Conrad said it is too early to conclude and alleged that it is because of the Minister of PWD. (Building) is not available.
The demand for these skilled cleaners of tiles and marble is high and the price of cleaning is reasonable, but the state residents are not willing to train them except for 5% of the mystery contractors who know how to clean tiles. .
There are some men and women who claim that they are Jaintia and not Pnar and this was immediately stated by Ma Shngaiñlang Bamon (Bam kwai at the door of the gods) of Sutnga, who has followed the inheritance of the longsyiem. of the Sutnga Kingdom.
From the mountain of the sky to the mountain of the trees, he went for half an hour.
This understanding of him lives within him.
After discussing the work of the party, Bah Hek met with several Union Ministers including the Minister of State for Child Development (Independent Overseer) of the Union Government Departments. , Dr Jitendra Singhji at his residence and discussed many issues related to development in Meghalaya.
The group was traveling in a Mahindra Pickup when the driver, who was driving the vehicle, could not control the vehicle which led to the overturning.
Langsning FC scored two goals in the 77th minute and Defense in the 90th minute.
Speech was also delivered by Mr. R Shadap, District Mission Manager MSRLS West Jaintia Hills District who urged the members of the CLF to implement these issues.
Joint Secretary to the Executive CommitteeKhasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Shillong.
We are here to protect him, but when he goes to check, he makes allegations that the policeman wants to kill him; it is only a childish question".
He said Alliance Air flights have been resumed to Umroi, Lilabari, Silchar and Tezpur airports.
There are many reasons why you can lose sleep and these can gradually affect you mentally, physically, behaviorally, weight gain and cause many physical problems.
Pyngrope also expressed the hope that the Congress candidate Highlander Kharmalki will get 30,000 to 40,000 votes from Mawryngkneng constituency.
AGP leaders who came to meet Conrad were Keshab Mahanta, Birendra Prasad Baishya, Pradip Hazarika, Phani Bhusan Choudhury, Kamala Kalita and Narayan Kalita.
Speaking at the meeting, Prestone Tynsong said he joined the NPP in 2018 and left the Congress party due to a misunderstanding.
The death toll from the disease in the United Kingdom has risen to
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Tuesday demanded that the state government should hold the NEET examination again for students from Jaintia Hills. Hills after allegations of wrong questions during the examination on the 5th of this month.
On the other hand, the KSU will continue to monitor this issue and if the Government does not fulfill its responsibility, the KSU has made it clear that if the students of this school do not receive adequate education, how can the students of this school? Government will think for them.
Wah Shnong village in Mukha Ialong village has been in darkness for six months due to the inability of MeECL to repair the transformer.
Due to the increasing population and number of villages, Lyngdoh said it is time for the Sordars and Riew Rangbah of 71 villages to remind the Executive Dorbar of The Myrïaw Hima, on one of the issues which he had raised in the past years, that it is necessary that these 70 villages should be in one Hima, even if they are in the Rambrai Hima. It doesn't matter if they are in the kingdom of Myrïaw.
We’re a society that likes to look back in time and we also emphasize the things our mothers and grandmothers used to do or taught us.
The school was established in 1989 and despite the devastation, the education has been spread to the children of the village and other neighboring villages. Through this scheme, a new school with 7 classrooms from Class A to Class V has been built. there are now about 35 students and only 2 teachers.
The union also urges the police drivers to take action on this issue and to check from time to time and not just check online.
There will also be the famous Nexus Band.
“I am contesting the election to serve the people and not to expect the party to give me money,” he said.
She said that at the time of arrest of these trucks, it was found that they did not have any Challan and that the Challan was bought from Mookyndur, while the name belongs to Garo. This shows that there is an internal theft which has caused the state to lose money especially at this time of financial crisis.
On the same day, the unit also renewed its office bearers and the chief guest swore in the office bearers for the term 2022-2025 and elected Batkupar Imiong, Vice President. Middleton Basaiawmoit, General Secretary Banrapbor S.Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary Johnveny Syiemiong, Organizing Secretary Shembok Marshra, Assistant Oranising Secretary Teibor Nonglang, Finance Secretary Drepstarwell Thongni, Assistant Secretary Rangkynsai Syiemiong, S Asilvester Secretary Publicity Secretary Publicity Secretary Pynraplang Thongni, Sports Secretary Willgeorge Syiemiong, Assistant Sports Secretary Pauljenstar Nonglang, Education Secretary Bigest Thongni, Assistant Education Secretary Pyndaplang Marshra, Environment Secretary Gentle Syrman, Discipline Secretary Markus and six others. that member.
Darong reported the incident to the police of Kawahagra PS, Mahendraganj the next day, which was turned into a complaint.
U Bah Nyangrai said that it was on the National Highway that he was involved in the accident, where even his name and signature were used.
Kim Kardashian, even after not being invited to attend the MET Gala 2023, has decided to attend and feels that this event is one of the most exciting for her.
The food items distributed by the JHDS include Khaw, Piat and Dai to 60 poor households of Saitthad and 60 poor households of Sahsniang Kymprup.
The thlen is the chief of the thirty animals, and the cow is the Basan of the thirty animals.
On the other hand, Conrad K Sangma has refused to withdraw the BJP from the MDA government as the UDP has recently expressed its opposition.
The leaders of the West and South West said that they will also meet with the authorities on this issue and if necessary they can also meet with the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare. Well.
Rape and theft of children's time; you need to see.
On this occasion, sports equipment was also distributed to various associations of the district.
“The issuance of the word buaid by the Chief Superintendent of Police shows that the Rangbah Shnongs and women are also the drunkards who came on the day of the march,” said Bah Peter.
Not only that, the PHE is also in dire need of funds not only to complete the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme Phase-III, but also to implement many water supply schemes for the people of Jaintia, Khasi and Jaintia Hills. Garo Hills.
he added.
He was arrested after ED officials raided his residence on charges of involvement in drug trafficking.
Before the French invaded the North East and here in Khasi Jaintia, the children of Hynniewtrep knew how to protect themselves from many diseases.
As the Supercare Hospital celebrates this milestone, we are determined that this is a stepping stone to greater things.
Speech was also delivered by the Sister Headmistress who congratulated Bah Sawkmie for his willingness to join them in these annual sports games.
According to sources, there has been a dispute with some coal owners who smuggle coal from Bhutan to Bangladesh through Meghalaya and later the government has issued this new order.
On the same day, KAS will also distribute awards to the students who have scored the highest marks in Khasi subject in Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools.
Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri was also present as the chief guest along with Kong I Laloo, Director, Sports and Youth Affairs.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 19: Police in East Khasi Hills on Saturday arrested a drug trafficker and seized drugs worth T.1.75 crore.
In the last three decades, there have been many allegations of corruption against various Governments which have affected the revenue of the State.
If the rule of law and justice goes like this, where will the country go? How can the BJP join the plain of corruption allegations and investigations? Where will justice and truth reach? Do the people who have been deceived and robbed by corrupt politicians no longer need justice? It is time for the people who have been robbed by corruption to knock on the door of the Supreme Court and urge it to take action against such crimes.
When not covered by Section 126, TV/Radio/Cable/FM channels/Internet websites/Social Media channels may seek permission from the State/District Authorities to broadcast any broadcast/programme (except exit polls) which must comply with the provisions of the Model Code of Conduct, Program Code as defined by the Department of Information and Broadcasting under the Cable Network (Regulation) Act relating to discipline, ensuring peace. between nations, and so on.
During the meeting, there will also be a discussion on the progress of projects in the North East.
The trainers included Magdalene Jeyarathnam, Founder Director, Director, Indian Institute of Psychodrama.
However, what happened after this was that Bah AL Hek was removed from the Cabinet and replaced by Bah Sanbor.
This Christmas song came after the war and the terrible plague that struck Europe in 1815 and
Tanaji Sawant, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that there are 303 cases of H1N1 in the state and 58 cases have been confirmed. H3N2 virus until October 13th.
The Governor of Assam and other officials of the Government of India have said that the signing of the agreement has nothing to do with the Khasi Hills.
These students were honored by Sohra MLA Titosstar Well Chyne in the presence of SDO (Civil) Sohra, SDSEO Sohra M.Pde and Principals of various schools.
After this, the vaccination will be followed by the household visit on the 5th and 6th October
Speaking to media, Bindo M Lanong said the meeting has accepted the resignation of the four MDCs and there has been no further discussion.
That all men should worship God in spirit and in truth.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that he has witnessed with his own eyes the increasing number of foreign shops, which have ignored the order of the Council to comply with the Rules and Regulations of the Trading by Non Tribal Act.
At the same time, he said that he will soon send a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma requesting him to hold another meeting with the Governor to discuss the issue. This is the MRSSA Amendment Bill,
Indeed, the existence of laws promotes the rule of law and the welfare of society.
Imphal, July 21: Two new hostels at Khu-man Lampak Sports Complex will be inaugurated in November, Chief Minister of Manipur said. u year.
However, the bill light has increased steadily despite the lack of light.
The leader of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) from Jaintia Hills, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, along with his members, said that this is only the beginning. “If the protest doesn't affect the trade of foreigners, nobody will listen. “We see now that even the district authorities, the government don't have to. to run under the leadership of the factories and there is always a collusion between the factories and the government authorities, to take advantage of the mismanagement of the people of East Jaintia Hills District,” he said. The excessive damage to the road has caused the deterioration of vehicles and has caused problems to drivers, whether they are small or heavy vehicles.
In fact, the writing doesn't require many people, because those who need it are those leaders or religious leaders, whether they are sadhu/pastors/priests/elders and two others. to fulfill their soskular of love.
“While I warn the Government of Meghalaya not to use unfounded power, especially when it has repealed the ordinance, I urge all political parties and the The Union of Hima Dorbars, Dorbar Shnongs, should stand against the provisions of the High Court order, by being ready to stand against the order. UDP leader HS Shylla, on the other hand, said that the order of the High Court, which violates the Rangbah Act, Shnong, to be established by the State Government, therefore, does not fall under the Constitution of India, which is contained in the Seventh Schedule of the Constitution of India [read more
Raymond Preistly, Lobingstone, Pynthymmaibor, Dajiedbor Bicstar, Shahunlin and Kmenlang have received 1st Division in the SSLC and have received Distinction in several marks.
“I don't have Nia anymore... I'm worried about her now...” Niakha Rida began to tell.
Brazil has reported 42,223 new cases in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 1,539,0 States.
Mumbai: There have been 466 new cases of COVID-19 in Maharashtra today, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The death toll has risen to 232 in the state.
“The most famous sohniamtra in the state is from Wahkhen, Mawphu and Nongsteng but if the farmers from Pyndensohsaw work hard they too will get the same reputation because the soh in this village is good,” he said. said.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The Filmmakers Association (JAC) today continued its raid on shops selling stolen films and songs. Khasi.
“This teachers’ movement brings together the unions for one issue," he added.
During the last performance of the group, the spectators filled the seats and sang along with her.
The awards for the tournament include the Man of the Match for Samsom Nongrum, Best Defender for Dapbor Bareh and Best Goal Keeper for Kenio Lyngkhoi of Seven Brothers FC. Shillong: The Erlangthari suddenly came and destroyed the roofs of several houses in Umphrew village, a village near Umroi. Ri Bhoi District, which is still within the boundary of Mawlai Constituency.
As India celebrates its 75th anniversary of independence, the Chess Olympiad torch was carried to 75 cities of the country before arriving in Chennai, the host city of the 44th FIDE Chess Olympiad since 28 May to 10 January, 2022.
The Labang-Nangphyllut area has its own Doloi who rules the Elaka and its Doloi is one of the Twelve Doloi of Jaintia Hills and a member of the Jaintia Dorbar. year 1900.
He said the government would also seek the opinion of the ECI on whether to include them as voters.
It was in 1985 when Rotary International and four other international organizations decided to eradicate polio. ei to the inhabitants of the earth.
The FKJGP has appointed Bah Omega Sumer, Assistant General Secretary of the FKJGP as its Chairman and has elected Bah Deihok Sumer as the Secretary. Member of the Emergency Fund Committee (EFC) for the term from July 2014 to July
Thus, the appointment of unqualified teachers has continued in various schools.
The Government has set a target of constructing up to 25,000 fish ponds in the state under this scheme with the aim of increasing fish production.
The meeting was conducted by KSU BVC Publicity Secretary Trusting Shylla and was attended by the Rangbah Shnongs of all the villages in Barak Valley. Sengkmie as the Chief Guest, Samla Sebastian Pakyntein as the Chief Guest, Samla Donald V Thabah Education Secretary KSU Sengkmie and other members of the public.
Even though the BJP has been in power for a long time, it stands on government land.
Besides 12,960 bottles of Eskuf, police also seized a pistol, 17 mobile phones, a Mahindra XUV, two Mahindra Pick UP Vans, a Tata ACE Vehicle and two vehicles. arshaka and T.7,500 in cash, gold jewelery and other items.
Referring to the MP candidate for the Rajya Sabha, the Chief Minister said that as the MDA group, the decision to contest Dr WR Kharshiing is not the sole decision of the NPP. The NPP party, which leads the government, encourages dialogue and consultation on any issue within the MDA. There is no need to agree with all those involved in the government.
The JNC 7-Village Circle, on 6th November, under the leadership of its President Samla Mehi Rymbai, met with the Executive Engineer of PWD Khliehriat Division and handed over a letter demanding that the Improve and strengthen the Umsuwai Bridge on the Musniang-Rangad road in East Jaintia Hills so that it will not endanger the passengers.
Chairman of Khanduli Village Niwal Challam said that the ban on Karbi farming is a great loss to the residents of Khanduli as 50% of the residents of Khanduli have farmland in the most residential villages. the Caribs.
The union is also surprised at the delay in completing and implementing the 100 bed hospital even after 8 years of laying the foundation stone.
Today 23rd of this month while I and government officials were inquiring all the shops in Nongtalang we ordered that the shops should display notices on the prices of beverages in front of them. The shops are located in accordance with the laws of the State Government.
In this regard, as the village leader, he also appealed to the leaders, NHAI and especially the Meghalaya government to take action to improve this road which is only 5 km away from the city. “If the people get that road, it will be a blessing in all aspects,” he added.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Shaiñborlin Syiemlieh GS Ri Muliang Circle and a speech was delivered by Samla Banteilang Hoojon GS HYC Mawshynrut Circle, who reminded of the need for unity and mutual respect.
“The TMC has entered the state and is trying to create noise but it is not easy for the public announcement through the media to affect anyone,” said the NPP leader. The National Committee meeting decided to set up various committees to strengthen the party and prepared the programs to be held.
Speaking at the meeting, Chairperson of the Meghalaya Rural Tourism Forum (MRTF), Bah Alan West Kharkongor, explained about the use of existing tourist attractions and how to maintain them. that it may not be destroyed, and that it may be a blessing not only to the present generation, but also to the generations to come.
Bah Pala also explained about the 'Panch Prans' which is the theme of the NYKS program and said that this is the goal to develop India, to be proud of the presence of to bring about unity, to understand their duties as citizens of the country, to have responsibility for the country, to have cooperation to develop the country, to help, to respect each other. one.
Speaking one after another, Congress leaders and supporters in Umsning Constituency, including Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, expressed their happiness that they have had such an opportunity to meet again between the supporters of the Congress. The party, at this meeting, also decided to work hard in this MDC election, in order to win the honor of Bah Rocky Marwein.
He said that the testing is only in those villages where there is a need for the entry and exit of people.
It is to be recalled that this house in Moola Mylliang, was involved in a fire which broke out on the 23rd of this month, at midnight. All the belongings inside the house, including clothes, blankets, household items and everything else and no casualties were reported in this incident.
Speaking to reporters, Ditina Marwein said that the reason why they went to meet the DC was because of the withdrawal of the money. up to T.5,000, for women which is also a scheme provided by the previous government.
Let them give evidence on this, we will support them or go to court.
During the inspection, u mawphor also found that the implementation of the maintenance of the road in Narpuh from Sonapur to Sonapur is still going well, but it can be said that the maintenance will not last as long as the residents. They blocked the road, because as soon as the vehicles passed, the road would be the same because it was repaired only with earth and stones.
However, after receiving the money.
“They came to break the house on the 25th October, 2022 in the evening.
I don't understand because I've lost my job and I've been suffering for months and years.
He said that the second round of peace talks will be held only after the HNLC has sent its decision to the government.
Reports said that besides condemning the assault and kidnapping of the police chief, the commando police have expressed their regret over the allegation that these riew kieng They received the support of the people on the night of Tuesday.
These issues are what the political parties have raised publicly during the election campaign.
It is also one of the bands that promotes Rock Music in Shillong. This band has played all over Shillong and in the city.
Despite the criticism from the neighboring villages, even political leaders have rushed to the scene, promising to clear the road.
East Jaintia Hills.
Until now, we have not received the request from the authorities to remember any special day in the name of Babu Jeebon Roy Mairom, even after we have reached the 50th anniversary of the death of Babu Jeebon Roy Mairom. years of independence.
Last year, it also paid Rs 60 crore.
Shillong, June 15: The issue of teachers' salaries and the issue against the Principal of Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School, Mawlai, Father Kenny Pakma, has reached the point of writing a war between them. There are two cases, in which one side has sent a letter to the parents of the students, to explain themselves, while the other side has sent a letter to the parents to explain themselves. The writings sent by the teachers and also by the Principal have remained pongling to the parents of the children.
We hope that this small effort will be successful in promoting the unity of one nation.
Shillong, October 30: Four employees of the KHADC Forest Department have been suspended from their posts for a sum of T.34,30,0
hin-ly-hin : which cannot be used to speak.
To benefit consumers and the public, FCI expects participation from accredited buyers in the upcoming auction.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah S Kharlyngdoh, said that four people have died recently in the storm.
The Khasi since ancient times have traded by opening their goods with the Dkhar people who are our neighbours, the Assamese and the Shilot. Sylhet) now Bangladesh.
The death on the cross, the shedding of blood, is the price that God has paid for all mankind.
Furthermore, the Seng urges the government to upgrade this school to a Higher Secondary School as there is no Higher Secondary School in East Jaintia Hills. There was a proposal about 3 years ago and the reason is that the building has not been constructed.
According to sources, the fire started at 11 pm. At the time of the incident, there were only two children and their mother. There is another tragedy that has happened to this family.
Education is linked to food, unless school children receive nutritious food physically and mentally they will not be able to develop fully in knowledge.
In reply, NEHU managed to tied 159 runs in 20 overs for the loss of eight wickets.
“There is no misunderstanding, there may be misunderstanding regarding the figures but they will understand better if they meet the officers of the department,” he said.
On Mount Horeb, God appeared to him in the flames of fire.
Two young men decided to commit suicide because of the unrest in their home.
In the 90kg category, Saikupar Marpna (Seng Khasi College) won by defeating Yuvraj Singh (Umshyrpi College).
Once greedy, short-sighted, selfish leaders are wrongly elected, the future of the nation will be in danger.
Some of the women also explained the situation during the rainy season by saying, “When the Syllang River is flooded, we have to cross the Syllang River from one side to the other. we have to send our children to school.
If police have to be deployed everywhere to check drivers, then the knowledge that those drivers have acquired since they were in school is useless.
“I feel that the education department has chosen to include the guidelines in the announcement, while remaining silent on the issue that affects the parents and relatives who send their children to school. “The issue is about the school fees,” said Bah Nongrum while speaking on the recent announcement of the Ministry of Education through the Call Attention.
Other MLAs included in the steering committee are Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Mairang MLA Metbah Lyngdoh and Nihim D Shira.
Portugal are currently top of Group-J after winning all their matches.
He said the government will talk to people who show a sense of responsibility for the welfare of the people of the state.
They were arrested after they surrendered to the SP of East Khasi Hills after lodging an FIR with the DC of East Khasi Hills.
However, it cannot be said that money is POLITICS. When everyone wants power, how can they escape from corruption? and many of the people were turned away.
He said that the price of 10 kilos has been too high but only because of some of the illegal immigrants.
After the meeting of the three parties, Rupang spoke to Bah Teinwell Dkhar, the senior UDP MDC in KHADC. now.
Vincent Pala told reporters that the BJP's decision to support the NPP in the Shillong MP election may have something behind it. He has decided to contest again from Shillong Parliamentary seat.
Kharkrang said the NPP's promise to provide 5 lakh jobs to the youth will be the same as in the past three years. lakh posts to be filled.
After the spread of this video, it showed the lack of knowledge and respect of the public for ambulances carrying patients and also showed the need to strictly enforce traffic rules and provide training on Emergency rules.
Shu buh, if Mr X earns a salary of 5 lakh per month and has 5 children.
We also want to help the Police so that no one should interfere or solve the case of this thief.
During the inspection, the union found that there were some food items which did not have an expiration date or time. The employees stayed inside the shop where the room was very dirty. It was also noticed that the water used to wash the clothes was very dirty and the ground was also dirty.
She said that this is due to the hard work of the Mid-Level Health Providers (MLHPs) in the villages.
We have not been able to understand what the government intended at that time on this issue, especially at the beginning of the lockdown.
There were 10 teams from BSF Frontier who came to take part in this tournament.
North Liberty HSS won the Under-17 Boys and Girls category, while RC Eve SS won the Under-14 Boys category. RC Eve Secondary School, Mihmyntdu beat Mihmyntdu 2-1
T.9930 crore to Rs 19.86 crore has been paid to Women Jan Dhan.
It has also introduced training in music, Taekwondo and agriculture for children.
Secretariat but it was said that some of the members were taken away by the police to be placed in the places where they were brought.
“This year we have set a target of reaching 5,000 children, with 150 referees and 300 volunteers.
According to the source, fortunately, the office of the Youth Congress was not damaged much, but it was slightly damaged, because at that time the office was burnt down. there was a snowfall.
With the launch of the One Nation One Ration Card Scheme, beneficiaries of the National Food Security Act have been able to access the benefits of PDS under the NFSA from any ration shop in the country.
RMS: How is it different from being a singer to enter Bollywood? Batei: Yes, it is difficult to explain that because when I went to Mumbai at When I sat with Sir (Dilip Dutta) who taught singing, he said Batei to become a singer to enter Bollywood is not easy because in my opinion when I talked to him like Kumar Sanu, Udit Narayan those who have The sir who taught me knew them and told me that before they came to Mumbai they had to take training before they could enter Bollywood. I'm a singer to get into Bollywood, but I have to take training first and the pronunciation. I sing in Hindi. I feel it's enough. I sing in Shillong. When I arrived in Mumbai I understood that there are still many mistakes and many lessons. Even my sir told me that there are still many pronunciations to perfect yourself. Learn your pronunciation before you get into Bollywood and it's not easy.
Imphal: While Manipur is still in turmoil, about 550 civil society groups and private individuals have expressed their concern from across the country, demanding that the Prime Minister of Manipur Narendra Modi's country should fight against this internal conflict in the state.
These diseases which have occurred in our Khasi society by giving birth to the mother (woman) are as follows:-1
In order to avoid the use of Khasi lieh liquor from spreading the destruction of the society, the government should have taken appropriate action.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President of KSU Laban Circle, Rueben Najiar, said that there were students and poor families who came to ask for accommodation in the house. It has to consider before allowing residents to stay and will continue to build houses.
To date, there are 96 BPL households.
This Act, in showing compassion to those who are oppressed, protects Islam from the loss of dignity due to oppression.
The Advocate General said that taking into account the findings of Justice Katakey mentioned in one of his reports, the government has sought clarification from some of the dewbilat factories in the country. State.
Heroin worth Rs 98 crore was seized from them.
Speaking to reporters, KHNAM leaders said that KHNAM will be like a ksiang to bring back the two parties to an understanding, and will try its best to talk to the two groups. at the ARPA meeting to be held on Tuesday.
There is a reason why the Khasi language has not been included in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India.
This has disrupted the smooth running of the schools.
“Public education on this issue is something that the government and non-governmental organizations (NGOs) have to do”.
On the other hand, the family members of the deceased said that his ability to reach this level has brought honor not only to the village but to the state as a whole. other.
Therefore, the most important part that the government should think carefully for those who are sick with anna, is that they should have adequate documents to prove the types of diseases, so that they do not lose does not receive many assistance from the government.
He said that among the many demands of the union, the government has agreed to set up the Farmer Commission, to recognize wild sohmrit and lasi as agricultural products. It will also implement other demands such as the declaration of 2020 as the Year of Farmers and others.
“No procession should be held by one political party at the meeting places of other political parties.
Nongstoiñ, July 20: Peace and order has been restored in Langpih area for several years now, but the people are still worried about the lack of boundary clearance. in the state of Assam.
The protesters were employees of the Panchayat and Rural Development Department, who staged a naked strike to demand 15 issues from the state government.
The constituency for which he will contest is from 3-War West, where the incumbent MDC is Het Pohthmi who won as an independent candidate in
This is the reason why the issues of the Jaidbynriew have been pending for 50 years”.
Eating these unhealthy foods can affect your blood pressure.
Madhya Pradesh has 5,465 and Uttar Pradesh has 4,9
After this, there was no General Convention or General Council in the party.
The female pass rate was 78.86% and the male pass rate was 59.95%.
Not only that, the reporter also learned that the infiltration of Nepalis into the Khasi areas has started again and said that these Nepalis have also started trying to destroy the farms of the Khasi. They are the agricultural lands of the Khasi people living in the area.
Smriti Zubin Irani said that the targets set by some states like Tamil Nadu and Jharkhand are within the requirement of trained workers in the garment industry in those states. them to look back at their goals.
The electricity demand in Meghalaya is about 6.67 million units, while the electricity generation capacity is only about 3.741 million units.
During the protest, there was a heated argument between the students and the management of NEIAH, as the management of the university said that their demands are unfounded as they have already been resolved. .
Nongpoh: The village leaders together with the residents of Umshru village, which is one of the border villages in Ri Bhoi and falls under the Jirang Constituency, today celebrated the death of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun. , Jirang MLA has visited the village to inaugurate the Iing Dorbar which he has built in the village.
If the master expresses this love to his employees, they will work willingly in harmony, and the result will be that his work will go well. , and it will also benefit you.
D in Subject Education from NEHU, Shillong in
“The harassment of journalists by those illegal vendors is a crime which we immediately condemn and we cannot accept it at all,” said MEPA General Secretary Philip Marwein.
It can also be said that it is through the skills of the new candidates that many of the old candidates have failed. do not fulfill what they promised to the people five years ago.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some MDCs (who did not want to be named) said that as people's leaders, they have to prepare in advance for the elections whether they come or not in
“As the dorbar, we have discussed this, to take them together to the place where those from Them Iewmawlong are planned to be taken and, this place, to build houses for the poor people. house, build any house that the government can use for many churches.
Furthermore, they wanted to rule by the same party, they wanted to turn around, and that is the nature of the electorate, and this is good.
In the first innings in Cuttack, Manipur tied 233 runs for nine wickets, leading by 154 runs after Meghalaya were bowled out for 79 runs in the first innings.
Shillong, July 23: The National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) of the State Government in collaboration with the Department of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government has conducted the 3rd Training Programme. The meeting started today on the 23rd and will end on the 25th of this month at one of the meeting rooms at the Secretariat.
Shillong Lajong FC, who have been the champions of the Meghalaya State League for the past four years, have moved up to the top of the Meghalaya State League
30) If there is a suspicion or case of COVID-19 in the place of worship:a) Keep the patient in a room or place separate from others.
The PAC took this decision after receiving a complaint from 14 land owners affected by the proposed construction of the Umroi Airport.
They also registered a case at Nongstoiñ Police Station.
Therefore, the following are the grades where players have been promoted and demoted in the current contract:-Grade A1
Speaking to reporters, Ao said the allegation that the NPP is the most corrupt party is just an election scheme to deceive the voters of the state and only after three days they formed a coalition government.
Four or five months ago we thought that the support for the NPP would decrease but the leaders dared to claim that their 'Seng Kot' would come back to power once again.
The island itself still wears the appearance of wakefulness.
The covid19 pandemic and the lockdown have destroyed lives and income.
The goalkeeper of Young Star FC had to save three players of Kharumnuid FC in the tie-breaker to decide the winner. Young Star FC won 3-1 goals and won a cash prize of 70,000 tyngka along with the trophy to become the champions of this year's tournament.
The State Government has also issued meaningful guidelines to assist and encourage teachers.
Khliehriat, Nailur 13: The Deputy Commissioner of Supply of East Jaintia Hills District has announced the submission of forms for those who wish to submit applications for wholesaler shops in East Jaintia Hills District. There are seven centers in Khliehriat, two in Sutnga, one in Rymbai, two in Lumshnong and two in Umkiang.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Secretary of the Mawphlang Presbyterian Church, Bah MK Harshiing, said that the preparations for the service are in full swing. ju provide the law of this organization.
“If we read the rules of the Reservation Policy, it says that on the part of the Garo people, those who know how to speak and write Garo can benefit from this and that means the Garo people living in other states. They can benefit from this,” said Adelbert.
“Even their children, because they don't have the money to pay school fees and other necessities for their education,” said Bah Chyne.
United's Jones scored in the 47th minute, while Valencia's Soler scored in the 17th minute.
Even those who have completed their degrees are standing on the streets of the village.
He said the government is ready to implement strict measures against foreigners.
“This was stated by the President of the Voice of the People (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, at a public meeting held at Khliehriat West on Saturday.
For this reason, the 12 tribes of Israel will have to be judged before the throne of the Great Judge Jesus Christ.
Before the start of the General Council, the Nomination Committee of the UDP will meet in the morning to propose the names of the office bearers for approval by the General Council.
The wife of BJP MP Saumitra Khan has joined the Trinamool Congress in West Bengal today. .
Rupang has visited Khyndailad area to ask the shopkeepers especially foreigners how they feel about the ILP demanded by the Sengbhalang but sadly all the Dkhar shops have been closed down. Only Khasi shops are open but there are some shops which are open only halfway with the cold weather.
The three players showed their skills to reach the top spot after defeating the Republic of Korea shooters Jaehoon Joo, Jaewon Yang and Jongho. Kim won the final 235-2
Lajong's remaining matches in the 2nd Division League will be against Diamond Rock, which is also the second home match on the 19th, against United Sports Club on the 19th. 24th June 2023 and will return home against East Bengal Reserve on 29th June
Shillong: The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, today explained the death of a nurse, Manisha Turnia of Ganesh Das Hospital. 19, said that the nurse is not on duty in the Covid Ward but is on duty in the General Ward.
After winning the recent Lok Sabha elections, the Congress party is confident of winning the 2024 Lok Sabha elections and the Urban Local Bodies (ULBs) elections. .
One of their inherited customs is that they live with forests, fields and fields and have the right to gather and eat the products of the forest.
The resurrection of Jesus is mentioned 104 times in the New Testament.
According to a letter from the Joint Director to the Secretary of the DSC dated July 28, he said that the Joint Director has provided the names of 49 temporary employees who have been confirmed without informing the DSC.” The Joint Director has asked the DSC to send those students who have passed the DSC for only three posts except at Shillong Civil Hospital,” said Bah Pyrtuh.
Constable, Jitden Sangma, Bn.
However, even the MLAs who have the right law to punish them, now do and run away as they please.
Through the release of these ambulances, Kong RM Kurbah Kem and the MLAs and MDCs in Ri Bhoi, said that it will be of great benefit to the people in the district and especially in such cases. in the fight against COVID-1
The political party was known as the Indian Union Muslim League.
Since the 13th anniversary of the President's Rule, this road has remained the same and even if it has been damaged again, the PWD department has not looked at it at all, except for the road. and the army was cleansed in these months.
The Puja celebration of the Hindus started on Monday and will end tomorrow Thursday when they will throw their idols at the Umkhrah River in Polo.
As educated citizens, we should also ask ourselves the question.
According to the NSUS, the Vice Chancellor has thrown his hand at the incident when he said in front of the Naga students at a meeting yesterday, that he cannot do anything else after lodging a complaint and West Garo Hills Police.
And David's father saw that the LORD had blessed his son; and he also directed that his son should fulfill the promise.
In another incident, Rupesh Chokhani, lodged a complaint that on 28th November 2018, at 2 pm, Sujit Debbarma, one of his employees, stole T.50,000/- and books from the shop at Wahthapbru, Shillong.
For men will be lovers of themselves” (2 Timothy 3:1.2).
The entrance fee is T.5 for adults and T.2 for children.
According to reports, Israeli defense officials had received advance notice of the Hamas plan about 10 years before they attacked Israel this March. left.
Not only that, the CEM has also announced that no one will be allowed to stay overnight in Iewduh except the security forces but this decision of the KHADC has not yet come into force.
Why do we understand now why the temples in Jerusalem and even Herod's temple were destroyed? It is because God does not want people to build only temples, he does not want the old sacrifice, because he prepared his Son Jesus Christ to be a once for all sacrifice for many sins. .
Earlier, more than 4,000 rounds of ammunition and ammunition were stolen from the armories of the security forces deployed in Manipur, which also happened during the height of the Kuki ethnic conflict. and the Fire.
I am only a small servant and I will have to follow the policy of the Prime Minister to respect all languages”.
On the other hand, Bah Bless Dkhar, President of HNYF East Khasi Hills, expressed his gratitude to Balajied for his sacrifice for the cause of the Jaitbynriew.
Dr Mukul said that the NGT should be requested to take action against this as the state government has not followed the order of the NGT and even the order of the High Court on trade. and coal mining.
Chutwakhu have reached the quarter finals of the 2nd Division Football Tournament for the 6th Debo Memorial Trophy Shullai, while West Madan Mustem and Pynthorlangteiñ have been relegated due to poor performance this season. Not in the Third Division.
According to the DPR, the Wah Umngot Bridge will be 368 meters long and 12.5 meters wide.
He said that there are parts of this road before reaching Saba village which is about 5 km long, the PWD department has not cleaned a single stone yet even though this village is very old.
We urge the government to set up a judicial inquiry into the incident in Motphran and to act according to the rules of law to restore peace,” he said.
In his speech, Samal Daniel Khyriem said, “The KSU does not have time to listen to allegations against the party or to insult anyone but the foundation of the party is to fight for the cause of the jaidbynriew”. He also urged the members of KSU Mawryngkneng Circle to use the organization for the needs of the community, society and the country and the nation and not for personal gain.
the payment shall be made in installments.
It was in the years that followed that the story of Kiang Nangbah and the freedom struggle spread throughout Hynniewtrep and India.
The state government's assurance to release the pending salary is a failure on its part, saying that the government has continued to make false promises from time to time.
Replying to the complaints of the KSU President Ferdinald Kharkamni and General Secretary Lambok Rymbai, the DC has directed the KSU to lodge a complaint in writing. The union will also demand that the NHAI should build up to 10 lanes at the toll plaza to avoid traffic jam. The union will soon meet with the Project Director of NHAI to complain about the shortcomings in the toll plaza, said Ferdynald Kharkamni.
Shillong, Lber, 10: The Union of Catholic Women's Churches (SKSLK) Archdiocese Shillong, Zone-II together with the world celebrated the International Women's Day on Sunday. Divine Saviour's Church, Nongthymmai Parish.
The office bearers of this circle are Samla Donalson Pyngrope, President Samla Teibor Marbaniang, General Secretary Samla Lamphang Khonglam, Organizing Secretary and other office bearers and EC Members.
Perhaps it is only in Meghalaya that we have a Home Minister with a mother and Kong Roshan Warjri has carried this heavy burden without hesitation.
Nongpoh, Nailur 20 : The St. Michael's Higher Secondary School Past Pupil's Association (STPU) has expressed its delight to learn that the St. Michael's Higher Secondary School Past Pupil's Association (STPU) has celebrated its 70th anniversary. (Diamond Jubilee) journey since its inception has been launched to spread education in Umsning and Ri Bhoi as a whole.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today sent a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Shillong, not to allow the MLMDF to hold a sit-in protest in Shillong. .
“Men are more silent than women, they are more reluctant to tell, they feel that masculinity is no longer there,” she said.
During the months of treatment I fell into the abyss of faith and faith taught me to fight and endure in life.
Alia, who has acted in Brahmastra and Gangubai Kathiawadi, has attracted many audiences through her films and from year to year the actress has won the love of the audience with her new films. .
The rally was led by the Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR) under the leadership of Angela Rngad, Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh. S Diengdoh, General Secretary of the Khasi National Union (KNU), said it was the most surprising protest in the state.
Through the visit to the ancestral sites of Larnai and Nartiang, the youths gained a lot of understanding about the richness of the ancestral stories and cultures and stones which are the central part of the village. the people of Meghalaya and the need to continue to preserve them.
Many times we worship the church and not God, we worship the Temple or the place of worship, but we don't worship God in spirit and in truth.
This book was written before I started working in Assam, so there are many things I have written as a foreigner in Khasi-Jaintia, except those which I can see when I arrive. I'm going on holiday to Khasi.
He said that besides households, 66% of schools, 66% of Anganwadi Centers and 71% of PHCs have received drinking water from the State Government.
Melvy called the 108 to take him to hospital and admitted that he had collapsed and was no longer alive.
“Looking at the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, it is necessary to abolish the MLA Scheme and all development works should be carried out through the offices of the BDO, District Administration.
When asked whether there are any more forests belonging to the Hima besides Lum Mawpat which the KHADC intends to amend, the answer was, The KHADC will continue to try to talk to the Hima for the amendment of the Forest Law.
Under Article 371, Nagaland has created District Councils in Nagaland which are closely related to the ADCs in Meghalaya.
Ronaldo's mother, Dolores Aveiro, who was in the audience, stood with joy and tears in her eyes when her son received the gift. to score his second goal in the match at Old Trafford.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the time has come for the government to relocate the Kharmetor from Iewmawlong. to build a market on the land belonging to the Hima Mylliem.
The Dorbar Shnong has found that these traders or transporters of cows have been spreading dead cows many times in Wahsiej through Moodymmai Sohmynting road and inside the village which has caused pollution and which can affect the health of the people passing by. stand.
Death, sickness, sorrow and grief of all the nations have passed away, don't let your hearts be filled with sorrow.
The Congress party yesterday elected Wansalan Lyngwa as President, B Roy and M Marbaniang as Vice President and T Lyngkhoi as General Secretary among others.
The construction of the bridge will cost T.7.81 crore.
Mawsynram, opposite Sohra, was the worst affected village in July 2015, according to the Regional Meteorological Department of Guwahati. Mawsynram in the month of July received 4781.2mm of rainfall.
Timely marriage brings many benefits and changes in the lives of the children of this family.
