The office of this outpost is very large.
On the first day of the tournament, Niaw Wasa United will play against Rangdajied United FC for the Jowai Zone at 3 pm.
DHS).
:Member of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Ronnie V.Lyngdoh, has urged the State Government to ensure that there is no delay in the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road. people want to benefit themselves.
The letter of demand for money said that it was drawn with a picture of a suloi and was also inserted with an unused bullet.
“The government has been able to do this because there are people who are rich,” said the President of CSWO. “It's good but these people of ours are trying to kill,” said Agnes.
Some say that religion should not be mixed with politics.
The Director promised the group to direct the college authorities to increase the number of application forms and also to extend the deadline for submission of forms,” he said.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) has strongly condemned the statement by Turilam Ronghang, CEM of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC). In Meghalaya, these areas are located on the border of Block-1 and Block
“I don't know how many times Bah Sanbor Shullai has spoken inside the House.
Warjri said that the Society has received the first prize for the Best Practices for Bio-Diversity Conservation organized by the Basin Development Unit WKHD on 5th July In the state as a whole, the society has won the second place and the award was presented on the same day as the Environment Day held in Shillong.
Ruben said that before inspecting the site, the union had submitted a petition to the Principal CCF & HOFF of the Forest & Environment Department, RS Gill to demand the removal of the site. people who live illegally in Mahadev Khola.
Speaking to the nation through a television program tonight, Modi said the curfew will continue.
It is also time for the residents especially those who live near these streams to take responsibility by keeping clean and disposing of garbage in the designated places and not in these streams. change after eventually.
The two PFI leaders were arrested from Barpeta district in Assam.
The suspects were identified as Joshua Khiangte Tripura, 36, of Aizawl, Mizoram. The suspects were identified as Joshua Khiangte Tripura, 36, of Aizawl, Mizoram. and currently residing in Damchhara, Tripura.
An amount of T.1000 crore has been released to the EPFOs for the scheme for the month of June,
Police said that Bah Seiborlang and Bah Krenjulang are from Wahlyngkhat village, East Khasi Hills.
“Ade i Bah, you have come...” Maheh said first. “Yes, Maheh, I have come... Then how are you?
Registration forms can be obtained from the Secretary at the time of payment of the entry fee, and must be stamped and submitted on the start date of the Tournament.
The Prime Minister said that the appointment of a new CMD will not solve the problem overnight, but Rebecca is well experienced in her work and is also in the CMD. “When I say that, I don't mean that the performance of the previous CMD is wrong but the situation is very serious. and when the situation is difficult, decisions have to be taken,” he said.
“In this boundary settlement in the second phase, I expect that those villages who want to come to Meghalaya and the Assam Government will respect this,” he said.
Reforms (B) Bah LK Diengdoh, who sent to the MPSC, District Selection Committee (DSC), Central Recruitment Board (CRB) and MMRB.
He was found to be suffering from shortness of breath and difficulty in breathing and died this morning at 8:00 pm.
Smit PHC was awarded the best PHC while Laitlyngkot, Swer and Mawphlang PHC were awarded the best PHC.
The opposition has refused, saying that the authority to create a new list of Chairman does not belong to the Lamphang at such a time when his seat is vacant.
Those who were acquitted are Lous Lawai Lyngdoh, Joycebell Rapsang, Aldrois G Kharmyndai and Banri Mary Lyngdoh from Centre Shillong.
He urged that there should be a department for the registration of land titles to free the residents from the problems and waste of money in cases.
Once again, I express my sincere apology for the entire incident and insist that my remarks are true that the BJP is a religiously independent party and does not support anti-religious activities even if they are Christians,” he said. said Bah Sanbor Shullai.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik on Friday issued a directive to the government for ignoring the demand of the SSA teachers. to reduce their salaries and to increase their salaries.
He said that before the state government launches the Aqua Culture Mission scheme; The production of fish in the state is less than 4,000 metric tonnes per annum and since the launch of the scheme, the state has been able to produce 13,000 and 14,000 metric tonnes per annum.
Sabahmuswang have won the Under-13 Republic Day Cup Football Tournament by beating FAM 2-0 in the final match held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on 26th July.
The JSU has also lodged a complaint with the DC to prove that Ayush Kumar is not entitled to the state quota for MBBS because he is a foreigner and his father has Aadhaar in Bihar. His father, who is working at Dalmia Cement, is not entitled to PRC as he is not a resident of the state.
Nongpoh, Naitung 06: Umshaken SC has become the winner of the Mathan League after beating Umjari SC in the final of the Mathan League. in Umshaken Square.
He said that this part has already been finalized by the government and if groups come to mislead and intimidate MUDA, they should be accused of deceiving the people. “If you want to say that you belong to MUDA, tell them that you have thanked them and leave,” said Bah Ronnie at the opening ceremony of the school held at Pomlum Secondary School today.
Jowai: The residents of Mowkaiaw Constituency have brought rice and jhur for the donation of their INC and UDP candidates. According to a statement issued by the Election Secretary of the UDP in Shilliang-Myntang, the supporters of the UDP in Shilliang-Myntang yesterday brought rice, jhur, fruits and vegetables. Umphniang and other items for the purpose of assisting Nujorki Sungoh who is the UDP candidate from the constituency.
In principal the laws allow us to predict the future but in practice it is too difficult.
Shillong: Ka KHNAM State Youth Wing, today sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, to protest against the NEIGRHIMS authorities. , as shown through the advertisement released by the department for 231 posts, of which only 17 posts have been allocated for STs. while SCs have been allocated 34 posts and OBCs have been allocated 62 posts and EWSs have been allocated 32 posts.
The silver medals went to Samuel Warjri, Edaka Warjri, Jyntialin Warbah, Lawankmen Nongbri, Bansahnam Nongbet and Samemlang Ïawim.
Nongpoh, Naitung 03: A youth who was abducted by the Meere Petrol Pump in Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District, on the 1st of this month, has died at the Civil Hospital. Shillong.
A woman from Laitkyrhong said that urea is sold at T.560 per barrel from unlicensed vendors while others who sell black are sold at T.800 or T.900 per barrel.
In a letter sent to the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO), Mawkyrwat, the National AYUSH Mission welcomed the proposal of the National AYUSH Mission to fully implement the 10 Bed Integrated Ayush Hospital. Mawkyrwat and hopes that this health center will be a blessing to the people of the area as a whole.
These species of bshiah change color according to the change of color or the color of the sky.
She said that the Engineering Wing of the Health Department is a subsidiary of the Public Works Department (PWD).
This was announced by the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the state, FR Kharkongor.
Jowai, Lber 31: A woman named Rishisha Challam from Tyrshang village, Ummulong area has been arrested by the Jowai Women Police Station and the court has remanded her for 14 days. without bail for threatening to kill her own children and also her youngest sister.
On Tuesday, a three month old child was found dead in Wahumkhrah by passers-by in Mawlai Iewrynghep.
In a statement to the media, he said that the HITo does not want to see the government led by the NPP-BJP because all the people can witness the gratitude of the state to the NPP and He said that the HITO as a pressure group wants to have a government led by other parties who are willing to oppose the BJP government's plan to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
The identity of a nation is through the language they speak.
In Chumur, he talked to the army and also to the residents about the problems they face especially in terms of roads, mobile network, JJM and others.
The delay in the inclusion of the Khasi language in Article 5 of the Constitution, the Inner Line Permit, is due to the lack of a strong MP in Parliament.
Although Meghalaya lost four wickets before the break, their run rate was 4 and 5 per over during the first innings.
Shillong, Nailar : In connection with the case No.01/2023, Shillong, the EO of Sadar Police Station, Shillong, on Tuesday said that on An unidentified person who was lying lyngktar inside the parling lot at Polo was rushed to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for treatment.
“I don't want to promise anything, time will tell because the people have seen my work,” said Ma Moonlight Pariat.
IAP Covid has been injected mmm.
They also demanded the cancellation of the soskular between the state government and the factories in Byrnihat for the price of electricity and expressed their opposition to the handover of MeECL to private companies.
“Those who love you will be secure” Psalm 122:6
On the other hand, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh promised to take action on these issues affecting the youth of the state.
The chip is the smallest device that scientists have ever inserted into the human body.
On the other hand, the Director General of Assam Rifles and Sponsor of the tournament, Lt Gen Shokin Chauhan, AVSM, YSM, SM, VSM, gave the same message to the people. of this region.
Belgium, ranked second in the world according to FIFA, had to go home against Croatia and especially after Morocco beat Canada 2-0 Among these four teams, Crotio and Morocco have qualified for the pre quarter of the Qatar 2022 World Cup.
According to an official of the state government, he said that the land is not the same but there are around which the government has prepared to accommodate these land vendors.
At this meeting, the employees of Star Cement, took part in the reading of the Pledge and raised the flag of the National Safety Day (NSD). Various programmes, such as slogan writing competition, poster writing competition, emergency drills, essay writing competition and others, were attended by company employees and school children. to those who won competitions.
At the same time, he said the Meghalaya government should show signs and not just talk against the Bill.
The people should look at who is the MLA who is still holding the post of teacher and should also look at the candidates who hold both posts.
According to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, about 20 percent of the parents in Shillong leave their children on the way to work. late.
In the recent MLA elections to elect the Leaders of the Legislative Assembly, it was seen that there was a shift from one political party to another, a shift of opinion and The handshake between the leaders of various political parties and between the fellow candidates.
“It is the policy of the government to imprison one person for up to 10 years when crime is increasing,” he said.
The speakers at the meeting from the VPP also reminded that the time has come to send a qualified and visionary person to be the leader of the Lok Sabha.
Acknowledging that the outbreak of the disease has affected the number of tourists in the state in the past two years, the Minister said that the tourism industry has now started to grow rapidly again due to the The state has witnessed a large number of visitors this time.
In this regard, it was reported that this happened in January, 2022 when a drunkard spoke against the Youtuber who came from outside the state.
Shillong, June 24: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Northern Region, under the leadership of Bah Banpynskhem Kharnaior, President, has admitted that it has found many corruption cases in SSA schools in Ri-Bhoi District. , school fees.
The address and age can be disclosed, but the names of the patients should always be confidential.
Wow the government of India is happy to hold the lehniam but why don't we Shane.
Indian Arrow lost to Chennai City FC in the latest match.
Not only that, even the incumbent President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang has been defeated and unable to contest the MDC elections in
That too took 4200 years from the covenant of God with the patriarch Abraham until the incarnation of Jesus Christ (Mt 1:17).
The Government of India, through scientists, has taught us well, on the need to keep a distance from each other, and the need to wear masks, when we go outside the house. In fact, it should not be the law of the government, but it should be the responsibility of ourselves, because this is not a disease, which comes by force, but there is no law, there is no law. and it is for those who do not take care of themselves.
She has also received the Samvaad Fellowship Award (published by the Tata Steel Foundation) in
At present, even the operation of an existing steel factory, Shakambari Ferro Alloys Limited, has had a serious impact on the environment not only on the air, but also on the fish in the river. “I live in the Rwiang River and other rivers in the area,” said Dominik Lyngkhoi.
According to a statement sent by the District Transport Officer, Ri Bhoi District, Bah I.Kharmon, the office of the Transport Department, before conducting the inspection of commercial and public vehicles, The owners of vehicles are required to provide the necessary documents and comply with the rules of the Motor Vehicle Act.
For Lebanon, this match is even more important as they failed to beat Mongolia in the previous tournament.
This is since the government has imposed a curfew for fear of the Coronavirus.
Because in Garo Hills the people have voted for the NPP and in Khasi and Jaintia Hills the UDP has won most of the ethnic parties and when the two parts are combined, the MDA-2 will emerge.
“For 9 months, in October, 2023, Kong Grace will be in the Secretariat.
Manipur, who won the toss and elected to bat first, were bowled out for 257 runs in 121.5 overs.
On this basis, the state government has called for talks with the leaders of the Mazdoor Union and others involved in the transportation of Umphiang to Meghalaya, so that they can discuss and explain to the public on the issue. If the Union continues to suspend the smuggling of Umphniang to the state, the people will be affected.
He also spoke about the PRIs and ADCs in rural areas which allow people to raise their concerns so that these ruling bodies can resolve them.
Till May this year, 55 buses were burnt, causing damage worth Rs 20 lakh.
Apart from Guwahati, the Northeast Half Marathons will be held in Darjeeling, Tawang and Gangtok.
The letter further acknowledged that the statement caused panic and caused the public to lose confidence in the system, and “is false and misleading, amounting to deception of voters".
In the first leg, Inter Milan beat AC Milan 2-0 and beat AC Milan 3-0 on aggregate.
At this juncture, it is time for the people to surprise the people to end corruption completely by removing the power of those who are willing to throw money during the elections.
As of 30th November, there were about 36 lakh Challans used in 2023, with the collection of fines amounting to T.205.8 crore.
According to the founder of the group, Samla Luckystar Ryntathiang, the group, which has just been established in the past few months, has the goal of employing the youth and to provide assistance to those who are in dire need of assistance by conducting fortune-telling and other activities.
Former office bearers of the JYF Central Body, including Mr. LD Lakiang, the first President of the JYF as the chief guest, Bah DL Rymbai, former President of the JYF Central Body as the symbud kong san.
What about this case , it is legal or illegal.
“This is because the private power company has come up with a new model, which they say is more efficient.
Police in East Jaintia Hills on Friday had to use tear gas and lathi bombs to disperse the protesters and disrupt the public hearing convened by the National Assembly. The Meghalaya State Pollution Board (MSPB) for the expansion of the production of coal, clinker and electricity generation by Meghalaya Cement Limited.
Shillong: There have been 44 new cases of corona virus in the state today.
Shillong: U Vice Chairman of NITI AYOG, S Bery, on Tuesday evening, said that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has a plan to improve the quality of education in the country. the development of the tribes in India as a whole.
Although it is not the duty of the High Court to administer the rule of law, it is a fact that without the High Court, we don't know where we will go as citizens of this state.
It is unlikely that this month’s utility bill will rise unreasonably.
“I'm sorry,” called Miss Banrilang.
:The residents of the villages across the Simsang River in South Garo Hills have urged the district authorities to immediately repair the footbridge at Rewak for the safety of traffic.
At the same time, he questioned the working of the previous government on the Lokayukta. This government has not taken any time to get a chairman and the chairman means that this government has a commitment to strengthen the Lokayukta and to rat stings are the ones who do corruption"
Speaking to media, Bah BB Makdoh, said that the reason why the Union has urged the state government, is after they have seen and found the support of the people who intend to They have to use other roads which have become more winding and longer, which has affected the traffic of the people.
Shillong, June 29 : To get detailed information on the damage caused to Balat and Dangar villages in the Umngi River, especially during the rainy season when hundreds of households have had to flee to others. The Minister of State in charge of Water Resources, Bah Comingone Ymbon on 28th June 2013, has personally visited these villages to inspect the situation of these villages.
The Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Paiem Miwel Shadap, passed away at his residence in Umpowin, Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday morning.
There have been 16 new cases in Kamrup.
Thy hands are stronger than the mountains round about thee.
It was through this Bharat Jodo Yatra that the Congress party won the Government elections in Karnataka and now in Telangana.
The storm, which is part of parts of South America and the South Atlantic Ocean, has been there for decades, but now it is reported to be spreading farther away and to parts of the South Atlantic Ocean. to the west of the world and this will put pressure on the world's media, which is in space.
The teachers' shelter was inaugurated by MLA HB Nongsiej in the presence of MDC Jambor War.
This was revealed in a statement from the leaders of these three parties including Mr. Ricky Sohlang, Mr. Anthony Umiong, Mr. Ioannis Diengngan. The counting of votes from the MLA, MDC and MP elections is on the grounds that the state government does not believe and does not care at all about the demands of the three parties and especially the demands of the residents of Maweit area. One is because this road is no longer new, but it has been more than 50 years since the time of the Assam Government.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has strengthened its field of work by launching another branch known as the JSM- Pamra Sohkymphor Zone.
Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh said that the party is grateful to the DC for listening to the request of the two parties who stood for the welfare of the job seekers.
Meghalaya finished the first innings with 504/9 (Declared), more than 410 runs after Arunachal lost on Thursday for only 94 runs.
Shillong, July 29: U Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP), has said that he has not agreed with the change of position of Bah HS Shylla from time to time.
Shillong: U Bah Spencer Majaw, 50, resident of Pohkseh, in an interview with Rupang, said that when you go to the job market, you should remember to look first at the job market. back.
Meanwhile, the MDC of Mairang has been welcomed since last month at a meeting held in Mairang.
“What these leaders have to tell the stories that no one knows about their struggle should be in writing and not just in oral stories,” he added.
The incident happened at Lumshnong and the bus carrying the relief team from Odisha to Ksan was stranded at the coal mine.
Therefore, it is time for the government to set the right positions for the leaders.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAA) has won 17 medals, 3 gold, 7 silver and 7 bronze medals at the 43rd National Arm Wrestling Championship It was recently held at Bhilai, Chattisgarh.
Kenosis, or self-destruction and self-destruction, can stand and fight against the neo-liberal era which is greedy, corrupt, corrupt and allows wealth and power to dominate. only to a few people.
According to the CEM, Para 20 of the 6th Schedule stipulates that there shall be only three areas exempt from the jurisdiction of the District Council namely Cantonment, European Ward and Police Bazar. The government needs the approval of the KHADC to acquire these land.
Despite being associated with Assam and its culture for hundreds of years, the Desi Muslims of Garo Hills have expressed their support for the independence of Assam with the hope that social and economic rights and aspirations shall be protected and included.
“In Garo Hills, we have to fight from many sides and the TMC is not at the forefront.
Afterwards, prizes were awarded to the winners by the chief guest and others.
The clash between the two MLAs came after Bah Sanbor Shullai rejected the speech of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the UDP and Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on the occasion of Murmu.
In the Men's Body Building 60 kg category, Lalrem Mawia Sangma of Synergy Fitness Gym won the second prize, Bhalang Khongwir of Claudia Fitness Hub won the second prize. Shillong Gym and Eulias Marbaniang of Shillong Gym.
The same is true of other markets in Jowai.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah KD Kharkongor, DAO Ri Bhoi, first of all expressed his regret over the lack of people who take responsibility for the development of agriculture in Ri Bhoi. The state, because many of these days people don't want to farm anymore, because they have focused only on government jobs.
Therefore, u Dasakhiatbha Lamare, urged those poor families not to lose heart when it comes to Khaw, as the MLA, has already prepared and at the same time urged the people to They should not take advantage of his promise to the poor families, but they should think and should not have any feeling when the MLA allows and distributes first to those families who are very poor and those who are suffering from poverty. that house that sem.
Manish Sharma took three wickets (5/22 in 16 overs) for Meghalaya while Bipin Kumar Ray took 2/33 in 8.5 overs.
“I just want to say this, if you want to help, just help and if you don't have the intention to help, talk to us and we won't come to ask for help,” he said.
The present MDA government has already set up a High Level Committee to find ways and means to resolve the issue.
Parents are the great leaders of the family, teachers are also the leaders of school and college students, as young people also have their own responsibilities as leaders. the Church or the society.
Kohima: Even after the fourth meeting, the NSCN-IM and the Indian government have not reached an agreement, as the talks have not reached any conclusion today.
The district authorities are also present to ensure that the completion will be dignified.
so the firmament and the earth are his kingdom.
There are leaders today who are too formidable to contest and win elections.
Shillong, November 05 : The AFI has already arranged for the 1st Sohra International Half Marathon 2022 to be held in the State.
“Meghalaya has recently held the MLA elections, the results of which were announced last month.
It is learned that the man has not shown any signs in these days and he is in isolation in Tura.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, today said that the government has not been able to purchase Advanced Life Support Ambulances for the state. The money has to be shared between the State Government and the Central Government.
We cannot do anything about this because that is the way it is.
The Union of Commercial Vehicle Drivers has invited all to attend the rally to demand that the law enforcement agencies should punish them severely according to the rules of law so that these criminals cannot take their lives. they shall not walk lightly.
Speaking after being appointed as the full Lyngdoh of Raid Bhoilasa, Samla Meclyour Lyngdoh expressed his delight that as a son of the Sad family, he will take over the inheritance in the Khadar administration. of the Raid Bhoilasa, because it is their family who is entitled to take over the responsibility of expanding the administration of the Raid and also to strengthen the customs and traditions of the Raid as a whole.
Shillong: The North Eastern Region of India has been experiencing power outages in recent days due to the shortage of electricity in these states.
A short program was also held at Hollywood Hall where the Principal of Dinet Manik Syiem, Drimsibon Kharkongor, spoke on the theme 'Only One Earth' The world is a theme that calls for change in order to restore and maintain the cleanliness of the environment.
However, the HSPDP leader said that in the upcoming MDC elections, the HSPDP will go alone and there will be no alliance with any party. Shillong: The Ministry of Food and Civil Supplies (MoHFW) has said that the Food Safety Department of Mawshynrut has defeated Gigur Myrthong in the 2018 election. The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India through the office of the Commissioner of Food Safety of Meghalaya today came to explain to the public at Motphran on the importance of food hygiene. and this needs to be understood by both the sellers and the buyers.
When paid properly and used properly, it is like a tank of water that can provide water to many self-employed households.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) candidate Dr Jemino Mawthoh has denied the allegation by the Congress and other parties that the ethnic parties cannot do anything in Parliament because they do not have MPs. tremendous.
“This is an exploitation by Raja for his own benefit as a minority and we strongly demand that the Deputy Commissioner should immediately cancel the Schedule Tribe certificate of Raja,” said the lawyer.
We are on the losing side and as I said, anything done in a hurry will end in failure,” said Bah Ardent.
We will try to solve this problem for the people to live in peace,” he added.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Dr Donkupar Roy, MLA from Shella, will continue to lead the United Democratic Party (UDP) for 15 years from 2003.
The light has come to light us many times and we have to pay for it completely, wherever we go.
it's just a party for someone.
He said that it cannot be said that the school itself still needs a lot of assistance from the government authorities, but the dedication and selflessness of the girls of the school has led them to reach this level. The goal is to lead the State which is the honor of the school, the community, the parents and the State as a whole.
This has caused the water to pool throughout the stadium without being able to flow freely during the heavy rains in these days.
Through this traditional health centre, it will promote traditional healers in the state who use herbal medicines and others which will also open up opportunities for them and traditional medicine in the state through various trainings to be disseminated through this clinic. .
He said that the area itself is suitable for the soil and climate to grow this strawberry which is a very valuable variety.
It was decided that in April 2021, the cleanliness of the streets will be conducted by the Dorbar Shnongs within the boundaries of the villages.
Shreya Saha of Tura won the Act of the Season award.
Science, NEHU, Dr.C.Mukhim, Chief Medical Officer cum In Charge of Health Center, NEHU and Raj Mallick, Deputy Registrar (Exam), NEHU and N.Das, Asst.Director (PE & Sports) cum Organizing Secretary of this tournament and others.
The meeting was organized by the JCMDA. The meeting was attended by many leaders of West Jaintia Hills District including Balius Swer President JCMDA. , Hambartus Nongtdu, Ex MDC, Violet Lyngdoh, Laski Rymbai, Namon Bamon and also joined hands with the JHTOA.
The Meghalaya Indigenous Minority Tribes' Forum (MIMTF) on Tuesday expressed its regret that no leader from the minority tribes living in the state has been included in the group formed to discuss the Reservation Policy.
I have already discussed this with the leaders of the Central Government and they have expressed their regret over the actions and speeches of the President of the BJP. , but I am just expressing the inner feelings of the BJP leaders especially the feelings of the BJP leaders who are against Earnest Mawrie”.
“When I took office, the present EC has dissolved all the committees set up by the previous EC,” said Bah Dkhar in reply to a question in the KHADC. The EC has re-established the KHVMC on July
Shillong, October 23: U Dennis Siang Shai today filed his nomination papers as an independent candidate for the Shillong Lok Sabha Parliamentary Constituency.
On the other hand, KSU and FKJGP leaders including Samla Balajied Sten and Samla Fleming Sten together with the village leaders said that the construction of the Multi Facility Center has been scheduled to be completed within 2 years. During the Congress government's rule in the state to promote development works in the area and especially in the tourism industry as the village is also famous for the migration of Amur Falcons once a year, but it was witnessed that Until these days, the construction has been suspended and the village leaders and Sengbhalang leaders have been surprised that the contractor has left the work suddenly.
In East Khasi Hills, Pomlum PHC and Mawphlang CHC in East Khasi Hills were awarded the best hospital in the state.
Politics affects the life, income, development of the nation and so on.
They should have been removed immediately and replaced.
This area which covers many villages which have to face terrible suffering due to the distance of government health centers like CHC and PHC, is sad when they say that they have to face this. problems for many years and especially when it comes to pregnant women who risk their lives to go far away for treatment without getting help nearby.
According to Zenith, as an MLA elected by the people, James should be careful not to speak the truth.
The Seng Kut Snem 2022 of the Khasi Festival was enriched by the Chipiah dance by the Seng Raij Niamtre Shillong and the Shad Thma by the Seng Khasi Mawlai.
The seizure of 1 lakh byrni of rice from the kudam in Assam has shocked the people especially at this time when many of the residents of the state have been severely affected in terms of their income due to the This has been closed for more than six months.
Rohini, who has become more visible in the media, has become more visible and praised after she donated a child for her sick father.
On the allegation that the four persons who were shot dead were smugglers, he said, “If they are smugglers, is there a law that those people of the law should be shot dead? to them.
The death toll is almost every day, and there is no way it will end in the days to come.
Speaking on the occasion, Akshay Kumar said, “I hope that my collaboration with TAFE's Massey Ferguson tractor, which is one of the leading manufacturers of vehicles to plow fields and fields, will be successful. will help farmers to learn more about this new vehicle.
The MR requested the Rangbah Shnongs to order the people not to touch each other.
She thought of serving in her own strength.
The track beat was composed by Dezan Rohalu and the recording studio was composed by Wonderson Mylliemngap.
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has warned that heavy rainfall is expected in parts of the state tomorrow.
I would like to say that in terms of looking after this project, it is not just me but we have a team of engineers and architects,” said Bah Sutnga.
The best way to eat this vegetable is to drink it with water.
Till November 2022, out of 588 identified projects, 562 projects, at 1664 different locations across North Eastern Region (NER), have been geo-tagged through satellite images and mobile app.
Dr Mukul Sangma has urged the people of Meghalaya to be vigilant against the BJP, which is in power in Delhi and has repealed Article 370 of the Constitution of India for personal gain. who is.
He said that he has achieved many achievements as an MP for the constituency.
Searches were conducted at the residences and offices of the PGM in Bhopal in which T.8 lakh, 240.5 g of gold and 1915 g of silver were seized. other illegal possessions, the statement added.
Therefore, the VPP wants to allow the government to carry out the work.
As children we must inculcate the basic teachings to know and understand and love the nation, teach about those heroes or swordsmen who have done for the country and the nation, and In the home, Khasi customs should be taught, or any customs that will build them up.
Khliehriat November 22: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has received complaints from the people who have been deceived by those people who cheat in financial transactions. The Branch Manager of State Bank of India Ladrymbai Branch today met with the Branch Manager of the State Bank of India Ladrymbai Branch. They are involved in financial activities where those who take money promise to make a lot of money but with a small investment, this comes through companies or online gaming, online trading that is not The KSU-EJHDU led by Samla Pynshai Kupar Dkhar, Asst.General Secretary, Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Finance Secretary and Shwari Ryngkhlem, has met with the KSU-EJHDU. The Branch Manager of State Bank of India (SBI) Ladrymbai Branch is requested to cooperate with the union by conducting awareness programs on these fraudsters. The awareness program will be conducted especially for school children, college students, the elderly, women as well so that they can avoid any fraud, to avoid any fraudulent companies, any online Earning apps or people who promise to earn tens of thousands of dollars from a small investment.
Also present on the occasion were Parag Dhar Konwar, Asst. Vice President of Drishtee, Branch Manager of Rural Bank Baridua Branch, Kamakhya Prasad and CSP Officer. Mawsmai Bah Please Doubt.
The charges were brought against the illegal employment within the Railway Department in connection with the purchase and donation of land to the family of Lalu Prasad during his tenure as Minister in charge of Railways. Railway Department between 2004 and
During the meeting, the officer said that the transformer to be installed in Mawphansaw village has arrived at Mawkyrwat, but for Nongmluh nothing has been done yet. The transformer has not been damaged yet.
“There is also the decision of many that Meghalaya is not ready to accept this casino in all aspects.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Two Khasi youths, Banshai Syiem of Laitkor and Ïohborlang Kharsohnoh of Jongksha, who used to drive a taxi, were shot dead by foreigners at Khyndailad on Friday night. at 10 o'clock.
Speeches were delivered by Rgh Bewill Shylla President Seiñ Raij Tuber on the topic “I Pyrnah Pyrjin in the Religion and Customs”, Rgh Omin Pohlong Seiñ Raij Lamin on the topic “Religion according to the present age” and Rgh Felin Rynjah from Satndbyme Sari Publicity Secretary of the Sengkhihlang on the theme “Ri for the Tradition to Survive the Nation” and welcome speech.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the department will look into this and will encourage the department to complete the work.
This visionary clearly understands that if education is to be built and developed in Meghalaya, it must first strengthen the foundation and foundation of all education – primary schools.
The fire started at 1 pm and was extinguished at 7 pm due to the severity of the fire.
The project has cost Rs 496 crore.
There are places where the children are dropped off after school and the parents pick them up after school.
This was announced by the President of KSU Sohra Circle, Samla Shemphrang Synrem while talking to reporters after the meeting with the DC. Sohra, has issued an order to delete all Cherrapunjee inscriptions in Sohra for about six months; However, even after the expiry of this deadline, there are government offices, schools, restaurants, restaurants which do not follow the rules and after this the KSU has given them another deadline until the 11th of this month but they have not The KSU leaders on Tuesday last month went to delete these posts.
The program was conducted by N.Marbaniang, Monitoring and Evaluation Officer, District Mental Health Program (DMHP).
C. Vivian Rymbai, Jeremy Talang and Samuel Shylla won the Traditional Round, Casual Round and Question-Answer Round. Ma MC Rymbui, Head of Lion Mission Compound; VJ Laloo District, RKSK Nodal Officer, RKSK Brand Ambassador and others.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has congratulated Bah Sosthenes Sohtun for his recent leadership but for bringing about hundreds of crores of rupees in the Jirang constituency. Other leaders in the past have not been able to bring about anything in the past decades but as we can see now in Jirang constituency has received everything that is needed including in the field of roads, education, water supply. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the NPP is the only party that wants to bring about change in the state but there are those who criticize.
Ukrainian media say they have killed 30,350 Russian troops since the beginning of the war on 24 June.
He said other parties have been able to lead the state into Parliament but the UDP has not yet reached its goal even though it has nominated a candidate for the MP election. He was invited to leave for Delhi to bring about change in the state.
Any non supply, supply of less prescribed scale or inferior quality may be reported to the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District, Shillong.
“Ka Seng congratulates the Mynsngat-Khanduli Development Committee and also the Local MLA for their initiative to follow up on the demand for the upgradation of PHC Namdong to CHC, but they should not be happy with this past decision. “The PHC should be upgraded, but they should look into the condition and performance of the PHC,” said the KSU. At present, the residents of the area do not know that the PHC has been upgraded. PHC, even the government has not officially announced that the PHC has been upgraded and even the signboard used in the PHC has been used in the name of Namdong PHC and not Namdong CHC,” said the KSU. “The staff and the quality of treatment at the PHC is still the same and it is not appropriate to say that the PHC has been upgraded to the status of CHC,” said the statement. The plan to upgrade the PHC has been opened since the previous Congress-led government, but it has not been announced yet.
All these things start from the beginning, therefore the encouragement from the beginning, which is the parents, will be the golden bridge for the children to reach the goal.
Many times residents or groups come out before the elections to release information collected through the RTI Act, 2005 on the implementation of the MLA scheme.
The MPF said that the Lamphang's acceptance of the resignation letter of Bah Sanbor Shullai is against the Constitution and he did not know that his seat is in the middle, which the Constitution says It is clear that if the Lamphang is unable to conduct the dorbar, only the Child Lamphang can conduct the dorbar.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) San Shnong Unit will hold an award ceremony for the best students in various fields.
It is understood that hundreds of teachers from all over India will attend the meeting.
“On the topic of the business environment and the many job opportunities that come from the PMMY, the Finance Minister said, “The scheme has helped to create an open environment especially for small jobs and has created job opportunities in rural areas.
It is learned that the priest was coming from Shillong to Tura on a bus on Tuesday night and started assaulting a young girl who was sitting next to him.
He said that Nahar Punji 1 has an area of ​​200 acres while Nahar Punji 2 has an area of ​​about 250 acres and in all these two villages there are about 700 Khasi.
The government has the means to do this despite the ban on coal mining,” he said.
He said the question now is, “What is the concern for the welfare of the children?”
“I am very sorry that such a kidnapping has happened in Nongjri,” said Bah Danggo.
There has now been a preparation of troops to the eastern parts of the country and a call for retired soldiers to start their duties. intelligence and aviation operations, resumed their work.
Meghalaya, which tied first, scored 202/7 for 101 runs off Saee Purandare before Manipur managed to tie for 148/6 in 50 overs.
They have lost their love for one another, and they have lost their compassion for one another.
He said the people of the state should examine carefully the work done by Dr Mukul Sangma as he is the only one who has destroyed the party.
According to the agreement, one or more market visitors can purchase goods for less than US $200 (about T.14,347 Indian rupees) per market day.
On this occasion, gifts were distributed to the chief guests as well as to the three contractors implementing the JJM scheme as well as the Cricket and Football training camps.
In a press release, the KSU members, after the meeting, set fire to a skum near the market and also tried to set fire to the house. “If we have any intention and disturbance in Ichamati, our members will not come to the rally empty-handed and “It's just a few,” said Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar.
Within hours of this incident, Shillong Police on Tuesday evening arrested a father from Nongrah village after a thorough search.
Bah Pala was accompanied by senior party leaders including the Mahila Congress.
First of all, on the recommendation of the Committee I led from Meghalaya, the Government of Assam has welcomed the suggestion to send a list of villages where there is no dispute. “The villages that have registered to vote in Meghalaya and those that the Government of Meghalaya has invested in for decades,” said Bah Paul.
It is better for them to fight for independence, do whatever they want and speak whatever they want.
(5) The KHADC should amend the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, the law on slaughter of Khasi boys, especially the Rapiieng Act, which enslaves boys in their homes. stand in your own village.
After the speakers had completed their turn, the moderator invited the audience to take part in the Press Day celebration including the Sengbhalang leaders, Sengbhalang leaders. volunteers as well as students of NEHU and other institutions.
“These troops also seized about 45 byrni of sugar on the grounds that it was smuggled to Bangladesh but the truth is that there was no such thing. They are sold only to the residents of Bagli area,” the report said.
“Let this marriage last.
In Mawkynrew, there were 31164 voters and 26632 voters cast their ballots which is 85.46%.
Raja Brahma, who is the Border Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, has been appointed as the Project Director of DRDA, Ri Bhoi District and Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Lber 26: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the Council needs to have a strong Land Bill before allowing the people to register their land especially those who have stay in the border area.
Shillong: Members of the Joint Action Committee Against Umngot Hydro Power Project today expressed their hope that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has promised to take action against Umngot Hydro Power Project. They also expect that within six months, the government will be able to cancel the proposal to build this project.
“It is important that we elect MPs who can work with the State Government.
Speaking to reporters at NEPA, Umiam, Himanta said that under the umbrella of the National Drugs Control, there has been the cooperation of all the police forces in the North East to fight against drugs.
However, the RTI shows that the MLA had bought an ambulance in 2008-09 at a cost of T.5.50 lakh.
There are many species of Kraidon in the world, and there are also many species in India.
Our state is 50 years old.
They also decided that if the court summons the Sordars, they will not appear without the knowledge and participation of the residents who have empowered them.
Formalin-treated fish were reportedly sold in the public markets in these two states.
“Each of my wives cooks a good meal every day and I eat only the best food and if it doesn't taste good, I throw it away,” he said.
According to sources, that night, the mob went to the minister's residence and set it on fire.
At the same time, Bah Paul said that the department has also launched a women helpline
O you who are too clean, stop blaming those who don't have time to go to church like you who are in church. 3) To bring people closer to God:- Just know that this disease will Those who didn't remember God have now remembered.
The meeting was also attended by Vishal Chuahan, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India. the Central Government along with other officers and dignitaries.
In the second innings, Myntdu Lions failed to score well for the loss of three wickets and scored only 13 runs in seven overs.
This was announced by the Chief Election Commissioner, Sunil Arora today.
The price of healthcare is expensive.
The 7th February 2007, is another day to be remembered, because on that day, the 'Suid Tynjang or that kla which is called by the people recently, he took Bah Jim nearby, between the first and second sign bridge, between Nongthymmai and Nongriat, which is now famous.
The university authorities have now reached another stage in the process, namely to launch a community waste management program within the university.
Chlorophyll takes water, which comes through the roots from the soil, and a part of the air called carbon-dioxide, and mixes both together to form the food called stareh (purew).
On this occasion, the Waheh Chnong said that the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli has convened a meeting to discuss the incident in the presence of Bah Syrti and the village leaders.
I think it could reach 8 or 9 constituencies that have been received so far”.
Shillong: The Catholic Church around the world today celebrated the annual Day of Remembrance of the Dead on the 2nd of November as scheduled by the Church.
Chelsea striker Sterling has lost the opportunity after talks with coach Gareth Southgate.
The Mikir Hills have been the inhabitants of Dhansari in Assam since ancient times and after the attack of the Kashari on them they fled to Jaintia Hills where the Syiem of Jaintia Hills allowed them to settle temporarily. and they shall not take possession of the land of the villages.
After receiving the report from the District AH Veterinary Officer, the DC announced that according to the authority conferred on him through the rules of law, he has enforced Section 144 Crpc in the area. kilometers from Tiehsaw village, as the African swine flu can spread up to 1 kilometers from the scene.
Shillong: Groups of Rangbah Shnongs of Umtyrnga area today came to express their demand from the authorities to immediately cancel the illegal registration of 12,000 acres of land which has been confiscated by them. 20 villages in the Umtyrnga area.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District has announced the release of rice under the PMGKAY scheme for the month of September,
Seismologists have classified Meghalaya as a Zone V earthquake.
One thing I want to say here is that Pastor PBM has retired.
In this regard, the HNYF has lodged a complaint at Madanriting Police Station.
Setari italica is, as I mentioned above, called fox tail or Italian millet.
Open fields or commons may be associated with Raij or village land or communal land or village forest in which all the inhabitants are longtrai and have the right to use for agriculture, farming. to cut wood and other basic necessities.
These are to promote tourism, income and culture of the region, said Bah Diengdoh.
There will also be a poetry reading by Bah Normaon Roy Gassah, Kong Minimon Laloo and Babu Andreas Sun. be important parts of today.
Kynta left the party after joining the BJP in November 2022 ahead of the Assembly elections in June
The Under-16 Boys Football Tournament organized by the Youth Development Cell of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) started on Monday with the victory of Dkhiah West, Diengshynrum and Rymbai Wahshnong.
The SP of West Jaintia Hills, Bah Herbert Lyngdoh, said that the arrested person was Sakhiat Ymbon who was the leader of the murder and was arrested after the release of four others who were arrested earlier.
According to reports, more than 3 million people have voted for the band to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Fortunately, nothing happened to the students of Ieng Swer Memorial Secondary School even though this happened during the school holidays,” said KSU Finance Secretary Streamly Niangti.
In the first innings, Meghalaya bowler Shavian Blah took four wickets for 69 runs in 19 overs.
When taking blood, you need to know what it is and it must be clean and free of the disease.
He said that the month of April is the month when the students have to prepare for their final examinations, but the festival which uses strong sound systems affects not only the students. school children, but it also affects even the sick and suffering in the community.
“The rejection of church groups from government assistance is only a misunderstanding of the leaders and will be a loss to the church or the village and the people,” he added.
Shillong: The FKJGP Mawlai Circle today banned garbage trucks from throwing garbage to Marten. waste to Martin.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong, on Tuesday said that the lockdown has been extended across the country.
It was also announced that there are many shopkeepers, who violate the health rules, by staying away from others, wearing masks and thus it was announced to close all shops from Motphran to Bimola point. and then from Motphran to Stand Jeep, which includes the parking lot at MUDA at Garikhana.
We have seen the courage of this Rangbah, we have seen the steadfastness in his work and we see that once again this Rangbah will lead us the people to stand against the laws of corruption. to destroy our ordinary race.
“We hope to get a positive response from you and the Government Ministers.
Tender Child tied first and scored 91/9 in 15 overs through Suraj Chettri for 14 runs from 12 balls and Sagar Rai for 11 runs from 10 balls. Akash Singh took 2 wickets.
Before the start of the Council session, Deputy CEM Process T Sawkmie said that the PDF has no intention of suspending Kong Teilinia and wants to continue for a while.
The time when Israel will recognize their Messiah who is Christ the Lord, the King of the Jews, the King of Kings, the Lord of Lords, will be the time when God will pour out His wrath upon that Destroyer. who is the devil and Satan.
In fact, Adidas doesn't want to terminate the contract with Kanye but because of what the singer said has affected the feelings of many and for this reason the company in order to except for the impact, you will have to terminate your business relationship with Yeezy.
All of them we say that they are Khasi and they also say that they love the nation.
After a meeting with the Post Office Officer in Shillong, the Seng has made it clear that the Seng will stand on the ground not to allow them to work and the Officer has promised to send this demand of the Post Office. Wanteibok Lyngdoh, General Secretary, HYC-WKHD, said in a statement, “HYC, please know that the word 'YOUTHS' doesn't exist in English. in
It is for this reason that the Khasi also call this plant u kew.
If you want to fight against drug trafficking, you should search for drug dealers across the state because they are the destroyers of drugs.
It is clear that it was the defeat on the No Confidence Motion in the Dorbar Synrai this year which led them to try to spread as much as possible against the Government.
Before laying the foundation stone, the Notification signed by the Governor, Bah V.Swer was read out and after the reading, the foundation stone of the Block was laid. HG Passah has been appointed as the BDO of Shahlang C&RD Block.
Shillong: Since the state government introduced the target of fish production in the state through the Aquaculture Mission, the interest of the people in building ponds through the scheme has increased significantly, but when we take the fish production, it is something else.
They also expressed their gratitude to the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah WMS Pariat who promised that this scheme will continue as planned without any interruption.
The KSU said that this incident happened due to the stinginess and irresponsibility of the authorities in charge of the transformer. tragic incident and to prevent children from playing in the area where he is.
The price has been set at T.10 to T.15 thousand per annum if this number is used in a new vehicle.
This was announced by the Chief Ministers of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma and Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, while talking to media after the border settlement meeting in Guwahati on Saturday.
The Constitution of India is full of differences due to the differences of ethnic groups, customs and religions.
Speaking at the 25th Anniversary Celebration of Umlyngpung 12 Mer Sports Club, 12 Mer, Kong Teilinia said, “Since I won MDC election in 2014, we have not received any scheme. “It's because the state government hasn't released any money yet”.
The celebration of Christmas, especially the song, calls us to be merciful, kind, patient, forgiving, sharing the soul with those who have and those who do not have and especially, to give love to those who do not have the soul. love.
Such clashes and bloodshed are frequent in Syria and this is the third such incident in the country.
At the end of the competition, MDSA through Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Leader of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, awarded the winner's prize along with a cash prize of T. 50/- thousand to the Mawten Sports Club and the team will be able to represent the South West Khasi Hills District in the Meghalaya State League to be held in the coming days.
The worst affected areas include Moran, Lahowal and Chabua.
Child marriage is the source of income, education, happiness, social thinking and poverty in the life of every young person because it is not yet the time for marriage. It is still the time to seek education, job search and other thoughts. The mind has not yet decided to build its own house.
The body was shifted to the morgue of the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
During these 62 months or 434 years, 400 years are the years of God's silence (Four hundred silence years). Because the prophets of the Old Testament have ended before the end of those 7 months or 49 years, the reason is because the WORD OF GOD, which the prophets proclaimed all the time, will come. John 1:14 says, “The Word became flesh and the Word became flesh” After 7 months or 49 years there was no Prophet anymore because it was the time of preparation for God for those 400 years for the incarnation of the Messiah, the Son of God, Jesus Christ.
The losses for investors and industries are not trivial.
The UDP and KHNAM have decided to leave the ARPA after a meeting today and especially after the resignation of ARPA Chairman Bah Metbah Lyngdoh who is an MLA and MDC. MDCs and others include Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, Bah KP Pangniang and Bah Brolding Nongsiej after being banned by the amendment bill of the state government to hold two posts.
At present, the police have not been able to say in the village where these fugitives are because they have not been able to confirm as the search for them is still ongoing.
St. Anthony's H.S.S. beat Christian Academy 5-0
Besides DJ Daffy, Colors will also perform at the Nexus Band from Jowai.
“It is surprising that the examination which was scheduled to be held at 3 pm could not be held and the students entered the examination center at 5.15 pm after the NEHU authorities received the The KSU has expressed its gratitude to the NTA for the appointment of Kong Idashisha Nongrang, IPS. The first woman to be appointed as the Director General of Police of the State Government according to the media report on 12th June,
Shillong: The two deaths have been identified as Banteilang R Syngngai, 40, of Lalsharai and Nandeshwar Deury,
Of course, although we have politicians from our nation, we also need senior officers from our own nation.
“The Executive Committee led by Bah Titos Chyne has failed at the table of struggle.
“It was also said that at the review meeting, the issue discussed was to ensure that the repairs should start and secondly, the work that has already been awarded to the contractors should start as soon as possible. claim.
“Yes, I understand,” agreed the father and took the pela to drink the tea.
However, who else is involved in forcing the police chief to take his own life or who will be held accountable under Section 306 of the Indian Penal Code, these will have to be considered during the trial.
“In addition, it was recommended that the SOP number 25 issued on 5th October 2021 should be repealed by recognizing the owners of parks in Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills in the same category. and the State Government under Rule 27 of the Mineral Concession Rules, 1960 and if this is done, the rights of the people, the rights of the landowners and the rights of the miners will be restored. The MDA government has knieh all these and we as the people must stand against them because it is illegal, unjust and violent and against democracy,” he added.
Fortunately, they have not been killed yet.
Fish farmers from East Jaintia Hills District, including R.Moling Bamon, Lumshnong, Sunshine Ryngkhlem, Karwel Biam from Wapungskur, Musiang Lamare, Amnesty Salahe from Samasi, Pynkhreh Manar from Samasi, Fullness Manar from Kseh and others. They have also taken up the fish farming industry as one of their sources of income.
According to sources, the thief, whose name has not been released, at the time of writing of this news, had tried to steal the vehicle which was parked in the street. The driver of the vehicle was parking the vehicle at the parking lot from Umsning to Shillong.
The Rotary Club of Jowai as part of the celebration of Environment Week on the 25th of this month has organized a tree planting ceremony at the ground floor of Jowai Polytechnic.
In the individual singles category, Banosha Kharbudnah came first, Klitis Lyngdoh Marshilling came second and Wanrilang Sohklet came third.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, Leader of the Myrdon Circle, congratulated and expressed his gratitude to the members of Myrdon Circle who have done a great job in helping the poor families in Myrdon Circle. They said that they will be able to see their smiling faces again after the organization has been able to build a house.
There are seating areas, footpaths, chairs which have been carved with stones which have been carved by the residents of the village to beautify it which has not escaped much from the buildings of our ancestors.
However, as time went by, the demands of the residents increased.
It may be recalled that on 20th June, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, UDP candidate from Sohiong Constituency, passed away suddenly and the Election Department has temporarily suspended the conduct of elections in this constituency.
There have been 64,399 new cases of coronavirus in India in the past 24 hours.
If you do not pay or delay in paying, you will be fined.
Regarding this issue, the leaders of the party said that they have met with the CEM of JHADC and during the meeting he promised to take action and said that the Daloi do not have the authority to do so because The Council still has to make rules according to the order of the Supreme Court.
Speaking at a BJP rally in Rynjah, Irani said that while the rapists played with the dignity of women at the Defense Minister's hotel, the law enforcement agencies did not. do nothing and she’s just a spectator.
Meghalaya has not received its share of electricity from this power station due to the need to improve these power stations.
Referring to the letter sent by the State Pollution Control Board, the Minister said that the letter is only to reduce the use of stone bombs, as it can affect the environment and injure the passengers. bad cars.
The two women were identified as Hoihoi Hanhal, 35, and Lhing Hohoi,
I will proclaim your goodness forever.
But what else is happening in Israel? That the name of Jesus is not found among them to this day because they do not believe and do not know who he is? Jesus identified himself as the one who came from heaven, but the Jews (Israel) murmured about him because he said – I am the bread that came down from heaven. Is Jesus the son of Joseph? His father and mother we know.
It is a great joy for all those who have worked hard to reach the day when they will reap the fruits of their hard work.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Don Bok, President of the party, said that no ethnic group will be allowed to settle in the area.
Martle said that if the Governor goes beyond the rules, it means that the Constitution has failed.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday admitted that the defeat of the Congress in the mid-term elections in Nongstoin was not due to the wrong choice of candidate but because the people were misled by others. rival.
So we will wait and see when the time comes,” said Conrad.
On the other hand, the president of HTTA, Bah Kordor L.Mawlong, urged the drivers of commercial and private vehicles to come forward and express their grievances to the people of the HTTA. They will be present at the Tollgate from the first day and will write down their problems so that they can be resolved.
Although as an MLA, he should not have gone out on the road to regulate the traffic as it is the duty of the Police, but with concern for the concerns of many people, he cannot refuse to talk for the sake of the people. of all together.
Regarding the expenditure of funds on the Covid 19 pandemic which should have reached the Question Hour in the Synrai Legislative Assembly on the 12th of this month, the MLA of the 17th North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, but due to time constraints, it could not be completed.
“The government has set a target to protect the indigenous people and prevent the entry of mynder into the state.
The purpose of this announcement is to encourage some foreign shopkeepers to refuse to pay the HNLC tax. that they should not go beyond the orders of the Seng, otherwise they would fall into the same Apot.
After the meeting, the DM&HO met with the district authorities of ADC Bah S.Syiemlieh to inform him that the DC office will take action to monitor the arrangements for the development of CHC Khliehriat. to the Civil Hospital.
On this occasion, Nehemayah Tyngkan has admitted 75 UDP supporters from Barato and Sahsniang to the Congress.
Two of the SUVs fled the scene while the driver of the Jeep was arrested by the protesting farmers.
The CoMSO also demanded that the Meghalaya government should not introduce the Meghalaya Residential Safety and Security Amendment Bill
Speaking to media, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the new price set by the state government will come into force from the 15th of this month.
The nun believes that the reason for her dismissal is directly because she has spoken against the authority of Bishop Mulakkal, Bishop of Jalandhar, who used to authorize nuns, until Aizawl: The Mizoram government has decided to hold a meeting of all the Mizos around the world. for the purpose of bringing closeness to each other.
Recently, the NIA had announced a reward of Rs 3 lakh on each of the militants for providing information about them, including Shahnawaz and about three others who were allowed to suspected of being terrorists.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, today launched an ambulance, which the government has handed over to the Patharkhmah CHC, Patharkhmah. Ri Bhoi Sepngi and throughout the day, there were health workers who explained about the COVID-19 pandemic.
In the same way he wants us to suffer for him and for our fellow man.
Shillong, Nailur 16: U Teinwell Dkhar, Deputy CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) who is also in charge of Arts and Culture, today said that the investigation into the Heritage Village in Mawphlang has come to an end. Speaking at the CEM's room after the EC meeting, Teinwell said that the KHADC will soon submit its report to the EC. The EC is preparing to send a proposal to the 13th Finance Commission to implement this project.
The Guwahati Zone Excise Inspectors Association (AIEIA) has lodged an FIR at Shillong Sadar Police Station.
Jowai, March 12: MCS Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, DD Syngai, speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the 'Home Health Aid Skill Training' She urged the youth 'even in the midst of unemployment in the country as a whole but as youth they should stand on their own feet in order to meet their needs'
It is a force that cannot be controlled by the will of man.
The word 'byn' is added to any word that has no meaning or does not have a meaning to form another new word, such as the word part, bynhei, bynthiew, byndi, the word 'byr' to add to any word that has no meaning or that does not have a meaning to form another new word, such as byrngia, byrtem, byrthen, byrhom, byrngut, byrngiang, byrngem, byrta, byrtong, The word rapkhmat 'jyn' is added to any word that doesn't have a meaning or doesn't have a meaning to form another new word, such as jynjar, jyntah, jyndei, jynthung, jynlat, rapkhmat 'lyn' to add to any word that has no meaning or that does not have a meaning to form another new word, such as lynñiar, lyndum, lynthem, lyntang, lynsher. These two things, whether they are right or wrong, such as the words of equality, equality, equality, equality, equality, equality, equality.
It is important that voters wear masks, keep a distance from the authorities as if they were blind when there is a violation of the rules.
Once you turn back, you can turn back to the right.
Ma Shullai, has been involved in a power struggle in the Jaintia District Council, led by the opposition parties including the NPP and UDP. The Jaintia District Council (JDC) will hold its meeting today.
The AJYWO leader said that the closure of winestores in EJHD has affected the society.
However, it was decided that Bah Process and Bah James will not take part in the meeting because they have stood on the ground that only the Ing Dorbar is the and thou shalt not walk in the street.
V. RESPONSIBILITY TO PROTECT THE ENVIRONMENT: As the Sordars of this environment we have a very important role to play and perhaps there is no parla and Mawser to play.
Scottish runner Joasia Zakrzewski has been disqualified from the Ultra-Marathon after detailed information showed that she used a car as a vehicle. to take part in this race.
When Rida came out to gather the pela, her mother put it away.
On the other hand, the GSU Regional Chibinang Unit urges and invites other MLAs to come and see for themselves the condition of this road where vehicles are no longer allowed to pass during the rainy season.
Tura: Garo Hills has started to face a threat of Covid-19 as the testing for Covid-19 has started to detect positive cases this month.
The dorbar today, which opened the door, ended shortly after the presentation of the report by the government on the activities of various departments and the condolences to the members of the House. various people who have passed away in the past few days.
The deceased was identified as Bryan Donseng M Marak and the woman as Epsil N Marak.
“But the thing is that this project is new and with new techniques and technologies you cannot just change every line.
“The demand for meat in the State is 50,000 metric tonnes and half of it comes from outside the State and there is an opportunity for the farmers in the rural areas to produce more meat,” he said.
He said he hopes that they cannot refuse but they can extend, but as MLAs they will continue to protest whether inside the Legislative Assembly or on the streets to ensure that this demand will reach its goal.
He said that there will always be opposition to such projects.
Stressing on the need to take measures according to the strengths of the region, Conrad spoke on the need for cooperation between companies and the Government to accelerate the economic development of the region while strengthening the needs of the region. to ensure that the customs and traditions of the residents of the area are not endangered.
This will lead to a thorough monitoring of water consumption to improve and maintain water sources, especially groundwater and streams.
Three more doctors have died in Bangladesh in the past two days with difficulty breathing, believed to be caused by the coronavirus.
But the word starts with you,” said Hiram.
This is five times the expenditure on the 4th Meghalaya Games 2022 which was held in Shillong which was only T.2.39 crore.
The next day, on the 20th of May, when the Jailer asked them to board the bus, these plaintiffs refused and threatened that if they were forced to board, there would be a Maharashtra and Telangana have been in conflict.
If anyone has seen or known about him please contact his family members or phone on 8414080382/8
Moeen Ali has retired from Test cricket since November 2021 when the team played against India in the tournament.
In such a meeting, there is no one who is far away.
It will replace the previous law throughout the country and in the states.
According to the police, the incident occurred for personal reasons and the detailed investigation is ongoing.
On the 8th: NO ENTRY from 9:00 AM to 11:30 AM, from Loomsooiung (New Hill) – Iawmusiang area – HK Singh School – Chutwakhu – Khliehchnong – Chiliangraij.
The President of KJDSTA said that the KJDSTA is grateful to the Ministry of Education for taking the initiative to release the salary and at the same time, urges the school authorities to send the Utilization Certificate (UC). to the DSEOs so that the work will not be delayed in the coming days.
“He also questioned how this ethnic conflict in Manipur has reached this point.
On the other hand, the President of the Jaintia Fishing and Environment Protection Association, DH Pde, said that the association has a responsibility for the fish that live in the Wah Myntdu. and use drugs that affect the body.
Referring to the allegation that the BJP is anti-Christian, Bah Pohshna asked why such photographs, false photographs and news are spreading in these months before the elections.
Dr HH Mohrmen President of SURE said that the rotten waste from the shetja houses can be converted into fertilizer as well as pig feed, goat feed and others.
Heimon Lyngdoh tied 33 runs off 19 balls and Eeeshant Kumar Chettri tied 19 runs off 18 balls.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Edilbert Iawphniaw expressed his gratitude to the school principals, teachers who have been able to organize this game for the students. opportunity for students to develop and showcase their talents.
At present, the party does not have any MLAs because none of these three MLAs have come to explain to the party why they have left to support the MDA government. The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) has already informed the highest authorities of the Congress in Delhi, the All India Congress Committee (ANC) but it is not yet known what action the party will take against these four.
However, it is not that they get extra salary, but there are those who are more concerned about their duty as teachers to teach in the classroom.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: U Bah Jobkupar Wahlang was arrested on the 25th of this month and charged under sections U/S 184/185 of the Motor Vehicles Act,
The main reason is the pride and arrogance that comes suddenly as a leader, which brings about a sense of knowledge.
The ASAK is active in the South Garo Hills district and has committed many illegal and terrorist activities after the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) and other groups became more active.
In the match which was played at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai, both the teams tried to play strongly from the start.
Who….
Thus, it takes up to two months or six months to complete it immediately.
Tell me, How much does it cost to live in?How much does it cost to wear clothes?How much does it cost to buy clothes?
The Global Health Service has a partnership with the UKSSA. The UKSSA operates 108 Ambulances and 102 in Delhi and in 2018 there was a protest by the employees that the company has not paid the salaries of the employees because the Government “Chikitsa is under investigation by the CBI in Rajasthan for operating ambulances,” said Bah Kharraswai.
Maintaining weight and reducing age-related obesity is very important.
Shillong: Two UDP leaders, Shella MLA Balajiedkupar Synrem and Sohra MDC Titos W Chyne, Sohra MDC, KHADC, have been arrested. ), they met face to face with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to urge him to take action on the demands of the workers of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL).
The penalty shootout will be held in a round system and up to five players per team can participate.
“Meghalaya is the smallest state in India, the homeland of the smallest ethnic groups and the most backward in all aspects. which is now in the midst of a great threat of invasion by other ethnic groups from northern India, who have entered, left, lived, worked, earned and earned their living in the state. “Without a strict law to curb this, it has affected and put the country and the small community at great risk,” said Bah Ryngkhlem.
It may be recalled that the UDP had initially agreed to form a government together with other indigenous parties, but when this plan did not work, the UDP went to work with the UDP. NPP, to form a coalition government.
We too can clean every hour,” said a woman who runs a jhur shop at Mawlai Stand Bus.
He said that the farmers in Myntdu Pynthorneiñ have received rice, jhur seeds from the Agriculture Office and KVK WJH.
Shillong, Nailur 5: On the 3rd of this month, a public workshop was held to improve the road from Lad Jowai to Tamabil, which has been badly damaged and full of debris. The traffic of goods vehicles to the market on the border with Bangladesh.
To the northwest of this river, there is a Hydro Electric Project called Kynshi Stage-I which has been awarded to Athena Power Pvt.
“We have to invite all the Sengbhalang, the people in Khasi Hills to the table to know where they want to participate. Nikman rejected the map proposed by the ANVC and said that the demands of the ANVC and the GSMC are very different because they demand bloodshed while the GSMC demands bloodshed. They have proposed their own map while the GSMC wants to correct the map before drawing it again.
According to the information received, the exact cause of the death of the deceased is still unknown, but it is believed that the deceased had gone to pom siej. They went to the forest because it was found that there were also some siej in the body.
Wanz Dance Evolution performed the song 'Da Ki Sur bad Shiteng Lynti' from the film Khohwah Nongsor.
He also thanked CM Conrad Sangma and his team for their support and assistance for the development of the University.
On the question of the demand for the abolition of district councils, Conrad said, district councils are very important to the state because they protect the uniqueness and protect the customs and traditions. the ancient wealth of the State and the Nations.
Among the many groups who came to support the Hima Nongwah-Mawtamur, the land vendors in Laitumkhrah, the jhur vendors from Jaintia Hills, the Sur of the People of Hynniewtrep, the Seng NHP, and many other civil society and private sector organizations.
Shillong, Nailur 4 : As the seven major issues have not been implemented yet after the government promised to implement them, the MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie, has decided to reopen the These issues will be discussed at the Dorbar Synrai which will start on the 9th of this month.
He said that in relation to the problems of the farmers, Bah Bantei together with the Chief Minister will announce many assistance to the farmers to bring and improve the agriculture in the state. .
The District Magistrate has directed the Program Manager of Project Ahana to take measures to protect pregnant women from parent to child transmission. the Missing Link' in November 2022.
Therefore, the landowners of the beautiful tourist spots of the state are urged to take care of them to attract tourists throughout the year.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Butcher Association of Meghalaya, Bah Esron Marweiñ and the General Secretary of the Ri Bhoi Welfare Organization, Samla P. Jones Kurbah, strongly condemned the incident. doctor from the Veterinary Department, where even the cows bought from the state are quick to come and close the door while the Muit from other states flow into the state without doing anything. As it is known and known to the public in the state, there are no people who eat Doh Muit.
Regarding this, the SCCCOMDF today lodged a petition with the state government to give only two days to the state government to issue or issue the challans for 19 tonnes.
At this time let us look briefly at the fore ordained Plan of Salvation from the beginning of the world.
The State Tuberculosis Office (STO) through the office of the District Tuberculosis Officer, West Khasi Hills District has celebrated the World Health Day on the 6th June. to the community about TB and how to know if you have TB, what are the symptoms and how to prevent it.
The SP Crime said that the drugs seized from the suspects are worth T.10.10 lakh.
We have ensured that the GMP rules and certificates of pharmaceutical products should be followed by these manufacturing and transportation plants in the state,” he added.
The NPP won 26 constituencies including 18 in Garo Hills and 8 in Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
The group also sent its condolences to the wife, children and relatives of Bah Robert and prayed that God will console them in this tragic incident.
“Therefore, we want to ensure that from the time we issue the ticket, we should consider carefully and not issue tickets to those who have tickets,” he added.
MCA President Nababrata Bhattacharjee said it was a difficult decision for the association, but, as it is, the association has decided to rely on players from outside the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : The National People's Party (NPP) President and Chief Minister, Conrad Kongal Sangma, on Tuesday strongly condemned the political parties who try to create ethnic differences with their propaganda. He confirmed that the NPP will oppose the proposed implementation of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
Three of them died on the way to Sohiong CHC. Patna: The Indian government's Agnipath scheme has turned a battlefield into a battlefield. different states of India.
Hundreds of people from Mawthadraishan Constituency have come forward to register their names with the VPP in the presence of Brightstarwell Marbaniang, MLA Mawlai, Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA. Heavingstone Kharpran MLA Mawryngkneng and others.
Before the distribution of the foodgrains, there was a thanksgiving prayer by the Kñi of the Shnong, Kyrchan Synnah, to pray to the Creator to protect the country and to deliver it from evil.
Nongpoh, June 26: The Meghalaya Pig Farmers Association (MPA) has demanded that the Pig Farmers Association (MPI) The smuggling of pigs from outside the state to Meghalaya should be suspended.
In addition, the government has worked hard to improve the quality of hotels.
However, the Meghalaya government has made it clear to the Indian government that it does not have the authority to cover half of the expenditure.
The Diamond Jubilee was also attended by Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Guest and Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning as the Symbud Chief Guest in the presence of Sr.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Games, which was scheduled to be held in November, 2019, has been postponed to 17-21 June due to the mass protests against the Citizenship Amendment Act in the state.
The NPP has also expressed its confidence that it will win at least 20 out of the 25 parliamentary constituencies.
She also ranked No.4 in the AIBA World Women's Flyweight category.
Aizawl: The Mizo Zilrai Pawl (MZP) today took a different decision by warning the youth in Mizoram that they should not marry. who is not Mizo.
JH/395-396-397.
On Tuesday, when the leaders of these four organizations tried to go to a hospital in Khumlwng, Jirania Sub-Division, West Tripura, which is a village of ethnic minorities, they were stopped and blocked by the state police. Superintendent of Police, West Tripura.
In this regard, doctors and health centers will monitor the types of illnesses of patients affected by the heat of the sun, while the relevant authorities will they should be vigilant and increase their vigilance.
It was the first appearance of the team in the tournament and they played well in the first leg but couldn't turn the tide against Rang Dayeed FC after Ksankupar Khong scored. The third goal came in the 61st minute.
Half an hour later, Threat Umdor scored the second goal in the 30th minute to make it 2-0 in the first half.
Why didn't God make his Son a sheep? The reason is that the blood of animals, bulls and goats is no longer valid to carry the sins of mankind.
God wants rejoicing to have a limit, rejoice in the Lord, please and rejoice in His way, not in the ways of the world which will bring sorrow and grief later.
Banerjee has made it clear that she will not allow the NRC and CAB to be implemented in Bengal while the TMC will remain in power in the state. , are two sides of the same coin.
Isn't this the most sinful and sinful thing in the world, where brothers and sisters get married and this will continue to happen as the days go by if we don't change the law immediately. How to give birth to a man in this age of women who are raped.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 29: The BJP has demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui should resign immediately over the shooting death of four farmers by the Assam police in Mukroh. step 22nd of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: FKJGP Laitlyngkot Circle on 30th June 2017 under the leadership of Bah Edarland Kharbudon, President FKJGP Laitlyngkot Circle. Donald Kharkongor, Vice President FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle has met with the Chief Engineer (Distribution) of MEECl Bah KN War to discuss these issues of the people and urged the MEECl to improve the services. to extend the fire extinguishing hours, because the Seng does not have any objection regarding the extinguishing hours, but only against the hours of fire extinguishing. This is because it affects the people of Nong Shong Shnong.
“We understand that it is necessary to test the people who come to the state to curb the spread of the disease in the state but if it is possible the government should find ways and means. “I don't want to be harassed by the drivers of jhur trucks,” he said.
The values ​​of human life require equal respect, proclamation and respect.
Know that even the best decision will fail when it takes too long, especially when the implementation is wrong. .
I have already spoken to the BJP leaders of the BJP Meghalaya Unit and they all have the same wish.
“We hope that in 2023 we will reap the fruits of victory, through the hard work of our party workers,” said Bah Nongsiej.
The death toll in the state has risen to 44 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths to 479, the number of new cases to 1,800 and the total number of cases to 46,0
The fish market was inaugurated by the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah WMS Pariat.
He also thanked God for sending Thomas Jones from Wales to visit the Khasi Hills until he was able to get his own characters because if he reads and writes in Bengali characters he knows what will happen to the nation. .
When he comes home from work, he should not run like a horse with a slingshot.
“However, until I get the right for my brother, I don't want to meet the Prime Minister or the Minister or anyone else even if there is a desire on their part,” he said.
The Bhutanese drivers were not only banned from entering Meghalaya, but some of the drivers were arrested by the police in the area.
He also asked if their appearance to contest from the VPP party is late, whether 50 years is not too late we have not received a single law to protect our heritage.
At the same time, the union urges the traders to believe this order of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and approved by the District Council to avoid lodging a complaint with the Syiem or the police.
That's it, but the question here is whether if there are 19 lakh people in Assam, is it possible that there are not even 40, 20 or 100,000 in Meghalaya and Ri Khasi? Our Jaintia and this is a very important question.
Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Afghanistan are the other countries in the other group that have qualified for the tournament.
As he stood there, the artist offered him a reward for his work.
In this regard, he also gave some instructions to the residents to stop leaving their homes during heavy rain and snow, except for emergency work, think in the squares, trai wood and silver in the time of the thunder, seek refuge inside the house and in the strongholds.
In the past few days, Rupang has written about a 19-year-old boy, Holei Binan, from Wahumlein, Pynursla.
The Moderator of the programme, Dr. BR Suchiang, Assistant Professor, Department of Botany, spoke on the importance and implementation of MOOCs under the SWAYAM framework and on the steps taken by the college to provide explanations on the importance of MOOCs. programs of MOOCs and ABC that will promote knowledge among teachers to use technological technologies in educational courses.
The next match will be between Rymbai Wahshnong SC and Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC at 2 pm.
At present, due to the lack of science and commerce departments in these government colleges, thousands of students from rural areas have had to come to Tura to attend classes at Tura Govt College and Don Bosco College.
Not only that, but many times people who have been drinking every day when they don't have enough money to buy alcohol start demanding from their parents or spouses.
In the hour of discussion, the majority of the people, without any hesitation, decided to give their full support to Rio Sten as the candidate of the NPP party for the 12th constituency. -Barato-Mukroh Constituency, with the understanding of all the residents.
Jowai, November 22: U Vincent H Pala, MP, Lok Sabha, on Tuesday inaugurated the NEIMA (North East India Mission Association) Boys' Shelter at Sahsniang in the presence of the MLA of Mowkaiaw, Mowkaiaw. Robinus Sykon, MLA of Shangpung, Coming Ymbon and MDC of Mowkaiaw, Wining Sungoh.
On the other hand, Dr.P.Shylla, incharge of Jowai Blood Center, thanked all the donors who have supported us from time to time for the anniversary of the Blood Bank Center Jowai. Running.
He said that the main purpose of holding this tournament is to promote football in the constituency and also to free the youth from getting involved in any illegal activities that are not related to the football. community.
Earlier, it was also arranged that one of them will be appointed as EM while the other will be appointed as Dy.Chairman.
The situation on the Assam-Meghalaya border has been peaceful except for some clashes which the district authorities and the government have been able to resolve immediately.
Therefore, as the Symbut Minister of State, Bah Prestone Tynsong urged the people and especially the youth and women to stand on their own feet and not just rely on the government, because The Government has introduced many government schemes to empower the youth and Longkmie so that they can stand on their own feet by doing their own jobs through the support of the State Government. .
“Our party is a party of action and as Modi said we will build a new India, we have worked to build this new India, we did not come only during the elections, to promise and to stay away after the elections and to repeat the promises when the elections come,” he said.
Those present included Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister, Hamlet Dohling, Minister of State, Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA, Jason Mawlong MLA, George B Lyngdoh MLA and others.
Shillong, July 26: Four traders from Assam have been rescued by police from the hands of the United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA) and one ULFA cadre was killed in a gunfight. 15 minutes on Friday at Darekgre, near Rongmasugre, West Garo Hills.
Congress Legislative Party (CLP) Leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the allegation by BJP MLA from South Shillong Sanbor Shullai that Shillong MP Vincent H Palat Spending time in Parliament is unfounded and empty.
Although the NGT has allowed the transportation of the coal, it is surprising that the government has not yet built the bridges.
“Who else is going to buy that chicken?” asked the mother.
The Seng also said that the Meghalaya government has no right to fight because it has been sold to Assam, this will surely endanger our state.
Police are still working hard to eradicate this drug trafficking in West Jaintia Hills.
He also stressed that there is nothing wrong with being friends with anyone, giving the example of Mary Magdalene, who was accused of being a prostitute but was accepted by Jesus Christ.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 24 : An elderly man named Dominik Marweiñ, resident of Proiñ village in Mawshynrut Block, has been arrested for allegedly claiming to be able to get a government job. Sunday Rimait said that he also received 20,000 tyngka.
For those of you who don’t understand about the value of music and the struggles of composers I want to tell you an example.
“The Central Government can implement the UCC in other states, but here in the state it will have to stop first because there are strong grounds to stand against the UCC,” said the Dy CEM. On the opposite side, Bah TW Chyne said that the opposition supports the resolution to strongly oppose the Uniform Civil Code, as it will affect and destroy the customs and traditions of the people from the marriage. and inheritance and freedom of belief.
Maliwal also said her clothes were torn off and she sustained serious injuries to her head and leg.
The new office bearers of the HYC Umden Circle were sworn in by Rhembor Saibon.
We request the Government of Meghalaya to be vigilant against the smuggling of Muslims and other foreigners to bring covid 19 into our state.
While 'Main bad Iktiar' refers to the human being who has reached the end of manhood, not one who has been born or has a tmaiñ, but one who has power, morality and dignity, a good human being. the male spirit that makes you.
“Therefore, let us wait for the coal mining in the state to be implemented because the coal mining method has been banned by the SC. The coal here in Meghalaya is located at a depth of 300-400 feet lane. inside the shyiap or the stone or in the lowest place.
Jowai, July 17: The AJYWO on Tuesday said that the Excise Department in East Jaintia Hills District is a dead department and does not work at all because it cannot curb the spread of illegal liquor shops and AJYWO President Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO, said that the sale of kiad in EJHD has led to various crimes which have affected the dignity and peace of EJHD. The illegal liquor shops along the NH 44 from Tuber Shoh Shrieh to Mynkre and so on show that the Excise Department in EJHD is not working and is dead.
Shillong: The MDC elections for the KHADC and JHADC will be held on the 27th of this month.
At present, it is understood that the attraction of clubs from Saudi Arabia has been very strong especially to prominent players from Europe and other countries of the world, whether it may be from the problem with money.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, while inspecting the testing centers set up at Police Bazar, Iewduh and Anjalee areas.
He also urged everyone to take responsibility for making Meghalaya the best state in terms of education.
Meanwhile, the men's recurve team did not reach the medal goal.
The armed groups also released two robbers who were arrested last month and were inside the vehicle on that day.
The purpose of the Swachh Bharat campaign is to raise awareness among the students and residents on the importance of cleanliness as led by Mahatma Gandhi. the surroundings of the college.
“He said that the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that there are political parties who are against the signboard, because they want to erect from Sylhet is wrong because there is no opposition to the signboard but it is They want to dig from zero point, if they dig from zero point it will be a blessing and if they dig up to 150 yards it will destroy the residents of the area.
For more information: +918794868529, +9
The village authorities and Waheh Shnong Ma Womly Chyrmang have forced the village authorities and Waheh Shnong Ma Womly Chyrmang to temporarily suspend the construction of the factory until the matter can be resolved, so that it will not affect the environment. .
It is to be recalled that the 36 hour curfew was called as part of a sign to show the government about the shortcomings of its working methods as the government has not yet been able to clean up all the garbage left in the area. Jowai after the DS has given three days to the Deputy Commissioner to take the necessary action.
They turned the house as they pleased.
The disposal of garbage inside the market places without detection will cause forty kinds of diseases.
The KSU leader said that as soon as the KSU received a complaint from the villagers, they came down to talk to the villagers. , that the MLA from Assam, has taken away many of the land in the village and what angered the KSU, is after they learned that the MLA, has sent to remove the signboard of Pillingkata Secondary School, which was built in
The office will be open daily from 10 am to 5 pm and will also have a Help Desk.
The Prime Minister spoke about the launch of the Ideas Portal on Viskit Bharat and informed that comments can be submitted on four topics.
We want to be young candidates," Passah said.
Nongstoin: St Peter's HS School Nongstoin has announced that it will be temporarily closed due to the presence of COVID-1 .
Shillong: BSF troops of 43 Bn, in collaboration with Meghalaya Police, have seized two trucks containing kwai supari worth T.40 lakh from the border of Meghalaya. in South Garo Hills.
For this purpose, information will be sent to all candidates on their mobile numbers with the Commission.
However, he said that it is useless if we have such things if we don't use them.
“It is surprising why the Congress which leads the government is a spectator of this incident,” said the UDP Shillong City.
Therefore, if we cannot achieve a full victory, it will be another turning point for the opposition in the Legislative Assembly until those who have already lost their reputation in the world in the past will be defeated.
Shillong: There have been 60 new cases of coronavirus in Shillong today.
In the petition, the three organizations expressed their deep sorrow and concern for the minority community of Meghalaya for the failure of the government and the District authorities to implement the District Task Force. and to set up gates below Ratacherra village for the implementation of the government's decision to curb the illegal entry of foreigners especially from Bangladesh.
During this month there are many preparations for many activities – writings, prayers, especially Christmas and New Year. Bah Bok has 5 employees and they work in their own fields. he was blessed.
Ed through NIOS".
The District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District has announced that it will resume the Grassroot Football Center in West Jaintia Hills District from 1st November
“The lack of action by the relevant authorities has allowed the development of drug trafficking and in the surrounding areas theft and robbery. “I don't know except the employees and the families who work in the Shillong Municipal Board,” he said.
According to the notification issued on 15.01.2016 by the Environment (Protection) Act 1986, no permit is required to start mining coal in any place.
“I will meet the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma to discuss this issue, as the construction of government houses or offices on the land of other states has caused problems. "It's a good idea to have a clean slate," he said.
On the part of the Waheh Shnong Kyndongtuber, in his short speech before the distribution of clothes, he welcomed the staff of the Ashram and expressed his gratitude to the Secretary Maharaj, Babu Manbha Lyngdoh and other staff. of the Ashram as this is the second time that they have come to extend helping hands to the poor families in this village.
The Khasi and Jaintia were given 40% and the Garo 40% and started working since the independence of Meghalaya.
He said that the Conrad government, just because they are still happy to fight for their honeymoon, they are listening to what the BJP is doing. The Central Government has issued a notice, listened to them and allowed them to operate in this state.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, MLA, Mawphlang Constituency as the chief guest, Pranjit Bhagabati, Deputy Director SAI RC Guwahati; School, Mr. Donbok Lyngdoh Karate Coach SAI, Mrs. D.Kharkongor.
Justice Pant became an Additional Judge of the Uttarakhand High Court in July 2004 and a Full Judge in June
Meanwhile, Mizoram beat Manipur 1-0 at the MFA Turf Polo Ground in the second leg of Group
“We too have already known and we don't sit there or act foolishly when we decide the price,” he said.
Their future, and their future inheritance, will be according to their choice and decision.
Many of his books are entitled, Ka Rihun, Don't Judge Others, When God Hates You, U Khulom Ksiar (Khasi Poetry).
“The MLA also said that there is anger among the people over the increase in the annual tuition fees, as the school authorities have not explained clearly the reason for the increase in school fees.
Shillong, Nailur 4: Customers of the State Bank of India (SBI) will now be able not only to withdraw money from ATMs but also to deposit money using e-corner.
Now you don't need a civic sense anymore and you don't have a side of the crowd.
Shillong, July 17: The State Youth Wing of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday criticized the Chief Minister of Meghalaya for using helicopters to attend various programmes. to open the foundation stone or attend party programmes.
Laloo said that the foreigner had lodged a complaint but both sides had agreed to drop the complaint on 10th June at Ladrymbai Beat House but due to lack of OC, they completed it on 11th June. .
East Khasi Hills Police have arrested a leader of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on charges of illegal driving of trucks carrying goods over the border at a cost of T.1500 per truck.
Albert used to threaten them when they went to ask him for the money they had been defrauded of.
And now the intention of the Modi government is to change the name of the country as a whole.
Bah S.Syiemlieh from the Life Care Foundation, spoke on the purpose and work of the Life Care Foundation and requested the participants to explain to others about the existence of the Life Care Foundation. office and the facilities already in it.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 15: Many villages in the border areas still have to walk to and from the area due to the lack of roads.
He said that if there is such corruption, only the people can judge, not the BJP or any party in the MDA; When asked whether this is not a stingy take on the issue of corruption, he said yes, the BJP party does not agree and does not tolerate corruption.
“Now I have ordered that the Residential Certificate of foreign drivers should be taken to prove where they come from and where they live as proof,” he added.
According to the complaint, Basaïawmoit said that Don Sumer, who is also a member of the National People's Party (NPP), during an election campaign, accused him of misappropriating money. while he (Basaïawmoit) was the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Speaking at the meeting to honor the establishment of the Civil Sub Division, he said that the state government had decided earlier. Pynursla Civil Sub Division was opened before 2013, but due to the opening of 4 Districts in 2011, there is a concern that it will not affect the budget. of the State government.
Also for the administration of the work within the Council and to ensure strict compliance with the Rules, Acts, Procedures, Policies of the Council by each Department and to improve the ability to implement effectively. and to protect the Council from incidents of fraud and misappropriation of property, we have set up an Internal Audit Section for the year 2023-2
The new office bearers are as follows: President : Samla Wanteiboklang Hadia • Vice-President : Samla Fricky Marwein • General Secretary : Samla Riphaidien Dhar • Asst.General Secretary : Samla Kairang Malngiang• Asst.Publicity Secretary : Samla Bashan Kur Buhroy• Socio-cultural Secretary : Samla Maida Ohi Dkhar• Asst.Socio-cultural Secretary : Samla Toniho Kharsati• Organizing Secretary : Samla Balaplielad Blah• Asst.Organising Secretary : Samla Annievia Ksoo• Johnanceny Suchiang Secretary : Samla Annievia Ksoo• Johnanceny Suchiang Secretary • Asst.Finance Secretary : Samla Dines Dkhar.
Guwahati: Manipur Chief Minister N Biren Singh has apologized to the family of Athuan Abonmai following the outrage over the killing of a Naga leader.
“Troops of the Radhanagar Battalion of Agartala in collaboration with the Inspector General Assam Rifles (East) today arrested a man from Ambassa, Dhalai district of Tripura and arrested him. and seized 498 kilos of marijuana worth T.2 from the accused,” said the statement.
The man was first found by the residents lying lyngtar near his motorcycle this morning.
“Who has deprived a Khasi of the opportunity to become Prime Minister? Isn't it the two MLAs from Mawthadraishan and Mawshynrut?
The Dorbar of Skhem Rympei Tynrai strongly condemns the speech of Bah HS Shylla who used to turn his head around,” said the statement. abuse their action.
The vehicles were identified as AS01DD-4135 belonging to Sbun Siangshai of Wapungskur, AS01DD-0098 belonging to Kermiki Shylla of Khliehtyrshi and AS01BC-3478 belonging to Naresh. Chettri of Umsning, Ribhoi and the truck AS01EC-0717 were driven by Raliang of Moodymmai village.
We don't know what will happen next, there may be many explainers or tellers but let us trust in the Lord because He is the one who is pulling our lives and our Savior as He has promised to be with us from day to day. Let us trust and trust only in Him without turning away because He has promised and said that we should not be anxious about what we will eat or drink because the Father knows better than even the birds of the house that do not work. how much more shall we, who are his precious creatures!
Through the victory of Phang Nein, it is believed that the income will be sufficient, the crops will be good and they will have good health without any disaster.
Participants must verify their age with Adhaar or Birth Certificate.
Net Ram was Secretary during Mayawati's tenure as Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh in 2002-03 and held various government positions as one of the senior state government officials in Uttar Pradesh. Province.
Besides Lammat-oo, Soolangki D. Laloo was elected as the General Secretary, Assistant Waheh Shnong – Daïolang Pakma, Joint Secretary – Tremiki Lywait, I/C Fete Committee. Treasurer – Ma Chanmitre Shullai.
“Now the State Governments and the citizens of Assam and Meghalaya have not only discussed the issue but also the ways to resolve the issue,” he said. one day we shall finish the judgment in the remaining seven places.
Kerala: Up to 15 Islamic State militants have left Sri Lanka by boat for Lakshwadeep, Kerala intelligence agencies said.
He was selected because he is one of the young people who will look after the development especially in the eastern part of India.
“We need to bring about clean governance in GHADC and we have to ensure that there should be no corruption in this area,” said Mawthoh.
India's economy has also received a boost through the repatriation of antiquities.
Mawkyrwat, 'Naiwieng 14: As a sign of continuing the protest and to express the dissatisfaction with the response of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on the demands of the ASHAs, ASHAs of the ASHA Association (ASHA) have held a mass march in South West Khasi Hills District.
It is for this reason that this work has also been stalled for some time.
(Kamut was the 7th king and he was the 8th king).
On the other hand, police said that it was not an incident of murder or any other reason but it was just because they went to bury in a private place.
In Babylon by the river of Babylon the Jews sat down and wept because they remembered Zion (Jerusalem).
According to the residents of the village, these electricity posts have been installed in the walking areas of the residents and at the same time it is also a place where children play shait.
Fortunately, you don't have to worry about anything that happened to you.
Youths who are over 17 years of age are also encouraged to register in advance and the Commission will register them as voters as soon as they turn 18 years of age.
However, when those who have been investigated, arrested and imprisoned join the BJP, the allegations and corruption investigations against them disappear.
These four trucks carrying illegal cattle were seized by the troops at Jingkieng Sonapur during a search operation.
“At the same time, Nongmukroh was born.
My relationship with the NPP became stronger with the late Purno A Sangma, who was a teacher and who was always behind my political achievements.
According to fellow soldiers, 'those who give birth, however, are often questioned in many ways and insulted and insulted by their superiors and even by their colleagues'
At this meeting, it was decided that the union together with the SE of PWD (Rd) will visit the Jowai by-pass road in Mihmyntdu area to inspect the land. this is the river.
Nongpoh, Nailur 29: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that the 154th Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi is celebrated every year on the 2nd of March. He announced that this day will be the day of drug ban in RI Bhoi District.
We don't know how long this synrop group will work in Meghalaya – which parties will not nominate candidates and who will nominate as joint candidates.
This slave left behind her only daughter.
Jowai, Lber 15 : The District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai today (15th October, 2023) as part of the celebration of International Women's Day ) has organized a women's 100m freestyle rugby tournament at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
In the match between Ummulong and Umshangiar, Umshangiar batted first and scored 104 runs in 20 overs for the loss of eight wickets.
“With the arrest of u (I Love You), the children of the village have felt peace of mind.
Pala said that this is one of the signs that he has decided to return to politics in the state so that he can help the people.
East Garo Hills managed to score 89 runs in 32 overs for the loss of all wickets.
Entrance fees to all tourist attractions should be increased.
“Assam has recently brought electricity and water to nine villages in this Hima and it is clear that Assam has violated the order of the High Court last year,” said the Secretary of Nongspung Hima. Speaking to reporters, Bah Michael Warjri.
The government has done its best although it takes years to complete even one small project.
Regarding the return, the government will not be able to transport them, but they will have to come by train or plane and that will be when the central government has released the trains or airports to operate. you're gone.
And he said unto them, Go into the village over against you; and straightway ye shall find an ass tied, whereon no man ever sat: loose him, and bring him hither.
John 15:5 ' I am the vine, ye are the branches.
“In the success of the Chandrayaan-3 lunar mission, our women scientists, the Nari Shakti of the country have played a major role,” he said.
Three states that perform best in this regard will receive awards in different categories and zones.
On the Congress' allegation that there is a lot of money collection from trucks, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said there is no need to listen or answer the unfounded allegations.
“After 32 years, they knew I was somewhere and so they came to meet me to sign a letter to close the account,” Modi said. MLA in Gujarat, that he will receive his salary and thus, he has to open a new account.
Minister of Sports Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister Hamlet Dohling, Minister C&RD and John F Kharshiing, Working President, Meghalaya State Olympic Association congratulated him on his success.
Noting that Bah Pala is a good man, the NPP leader said, “However, it is sad that he is still stuck in a poor family.
Even after our school has been destroyed by the Assam Police, we find that the state government has not taken any action. “It's a good idea,” said Bah K.Muktieh.
However, if the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo are together, it will be 40 to 40 percent and this will bring loss to the nation because many Garo live in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills while there are no Khasi living in the country. Garo, that means Garo in the districts of Garo Hills will get 80% reservation while we here with Khasi and Garo even if it is in Khasi Hills the reservation for us will be 40%,” he said. said.
He said that during the meeting with the Prime Minister, the CEM of JHADC and MLA of Jowai informed the media that the Prime Minister has promised to release about Rs 30 crore to the JHADC. However, the JHADC has not received any allocation from the State Government and has not been able to pay the salaries of the employees.
In the past, that area (Sweeper's Lane) was not the Ri Raid but the Rikynti which means the private land of the Kur.
There are no government hospitals, no government schools.
It was also alleged that the entry of KSU members and leaders into the CEM's room was illegal as they did not receive any authority from any authority of the JHADC especially from the CEM. A group of KSU members and leaders led by Nang-ai Sutnga and Justice Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday entered the CEM's room to meet him to demand the change of name of the police station. which is planned to be located in Lakadong, East Jaintia Hills.
Pala said Christians in other states of India are living in despair and suffering due to violence.
By looking at the change in performance in key indicators since 2015-16, this report paints a broad picture of India’s socio-economic development.
In addition, there should be two or three ventilators near the foot of one or two wells.
Those who violate this order will be punished under the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and Section 188 of IPC. , this year's Shad Suk Mynsiem celebration which was held on the 10th, 11th and 12th June, 2021 at Weiking Shad Stadium, Jaiaw, Shillong was a success. , without complying with the rules and regulations laid down by the Government.
In the Under-17 category, Ladthadlaboh SC beat FAM 2-0. Chanmi Phawa 51' and Fourly Phawa 57' scored the second goal for Ladthadlaboh SC.
The power and status of the Bakhraw and the children of the Hajar of the Khasi Hima during the British rule declined steadily.
When we look at Ngaland, which does not border with Bangladesh, the presence of Mynder and their control over the trade has become increasingly dependent on immigrants. They cannot decide politics like in Assam.
Jowai, Nailar 12: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have arrested nine coal trucks in violation of the NGT order in the past two days.
The Government needs to think carefully before taking a decision because the curfew has affected the poor people who need to go to Shillong to get medicine. ka met... And one of those who work in private jobs Who will pay them to live without food without money? Most of them are teachers who teach in private schools. Who will pay their salaries? to take antibiotics Only enter the state and close only big markets, use facemast and social distancing and close commercial vehicles first I think it is enough to open the lockdown so that the rest of the people can do their jobs If you don't have the money to open the markets, you don't have the money. Please protect the markets and close the markets. Use facemast and social distancing. I think it is enough to open the lockdown so that the rest of the public can complete their work.
Speaking to reporters, HSPDP Leader KP Pangniang said that at present there is no urgent demand for the CEM to step down and the time to step down if necessary will be done on time. which is enough.
This is the age of technology or the use of machines and equipment of various kinds and also the age of computers.
“As citizens of the same ethnic group, we want to be with Meghalaya, and we request the two Prime Ministers to allow us to be with Meghalaya.
After the incident, the police from Ukhrul area and the army from the district rushed to the scene to collect information and also to start investigations. investigation to arrest the suspects involved in the crime.
The remaining seven candidates are Lamphrang Blah of the Congress (Mawphlang MDC), Victor Rani (Jirang MDC), Jansing Tynsong MDC Lyngkyrdem and Ricky Shullai MDC's NCP candidate.
On 11/08/2019 at 10:00 AM, the Secretary VDP received a phone call from the OC Incharge of Saipung Police Station regarding this incident. I received a phone call at 6:00 PM because on Sunday Mynthlu Church is still having a service at Mulait Church and after 6:00 or 7:00 PM I received a phone call from OC Saipung who said that The 4 persons who shot and bombed (L) Sonarois on the morning of 12/08/2019 should be brought in. We as the village have fought to arrest all these persons.
According to a statement issued by Bah A Dohling, the robbers robbed the headquarters of the party on the night of 25th November.
If the village is to be led by skilled people, a tourist spot should be built even in the area where the sword of Syiem Latympang falls so that the Synod paid or tourists can visit it in their spare time.
“The mother of the child is like a child inside the vehicle,” said Sordar Phren.
The Office of the Syiem of Nongstoin will take strict action against these factories and the HYC said that these factories have violated the Rule 8 sub rule 3 (a) of the Administration of Nongstoin Rule, Foreigners are allowed to work within the Hima Nongstoin.
The AJCA said that the Open to All Cricket League has certain rules that teams must follow.
Our North East has only about 25 MPs in Parliament.
On the other hand, the residents of the area have complained not only to the PWD officials in Jaintia Hills, but also to the PWD Minister of the state government since the time of MM Danggo.
Earlier, the Minister of State for Forests, Clement Marak, said that the Meghalaya High Court has banned the mining of shyiap in the state from the use of tar equipment but it is only allowed to mine in the old way. man.
“We have decided today with the Dorbar Shnongs that we will hold a meeting next month and soon we will return to this place to announce the Mission Mode Programme,” he said. shud the Prime Minister.
( SDPRO, River ).
I feel that we can win this fight against HIV only if we get a proper ART Centre.
Nongpoh: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of KHNAM from North Shillong, on Tuesday said that the government has delayed the construction of the Entry Point. The Entry Point has led to an increase in the number of foreigners in the state.
The Head of Ri Bhoi District, said that the District authorities have taken action to curb those people who come from outside the state and at the same time she has urged such people People should not test themselves or register themselves through the online website of the Government of MeghalayaOnline.
One of the mothers who died of Covid-19 was identified as FullMai Dhar, 37, resident of Nartiang.
The club also encourages all the players who have an interest in playing football to come and take part in this trial.
While the Govt.
The Managing Director of the Blind Lead Trust (BLT), Bah Jitendra Dkhar, said that the candidates who will contest the Lok Sabha elections do not take into account the issues of people with disabilities.
Shillong: On November 30, 2021, Musniang Rim Village, East Jaintia Hills District, celebrated the 159th death anniversary of U Kiang Nangbah.
The lawyer also submitted several reports, known as Citizen Reports, to show that coal mining should no longer be allowed in Meghalaya for many reasons. here’s the Citizen Report.
Another Congress leader is Bah Donevan Kharwanlang, former Congress MDC from Sohra.
These can wash away the impurities that can stick to the skin.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has clarified that it has nothing to do with the resignation of Balen Thubru and Kyrshan Dkhar from the post of president of the All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA). former secretary.
They plant all kinds of crops and harvest the umsyep but when it comes time to harvest rice, sying and harvest sohsaw or kubi and other vegetables, the farmers don't get the right price. they deserve it.
The party leader also questioned whether the laying of the foundation stone was only for the sake of the election issue.
The Minister said that the state government has taken measures to improve the livelihood of farmers and has set up 46 kwai improvement centers in 21 blocks in 10 districts at a cost of Rs. Rs.10.06 crore.
Under the Aspirational District Programme, I am pleased to announce that Ri Bhoi District has achieved the fourth position in the Delta Ranking of all Aspirational Districts in the country in June
According to him, this step will be in collaboration with the village authorities because in the end the garbage from the village will be carried only to the RRC. The CEM said that like in Marten, the villages which are three or four kilometers away are still experiencing the floods but in these RRCs there will be no floods.
However, as farmers, we have misused the name in the duplicate farmers.
However, one thing we can mention here is that we are very happy that we have got the whole State and we have forgotten the Boundary of our State.
“We demand that Tymmenbasan Khrang Lyngkhoi and Pastor GS Lyttan should be removed because they are the same people who have been on the committee since the beginning,” said Kong Umwi in the presence of other staff of the hospital. .
Despite the absence of these players, Lajong remain a strong team with the return of Brazil midfielder Renan Paulino De Souza after being suspended due to injury. four yellow cards in the previous fixtures.
“The noise was so loud that even the house was shaken.
Shillong: Mylliem has won the 3rd Division of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) tournament on Saturday.
Shillong, Nailur, 06: A group of contract workers under the Ri Bhoi Progressive Workers Union (RBPWU) on Tuesday demanded that the State Government should implement the The provisions of the Meghalaya Regular Casual Workers Scheme
The incident occurred early in the morning inside the forest at Sohlaitthymmai Village in Ri Bhoi District. The cause of the collapse is unknown. They were involved in the fire.
Furthermore, the MSPCB has received 51 letters written by many organizations in support of the company.
On the same day, the youngster from Graham's Academy, won and came third in another race and won the bronze medal.
Regarding this road, Bah Borning Nongbsap, Asst Finance Secretary of RBYF Sengkmie, said that this road is very important in the area and the contractor has not completed this small part. and the people were troubled.
In fact, he should have ordered the CBI, Enforcement Directorate and others to investigate into the corruption in Meghalaya.
The PDF has won four MLAs since its inception in 2017 including Hamlet Dohling, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Gavin Mylliem and Jason Mawlong.
Some of the other innovations of the KHCF of KHADC to beautify the village is the construction of a bridge made of silver to connect from one viewing point to another. it is going on now.
“At this time, I would like to appeal to the people not to worry when such incidents happen because the Government will inform the residents and don't let us be misled by the hamsaïa.
The MHRC has taken action on a report in an English newspaper in which RP Agarwal, DGP, said that there are now 460 prisoners in Shillong Jail, which is too much. Preparations are underway for the completion of the prison in Nongstoin, which will accommodate about 100 or 200 prisoners. Agarwal said the land at Mawdiangdiang, which was used for the prison, has also been handed over to host the National Games in
The committee has decided that for the benefit of the teams playing in the Shillong Premier League and will also be for the benefit of other clubs playing in different divisions after their tournament. you're done.
Organizers of fish farms, whether Individuals/Groups/Associations/etc., should ensure that they dispose of plastic waste properly, in adequate cleaning and outdoor facilities. , to prohibit the sale of kyiad and khalai at the venue of the fish competition and to provide medicines in case of illness.
The newly appointed Chief Minister, who took over from Nitish Kumar, said he was pleased with the support of the Rashtriya Janata Dal.
He is the son of Drissila Kharkongngor and Bodri Khyriemmujat.
“We wish him a healthy body for the rest of his life,” said the party.
During the investigation, the three suspects revealed that they had bought the drugs from a man from Hamren in West Karbi Anglong District, Assam.
Shillong, March 20 : The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya has launched a 'Swachhata Hi Seva' campaign to promote the importance of maintaining cleanliness in everyday life. The two-day Swachhata Pakhwada, which started from 15th November 2013 to Monday, is also the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Names of 23 players for the SAFF U16 Championship 2023: Goalkeepers: Rohit, Aheibam Suraj Singh & Arush Hari.
The time has come for the jaidbynriew whether it is those in power, the Sengbhalang, the intellectuals, the intellectuals or the people of the jaidbynriew to start fighting on this issue.
The Government has to respond otherwise the announcement of these missions to the farmers is just a deception to the people.
So far, 210 people have received cash and loan assistance.
They were relieved of the rainy season.
Shillong Lajong, who are the last of the season, beat Pyndengrei 3-0 in the first leg of the MDSA Stadium in Mawkyrwat. Shano Tariang scored in the 12th and 57th minutes and Sambor Kharsahnoh in the 89th minute.
It is understood that if the government does not listen after the rally, the teachers will take more protest measures.
He served as an assistant parish priest in Ummulong Parish.
Even though I have been the Lyngdoh Sad, I have never had any hesitation to help us in bringing us to the stages of the programmes.
When Jesus went to pray in Gethsemane, his disciples were asleep, unable to stay with him, until Jesus said to them, “Woe! couldest not thou watch one hour with me? Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation.
Kangana Ranaut has continued to criticize the Shiv Sena and today criticized the party for changing its name from the Shiv Sena to the Sonia Sena.
The peoples of this eastern region have always respected the freedom of choice of religion and other customs, and have not interfered with the way of life of others in different parts of the world. in India.
They also congratulated the health department, police, District Administration, MeECL, and all the government departments and private individuals who have worked hard to prevent the spread of the disease. spread of Covid-1
In a letter sent to the President of the MPCC, Bah Goldenstar Nonglong, he said that after the meeting held on 24th July 2023 at the party headquarters in Shillong, , to support the NPP party in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), he said, because his personal principles do not match, so with deep sorrow he has decided to leave the party. He has also resigned from all positions held in the party from today from being a member of the unit, as party secretary and other party offices.
“This shows the love and dedication of your community,” he said and urged them to continue such meetings and to be at the forefront of protecting their identity. Koch so that the precious heritage of the ancient teachings, beliefs, customs and traditions can be preserved so that they can strengthen the unity and pride for the country.
Shillong, July 12: The Association of Casual Employees of MeECL in a statement issued by Bah A.Wahlang, MeECL Casual Employees Association, has announced that the Association will hold its public meeting on the 15th of this month. This month at Jaiaw Lympyllon Community Hall at 11 am.
The examination of the documents will be held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall from July 30 to November 1, he said.
The reason for the ban is that in the past few months up to 15 pigs have died and this is suspected to be African Swine Fever.
The group of employees of GHADC has demanded that the state government and GHADC should pay them 12 months out of 34 months salary in the new salary according to the Meghalaya Fifth Pay Commission. The EC will be approved by the NPP in April
A scientist who has been closely following the spread of the coronavirus in Wuhan said the disease could also spread to animals, including mice, cows and other species.
On behalf of the team of the film EHRANG we invite you all the fans to come and support us once again at Biju Cinema Hall Shillong For this new film.
We have asked all the shops but no one has seen us,” said the sister of Phibankyntiew.
The Head Office said that it will take immediate action on this issue as the Bank Depositors of the Branch have stood up to demand for the needs as it should be.
In this meeting with the DC, he explained that the reason for the delay in the construction of the Entry Exit Points in Ratacherra is because they are still waiting for the NOC from the JHADC. We have written to the District Council and once we receive the NOC, the construction of this gate will start,” said Bah Kharmalki.
Noting that various projects have their own deadlines, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “I will try to do my best in the coming days to complete projects on schedule.
It is time for the government to take a decision and not to listen so that the people can understand whether they will get what they demand.
Earlier today, WKH had won 2 matches while NGH had won 3 matches, so WKH still needs to win one more match to qualify for the tournament.
Sabahmuswang beat Catholic Youth 2-1 while FAM beat PSA 3-1 in the semifinal at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai on Monday.
Manipur won 88 gold, 75 silver and 77 bronze medals while Assam came second with 79 gold and 61 bronze medals. silver medals and 63 bronze medals.
During the search of the vehicle, police recovered 926.40 grams of heroin packed in 74 soap boxes.
Jowai, November 20: It will be of great benefit to those young and old who have the talent to make Khasi Pnar films in the state because of the first school in the field of filmmaking. The film institute (FIM) was established in Jowai.
We are confident that many people, especially the leaders, office bearers, members of this party and perhaps many of the survivors, the riewsatar who have stood up for the Hill State struggle, will take part in this. 1968, 1969, 1970 and 1971 and those who carried the flag were beaten and imprisoned.
The elections to the Legislative Assembly of the State in 2023 have been very interesting in which the leaders of various political parties in the State have been invited to confirm office bearers, form Units, Circles and visit the They also informed the people about the objectives of the parties to work for the welfare of the people of the state when the Government is formed after the elections.
On the other hand, the union demands that the Government through Chief Minister Conrad Konkal Sangma should immediately take action against this incident and that the Assam Government should release these village leaders.
Through small messages, consumers learn about illegal methods and problems and the opportunity to get help.
These two red cards have not helped DKSP Bangladesh even after they have scored only 10 goals, but they have not been able to turn the tide, because the players H.Elias HSS of DKSP Bangladesh have focused on themselves and blocked the attempts of DKSP Bangladesh.
It has eliminated about 75 out of 100 paperwork in Government departments.
This is not surprising as even the members of the MPSC have been appointed with connections with political parties.
“Nongrim, Mawdon, Nongshluid, and in the Bangladesh border area many villages have roads only during the rainy season.
Besides, after the destruction by the Indian government, the Bangladesh authorities have also come to own the fish farm and up to the border they have not been able to cultivate the fish farm while the military authorities have not taken over the fish farm. BSF Kim is not willing to do anything.
We find that the origin of his activities and teachings is no different from the teachings of Jesus!
He said that at present he cannot talk about the activities and issues of the HNLC because he has not been with the HNLC for a long time. “The problem of the illegal entry of mynder is at home and not from outside,” Dorphang said.
She also spoke on the importance of eating healthy foods in all aspects of human life to prevent diseases related to vitamin deficiency and anemia.
The Regional Committee should also stand firm on its recommendations to the government and should be able to force the government to accept them.
Bobby Lapang, Organizing Secy Ronald Ranee, Finance Secy.
There are 47 poor households in Mawshynrut Constituency and 5 households in Mawshynrut Constituency.
If you run away, you don't have to run away.
Jowai, Naiwieng 09: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at Nangbah Stadium. , Northeast Jowai.
The Minister told the MSOA officials that the government despite the many demands in the budget will create opportunities and do its utmost to support the sports associations recognized by the MSOA. A special committee is needed to meet every three months comprising the Sports Department, State Sports Council, and two or three MSOA leaders to discuss how to improve the sports industry especially as preparation for the National Games
Shillong: After a meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union today said that the Government is ready to terminate the social agreement with GVK. and the state.
Before leaving Shillong, the religious leader will visit the Sacred Heart Theological College in Mawlai and the Orients Theological College in Mawlai.
Will this population reach 40 lakh by the 2021 census? It cannot be said that the planting of synsar has brought a lot of money to those who planted it during the high prices. markets (blessings) but which makes many farmers sad in times of price decline (disaster).
The program was conducted by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah A.Nongbri.
But those plans have yet to go anywhere.
In a statement, VPP Spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh said that the VPP has taken this decision due to the silence and silence of the MDA-2 Government on the demand. The VPP has suspended all appointments in the State until the State Reservation Policy and Roster System has been reviewed by the Committees of Experts.
He said that the Rural Haat Management Committee has decided to allow the Photbaden SHG to set up a restaurant in this Haat as well as the Tynnai SHG and also to allow the farmers to set up a restaurant in this Haat. come and sell their goods in this market.
Thus, spelling out the Bible, being good at preaching, and observing church rules are of no value without the Holy Spirit.
The High Court has issued this order, in accordance with the order issued on 6-11-2015, in which it has decided that the parking bridges should be constructed. The Government has recognized that only these bridges will be able to carry freight vehicles and that these bridges will be completely adequate, where the employees who are responsible for collecting taxes, the employees Vehicle inspectors and parking inspectors and even parking lots should be available at these parking lots.
To be rich alone or poor alone is not freedom.
“All of us MLAs look at the books when we mention any of the laws of the House but Marak knows without looking at the books.
Police have also arrested another aide of Manish Pandey, Indrajeet.
There were 5232 Compartmental candidates, 2180 males and 3052 females.
In our culture there is respect for women unlike in other societies where the insult and abuse of women is very painful even to the point of affecting their own lives. .
Conrad also expressed the idea to support these groups with financial support so that they can purchase musical instruments.
Shillong, the former capital of Assam and the present capital of Meghalaya, was founded and designed by Babu Jeebon Roy.
These 17 cases include 10 cases from West Garo Hills, 5 cases from East Khasi Hills and 2 cases from West Jaintia Hills.
They also said that the PDF, which has been running for only 5 years, was established on the basis of looking after the problems of the people and not for the rich to play with their lives. the public has been involved in any social and development activity.
The Seng Samla Ïew Mawlong also urges those who wish to release fish in this river to release only local fish so that it will restore the beauty of this river.
Regarding the issue, the General Secretary of the KSU said that the KSU will meet with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to discuss the issue. this is the mat.
Furthermore, in 1862, a committee was formed to find the most suitable site for a center or city.
They also alleged that these activities are due to an old disease in Khasi Hills where as soon as they see that they are rising, they start to ring and fall inside.
It was a great knowledge of God and His Son Jesus Christ, that to those who received Him He would give power to become children of God.
The player became the most expensive player in England after signing a contract for £105 million ($137.5 million, 122.4 million euros).
He demanded that it should be sent to the Select Committee for consideration, not to decide before bringing it back to the House.
The decision is up to each and every member of the Jaitbynriew.
Speeches were also delivered by former President Bah HS Syiemlieh and others on the occasion.
Justice Katakey has decided to submit his ninth interim report during the hearing of the PIL relating to the illegal mining and trafficking of coal in the state.
The Sengkhasi Sohiong Pyllun has also said that in many discussions on this issue, it has sought ways and means how to get its own house.
“I think the Governor can send my name tomorrow or the next day because the state government has already sent it to the Governor's office in these days,” he said.
In the letter, he said that the government has failed to issue the challans on time and has not allowed to transport the coal that has already been mined and this is against the order of the Supreme Court.
NASA astronaut Steve Swanson said he used to drink the water of a Russian friend on the same spacecraft on the International Space Station in
The words that came out of it, for the youth, were that everyone has their own talents, the gifts that God has given them and that they should use what they have. without fear.
Hundreds of people from the elderly, women and children attended the dorbar.
JOWAI: A youth named Sonidawan Sayoo from Mynska village has disappeared while he was going to khwai on the 5th of this month.
On the same day, a meeting was held at the football ground of Seiñduli, which was conducted by Bah Kobarding Dkhar President of Shiliang Wahblei Zone. the speech of this candidate.
“We need the ILP, the Clan Bill and the Khasi Lineage Bill to protect us from the threat of the high paid.
Shillong, November 29 : UDP Leader and Minister in the MDA Government, Kyrmen Shylla, on Tuesday said that the UDP will be allowed to lead the government in 2023 and will show by its actions how it will serve the people.
At the same time, he urged the Self Help Groups to take advantage of the opportunity to register through these stalls for their own benefit and to increase their income by donating. They said that it is the SHGs that will promote the development of this area.
“If you feel it is not easy to talk in Meghalaya, we are ready to talk anywhere.
Assistant Sport Secretary: Neru Chyrmang 10.
Therefore, the Dorbar Public has been called to hold on 28/05/2022 on the Agenda decided by the EC, said Bah Jyrwa.
He added to the participants to make proper use of this kit, in order to produce sustainable and good meat, to be able to market at higher prices and to be a good example to the others are brothers.
My mother is a person who believes and trusts in Jesus, who is more powerful than she and others as well.
Speaking at the meeting held at the Hall of Lyngngam Presbyterian HSS, Tbn BK Laitflang Principal of the College congratulated the 23 first graduates of the College. “This day is your 23rd day and our presence here is because of your special day”.
“It's easy to fish, but they use bih pesticides until the fish die,” said Bah Nongrum.
INTERNET CONNECTION:— In these times online education is important because it brings many benefits to students, but these benefits are lost if the internet is not available.
“She has never been in the village and she is a woman who has married a Dkhar and lives in a coal mine only occasionally when she comes to the village,” said a source from Byndihati.
Through this tour, the MSKA team has won 5 medals for Meghalaya and now the team has won 70 gold, 47 silver and 68 bronze medals including in the year
"The invitation to talk to them is exactly like the call to talk to the owners of the land, but they are not the owners of the land.
Most of the time, the Assam police are the harassers of the Khasi Pnars living in the border areas for many reasons.
The reason why these parents and members of the HNYF, have closed down the Weight Bridge, is because they have been severely affected by the pum pum which has come out of the area. The residents near the Weight Bridge, especially the residents of Pahammawlein 20mer, have been shocked.
Specialist O/o DMHO, West Khasi Hills District, gave the welcome speech and concluded the programme.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has strongly opposed the claim of the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, that Mukroh village falls within the border of Assam.
“We strongly demand that the KHADC should take action against such people who violate the rules of the Council,” said the statement.
OH! So, wait a while.
“Thank you, now that Bah Let has been removed from the post of Rangbah Shnong, we will elect a new one.
They also admitted that when they went for check up, they just asked about the illness and gave them slips to buy from abroad.
Parents also suffer a lot and teachers as well.
Prince Harry will take part in Charles's coronation next month and Harry has already sent information to Buckingham Palace that he will attend the coronation. associated with this along with other members of the royal family.
The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) has said that the enactment of the CAB will allow the Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, Jain, Parsi and Christian communities from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan not to be considered foreigners and to grant citizenship to India.
Shillong: There have been 106 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 4 deaths.
The CFCL has demanded the UID Authority of India's figures from July 2009 to date.
Dr. Z Marak in his speech said that the lighting of the mombati is an example that these youths who have been trained to serve the people, should take responsibility not only for the give health, but to be a light for every citizen and in all aspects especially in everyday life.
Pommura managed to turn the tide in the second half through Apporlang Mawthoh in the 60th minute.
He said that according to the new National Education Policy, a B.Ed degree is required and therefore the government has decided to start BA & BCom courses by appointing teachers and staff at the College of Teacher Education, Tura.
But in reality, God wants man to live forever.
Shillong, November 23 : Shillong Lajong have taken three points from the I-League after beating Namdhari 3-0 in the first leg of the I-League on Saturday. Polo field on Saturday evening.
Richard Wahlang of Body Zoo Gym Shillong, Ioanis Sangma of Urban Kinetic Gym and Hamehun Passah of Flex Appeal Gym Jowai won the second prize. Amos Dkhar of Body Mass & Fitness Gym Panaliar Jowai and Daman Pohktai of Body Mass & Fitness Gym Shillong won the Men's Physique 5.5 category. Richard Wahlang of Zoo Gym Shillong, Lalrem Mawia A Sangma of Synergy Fitness Gym, Kitbok Shangpliang of Gen Fitness Gym, Viany Colas Khar Byngar of Elite Gym.
Two of Thabah's employees have been arrested from Mawlai, but their names have not been released at the time of writing.
Speaking to reporters at the office of the Dorbar Shnong, the Waheh Shnong said that after the end of the curfew at 6 pm, the DS immediately held a Dorbar meeting to discuss the issue. this work.
Jeremy Lalrinnunga, 19, from Mizoram; He won the gold medal in the weightlifting category in Birmingham today, 31st May
He died in prison in Dacca on 29 October 1843 as a true martyr.
!" Rida said, “Oh, that's right.
The residents especially the Kur Nongrum should be vigilant and stop this logging.
Through the inspection, the residents, including the Rangbah, Longkmie and also the Rangbah Shnong, said that this allegation by these people who have acted as former village leaders, is very wrong. and which is unfounded, because in fact, the Pung belongs to the VEC and has proper documents.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, President of RBTEDF, said that the incident happened on the 12th of this month.
However, the bridge has now started to collapse and even the coins have come out of the water.
Sadly, these Sordar Shnongs said that in these two villages there are more than 50 households and the population has reached more than 400 people.
wow you see aiu how.
He said that the cleaning of the damaged area will take about two months.
The officer, who will retire next year and has been in jail for three years, was charged with recruitment, but the Supreme Court has granted him bail in his case. last year.
The Jowai Village Council together with the District Tourism Officer, West Jaintia Hills District has invited to hold a New Year celebration on the 1st July
In this regard, Bah Lumlang Mawnai, Vice President of FKJGP, North Khasi Hills District, congratulated the DC of Ri Bhoi District and other officers who took the initiative to visit the area. The union demands that they should take action by sending for an examination of the water to find out the cause of the death of the fish in the river and to take strong action against those involved in this illegal slaughter. the kind of Im in this river.
The state also has to pay a heavy interest on this debt.
BK Nongkhlaw Secretary said that regarding the smart meters, the CMD said that they will take a decision to cancel the proposal to use smart meters.
He said that as there are very few workers who come to cut the meat, there are only 8 workers while there are about 45 workers who cut the meat. 50 people.
He said that the Additional Chief Secretary in charge of Urban Affairs Prashant Naik has said that the Bye Laws of MUDA can be implemented in all areas. and Country Planning Act 1973, has made it clear that the MUDA laws shall not apply to the boundary of the District Council and shall apply only if the District Council approves in writing.
Although Hawking's body has been paralyzed, unable to walk or stand and has been sitting in a chair since the age of 21, he has surprised doctors that he is still alive. you are up to 50 years old.
The family members of the deceased have requested anyone who has seen or found him to inform or phone the following numbers: 8014077329 /
We in the UDP want to strengthen the district council and we have decided to support Bah Pynshngain as CEM of KHADC,” said Dr Donkupar.
The four organizations have expressed their disapproval of this transfer of employment by non-indigenous people.
The NPR biometric census was launched by the Census Department last month.
Leaders of the HNYF, including Bah Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF in Ri Bhoi and Bah Shaining Sutingg, President of the HNYF 20Circle, also expressed their sorrow over the loss of the HNYF. They and the village leaders have come forward to repair the damaged parts of the road.
He said that the EC has misled the House and its members by giving false information and therefore, the opposition has brought distrust to it.
Therefore, after the Independence Day celebrations, we hope that our talks will be held again in New Delhi with the leaders of the Indian and Assam governments,” Chetia said. The NEIPF held a meeting at the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) today.
Gigur Marthong, NPP candidate from Mawshynrut Constituency, who is also the MLA of Mawshynrut Constituency, was the first to file his nomination papers. the Congress Party of Mawshynrut Constituency.
What is needed is cooperation and understanding.
This skin cancer is more common than the skin.
However, he expressed his satisfaction that the people of his constituency through the Voice of the People Party have stood up against such politics.
She suggested to the political parties that it would be better to support the Union of Rangbah as they stand together on the same issue that the government should pass the Village Administration Bill.
Bindo said that the singing of songs that people do not know and threatening to expel people from India if they do not sing the song Vande-Mataram. I'm all singing the song of Jana-gana-mana.
“You came here Maheh...” said Lok Bah Let. “Yes Kong, how are you...?” Maheh turned and asked, “I'm fine, we haven't seen you for a long time since this happened...” Lok Bah Let said, “Yes, I know it's an unexpected incident, but how can I do it? I can't do anything.
Dr Arwin Khonglah said, “The ASHA workers are the soldiers who have helped and been with us and when there is any emergency in the villages they come out especially during the lockdown to inspect the residents. quarantine.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 9: A woman identified as Biolin Mawtyllup, 35, of Umsaw village, Myriaw district, today lodged a complaint at the Nongstoin Police Station against two women who were arrested on charges of rape. from New Nongstoiñ on suspicion of involvement in the kidnapping of the daughter of this woman.
The college organizes sports events such as song competition, dance competition, basketball competition, information competition, running, seminar, and others.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District today announced that the Mid-Day Meal Scheme for the month of April has been released in schools. and November 2023.
Nongpoh: Three vehicles leaving Guwahati with the intention of going to Killing area in Ri Bhoi District have been robbed by a group of robbers at 10:30 pm this morning. Tens of thousands of rupees and mobile phones were also looted.
Speaking to media after the meeting convened by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, the DGP said, “We have forced the BSF to to hand over to the police according to the order of the court.
The meeting was opened by the President of the Youth Wing, Samla Macdonald Wahlang.
The products produced from these units have been arranged with a group from Assam to market these products and if successful, the district authorities will establish them throughout East Jaintia Hills District.
“You don't see where Hep is going.
She said that the issue has been raised with the government authorities regarding the insults and expulsion by the Shillong Municipal Board authorities. It is a violation of the right to life which is also against the law and order of the Supreme Court.
The UDP has four MDCs, three of whom are Donkupar Sumer, Teinwell Dkhar and Rona Khymdeit in the opposition while Equator Nongrang is in the ruling party.
A man has been accused of killing his wife and throwing his 7-year-old son into a river near Jowai Bypass to hide his crime in Mihmyntdu, West Jaintia. Hills District.
On the basis of this accurate explanation from the experts, the firm decision is ours whether to accept this tika or not.
There are some things that Ma Vincent has done in the past years as MPH but we don't have enough, so we need to choose new ones so that they can do better. ei2.
Police officials immediately rushed to the scene.
“The concern expressed by the Court is also the concern of all the citizens and even the State Government...therefore we will sit down and take steps to ensure that what we do to ensure the happiness of the Pung,” said the Prime Minister.
Ronnie said that the backwardness not only in Mylliem constituency but in the state as a whole has led to the court having to struggle in the implementation of development projects of the state government.
He said that we should fight to get 50% employment at NEHU, at NEIGRIHMS, how many Khasi, Jaintia and Garo have been allowed to be trained as doctors.
“We have seen the difference in the working methods of the NDA government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. “Congress has been in power for decades and many of them have been corrupt,” he said. “The people now even in the villages have understood this and have turned to the BJP party to bring back the country. Meghalaya is also a state.
“Earlier, when the roads were good, there was a belief that the area belonged to Assam, while the bad roads showed that they belonged to Garo Hills.
Malki also had several chances in the last minutes but their goalkeepers did not manage to avoid the goalkeeper of Ryntih.
However, after the war of 1914 the Jews were able to return to Israel and build their own houses.
Regarding the delays in the operation of the CUET examination center at the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) in Shillong on Tuesday, the Chief Minister said that the It is hoped that such problems will continue to arise but will continue to run smoothly in the future as this is the first time that this examination has been held in the state.
It is worth mentioning that the Prime Minister has invited all the 13 political parties who were in the same group during the ILP movement. part of the railway.
Ma K Lato, General Secretary, Dorbar Chnong Dulong, Jowai, said that the campaign had to be suspended due to the fight against COVID-19 last year.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on 31st June decided to strengthen the spirit of national unity through the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA).
“We have decided to export our agricultural products to Bangladesh. This export of agricultural products from our state will be done through a Cooperative Society which does not have an export license,” she said. The HFU said that the Cooperative will now supply fresh and dry slices of Sying 1no to this company from Bangladesh. It has also expressed its Expression of Interest to import Sohniamtra cashew sohphan and all fresh vegetables.
Because Israel stands for the whole world.
In the reply, SGH struggled to score 123/8
They are indeed days of struggle, a time of resistance.
Mominin's resignation was learned as he was preparing to join the Trinamool Congress on Friday.
Apborlang Kurbah scored the first goal for Salaroh in the 32nd minute while Donald Diengdoh scored a hat-trick in the 34th, 36th and 51st minutes.
“It is clear that Bah Remington has said that he will not contest from the UDP party but it is not known yet because it has been seen in the media and on this, the party has discussed and handed over to the party. The Disciplinary Committee will take the necessary action,” said Dr Jemino.
Only the parents are sufficient and can register the marriage of their children without the need for the custom of knowing both the cases together with the Kni.
“Therefore, the Bill has been introduced in the Rajya Sabha but has not yet been approved,” he said.
It is understood that the village needs to draft a Constitution for the benefit of the village, but to include such writings in the Constitution that affect the human rights is unacceptable. .
NATO is preparing its troops to deploy to Ukraine and 50,000 US troops have been deployed to the area to prevent the invasion. Putin.
Lincoln Dkhar holds a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degree in Chemistry from NEHU, Shillong.
In the midst of the unemployment of the young woman, the man promised to employ her and her mother and asked for T.1,30,000 so that he can provide government jobs to these mothers. son.
In 2017, he was appointed as the first Vice Chancellor of Captain Williamson Sangma's Technical University in Jewilgre by the Government of Meghalaya.
The KSU has lodged a complaint with the engineers of MePDCL after they received the name of the residents because they are suffering too much especially in the evening when they have to clean the house.
He said that this rakot tree can be found in abundance in this area where it has been preserved and the area of ​​this area is about 45 square acres. There are also fish farms, in this river there are also walking areas, seating areas, wooden bridges. At the end of this farm there is a beautiful and beautiful area which has not been built. The group wants to build a shelter at the end of the night.
Dorothy Williams, a 93-year-old woman from Macomb, Michigan, never thought she would be married again after her husband died 20 years ago.
“The marks should be accepted according to the direction of the Selection Committee.
And read below :-“On all these and on the grounds that many colleges in the state are Central, (Why didn't he and L Rymbui know from the beginning?) I would like to request once again your honor to Meghalaya students have been released from CUET. Your release will be announced forever.
The National Safety Week is still ongoing and will end on 10th October
Legal Counsel Bernita Rangsa Marak of ACHIK, has expressed her regret over the decision taken by the VPP against the Roster System and alleged that the party intends to create ethnic discrimination among the VPP. Meghalaya and to encourage discrimination against some of the ethnic minorities of the State.
Shillong, June 14: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) on Thursday strongly criticized the Achik Conscious Integrated Crime (ACHIK) for its demand that 1972 should be the cut off year. in the implementation of the Roster System.
I will plant the cities, and he shall build the waste places" Ezekiel 36:33-3
He said that after the hard work of the police today, they have arrested two robbers involved in this case from a place in Shallang area while they were trying to rob They didn't take the money they asked for.
In China, it is known that workers have a heavy responsibility for their employer and in 2018, it was found that a shniuh shop sent them up to 100 times. The employees of the shop, because they don't know how to clean the shops properly, there are cases where they feed themselves with soh mynken, until they are sat salaw and some of them run up to 10 kilometers. , as a sign of punishment, if they do not do their job.
The construction of the double lane road will facilitate the easy access of vehicles to Tura and other parts of Meghalaya, such as Tura-Dalu side and Tura-Jengjal-Rongjeng-Nongstoin-Shillong.
“In the past, the Syiem Police used to come and go from time to time but now for about two years they have disappeared,” said the shopkeepers.
He said it is a golden opportunity for writers in Shillong and youth to meet with prominent writers in different languages.
The Raid-Nongtung Circle has demanded that the Jio Company should expedite the construction of the Jio Network Tower, which has been erected in Mawlasnai village in Ri Bhoi.
Once we have walked in the way of the Lord, we must smell this fragrance so that people will see the light of the Lord in our lives and that people around us will smell and it will bring blessings to us and especially when they see the example and godliness in our lives.
The purpose of this campaign will also be to curb crime that may occur from time to time in the city where the police will be able to arrest and track down those who commit crimes.
This happened after the first session of the five-day Special Session of Parliament.
The habit of drinking umsohjew every day especially in the morning is the best way to improve the functioning of the body.
AAP supporters staged a protest in Delhi on Saturday when Sisodia was taken to the Rouse Avenue Court.
For more information please contact the Secretary Football Tournament on
Shillong, Lber 07: Shillong on Tuesday faced a traffic jam due to the arrival of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi and the Minister of Home Affairs. Amit Shah's Central Government.
The union also requested the Divisional Forest Officer Jaintia Hills Wildlife Division, Jowai to conduct a thorough investigation and punish those involved in this incident as this is against the life of wildlife.
“However, you know that the area is vast and the presence of police is not equal everywhere, where some areas are inside the forests which are difficult to access, which creates problems for the department. .
On the other hand, the union demands that the MDA government should immediately withdraw this order from various departments so that the local contractors can get jobs in the state.
Nongstoiñ, July 1: Leaders of various political parties in West Khasi Hills on Friday turned against MCH Hospital Nongstoiñ, after receiving information about the presence of a truck carrying The equipment will be taken to the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat.
The tournament was scheduled to be held in November last year, but has been postponed to next month starting on the 17th of June.
Dr Sandeep Kumar, Medical Consultant of the AIFF, said that according to the test, all of them were under 100 years of age.
Donbok Dkhar said the Seng has recently lodged a complaint with the East Khasi Hills District authorities regarding the continued illegal smuggling of cows and goats to Bangladesh.
In fact, there is no rule or order issued by the government to schools on this.
The NNSSCC will open the tournament by Nongstoiñ MLA Macmillan Byrsat and the first teams will play between Nongkrem SC and East Khasi Hills. Hills against Kith United FC.
In this regard, the State Government has proposed to set up up to 100 companies in the Eastern part of the state and 60 companies in the Western part of the state, which will include up to 135 employees. monitor.
The initiative of 'FOCUS+' is to benefit the indigenous people through this scheme.
Charles Marngar, Member of the Regional Committee for Ri Bhoi District, said that the desire to stay in Meghalaya has been signed by all the Khasi households in 22 villages. you are in Block-2
Khasi officers, non-Khasi officers, British officers built Shillong and brought in workers from all over India who invested billions to build their houses and offices.
On the other hand, the Principal expressed his gratitude and congratulations to the Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank for providing assistance to improve and develop education.
Therefore, if the government does not immediately stop the coal mining, it will be a welcome and an invitation to the disease as it appears on social media that there is a sign saying 'Corona welcome to Meghalaya (Corona welcome to Meghalaya)'.
This has put the state government in a difficult position to talk to Delhi because from Delhi they have said that in other states there is no need to pay land fee when the project is awarded but only in Meghalaya.
Meghalaya players: Amiangshu Sen, Dipu Sangma, Wallambok Nongkhlaw, Sylvester Mylliempdah, Raj Biswa, Larry Gomes Sangma, Tengchan Sangma, Aditya Singhania, Abhay Negi, Akash Chaudhary, Wallam John Lyngdoh, Swarajeet Tej Das, Ravi Singh Bisht, Sanjay Yadav.
The Sordar of Mawryngkneng constituency, Bah Chestar Sohtun, said that the village authorities have been talking from time to time with the leaders of Mawryngkneng constituency but the talks have ended only in the 'I will'.
“You see again that she is the boss of AITC and she has to say this but I will tell you that until the two states agree, no one can, whether it is AITC, the Madam Banerjee, the Prime Minister of the country, is not alone.
He said that if the teachers who have been paid by the government are still allowed to participate in the political process as directed by the court.
Furthermore, Bah Turostu said that the owner of the cinemas is taking advantage of them and if they fall within the boundary of KHADC, he will issue an order to close them immediately. to the cinema.
The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Sengkmie today came out to strongly condemn these Dalal groups, who have started turning to them. The villagers of Ri Bhoi District have been trying to buy land by deceiving the land owners, but behind the scenes, their intention is only to make money after the government takes over after the implementation of the railway line.
The Behdieñkhlam festival of the Seinraij Jowai will end on the 14th of November at Syiem Aitnar.
The NHAI has also alleged that due to the illegal cutting of the soil, the illegal filling of soil in the quarries of private individuals from Khliehriat to Ratacherra has caused damage to the road.
In the Under-14 Boys, HK Singh Memorial Secondary School beat Lumpyrtuh Secondary School 1-0
(The tournament was started in 1941 and West won the title that year).
When the king's house is near this river, why doesn't the king of Hima Khyrim do anything about it? Besides, Pa-iem is also a doctor who treats the sick.
To improve the services in the field of education and to assist the students of the HYC, the HYC has decided to set up the Students' Wing.
How can SSA teachers benefit from the government?? How can I pay for that debt?
Speaking on the party's strength, Pius said that as it appears in the media, the UDP will be one of the parties that will lead or rule the party. government through the presence of qualified and promising candidates in this 2023 elections.
Also present on the occasion were Bah GW Nonglang President of the Club, Gerald Iawphniaw, Pynsuk Thongni and Grace Lyngdoh.
Even I who don't know about education know that, how much more you educated youth I think you know better than me,” said the President of KSU Lumshnong Unit, Olenbet Pdang.
Speaking to reporters, Agnes said that there was a fire at Raj Bhawan in 2003 in which all the documents were destroyed and in this incident many people were killed. The state government has destroyed all the documents and laws which it has alleged to be an incident which it suspects may be the work of someone else.
The traffic jam is not because of the road but because of the lack of road.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 55 new cases have been confirmed and 609 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Jowai, Naitung 25: The Kurliya Bridge constructed on the Myntang River to connect West Jaintia Hills with Khatkasla, Psiar and other villages on the border with Assam has been completed. and Meghalaya has been restored.
Shillong, March 16: Two MDCs who have resigned from the Congress party, have denied that the Congress party has not received their resignation letter as they are still in talks.
Regarding the lack of doctors, he said he had lodged a complaint with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek two or three times but the Minister did not believe his complaint.
Nongpoh: Are the people of Meghalaya happy that Khanapara will be annexed to Assam? It is a big question mark not only for the state government, but for the people of the state as a whole.
Thank you Name:- Carmel Fedrick Malngiang Location:- Wahkaliar, Sohra, East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya
Children under the age of 18 years old in a meeting with journalists today, expressed their strong opposition to the insults and slander against them by their employers or others. that person.
The party has urged the MLAs to discuss the issues of more than 30,000 people with disabilities in the state legislature.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi, has urged the people to remain calm.
The Court also informed that those residents of Them Metor have also approached the Central Government to inform them of the relocation of the State Government and the Central Government is also looking into the matter.
In 2014, Pastor Basaiawmoit was defeated by 40,000 votes by Ma Vincent Pala. In this election, the HSPDP has strongly supported Pastor Basaiawmoit. individual candidate.
Out of the 12 teams in Shillong, there were also from Mawngap and Smit Centre, who took part in the Greater Shillong Centre.
Heprit Gerrard also took part in the football tournament organized by the KSU Lummawbah unit and won the Best Player award.
The BJP leader was speaking after Karnataka Animal Husbandry Minister K Venkatesh announced that it is planned to repeal the ban on slaughter of cows. Why didn't you kill the cows?
However, we have seen in Ranikor, where two MDA groups are fighting each other and therefore I cannot say anything without a discussion,” he said.
The office bearers include President-Kularskhem D Sariang, Vice President-Yoowanlam Sayoo, General Secretary-Shadapstar Hadem, Asst General Secretary-Medius Passah, Organizing Secretary-Precious Talang, Asst Organize Secretary-Daei sakhiat Papeng, Publicity Secretary-Morethan Ryng , Asst Publicity- Eilad Lamare, Environment Secretary- Bormi Liam, Asst Environment- Heiwathmu Law, Sport Secretary- Apdamei Papiah, Asst.Sport Wanbait Shadap.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah J Lyndem Rangbah Shnong congratulated the CoRP for taking the initiative to honor the students of the village with the aim of encouraging and encouraging them to learn more. They will be able to improve in their higher education and become examples and bright stars who will bring fame and glory to the family, the community and the district as a whole.
In the Khasi society, the voice of Bah Ardent, the voice of Kong Angela, the voice of Bah KP Paniang, the voice of Bah Gavin, the voice of KHNAM or the voice of the Sengbhalang says 'Ma we appear from the shyllang while 'Ma nga' hides from the lyngkdong to proclaim that they are the only ones who are the best, others are not.
But now we have the written Word of God, the Bible, and there are no more Apostles, prophets or miracles who passed away in the first century (I Cor. 13:3-10).
Besides him, Mewankitbok M Kharpuri took 1/16 in 7 overs.
He said that the election issue of the party has a special issue to fight against corruption in JHADC. Corruption in JHADC happens and continues to happen from time to time.
The body was found by witnesses.
Sameh Laloo, Rtn.
Books published in the form of magazines or souvenirs.
This morning, KR Rayudu (who tied for 54 runs before continuing) played well to reach the 100th run.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, on Tuesday said that due to the severe breakdown of law and order in the state, stone throwing, theft, burning of houses and so on. A curfew has been imposed from 8 pm today until 5 pm on the 17th of this month.
The Open Volleyball Tournament 2023 will start on the 20th and end on the 22nd of this month at Lion Mission Compound, Pohskur.
In the women's category, Peacefully Pohplet of North Liberty HS School won second place, Parimika Khongngain of North Liberty HS School won second place and Precento-les-de-el Myrchiang Jaintia HS School won second prize.
Shillong, July 17 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the state government is following up and will continue to follow up on the issues related to the From the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
During the harvest, the farmers of Lapangap were guarded by the Assam Police until they reached their fields in Nongjrong.
In West Karbi Anglong, there are 7,000 Gorkhas in 12 border villages including Habang, Umpalher, Mausaladyang, Umwang, Umru-2, Umsarang, Phlang, Pabang and Kartik Gairi. Jatalang, Umat, Lang Er Dang, which are Gorkha-dominated villages, he said and added that the border issue between Assam and Meghalaya has been resolved since The United Mikir Hills District was created.
If they are allowed, they are considered as civil society groups.
I would like to point out that Halen will be able to strengthen us even more, especially the faith we have placed in him.
Oh no and no talk ei ei.
Mohan, who came 42nd after the knieh rung, lost 141-1
The funds of the KHADC, which are pending, include from the years 2012-2013, 2013-2014, where the Dy.CEM said that from the year 2012-2013, which is up to 33.29 million. fifty thousand crores of rupees; The KHADC has received only the first installment, which is only 9.32 lakh 95,350 tyngka.
However, after learning the modern method of tit cultivation, they have started to increase their income and it is said that they have earned about 70-80 thousand per annum, if more. You can earn thousands of dollars.
“He also informed that functional houses have been built across the state for doctors and others, so that these houses where the doctors live and work can be located even in the areas. to facilitate government employees in their work.
Before lodging a complaint with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the union inspected the Residential School in Byndihati village after receiving a complaint from the residents that the abandoned Residential School has been damaged.
The children of the deceased Longkmie, admitted that there was a misunderstanding between the believers from the same Presbyterian Church, but said that the village should not be biased. anywhere, because as a village itself it must stand in the middle and must react as it does when there are tragedies in other families.
On my part, I request those who publish news not to publish false news as this affects the people of the village especially me the Rangbah Shnong.
In Meghalaya, hundreds of people have been affected by AIDS. In India, about 1 in 8 people can develop cancer.
These teams have not yet won in the previous matches when Langsning lost to Lajong and Mawlai lost to Ryntih in the previous matches.
From the poikha-poiman to the household chores, they carry them to the women.
We would also like to thank the Rangbah Shnong Dras Siangshai, the Secretary of the Moolamanoh Catholic Church, the Covid Committees, the Village Authority and the Village Council as a whole for taking the initiative to complete the funeral arrangements.
Even banks have had to close down for fear of any tragic incident that could happen at an unexpected moment.
Shillong, July 4 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today inaugurated the Ganol Hydro Power Project. The project is located near Tura, West Garo Hills.
The main purpose of the fair is to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of India and the 50th Anniversary of the Independence of Meghalaya.
This is an amendment to the Registration of Electors Rule, 1960 and the Conduct of Election Rule, 1961, which was introduced last year.
He said that although JHTOA is the oldest organization in the district which was established in 1982 but till now it does not have an office building but what is interesting is that at the meeting it was decided by all the members to build The entire office of the party has been closed at Phramer, West Jaintia Hills District.
He said the construction of the theater will soon start where tourists will be able to visit Wagah in Punjab on the India-Pakistan border.
Akbar is on a trip to Africa and returned home on Sunday morning.
There are 1,547 confirmed cases and the death toll has risen to 1,4
Not only that, recently, Congress party leaders including MLAs and MDCs, visited the site and when they talked to the people who were there, they understood clearly. The area is still within the boundary of Raid Marwet, Ri Bhoi, Meghalaya.
Although they were only children under 12 years old, the game was similar to the older children because of their skills and abilities.
