The election is not a matter of fighting for peace because it is a decision for the future of the nation.
The NGT has concluded the case on 8th November 2022 and directed the MDA government through the MSPCB to fine all 31 coal mining factories operating without CTE up to Rs 5 crore.
Speaking to media, Bah Jason S.Mawlong, said that the reason why he gathered the village leaders, is because he understands the problems faced by the farmers. This time and it is for this reason that he has gathered all the village leaders of the area.
Coal mining has been going on for many years from 1970 to 2014 and has been banned by the NGT because it has destroyed and polluted the environment.
Therefore, I urge the authorities and the people when you meet such people who carry sticks to cross the streets, in the marketplaces or in any place, remember to respect them, because if I I cannot help or honor the blind, can I expect God to bless me to do good and help only the blind?
The Kur Dhar Narpuh would also like to thank the Umkiang Village Authority and the Umkiang Police for taking the initiative to recover the body of Chiang Dhar from the scene of the murder. He was taken to Khliehriat Civil Hospital for treatment.
Therefore, in connection with this 25th Kiew Pyneh Rngiew, the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee would like to distribute and disseminate the message to the Khasi people across the land of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum Hynniaw Wasa. The Kiew Eh Rngiew Public on that day will be held in a smooth and orderly manner.
Such as the story of Raitong, Ramhah, Kyllang and Symper, the luri lura market and many other stories which still exist today which our ancestors have kept as famous treasures. in the Khasi tribe.
These 20 oxygen cylinders will be distributed to PHC Byrnihat, PHC Umden, PHC Marngar, PHC Mawlasnai, PHC Mawhati, PHC Umtrai and PHC in Ri Bhoi. Warmawsaw, Umsning and Patharkhmah CHCs will be opened.
In the second leg, Lion Sports and Youth Affairs beat Pynthorlangteiñ 3-1
He said that the reason why the Government of India has introduced this program is to eradicate TB by 2025, so that the people can participate in how to help TB patients. Through this programme, the citizens of India, especially those who have access to various companies, were invited to attend the ceremony. “Of course, the Government of India has tried to help the TB patients by providing 500 tyngka per month to those who have TB. , but this is not enough and therefore the government has taken this step with the aim of encouraging TB patients not to be treated or to encourage the public to treat them, because there is no reason to treat them. “We can prevent the disease and everyone can get it,” said Dr.M Mawrie. He added that even those who have contracted the disease should not hesitate but should come forward to go to the hospitals for treatment. Therefore, if the people are afraid, it will cause more damage to the spread of the disease.
Police have advised those who come to withdraw money from banks to be very vigilant and not to trust anyone they do not know on the street and not to release their money. Even if their clothes are dirty or if someone throws powder to deceive them, they must hold their pla firmly until they stand near the police. including traffic police on the road.
Speaking as the chief guest at the celebration of World Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking Day 2018 at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong today, Marak said: He said that the people who are involved in this crime are those whose behavior has become famous in the society.
The two organizations have requested the police to punish the robber according to the rules of law, and to protect the woman and her children, lest he be released if he escapes. The two organizations also said that such incidents have happened in the Khasi Hills and it is only the law enforcement agencies that can prevent and protect the souls of those who have been threatened.
He said that their protest is not only against the DC, but also against other government officers who work well and do their job properly in any department. He said that the group strongly condemns those who have been involved in the untimely dismissal of such officers and this meeting of them is only a warning so that such things will continue. things will never happen again.
We have moved from one gold medal in Athletics in 2018 to 15 gold medals in Athletics this year along with victories in other sports,” he said.
Nongpoh, March 22: More than 263 leaders and supporters of other parties including the UDP, NPP and BJP from different parts of the Nongpoh Constituency have joined the party. This was announced at the General Meeting of the Nongpoh Block Congress Committee (NBCC) held on Saturday at the NBCC office in Pahamsohthri, Nongpoh.
Also present on the occasion were doctors from PHC Dienpasoh from BDO Mawryngkneng Block, Social Welfare Department, teachers from other schools, Sordar Shnong Bah Super Rngaid, elders of the area. and others.
The complainants were R Hamberley Wahlang, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pholasly Nianglang, Acting Syiem of Nongspung Hima and Erald Jyrwa, Acting Syiem of Nongspung Hima.
Not only that, the Government of India has also directed the various State Governments to punish those who fight against it.
Regarding the congestion in Shillong, he said that various areas have been identified as Multi Level Parking Lots and Hawker Zones.
Looking at the behavior of the leaders in this age, it cannot be said that the blame should go to the people, because if the leaders are criticized, the people should be blamed first because they are not. maki, who choose those who appoint them.
He said he wants to bring about development in Tura through the Smart Town Project.
“The Congress did not expel him but he fled,” said Bah Process.
To ensure the rights among the different ethnic groups living in Meghalaya regarding the reservation policy, only the courts can resolve and resolve the demands of us Khasi-Jaintia, Garo and others. Others, on the reservation policy which is currently being discussed between the MDA government and the VPP. To change this according to the population or the population is up to the highest courts of the country.
Uddhav said that some people come to Mumbai to earn a living, but they claim that it is Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK).
The ban on shyiap mining also applies to the banks of the Yamuna, Ganga, Hindon, Chambal, Gomti and other rivers and was later announced to apply to all parts of the country.
“When we understand what the father of the deceased said, the party is deeply saddened and has decided to take action on the incident by lodging a complaint with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs, to urge them to take action to conduct an investigation into the sudden death of this young woman,” said Samla Ferdynald K.Kharkamni. .
He said that this has shocked and shocked him as he has never remembered to cross the border anywhere else or to Assam.
The writing has failed and the reason is that the wife of the owner has gone to confuse the writing of her husband to another person.
JHDS has distributed rice and dai to 45 poor households in Mooshrot Village including 4 households in Sahsniang Village.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 26: Many of the booksellers in Nongpoh market, have taken advantage of the school holidays to sell more than the stipulated price which has caused problems to many poor families.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul Sangma said that this action of the government is unacceptable in the eyes of the people of the state.
“However, before that time, his government will collapse because there is instability in this coalition government,” said Dey.
Furthermore, before you vote, you must ask God for the command of the candidates you want to vote for (not those who give money to vote).
Kalyani, Jymmang : Shillong Lajong FC beat TRAU FC 2-1 in a thrilling match on Saturday.
Commenting on the election campaign of other parties in Sohiong, Bah Sandondor said, “If you look at this election campaign in Sohiong, the leaders of other parties use words that devalue the election. "I don't rule," said Bah Sandondor.
Shillong: A year after the Central Government ignored the resolution passed by 60 MLAs on the ILP and MRSSA, the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) today passed a resolution on the ILP and MRSSA. They decided to hold a two-day protest to intensify their protest for the ILP and also to force the Governor to hold a two-day protest. The MRSSA Act 2019 has been passed.
He also recalled how for the three-day meeting they had to walk for 10 months and to donate their own food.
If the Government wants to upgrade the adhoc schools to the deficit, the Cabinet should decide how many hundreds/thousands of schools should be upgraded, or how many schools have not been approved by the Government. permitted schools) to the adhoc category in order to ensure uniformity in the grading of these schools in a transparent and fair manner in upgrading the genuine schools. The Government (if possible) should upgrade all schools without discrimination.
B.Rani, one of the elders of Tiehdang, said that the residents of Mawlangsu, Lummyrsiang, Tiehdang, Mawkyrtung and other villages, when they go to the market, They go to Markasa and work in Mawthadraishan Block, mostly they have to walk a distance of 7 to 5 kilometers, due to the lack of vehicles passing through every day due to the poor condition of the road.
How do you take the exam on the 10th?
They also urged the believers to learn to suffer for Christ.
He said that police have suspected that these people may have come to Shillong for the Puja to steal and rob people. Police have arrested such persons and seized money and mobile phones.
The protest by the drivers of commercial vehicles has caused heavy traffic jam throughout Shillong.
It is learned that the GNLA fighters have fled to the forests of Ambari.
Besides the meeting, a Kali for the NSSS sponsored by Kindermissionwerk Germany was also launched.
Shillong, March 27: On the opening day of the Dorbar Tlang of the KHADC which started today, the House has paid tribute to the two former MDCs of the KHADC who passed away recently.
The authorities have announced that there will be no games on Tuesday and Saturday due to the Behdieñkhlam festival of the Seiñraij Jowai.
On the occasion, Bah Rocky Kylla Chairman DKRSRBD and Bah Eddie G Kharbani President FKJGP, gave speeches in which they expressed their deep sympathy to the victims. At the same time, they requested the government and the district authorities to take action on this issue. you are struck by a storm.
This happened, but the Dkhar who was called Ali Saheb was quick to give the land to King Wickliffe and after his death the children of King Wickliffe still received the land. Andrew Solemar (son of King Wickliffe) and Ali Saheb who happened to meet me at the border near San Bari Village, Bangladesh.
The question that arises here and I always ask myself is whether the Khasi and Jaintia are really their own or are they one nation or where can we draw the line to distinguish between the Khasi and Jaintia? Although no one has been able to conclude this issue, one thing is clear is that the Khasi people living in Jaintia Hills, Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi Districts There is the same story about the origin of the nation, the story of Lumsohpet Bneng and the Tree. If we judge from this we can say that we come from the same ancestors and we are one nation.
The DGP has congratulated the Police Officers who visited the venues of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra at EKH. A group of journalists from Uttar Pradesh has visited Meghalaya.
The troops arrested the woman from Khudengthabi check gate on Imphal-Moreh road, Tengnoupal district.
On the production of the film – Bah HM Shangpliang, in his speech, encouraged the filmmakers to have a goal to screen films that can compete with other films. He said that the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting of the Government of India provides assistance to filmmakers. in the mother tongues of India.
He said the FCI has invited tenders through the PEG Scheme for the construction of 5,000 metric tonnes at Mendipathar, 5,000 metric tonnes at Nongstoin, 2,500 metric tonnes at Khliehriat, 3,340 metric tonnes at Sohra and 3,340 metric tonnes at Zikzak. Block.
Shillong, March 8: U Symbud Chief Minister of Manipur, Yumnam Joy Kumar Singh, on Tuesday learned that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, holds 19 government departments.
However, at the same time, the NEHUSU office bearers were upset when the PRO VC of NEHU Tura, came to the Guest House and refused to shake hands by saying, “I don't want to shake hands with people like me. When the NEHUSU members asked him what he meant, he said, “I know your kind of people” and fled, NEHUSU said in a statement.
The meeting will be attended by the Prime Minister and the Minister of Transport and all unions are requested to attend only 15 members per union and to observe social distancing.
The Meghalaya Power Distribution Company Limited (MePDCL) has handed over to a company from Orissa to collect electricity bills from Mawsynram and Mawkyrwat. There are two sub divisions.
“It is surprising that the Lokayukta has not allowed the complainant and the witnesses to do so,” he said.
He urged the Congress and its allies to prepare to bring the no-confidence motion against his government in 2028 which is 10 years before the Lok Sabha elections in .
Ronie also launched the Caritas India Mission for the Development of Agriculture in the State and the Northeast Phase-II. Speech was also delivered by James K Sangma, MLA who said that it is necessary to return to the old farming methods due to the threat of climate change.
The first part of the attack on our nation is through the forty kinds of laws and regulations of the government (central/state) which have been implemented in these beloved hills which have destroyed the indigenous people. our country as a nation.
The 113th Shad Suk Myn Siem, started on the 13th and ended today on the 15th of June with the participation of thousands of people of Bri u Hynniewtrep u Hynniewskum.
At the same time, he expressed his regret that the government has only said that it wants to talk but has not done as it should have done to take action to discuss the issue which has been pending for a long time.
The seven robbers who escaped from the jail include Rikmenlang Lamare, Shidorki Dkhar, Lodestar Tang, Marsanki Tariang, Ramesh Dkhar and I Love You Talang.
The reason why they will not get tickets from the NPP is because the party leaders have already consulted and found out that all of them will not return or win in the 2023 elections because their strength has declined. beyond.
Shillong, November 10: The SSA 2nd Division Football League 2023 will resume today at the SSA Ground.
There are also trucks with proper settings passing through NH-44, the source said, as these trucks have not been arrested by the East Khasi Hills Police especially at Mawryngkneng, Ribhoi Police and even at the weighbridges of the Transport Department in Umling.
Precious Tang scored a hat-trick (9, 11 & 13) while Manhok Suchiang scored the other (40).
Thabah said the KSU has sent a clear message to the CWC that it should immediately refrain from such unfounded allegations as the KSU will not remain silent on this issue. .
By Ma Nangai Sutnga, Iooksi WJHThis is a question that I would like to ask all my fellow countrymen to answer in their own experience and in their own feelings.
As part of her visit to Meghalaya, Dr. Bharati Pravin Pawar also visited NEIGRIHMS. She also held a meeting with the officers and staff of NEIGRIHMS. In the presence of the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh and health officials.
He said that the party demands from the government to get justice for these families and these incidents have happened due to the stingy calculations of the government.
Kolkata, July 14: Jamshedpur FC beat East Bengal FC 2-1 in the Indian Super League (ISL) 2022-23 match on Thursday evening at the Salt Lake Stadium. Kolkata.
In the first year of this year, the 1st installment will be paid in July 2023, the 2nd installment will be paid in November 2023 and in the second year, the 3rd installment will be paid in July The 4th installment will be paid in November
He said that many of the families in need, whom he has helped as much as he can as a fighter but this is not something he is proud of but he feels it is his feeling to help when he has. the open door of the Lord God.
It was advised not to travel, unless absolutely necessary, not to gather large numbers of people and not to hold large festivals.
This is the first time that foreigners have managed to escape from Khliehriat.
PM Santhosh scored 33 runs while Aryan Borah scored 14 runs and Abhishek scored 11 runs.
Tura, June 10 : The government has decided to suspend the payment of salaries to Anganwadis, ASHAs, SSA teachers, COVID contract workers, school teachers, college teachers, muster rolls, adhoc and primary teachers and others. Government employees including contractors are not paying attention to them and especially the people's leaders are forgetting and blind to these problems that these people are facing from time to time. Bernard N Marak, MDC of the BJP from Tura, said:
Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, urged the students to work hard and succeed in their studies and to have the goal of progressing, so that it will be of benefit. themselves afterwards.
However, when we turn back to our country India, we find that there are many attacks against journalists, media and news producers – whether in print, news through the internet or news through TV channels.
There are also owners who have given the reason that if a Khasi is billed, he cannot be billed as a foreigner because after filling 10 trucks or two trucks of coal, they don't have to load again. worth.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the General Secretary of the SMB, Samla Youberlin L.Sangriang, said that the SMB has requested RTI from the SMB office and found that The incinerator was installed without the permission of the village authorities.
“The provision of the accounts will enable MeCEL to benefit from the Financial Restructuring Plan of the Government of India as the delay in receiving the accounts has prevented it from receiving assistance from the central government,” he said. state.
The master said that they should be called and if they did not refuse they should be forced.
This means that even if they marry a Khasi or a non-Khasi, they can develop the Khasi clan, while the Khasi man in this state has been discriminated against in all aspects. .
Pastor Hynniewta said that in fact he has received information that the people are very concerned about the use of numbers especially the Aadhar which has been implemented in other states and not only Christians, but those who are still some in the traditional religion also fear this.
Pynshngaiñ Kurbah won the silver medal in the Under 18 Canoe Slalom with a score of 98.3
When they saw the mark, it was from the house of Bah Let.
“When we came here, we saw that there was a video sent to us by some of the residents. After we received that video, we came to see it. “We have found that it is true, we have also found that the doctor is still coming and entering from time to time, those patients are not there,” said Bah Myrboh.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 1: KSU Mawshynrut Circle under the leadership of Samla Armstrong Sohshang, President KSU Mawshynrut Circle, in the presence of Samla Mevin Puweiñ President Samla Mevin Puweiñ, President KSU Mawshynrut Unit and other members of the KSU Mawshynrut Circle. John Ronald Sangriang has been invited to attend the WFC Fight Night 3, which will be held on 5th October 2023 at Polofield TDSA ground Tezpur, Assam. Prakamya's victory over the state.
Dr Mukul said he was surprised to learn that trucks have been allowed to carry goods weighing more than 40 metric tonnes.
The driver of the truck said that the collision occurred when he tried to avoid a vehicle passing on the other side of the road.
The festival was inaugurated by MLA/MDC Mawhati Constituency Bah Charles Marngar who was the chief guest.
After receiving information about the incident, ambulances and private vehicles have been ordered to take the injured to Patharkhmah CHC for treatment.
In the past few days, the death toll has risen to 900 a day in the United States.
The book 'Fables and Fictions of Rabon Singh' translated from Khasi into English by Kong Eldora Lyngdoh was also launched.
Many of the land owners are both foreigners and Khasi.
The FKJGP Upper Shillong under the leadership of its President, Bah Kit Nongphlang will visit the government to investigate the issue.
“The fare from Namdong to Jowai before the lockdown was T.80 to go and T.80 to return and during the lockdown it has increased from T.150 to T.150 return. T.300 even after the government has allowed passengers to carry passengers as usual,” said a statement sent to syllad.com. The students have requested the Ksehrynshang Namdong Tourist Driver & Owner Association to consider. The poor people who work day and night should not take advantage of themselves.
It was also in this village that the religious leaders held a special prayer for peace in the country and that things would go smoothly as they should.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was scheduled to be held at the SSA Stadium First Ground, Polo, Shillong on Tuesday. In Group C, Lummawbah SC and Mawpdang SC won the title.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 22: A fish vendor from Sangriang area has brought a fish called triang at a price of 1,500 tyngka.
The society of the Khasi is based on the existence of Kur (Clans), from which one can know and understand whether a person is Khasi or other Jaitbynriew.
Not only that, but you will lose your salary.
On the same day, the President also launched the history of the Marweiñ Kur written by Bah T.Roy Marweiñ who is also the Secretary of the Kur.
At this meeting, it was unanimously decided to investigate the traditional relationship between the Doloi/Hat/Sohpdang and the Lyngdohs, Sohtun, Pombah Shadap and others.
The residents of the village earn their living by growing soybeans and other agricultural products.
On the Thynroit Presbyterian Secondary School, he said that he will follow up in collaboration with the school authorities for the Science Grant which they have decided to implement.
The deadline for submission of nomination papers is from 15th June to 20th June, 2023 by 5 pm.
But friends, all the examples I have given here will never bring true peace.
Aloke Marandi, Manager of IOCL, said that there are only seven applicants for the installation of petrol pumps in the state so far.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has sent a letter to the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District urging him to restrict the driving rules on the highways. The incident occurred on the NH 6 to Shillong-Jowai Road and the NH
There are groups, especially on the part of women, who have complained to the Governor that the new amendment on marriage affects only women and gives freedom to men. the law.
The project has allocated T.4.74 crore for the construction of the office but it is surprising that the contract award was not clear and without calling for tender, said a source from the District Council.
In KHADC, the candidates have been announced from Langkyrdem-Laitkroh-Ryngkatlang Lyndem, Nongshken-Lutphar Dkhar, Sohiong-Nongspung-Phelimon Kharmyndai, Sohryngkham-Kris Kharsati, Malki-Laitumkhrar-Marwerin Na and Antonio War. , Mawkyrwat – Bah Anvil Lyngdoh.
Niaw Wasa and Mulait United scored nine points each, but Mulait came first after winning by goal difference.
He said that the dairy department should identify 5000 farmers to raise dairy cows that can produce at least 15 liters of milk per day.
Recruitment will be based on grades from those who have completed Class VIII, X and XII. The vacancies are for those who have passed 10+2, Agniveer Technical (All Arms) posts. ) Agniveer Adm Asst (Clerk) Store keeper Technical (All Arms).
From 100 tonnes of rice, they can produce up to 65 to 70 tonnes of rice.
Because if the Rangbah Shnong or his children or relatives enter into a contract in his own village/village, there is always what is called a “conflict of interest,” which means that it cannot be implemented. task.
Shillong, March 27: The Garo Baptist Convention (GBC) in Garo Hills has expressed its regret over the non-inclusion of Garo or A-chik languages ​​in the list of 38 languages ​​to be adopted by the Garo Hills Baptist Church. recognized under Article 5 of the Constitution of India in accordance with the Declaration of the Central Government.
The purpose of this program is to bring education to all the residents that they should not pollute the water sources.
Through this book, we learn more about her brave deeds.
The send-off program was also held on the 16th July, 2024, conducted by Bah Khlain Pyrkhat Syiemlieh, Renowned Football Coach of the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs (DSYA). Cliff Nongrum, Convenor of the Youth Cell at MFA, Ailad K. Kynta, member of DSYA. Two goals for Punjab in the final, both goals scored by Badondor Marbaniang.
If you have a Negro husband, your children will have a Negro father.
That night on my bed, my head was busy thinking about this phenomenon.
“If a nation doesn't have the army, it is a nation that has lost hope but a nation that still has the army is a nation that still has hope,” said Bah Bless.
In the men's category, East Khasi Hills won four gold, silver and four bronze medals, while in the women's category, East Khasi Hills won three gold and four bronze medals. silver medals, and five bronze medals.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Nongston, today announced that all state government offices, schools and others, will be closed on the 26th June 2014, due to the Shad Suk Mynsiem.
One of the schools we have witnessed such an initiative is Everyshine School Laitpynter Synrangkaban which was founded by Kong Sylvia Langstieh and her team. The management of Everyshine School Laitpynter Synrangkaban, which is located on the outskirts of Marbisu and Mawngap, has been involved in the development of the school. This year 2023 on the 20th and 21st of April will hold a dance competition, especially to pay salaries to teachers and other employees. The winners will receive a cash prize of T.30,000-/ for all 3 winners, where the participants will have to pay only T.300-/ entrance fee and the judges will be Stacy Warjri and Daphisha Kharbani.
Monotosh, who is famous for playing football in Bengal, will bring experience to Chennaiyin and has also played in many domestic matches in the past few years. five years of his football career.
He said that the oxygen plant will not only be an equipment for the Nazareth Hospital but will be a blessing to the people of Meghalaya as a whole.
The great God has also appointed kings and rulers and removes them.
On the other hand, HSPDP MLA from Rambrai-Jyrngam, Bah KP Pangniang, said that in his constituency, there are villages in Mawshynrut C&RD Block where the people are living in darkness without electricity.
Shillong: U Bah Julius Kitbok Dorphang, Independent MLA from Mawhati, has sent his resignation letter through his lawyer today.
Shillong, July 22: The Meteorological Department has forecast that if the rainfall in Sohra continues to be as it has been these days, the rainfall in the area known as the jhieh area will be reduced. worldwide will be more than what happened in the past 20 years.
The motion was also supported by Bah Charles Marngar, MLA Mawhati, who expressed his concern over the incidents in these days due to drugs, which has led to theft and others. that works badly.
Mukhramul H Sarkar top scored with 45 runs (36) and Orlando Nongbri took 3/18 in four overs.
Shillong, Nailur, 07: The State Government, which plans to issue a notice for the implementation of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and Code of Civil Procedure (CPC) in the state, has confirmed that there will be no any impact on the District Council Courts of the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs).
“Now the LPG subsidy has reached Rs 25,000 crore, you don't know how to thank the people who should serve you properly,” he said.
Rev.H.ChyneSecretaryMeghalaya Prayer Church Transformation Initiative (MPCTI)Shillong.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor said, “The residents especially the women have expressed from time to time the need to upgrade the Sub to PHC. Center and now it has been completed and it will be built soon and it will be a blessing to the residents who need medical treatment”.
On the other hand, the President of the Khasi Students Union Narpuh Circle, Bah KS Suchiang, expressed his concern over the parking of vehicles on the Lukha Bridge and other bridges in the Sonapyrdi area. He said that this parking of vehicles will cause the bridges to collapse and damage the bridges. Therefore, he urged the traffic police to Please do not allow vehicles to park on the bridge during traffic jam.
There are 23 candidates in Tura, 54 in Dadenggre, 60 in Shillong, 38 in Amlarem and 93 in Jowai.
We therefore expect that the new government (MDA) will curb the timber trade, punish the dewbilat factories that mine in the forest areas, and shut down the factories that dispose of waste ( effluent) into the rivers and also to immediately stop the mining of uranium.
The registration was held on Friday, March
Now, what are the Entry and Exit Points? It is only a gate or place to check people entering and leaving.
Tarique scored a half-century but was dismissed after scoring 36 runs. Ram Gurung, who took two wickets, scored 36 runs for the Panthers. for 177 runs.
However, it is reported that on holidays, 15,000 to 20,000 vehicles come from abroad per day.
During the hearing, Chief Justice Chandrachud said, “It is clear that the Presiding Officer has canceled the ballot papers.
Albert said that until these days, the spirit of love for the KSU, is still in his brother.
“The officers of the departments have also been directed to set projects for the next five years in consultation with the MLAs as the MLAs have to consult with the villages and others.
They also shook hands with each other, which caused a laugh from those in the room.
NPP Leader John F Kharshiing said that the people should understand that when people accuse the party, it means that it is a working party.
“Well don’t worry about it, not at all but I’m just telling you.
He also said that on the other hand,
The route is from: YMCA Point, Mawkhar – Motphran – Umsohsun Junction – Khyndai Lad – DC's Office – Governor's House – Wards Lake – Botanical Garden – Dhaba – Pegasus Crown – Khyndai Lad – Umsohsun – Ri-Khasi Press – Mawkhar Main Road – YMCA (Finishing point).
We don't have anything to repay you, but we wish you a healthy body and that you will be able to serve the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia, through your skills in giving herbal medicines and also, that May you have a healthy body and may you continue to serve the Church in Umsyiem and the whole of Ri Khasi Jaintia. other".
On the opening day of the rally, Congress President Mallikarjune Kharge will be inaugurated in Imphal, Manipur on 14th July
Up to 147 youths from the border area with Bangladesh in Amlarem Sub Division have benefited from this training which was conducted with the financial support of the Border Area Development Department of the Deputy Commissioner West Jaintia Hills District. Jowai.
“The main goal is to have a common responsibility from all and to work together with one goal and that is to clean up the Wah Umkhrah, Wah Umshyrpi and Wah Umkhen which will become the future sources. “I don't drink water for New Shillong,” said Bah Wahlang.
Jowai, June 20: The Chief Forest Officer of JYF, Jowai, has refused to provide a reply through the RTI Act requested by JYF President Poipynhun Majaw.
He said that the Chief Secretary has already sent a letter to the government on this matter.
Therefore, fortified foods containing vitamins/minerals have been distributed not only to the body but also to the brain (fortified food) through ration shops.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the Cabinet has approved the St. Xavier University Bill The Bill will be tabled in the Legislative Assembly starting tomorrow.
Was there even one? If I win, I will continue to strengthen this work so that the Khasi children in Mawlai Constituency will have the opportunity.
Genesis 12:2-3.
" “My choice of this word of life is because the Apostolic Nuncio, Most Rev. Leopoldo Girelli, asked me while he was in Delhi whether I accept this offer to accept as a Bishop and the struggle is very intense and I found an answer in prayer when I read the book of Psalms I found this word and I decided to obey this will of God even in the midst of not being fit and in the midst of many shortcomings to take over this position.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that today he met with the Rangbah Shnongs of Mawlai, together with various political parties in Mawlai. They submitted a petition which they have already taken yesterday at the meeting held at Mawlai.
The JARF has recommended to the CEM of JHADC to implement the J.H.A.D.C Act, 1952 which states that the J.H.A.D.C. Laws may also be enacted on the matters of the coal industry in accordance with Part II of the above Regulation.
Khan, 35, said, "Look, we Asians, we don't want to be boxers and we don't want to be famous athletes.
Shillong: Two persons were killed and another seriously injured in an incident in Chanangpara, West Garo Hills.
There will be no discussion on the issue of relocating government offices to Jaintia Hills.
“I urge that through this training, it will also be a training for the school and college students, their families, the residents and the District as a whole.
The match on Tuesday will be between Ryntih SC and Shillong Lajong FC at 3:00 pm.
On the PDF's support for the NPP-led MDA-II Government, Gavin said that the PDF MLAs left to support when other parties left because they understood that it could no longer be created. The synrop Government does not lead the nation.
People who have acquired knowledge when they take something from others don't shake hands because they think they can't pay back.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the police.
Because the soldier, has been in the Orthopedics Department for many days, there have been many people, whom he has met and the places he has visited and for this reason, he has been temporarily closed. Dr P Bhattacharyya, Director, NEIGHRIMS, Shillong, said that the hospital has been opened for emergency treatment.
She said that only Modi as the Prime Minister does what he says.
“Until now we have not received any complaint from these engineers, but we have received only from the BDO,” said the director of C&RD. The complaint was lodged with the police against the BDO after being screened by the media.
Besides, these factories have bought their own motor vehicles and loaded them first and delayed the vehicles of the indigenous people to load and transport goods which has affected the income of the truck drivers and made it difficult for them to pay their debts. Nidamon Chullet, president of JHTOA, said that the JHTOA has decided to intensify the protest to allow the villagers to carry dewbilat, but due to the problems, all the villagers have been urged to do so. to cooperate with the JHTOA until the demand is met and receive the new fare announced by the Government.
Therefore, through this statement, all the students who have graduated from this college are requested to attend this meeting.
The next match of the pre-quarter final will be between Wasa Football Club from Jaintia Hills and Imphal Football Club from Manipur on the 23rd. This month at 1:30 pm at Rowell Lyngdoh Stadium, Mawkyrwat.
After that, he left the school on a motorcycle to surrender to the police.
If people eat only these vegetables in the village, they should no longer get anemia or other diseases caused by malnutrition.
The incident happened at 4 pm, according to residents.
Conrad expressed his surprise at the VPP's reluctance to accept talks on this issue.
If you plant directly in the fields, it is best not to sprout the seeds.
Speaking to this reporter, Makham Bareh, Waheh Shnong of Lumshken, said, “We have been waiting for the color road because it is the only road that can transport people and We export our agricultural products to nearby markets such as Rymbai, Ladrymbai and Khliehriat.
The State expects to receive revenue of up to T.20 crore from the approved 2 lakh MT coal while T.500 crore from the shipment of 32 lakh MT coal. Many people are trying to improve their health, which has changed the lives of people.
Thank you for all your cooperation from 1978 to
Weakness due to lack of nutrients occurs if we eat too little or too much junk food.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 2: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District today announced the intention of the state government to promote the youth of YEES Meghalaya. to empower the youth through organizations, clubs and associations to work for the development of the youth.
The most important responsibility is that of the mother, because the father himself doesn't take responsibility because most of the time the father says to the family of others. It is this thought on the part of the father that makes the mother very angry who has taken on this responsibility which they should carry together as a family.
The incident occurred on the road from Pommura to Jowai.
The lightning struck and the pyrthat struck.
According to sources, the incident happened on Thursday, October 21, 2021 at Dadenggre village under Bajengdoba police station.
However, one of the unforgettable points of the meeting was the statement of Bahduh that his decision to contest this election is through the voice of Maieid in his heart every minute. and every hour that he was the one who would succeed him.
This is the challenge facing the Government.
If we continue like this, destruction awaits us and those who will suffer and be punished are our own descendants.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that 23 soldiers and 20 civilians have been killed in the floods of the Teesta River in Sikkim. .
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : The State Government on Thursday announced to suspend the recruitment of new posts and also decided to set up a committee on the Roster System.
At the same time, he urged the government to implement the 59 km Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road which has been demanded by the people of the area at a cost of Rs 84 crore.
Dunsford said Woh Kiang Nangbah had acted inhumanly and had not apologized to him.
“The Meghalaya government has received 11,000 metric tonnes of rice and the transportation from the ports in Guwahati is ongoing and has been handed over to the DCs of the state for distribution to the rightful beneficiaries. " said Prestone Tynsong.
Ms A Tariang said that it is necessary to start a school, because many of the students in this school are from the rural areas and do not receive education from the school. online class.
The first Assembly elections were held in these provinces in
Heroin weighing 108 grams was seized from these three suspected drug traffickers around Jowai.
There have been 43 new cases of COVID-19 in Assam today.
Although the state government has been quick to send the resignation of the MDCs who have been serving as MLAs, it is still easy to hold the elections which has been almost 10 years since the MDCs of KHADC and JHADC were elected as MLAs. , resigned in April of last year.
These two groups cannot be separated and must work together to implement the issues of concern to the people.
“It is sad to see and find that many young children have died prematurely just because of losing their property and this has hurt the parents and family members,” said Bah C. Blade.
Lensbirth alone improved the team and was named Player of the Match after the end of the game.
He visited this village after the complaint of many people who need electricity, because all the villagers do not have electricity and on this day they also inspected the place to install the transformer.
Also present on the occasion were the MLA of the area, Bah Gigur Myrthong, MLA of Nongstoin, Bah Macmillan Byrsat, MLA of St. Mary's Secondary School, Maweit Parish. The Deputy Commissioner of WKH, the SP, the Superintending Engineer of PWD (Road) Western Circle, the Executive Engineer of PWD, employees of the department, officers of various departments, Village Leaders and others thousand people came to witness that day.
Furthermore, we have seen that many other villages in the State have received foreigners who have smuggled into the villages without knowing what they are doing and working here.
Speaking to reporters, President Bah Gavin M Mylliem said that they came to the Lamphang's office to receive the letter of recognition from the Ïingdorbar on the joining of the PDF MLAs to the NPP. that they sent it to the Lamphang on the 5th of January.
He also strongly criticized the unemployment of the youth of the state.
In Delhi, too, the party did well, where it did not win anything in
The 600 residents of Khliehtyrshi decided to support Moonlight Pariat, UDP candidate from Jowai Constituency 2, at a meeting held at the old hall of Dulong, Jowai.
This will provide a total of 6,000 beds in and around Hyderabad as in June 2021, when the government announced plans to set up four hospitals in Gachibowli, LB. Nagar, Alwal and Erragadda.
Many have to spend several years in Mercy Home before they pass away.
Happily, God did not abandon the Wise Men from the East and they did not succumb to the temptations of King Herod to come and tell him about the birth of Jesus Christ.
Therefore, on this basis, the Nongpoh Town Committee has decided to exempt these villages from the list of the Nongpoh Town Committee and to give them to the free will of these villages.
Forward: Ningthoukhongjam Rishi Singh, Ahongshangbam Samson, Lairenjam Bharat & Aiborlang Kharthangmaw.
It is necessary to protect those villages on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, because through these border villages there are many roads through which the people from these two states, can enter and leave, so He also urged the DC and the village leaders on the border to cooperate with the government and also to ensure the entry and exit between people from Meghalaya and Assam. .
The truck, which collided with the Jeep, was coming from Laitlyngkot area and collided with the Jeep, which was carrying a trailer and carrying nine piglets. number ML 05 E 9392.
“It is difficult to see how the existing security forces, Z security for the Chief Justice and Category Y for the Judges, will be used, but there should be some security forces who should not wear all the shirts and should not be removed. said Singh.
Shillong, July 29: The Assistant Commissioner of Food and Safety, DBS Mukhim, today announced that the sale of fish in the market has been allowed. Andhra Pradesh has sent fish to Iewduh to test whether the fish are safe to eat or contain formalin. These fish were safe because they did not contain any Formalin.
If you don't have a bank account, how do you get your NREGA payment which should go directly to your account? This is where BDOs should conduct training or awareness campaigns from time to time.
In Hindustani it is called cuckoo.
She said that when the NHM is removed, the government has to recruit all the employees.
“We have some documents and therefore I cannot say from which state because unless there is an investigation into this, it will be difficult to identify the state,” she said.
Jesus speaks of the depth of this unconditional love.
He said that the KJBWA meat producers have not yet reported any complaints they have received from the market.
“We urge the government not to count us as mothers,” said Bah Nonglang and added to the people not to be fooled.
The next question is whether wealth alone can develop the country and the nation. Helping people is one thing and speaking to the nation’s problems is another.
The Indian Premier League (IPL), the most popular cricket tournament in the world, especially this season, has remained one of the most popular cricket tournaments in the world. The T20 League is the most important match in the world.
Shillong: Members of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) have blocked the road of trucks belonging to the management of dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills which were planning to transport goods to Kalain and Silchar in Assam.
Therefore, I don't agree with you.
On this occasion, some of the parents and elders said that if it is in this way that the Khasi youth do not have happiness abroad, it will discourage and encourage the parents to send them for education far away. and it is the duty of the government to provide relief to the youth who leave their homes to go abroad whether they are working or studying.
It was also found that some of the families have been severely affected by the earthquake, where their houses have been destroyed by the earthquake and they have had to live without a home. shed.
Tel Aviv, March 12: Although Israel has been criticized for the peaceful entry of Hamas militants on Saturday, a woman named Inbar Liberman has shown her courage. , has been able to save the lives of the villagers to fight against Hamas and shot dead 25 of them.
Ka jingsngewnguh ka leit  ruh sha ka Dorbar Shnong Lumpariat, Seng Kynthei Lumpariat, Lumpariat Youth Wing, Dorbar Shnong Mawlong, Ka Balang Presbyterian Thadlaboh, Ka Jingïaseng dong MLMJC, Jingïaseng Kynthei War Sepngi District, Jingïaseng Kynthei KJP Assembly, Jingïaseng Kynthei Jowai Presbytery, Jingïaseng Women of Thadlaboh Presbyterian District, Pastors, Elders and Elders from various churches as well as Rangbah Shnongs of various villages.
Speaking to media, u Bah Hek said that he has already sent a letter to 400 poor people in the constituency to provide financial assistance of T. They have set a time and date to collect the money as assistance, but the government has announced the closure of the dam. that there should be no gathering of people in his house.
Also present on the occasion were party leaders including State General Secretary Mukul Das, Dr Mizanur Rahman Kazi and Dr Prabir D Sangma.
Shortly after receiving the money, the robbers also gave them a mobile number and asked Bah Pringstar to call them and give them the remaining T.10,000 on the 3rd of June. , 2023.
The Chief Justice of the High Court has rejected the request of Julius Dorphang who is currently in critical condition in hospital.
Shillong, November 06 : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) through its General Secretary Donald V Thabah on Tuesday said that the KSU is not 100 percent against the railway line, but the Inner Line Permit needs to be implemented first. ILP).
The hunters never saw her again.
The purpose of the raid was to close down those shops which do not have trading licenses and also those which have not renewed their licences.
In fact, Afsal should have won the gold medal, but he was slightly behind and missed out on the top spot.
This partnership will also increase opportunities among fish farmers in Meghalaya.
Elizabeth Vincent, 26, from Ri Bhoi, who has been selected for the World Cup, has started training through her father Ian Vincent near Umtham.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Conrad Sangma said that the Jal Jeevan Mission is an important program for the Government of India and the State Government.
Speaking to media, the President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang said that the party has included the Reservation Policy in its manifesto. , to review this policy.
The submarine, which is operated by remote control, is intended to target Israeli ships or the country's wind farm.
Dr Mukul said that the present or future governments should create districts or civil sub-divisions but should not do politics.
This happens in many families in Khasiland and they believe that the intelligent is only the one who passes and gets high marks in school, not those who pass and get high marks in agriculture, manufacturing, trade and many others. that works power met.
It is highly suspected that this child committed suicide due to his youthful activities according to the letter.
The plane was 15 years old, according to FlightRadar2
Jowai: A 20-year-old youth named Ngeitmon Pala from Sakhian village in East Jaintia Hills has drowned in the Thlu-Muwi River this morning. a beautiful valley and his body has not been recovered yet.
The report also said that the trophy race has been decided with four games left and two years after Messi left the club due to financial difficulties. of the club.
The incident happened at Khamenlok village.
In the volleyball category, Mawtangden Sports Club lost 1-2 sets to Mawbidong Sports Club.
According to the RTI reply, there are 7 candidates who came to write the examination and scored 100 marks above. The highest mark was Laikynti Kharshiing, 30 years old who scored 120 marks followed by Melvereen Iangrai, 45 years old who scored Natalie Ione Dkhar, 34, passed from Shillong Law College with 118 marks.
This is the First resurrection.
He said that the government should look into the needs of this village as there are still many needs that the residents of 36 Khasi villages still need.
They demanded that the department should implement their new salary from next month.
The military source said there was no violence between the two sides and talks are ongoing to reach an agreement between the two sides.
“I'll do that.
Kympad said that the villagers have also opposed this behavior of the traders but they do not believe it.
There were 123 votes in NOTA.
There were also demonstrations by scientists of the division including Dr. B. Makdoh, Dr. Krishnappa R, Dr. Debashish Chakraborty, Dr. Letngam Touthang and Prabha Moirangthem. on the measures to improve the production of Krai in Meghalaya, by focusing on the measures based on technology and encouraged the farmers to strengthen the cultivation and production of Krai. good.
Police have arrested the principal after he allegedly followed a student and used hurtful words.
The release of the budget and the announcement by the Chief Engineer of PWD to improve this road has brought joy and happiness to the people of the border area. For 100 years now, the residents of the area have been suffering from the rough road which has become like a forest road, which has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the area especially during the rainy season. Vehicles cannot pass through this road on the border because it has become a snowstorm, a snowstorm and has endangered the lives of people.
The treatment costs T.9,000 for one injection per day and requires 21 days of injections.
Shillong, July 20: The North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) has become a battlefield between teachers and the Vice Chancellor over the HASA.
He said the security forces are doing their part to ensure that the elections will run smoothly as per the guidelines set by the Election Commission and the provision of security forces through the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Banteilang Shylla scored the first goal for Ladthadlaboh in the 60th minute.
Shillong: The Border Security Force (BSF) has alleged that the people of the state may have been involved in helping Bangladeshis to attack Khasi villages in West Jaintia Hills.
Furthermore, the public who requires permits should visit the office of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board at Lumpyngngad Shillong on working days or visit the website. magicmms.
Shillong: Meghalaya Police on Tuesday at 9.30 pm sent a video showing that up to 2,000 Sikh families have been detained in a police station. Gurudwara.
All ice cream vendors have been directed to stop selling ice cream until the testing report is received to confirm that these ice creams are safe to eat and free from COVID-1
Never before have any beneficiaries been asked about religion while receiving benefits from the schemes.
“We believe it is inappropriate to implement the policy without proper preparation,” said a statement sent to the minister and a copy given to the media.
After handing over the letter, he said that the Executive Chairman of MBOSE, Bah EP Kharbhih, has informed him by letter on his mobile phone that he will examine the matter within this month. He also promised to suspend the order for the time being.
Vivekannada Singh, IPS, Commandant 4th MLP Battalion, will take over the post of SP, Shillong.
In 2001 there were 130.03 million people.
And it came to pass, when he was asleep, that she called for men to shave off the locks of his head; and his strength began to leave him.
You have immediately provided oxygen to Delhi”.
The Dorbar was attended by all the Ministers, Basan and Bakhraw Batri of the Hima Mylliem and was conducted by the Syiem, the son of Pa'iem Thwelson Manik Syiem. King Latho Manik Syiem was in the midst of suffering.
“Everyone knows that the BJP is a strong ally in the MDA government and is watching over the work of the government,” he said.
He said that the pig farms have been assisted by the government from the block offices.
On the same day, the Seng had a chance to talk to the General Secretary, Hingaria Village, Samla Garnes Talang and he said that the village has no objection to the implementation of the science project. shiah, but it is sad that the authorities in charge of this construction do not believe in paying the compensation of the people especially these companies which execute excessively even in the areas where they no longer fit for purpose.
Our state is a small state and is also in grave danger of being overwhelmed.
On the same issue, the Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) has demanded that the Union Minister in charge of Defense should investigate the killing of two persons in Lum Garo and appoint a Independent investigation into the incident and punishment of the soldiers involved according to the law.
Prof RC Laloo at the meeting said that the state government provides special services for the teachers in the state. It is by education that they are implemented properly.
Under the independence of Meghalaya, it has reached 50 years last year.
On the other hand, the ASHAs said that if the government remains silent on this demand, they will continue to demand and intensify the protest in the state that the government should not only punish them in their jobs but also in their jobs. to address their problems and especially to implement their demands.
The line clearly says, 'When only others will go'
The District Covid Management Team has conducted contact tracing following the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in four villages in Jowai including Ladthadlaboh, Caroline Colony, Moosalyngkat and Lumpariat.
The four candidates are Martin M Dango of the NPP, Pius Marweiñ of the UDP, Pynshngaiñ N Syiem of the PDF and Jacquish Sangma of the Congress.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said groups of Sikhs from various Gurudwara committees had met him in Delhi and expressed their concern for the welfare of the residents. in the Iewmawlong area.
Hooid, I know that you have a headache, fever, chills according to the change of seasons, but at this time if you go to the hospital you will be tested for Covid, why? They are also afraid that somehow we have contracted the disease, the doctors are also people who have to think about themselves to get rid of this disease, that is why they are sleeping for us.
He said that when the Seng inspected the incinerator, it was found that the employee was on leave and it is not known whether there were other employees. do not bring.
This was announced by Bah M.Khongshei, Secretary.
On the other hand, he said that the Election Department will conduct a public hearing to explain to the voters their rights as citizens and also to know how to elect the right legislators and also not to biej in the strength of the strength of the money.
“Don't be emotional if you want to see the nation grow you have to work hard,” he said.
Despite the three months of unrest and bloodshed in Manipur, on another encouraging note, the state has welcomed the news that the The state scientist Dr Ningthoujam Raghu Singh who was one of the members of the team that worked within ISRO to launch Chandrayaan-3 to the moon.
Therefore, it is very good for the Congress Women or any other organization not to be the obstacles in the fight against this disease.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Jayson Lennox Nongrum President RBPC said that the party has taken a long path through the negotiating table and today the party has taken a long path of protest. However, if the government does not take into account the issue, the union has prepared other stricter measures. The government should take responsibility.
The former CEM of KHADC has expressed his concern over the change in the spelling of the Kurs and Jaits which has become very common these days. .
Shillong, Lber 16: The Paduryngkat Women's Wing in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan Jowai NYK has concluded a three month flower making training programme.
and its brightness was like a jasper stone, clear as crystal;
We as Lama Village EJHD, would like to clarify to you the people of Lama Village on the allegation that a woman named Kong Thrina Suchen, who lives in Lama Village, has been evicted.
There is a big difference between sending leaders and legislators.
Magistrates and employees of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) have conducted a raid around Shillong for more than 10 months after the Meghalaya High Court ordered that no more They sold the market on the road because it had stirred up the crowd.
They also strongly criticized the Congress party for holding the rule after the 2023 elections on the grounds that the people have rejected the NPP government and joined hands with other parties. National parties like UDP, PDF and HSPDP who claim to work for the people and the work they have shown to the people has been in vain and the people are still in great distress in the state. It has declined in all respects due to the increase in corruption.
There is no more talk of going to hell.
Shillong, June 27: The Green Tech Foundation under the leadership of Bah HBN Nonglang, Chairman, on 27th June 2024, visited the Thangsniang River at Laitumkhrah after receiving information that there is a building operated over the river.
Speaking to media, Kyrmen Shylla said, “My presence in the government as a minister is not for my family members to violate the law and even I will not. allow so.
Five people were injured in the incident and one of them was a woman. The injured were taken to Khliehriat CHC and two others were injured. Three others were taken to Ialong Hospital for serious injuries.
It was in this battle that Sir David Scott survived.
Through this order, the entry and exit of the village has been banned and the residents of the village have been ordered to stay at home.
When the time came, he first prepared his brother.
After receiving the complaint, the Consumer Forum has summoned MePDCL which distributes electricity in the area and said that under Section 12 of the Consumer Protection Act 1986, the Forum has received a complaint against MePDCL. lack of electricity supply.
All of these races will start 7 Am.
Nongthymmai SC opened the scoring in the 77th minute through Andyson Lapang.
Only one Supporter of the Candidate may speak before the Candidate.
Dr. Mukul said that there was a night school in Jaintia Hills which was established in 2013-14 but now as soon as this government came, the children don't want to go to school anymore and they have gone back. sha cream coal.
This is also an honor for me and the State as a whole where the AFI has started to recognize us in a small State.
Donald Trump reportedly conducted his meeting and was in the city for three hours before leaving.
It teaches to deceive, to deceive people, to torment and destroy life.
The Upper Terminal Point (UTP) will be located in the village area on an area of ​​2025 Sq.
This will also be the first time in the history of the BJP that it will field candidates from 60 constituencies in Meghalaya.
The Single Bench issued the order after hearing a petition urging the court to suspend the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed between the Meghalaya and Assam governments before the Minister of State. Amit Shah's visit to Delhi on 29th October
So far, nine persons have been arrested and Ma Showmewell B. Kyndait was arrested from Guwahati airport, where he was believed to be planning to leave for Bangalore and before that, Dkhar Schemelang (44) was arrested from Mooralong, Jowai.
Nongstoiñ, July 5: Thupthup Valley on the Rwiang River falls within the boundary of Mawsiangbah Village, about 3 km from National Highway 44 (E) Shillong Tura. beautiful to the extreme.
The government should look after the welfare of the people and economic development in the state especially in the rural areas, not rely on the wrong emphasis of the company officials.
Three power transformers at Moowakhu Substation worth Rs 3.5 crore caught fire on Tuesday.
The arrested were identified as Lucky Jana, 35, and Klissida Nongkynrih, 42, residents of Bishnupur.
There are 650 policemen in Kolkata who have tested positive for covid-19 in the past four months, of whom 512 have recovered and many others are still in hospital. .
Regarding the hearing, the CEM of JHADC said that out of the 18 Dollois, two have withdrawn after realizing that they have been misled.
“The border settlement will not be by the military or police or by the military, but by a policy of the Chief Minister Conrad K Samgma and the Prime Minister. Assam has Himata Biswa Sarma,” he said.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki MDC Umroi Constituency in the presence of Paidolyne L.Nonglait, DSO of Ri-Bhoi District School Education Officer. Bhoi Boby Nongbet, BDO Bhoirymbong, P.Mukhim, ST Rympei, Rangbah Shnong Lumdaitkhla, Bhoirymbong, teachers and students who came to support the athletes who went to represent their schools. they.
Rynjah said that police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident and are looking for more information on how this man entered the room of the mother. child to a three-story house and kill by taking him to the roof of the house to throw him into a bucket of water.
Nongdawah CC won by 6 wickets against Marbisu CC while Hurdles CC beat Pomshutia CC by 50 runs. Marbisu CC, which won the toss, did not manage to tied first but failed to score for the loss of 10 wickets in all 20 overs and scored only 90 runs.
Agnes Syrti, ANM of Jalaphet Sub Center has assisted 16 women in giving birth at home and also three women who have given birth in vehicles. to the Sub Centers or PHCs, this has shown her courage and determination and responsibility in the work she does.
Also present on the occasion was the Advisor of Laskein Block Circle Sajeki Passah who led the swearing-in ceremony.
There may be about 4-5 parties, but they must agree on one leader.
The union has also lodged a petition regarding the repair of the main line post which has been damaged and which has endangered the traffic of the residents and the houses nearby and this post light connecting from Syndai to the village. Muktapur.
S.O May God grant him a healthy body, wisdom and understanding so that he can continue to serve God in the days to come.
The WTC will be played at the Oval; London from 7th July.
A youth has been arrested by the police after he attempted to break into a house on November 11, while he was breaking into a house.
According to reports, the smuggling of illegal drugs, which is believed to have been done for three years, is not only at the DMHO office or at the SE (PHE).
When I met with one of the residents of Shallang who did not want to be named, he said that the reason why the number of factories has increased has increased. It is not because of the money laundering, but the main reasons are (1) that the government does not listen to the complaints of the people.
On the opening day, Meghalaya, which won the toss, failed to bat first and Himachal Pradesh scored 419 runs for the loss of six wickets in 72.2 overs. Aryan Bora took the wicket.
@ 11.30 AM- Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah vs Chutwakhu.16.09.23 @ 11.30 AM- Lumpariat vs Mooknor Thadmuthlong.
The people who lived in the Hima Jirang were Manar. The word Manar was later translated as 'Mynnar' which means Jirang is a Hima or Shnong and the people who lived in Jirang were called that 'Mynnard'
You say that the law is not only to prevent the illegal entry of mynder.
To become a traffic policeman in the North Korean capital, applicants must be between the ages of 16 and 26, if they are older, and about 5 feet 4 inches tall.
I have heard the complaints of many people who went to Shillong for medicine, such as those who went to Shillong to get medicine have been blocked in the villages above Nongstoin, those who went to Shallang have been blocked in the villages below Riangdo, Those from Langja who go to Nongstoin are blocked before reaching Kriangrin, those who go to work in the forest are blocked if they pass through a village.
School children in the rural areas don't have to spend a lot of money on their parents' money because when they get summer holidays, summer holidays, special holidays, they have the opportunity to help their parents either at home or in the hills.
The AITC, through its speech in Parliament, has said that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​should be included or recognized under Article 8 of the Constitution of India. why the BJP has not been able to achieve this despite the hearing.
The one day cricket tournament will see seven states divided into two groups of three each, followed by the round robin stage and the semifinals. and final, said Naba Bhattacharjee, NECDC Co-Convenor.
This is rare in Meghalaya.
After the incident, the electricity supply to the village was resumed on 22nd June and it may be recalled that the West Khasi Hills Sengbhalang, including the HYC, HANM, WKSU, WYF have also met with the DC of West Khasi Hills and the EE of the Electricity Department to demand the resumption of the work in the village.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through its Deputy Chief Executive Member (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the Council will take immediate action in this regard. to transfer back the Nongwah-Mawtamur Hima on the border with Assam to the Sohiong Lyngdohship.
The Minister also announced that a committee will be set up at the district level to look into the issues of the ASHA workers to facilitate the work.
The midfielder, who played for France in the 2018 World Cup, has returned to Turin in 2022 after his contract expired with Manchester United. United.
Only because of this action of Israel has there been bloodshed and violence in which the loss of lives has been terrible.
Therefore, where the government is unwilling or unable to provide any protection to its fellow citizens, the HNLC is within its own law and within its own right to protect itself from government or foreign attacks.
This was announced by D.Syngkon, District Sports Officer, Mawkyrwat.
Nine years ago, the law on having only one child was abolished, but even today, the desire for children does not happen among the people of China.
Besides the chief guest, EJDSA Working President James Sutnga, EJDSA General Secretary Comingone Tlang, principals and teachers from various schools in the district were also present.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that the bill to amend the Meghalaya Farmers Commission Amendment Bill 2020 has been brought by the Ministry of Agriculture. which was approved by the Cabinet.
The President of the Seng is Bah Khroo.
The State Government has also demonstrated the extensive use of them in 12 Districts of the State to check the illegal mining of coal as well as the transportation of goods by vehicles.
The residents of Nongstoiñ village are still walking to Nongstoiñ town due to the lack of road.
The Bible says that such a law is in the last days.
“The investigation has been conducted by the Anti-Evasion Unit of the Shillong Commissionerate,” said the Additional Commissioner of Central Excise in a statement.
– We all know that the rainy season is the time when food spoils quickly due to the heat of the weather and the spread of diseases and water pollution due to the floods.
The men's winner will receive 2 lakh tyngka and the runner-up 10 lakh tyngka, while the women's winner will receive 10 lakh tyngka. The prize money is 30,000 tyngka and the runner-up 20,000 tyngka.
Shillong, June 05 : The Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has proposed to promote adventure tourism, said the Chairman of the Corporation.
“Safe water supply" is one of the important components of JJM. At the time of JJM's inception, there were 14,020 arsenic-affected areas and 7,996 arsenic-affected areas. fluoride in the country.
Furthermore, the KSU said that this is where the lack of corruption of the leaders is evident.
Participants on the occasion were Dr. DR Wahlang, Program Officer, SCSTE, S.Kharsahnoh, District School Education Officer (DSEO), South West Khasi Hills, Resly Roy Pariong, Assistant Science Teacher, Pariong Presbytery Higher Secondary School and Bah Rajesh Wanshnong, Assistant Science Teacher, St. Peter's Higher Secondary School, Nongstoin as the evaluators in the presence of teachers and students.
Through the petition, the union also urged the SDO to order the Linemen in charge of the area to do the job properly as directed, as there are cases where the violation occurs. The electricity supply is only due to the lack of work of the linemen.
Lorence Zomuanpuia, 32, of Assam Bazar, ARC, Shillong and Lalmalsawa, 36, of Hunthar Veng, Aizawl, Mizoram have been arrested. East Jaintia Hills District Police have arrested 10 persons for allegedly smuggling drugs into Meghalaya.
For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul? Matthew 16:26.
When you are not allowed to sit, how can you collect taxes? When you speak thoughtfully, don't speak slowly just to get support without any basis.
The following articles have been translated into Khasi – Banteilang R Syngai has been admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital since 5th November 2020 after suffering from severe abdominal pain.
Barcelona are reportedly preparing to release Antoine Griezman to PSG instead of coming to Barcelona in order to sign Neymar.
Therefore, after a discussion between the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs and the members of the FKJGP, they decided to demand from the government to introduce the C&RD Block in Mawhati Constituency. They met and sent a petition to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Minister of C&RD Block in the State Government, for the implementation of this demand, which will benefit the people.
The blast occurred in front of the Israeli government building on APJ Abdul Kalam Road, which is also a heavily guarded area.
He also stressed on the need to promote and promote manufacturing and handicrafts among the wealthy people of the state.
“We will discuss this in the Cabinet meeting tomorrow,” District Council Affairs (DCA) Minister HDR Lyngdoh told reporters on Monday.
He said the meeting also decided to share information between the two countries to curb crime.
On the other hand, the EM in charge of the bill department, Bah Teibor Pathaw, said that the department has been allowed by the EC to issue labor license to foreigners.
Horkit – remember to support only the party led and owned by the Hynniew-Trep brothers and sisters.
In the seventh verse of the song, the words of the song say, “The Phareng came, the Dykhar came, The peace of the Khasi country, the light, the light, The darkness, the darkness, the flowers of knowledge. n phun"This word is a source of encouragement to our people by saying that our country and our nation is peaceful and prosperous with the infiltration of Khar lieh and Khar ïong into this country. our.
In the next match, Moodymmai Sports Club played Lumsliarsliar Sports Club without a goal.
At present, the price of soh from the state is T.40 per tonne, smaller and larger tons are cheaper while the price of soh from abroad is only T.10 per tonne.
“As a citizen, I cannot convey the problem to the CEO but it is through MIIS that the complaint has reached him,” said Bah Shadap.
He said the introduction of this new scheme is after the government has abolished the tin distribution scheme in the past.
Furthermore, discussions with various groups in the community, including NGOs, religious leaders and Rangbah Shnongs, will be held in the next few months as it will be more timely to provide the necessary facilities. Noting that the presentation will be a show, the Prime Minister said, “Many people don't understand what the roster is.
Shillong: The sad news for the people of the state is that the power outage will continue for 7-8 hours every day until it changes to another one and the reason is because the government does not have the money to buy electricity from abroad. lack of funds, in addition to the lack of rainfall to the point that hydropower projects had to be shut down.
Chettri was awarded the title of 'Rang ialeh ba Kynsai' and SCA has won three matches in all its matches.
The state government in 2011 had sent to the central government to have a ban on all political parties in the Council,” said the working president.
Along with the MLAs, political parties and religious groups will also be invited to the meeting, he said.
Speaking to media, Isawanda said the discussions with the groups of commercial vehicle drivers were on the basis of the demands sent by the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee of Commercial Vehicles on the issue of want to revise the fare.
Earlier, the WHO said that the disease is transmitted through the respiratory tract and is transmitted through the release of bacteria from the nose and mouth of an infected person. other people.
He said that the national parties are calling for nationalist elections but they are working with the ruling BJP in the country which has brought trouble to the country.
About 7,000 villages across the villages in Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills, through the Svamitva Scheme, which has been approved by the District Council, has been approved by the District Council. (KHADC) cannot provide these land.
John 1:4.
Rupang spoke to Bok, who is the father of the driver of the Max, but he said that he did not know anything about the bail. bail release, will likely Wednesday.
When inquired by the KHADC, they explained that all the results of the election of Rangbah Shnong, including the counting of votes, will be sent to the KHADC for approval. do what is necessary.
Ms Ampareen said the tender is currently underway to accept companies who wish to participate in the service delivery and one will be selected from among those who participate in the tender.
Kishore Kharka, 62, Nongmynsong, EK Hills, died on 25-05-2021 at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong. Bah Ker Dkhar, 40, of Madan Tyrpait, WJ Hills, passed away at his home on 25-05-2
It is understood that if the government does not release the president of the KSU and drop the charges, the KSU will call for more protests in the coming days.
It is not surprising that many Khasi players have participated in the Indian Super League (ISL) which is also one of the biggest leagues in the country. the honor though they are in the prominent clubs in India.
Secretary of the Committee Babu Kular Khongjirem welcomed the guests.
The role and impact of social media works well in developed countries as well as in educated and intelligent people. (educated and intellectual people).
Officials from various government departments including D.Hynniewta, Project Director, DRDA, Nongpoh, DD Umdor, EPHE, Nongpoh Division, RPde, Asst.Executive Engineer, MeECL, JE, PWD, Nongpoh Division, BDO, Umling C&RD Block and R. Sutnga, SDO, PWD, Nongpoh Division.
During the visit, the Estimate Committee of Meghalaya visited one of the Government Schools, Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalaya, located in Nai Basti, Kishan Ganj, New Delhi.
During the meeting with the Village Leaders from 8 villages in the Shilliang Wahblei area, the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister's Secretary, promised to take action to achieve this goal. of the general public.
On this occasion, the Police used a Gypsy vehicle to transport the soil.
A student brings a car, and this is what causes the traffic jam.
In a statement sent by DH Sumer, General Secretary FKJGP, East Jaintia Hills, he said that regarding the environmental clearance of Star Cement to mine coal on 42.051 hectares at Brichyrnot, it will endanger the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary. good with the mining area.
Bashisha Massar Principal of Auxilium Higher Secondary School, parents, teachers and students and other dignitaries.
In the second half, Lyngkyrdem Royal Challenger Wildelbert Marbaniang scored two goals in the 66th and 72nd minutes.
This happened at a place called Peniel, which means that Jacob (Israel) saw God there.
“We need good leaders and if they decide to join the party, we welcome them especially like Bah Ardent to the Congress.
It is clear that for the past five years, the government in power has not been able to rule in terms of cleanliness in all aspects...thank you very much.
Our Villages and Dorbar Shnongs are an example in the world in bringing the people into the pipeline of Participatory Governance.
However, at the same time, he said the central government has said that it cannot send police to the state at this time.
This is dangerous because states are now losing power.
A similar celebration was held at Nongkhlaw village where Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA Mairang who is also a Minister of State was the chief guest.
Rev.H.K.Nongbsap delivered the Word of God at 1:30 PM and spoke on the three issues of Truth, Freedom. and he emphasized the third point, Love, which he based on the Apostle Paul's first chapter and verse
He said that so far six teams have come forward to take part in this tournament.
Prestone said the Food Security Bill is a scheme that the government has set a target to reach more than 21 lakh out of 29 lakh residents of the state. village.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnongs also expressed their gratitude to the MDC for taking the initiative to bring together all the Rangbah Shnongs from the border area under the banner of the Border East.
He also confirmed to provide support to 12 Pig Breeding Centers in the state.
At the time of the construction of the Government Residential School and Teacher Training Centre, the residents of Byrnihati were very happy that it was a blessing to these areas. The building was left in the dark.
When asked whether anyone else has been arrested besides the five, he said, “This will come, I have not said anything yet.
“He also said that his Government has targets for Meghalaya among the 10 leading states in the country.
This time 2019, the fight will be very different, as many changes have occurred within the 5-year period.
The Minister was accompanied by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla and MLA of Sohra Constituency, Bah Gavin M. Mylliem.
Singh has made it clear to the NSCN leaders that bringing together all the Nagas is impossible, but they should give stronger powers to the District Councils and other public agencies in the State.
I don't want to enter Bollywood.
On this occasion, the Minister said that the government is now ready to respond to the Court.
Robin Minz made a name for himself in the media when he was bought by Gujarat Titans in the IPL 2024 transfer market. just 21 years old at Rs 3.6 crore.
Regarding the incident, the relatives of the teacher have lodged a complaint against the Principal at Umiam Police Station.
So far, 131,300 people have been infected and 5,699 have died since the outbreak began in China and strict laws have been imposed on the country's citizens.
Therefore, through this Sub Centre, it will be a part of helping the children and everyone from the youngest to the oldest so that they don't have to go for treatment or get treatment. Rangthong PHC or Mawkyrwat CHC for many needs and difficulties but they can get assistance from this Sub Centre.
Residents of Nongsning and Umrasong villages on 16th June 2013 have marched with flags and placards to protest against the Coke factory known as M/S Prisidium Brez on the border of Umrasong village, Nongsning. and Umtyra which fall under Sutnga District.
The tournament was also divided into three categories, Under-14, Under-16 and Under-18 for boys and girls.
The plane was flying from Surabaya, Indonesia, to Singapore, a transport official said.
They brought an old newspaper to clean the house.
The West Khasi Hills Block Level Under-12 Football Tournament 2023 has continued until the second day of this month.
We are confident that in the coming years other districts will follow the example of West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills to raise more goats to meet the needs of the state, especially the city. Shillong.
On the other hand, the union leaders requested and urged the Engineer and SDO to take action to install a machine transformer in Lakadong Ummat. They have suffered from the lack of electricity.
The union also raided construction sites including the house of former Home Minister HDR Lyngdoh.
Besides, the PHC is located on the main road and when there are accidents, most of the Police Patrolling Post Umkiang sends patients for treatment, but those who are seriously ill have to be taken to other distant hospitals. .
Tina Lakiang, resident of Mihmyntdu, West Jaintia Hills District, passed away on 27/04/24 at 2 pm.
The LORD is their strength, and the salvation of his anointed is ended.
Marsowki Suchiang scored the first goal in the 70+1 minutes.
Finleyness Bareh, Executive Member in charge of the Political Department of the JHADC, said that Khanduli village falls within the boundary of the council.
Their bodies were found in Ichamati and Dalda.
Lamphrang Blah, Minister & MDC, KHADC, HL Ryntathiang, Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh, Paiem Kestonbell Syiemlieh, Deputy Syiem, State Chief, Stening Jone Mawnai, Minister, Nongkhlaw Hima, Basai Lawrence , Minister, Nongkhlaw Hima, Dr BW Lyngdoh, and other dignitaries of the Khasi Hima, in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, who welcomed the US Consul General to the Holy Law of Mawphlang Hima, and the longheh from the USA was presented with a picture of the law kyntang and an article about the sacred forest.
He said that the strong opposition of the residents against the Acting Rangbah Shnong, Bah Bikendro Kharbani, is because the Syiem of Bhowal Hima has appointed the Acting Rangbah Shnong without the knowledge of the village.
This is since the formation of the State and the agreement between the leaders of Garo, Jaintia and Khasi is to establish two capitals for the State – Tura as the capital during the rainy season, from April to October and Shillong as the capital during the rainy season, from June to November.
The MPCC will begin its process by reporting to the AICC on the statements of Vincent H Pala, MP from Shillong Lok Sabha constituency, on the statement of the Congress party in Shillong. The CEM of KHADC who is also the Congress MDC from Mawsynram, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, has been suspended.
Peter left work at 5:30 pm.
Throughout India and the world, the trade is conducted by elders and is passed down to sons.
He should send a follow-up to find out what happened to this person and whether he still has any contact with anyone because he doesn't do it alone but he is involved with other people even from Delhi. .
The residents have been waiting since 12 noon today to block the garbage trucks from entering the area and at about 4.00 pm the waiting has been equal after 5 trucks and garbage trucks have collided with the garbage trucks. The victims who came from Jowai city have arrived at this place.
Shillong: Kim Khongsai, one of the drug traffickers involved in four NDPS cases in East Jaintia Hills, has been arrested on Tuesday. Khliehriat Police Station conducted a search operation and arrested the vehicle on the 27th March at 1 pm.
These eight persons were arrested by the army from Muktapur village at 10 pm from Mawpud 1284 near the village after they had smuggled the goods to Bangladesh.
Nongstoiñ: U MDC of Nongstoiñ Constituency, Bah LG Nongsiej today visited one of the small churches of Christ Church in Mawiong Lumsyntiew. The MDC also donated chairs to the church so that the church can be used in many ways.
Hundreds of SSA teachers who took part in the indefinite strike have stayed at the Parking Lot opposite the Additional Secretariat, Shillong to protest against the Government's salary fix for three months.
She said that the district authorities will start searching from this month for those who violate the decision to implement Odd/Even which came into force on the 5th of this month.
It should be understood...that we are completely different from others in language, religion, way of life and customs, from food habits and others.
The BSF has handed over the vehicles and sugarcane to the Customs Department at Dawki for further investigation.
Gogoi is the first Chief Justice from the North East and his term expires in November
“We should have thanked the government for introducing the ordinance but the people say it is not enough and the government will put a bill instead of the ordinance in the House,” said Bah Lapang.
It is to be recalled that the employees of MCCL, have held a four-day strike at Sohra, at the site of the dewbilat factory and after the strike, they have decided to rise. to Shillong to hold this meeting.
After a while you announced that only the TMC can fight against the BJP. Surprisingly, it is true, within a year you have entered the camps of the BJP.
It may be recalled that the Minister had said that the meat processing plant could be opened next month, but she said that funds are needed to start operating.
We have seen clearly for five years on the allegations of corruption and mismanagement and until now there has been no proper investigation into these allegations so how can we work with the NPP”.
He said that the color road from Mawlangsu ends only at Mawkyrtung.
The meeting was also attended by leaders from the college teachers who are also members of the MCTA. Council,” the statement said.
The State Government will have to take responsibility if the children and students of the State fail in their examinations, just due to the lack of light to prepare papers at night.
+91 60093 45457.
If you believe this, this writer is just advising the public that if you have the opportunity to visit the women who are working for 100 days under the MGNREGS scheme, you will see that they are sitting on their knees with a smile on their faces. the male is only with the Smuk.
The National Voters Day 5k Run will start at 6:30 pm from the gate of the JN Complex Stadium.
Shortly after, another message was sent, in which the swearing-in ceremony, which was scheduled to be held tomorrow, has been canceled and another date will be fixed for the swearing-in ceremony.
Through this incident, it has caused scientists to search for information about the existence of another life beyond the earth, or which confirms that man is not a human being. there is no one in the world.
In the dorbar held today, the opposition was confident that it is in the majority and that the ruling party has become small paid so they did not raise the issue of no confidence motion. They said that the CEM should resign when he is no longer in power and that he cannot conduct the work in the House because the ruling party has become low paid.
This donation was a sign of congratulations to Nehemaya Tyngkan, at the same time they said that the people are not people to be bought and sold but people who think about the life and death of Nehemaya Tyngkan. the people and the future of their children.
Vijay Hazare scored 247 runs in seven matches.
Examine their works, even the little ones, if you want to know what they are thinking inside their secret hearts.
“The protests called by the Sengbhalang have caused a lot of problems to the tourism industry, and this has affected our people who live and earn from this industry,” said Bah Robert.
(b) the curtain in the temple where the high priest used to sit was torn in two.
The six cases include Youdishthra Bham from Assam, Ashish Arya from Guwahati Assam, Khrawbok Rongrin from Shallang, Hopeful Nongtdu from Rymbai Synrang, Yaman Bansal from Beltola and Eras Dkhar from Guwahati. Nongstoiñ, West Khasi Hills.
If the Holy Spirit is taken away, Satan will come to rule here on earth.
However, another group demanded that a foreign pandit should not be allowed to become a pandit in the village as the Lehniam in the village is a mixture of Hindu and Niamtynrai.
She said that although the NPP party has spent a lot of money during the election campaign, but this investment of theirs has not worked, in which the candidate The NPP has been defeated in the prime minister's own constituency and this has great hope for many churches.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, said that the clash was brought under control after Magistrates and Police were sent to stop the clash from both sides.
Seven teams have reached the final of the Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) East Jaintia Hills.
The following day, the MLA of East Shillong Constituency, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, denied that it was an ethnic clash, and ordered the police to conduct a thorough investigation to find out the cause of the incident. the boundary of the border between the two groups.
In this regard, the union requests all the students who come forward to submit their mark sheets to the union office bearers before that date, said a statement from the Publicity Secretary Samla Iahphang Dkhar.
Therefore, the people of the state were very happy when the MDA government came because they expected it to do better and govern better.
"“By bringing these medical equipment to the most remote parts of the country, we want to fill the void so that the people of Shillong and surrounding states don't have to go for medical treatment. to distant clinics.
This is his second half-century in the tournament, after scoring 52 runs against Myntdu Lions on Monday.
According to the notification, the state government has also said that all the appointments and issuance of advertisements for various posts which have been suspended in the past, have been resumed and should be followed strictly. The Office Memorandum (OM) has been amended on the reservation roster since 14th July.
(to assemble peacefully without arms).
Vivek Syiem said that it is necessary to understand and explain to others and also to speak in clear words so that if anyone does not know the SOPs they can understand and try to follow the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. .
Regarding education, he promised to restore the lost glory of education in the state by improving and reviving education.
“The State Government can bring forward a complete plan to allow coal mining in the State in compliance with the provisions of the MMDR Act, 1957,” said the Full Bench headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee. The Court also directed the State Government to submit a full plan for the auction and transportation of more than 31.26 MT of coal mined and collected. thup throughout the State.
UDP leader Tistosstarwell Chyne and Jemino Mawthoh, who led the NERPF delegation led by Nagaland Chief Minister Neiphu Rio, will meet the President on 17 issues. It was adopted at a meeting held in Guwahati on 26th March.
In 2003, he became the Minister of Home Affairs and the Minister of Education of the State Government led by Bah DD Lapang.
It is also at this time that the candidates who intend to contest from different constituencies try to show their faces with donations especially through football tournaments or by building footpaths, maintenance, help the sick or the needy and many others.
Jowai: The protest against CAB in Jaintia Hills has intensified after the robbers burnt down the MTC office in Jowai.
“The recent controversy regarding the CUET examination has clearly shown the inability of the State to prepare for such examinations,” said the union leaders in a statement. not sent to the Prime Minister.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs as the Chief Guest and President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association Bah John F Kharshiing as the symbud. Parents of the participants and teachers from schools and colleges were also present.
The Union said that since 24th November, the State Police have allegedly tortured members of Oil Tanker Drivers and assistants on charges of illegal activities in Ri-Bhoi District starting from 18th Mile.
"This bill will be taken up in the Budget Session starting on 9th October," he said, adding that the government will implement it once the Governor approves the amendments. law.
Robert Kharshiing is the son of (L) Martin N. Majaw, MLA and former Minister of State, who was the drafter of the Land Transfer Act.
“It is necessary to preserve the Khasi language to promote it and I promise to give as much support as possible in this regard,” he said.
Jowai, November 13: As usual once a year, except during these two years of Covid-19, the Eucharistic Procession of the Parish Jowai was held today (12/12/2022) at Thousands of parishioners from 18 parishes of the Diocese of Jowai attended the Eucharistic Procession of the Diocese of Jowai.
Sohan D Shira wants to intimidate the people by committing border activities because they no longer support the GNLA. it's like this can happen.
Shillong, July 12: U Toshan Kharumnuid, a Khasi student who has passed the JEE Examination Advancement this year, will get admission to one of the four IIT Centers in the country out of 17 IITs. Center.
“Our farmers' complaint is to eliminate this kilo cut but in the absence of a proper law it is difficult to implement.
This pajwa is capable of converting all kinds of waste except silver, iron and electronics, building materials and others.
After seeing these flags, the reporter asked the shops nearby why these small flags were erected and what their purpose was. These flags have been removed since the time when Muslims celebrated Eid and have not been removed yet.
He also criticized the NPP candidate Bah Saiñkupar Riahtam for saying that he is a retired officer whom the government does not need to put in office because his mental powers will not be enough. for he is old, and hath paid him the pension of old age without work.
Therefore, it is surprising that the central government through the Ministry of Home Affairs has not listened to this demand from Meghalaya even though it has been a demand for more than 50 years.
“Through this statement, the union also informs that if it is found that there is any discrimination against the paradoh parasnam in this recruitment in schools or recruitment in violation of the Reservation Policy, the union will take other measures. Strict measures and full responsibility will be on the Education Department of the State,” said the Seng.
I think that's why they've been waiting for the President's Rule,” said Bah Ronnie.
The central theme of Tielarun has emerged from the stories and legends of the Khasi people, but it has not been explained in the story to be understood according to the society of today.
The village council has convened a public meeting today to discuss and clarify the allegations against four village officials and VDPs against the family members of Emmanual Marak who passed away recently. allegedly shot by these men.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that Meghalaya has about 55,000 teachers and each teacher of different ranks has his own demands including full recruitment, dfficit pattern. , adhoc big bad provincialization.
Sanbor Shullai said that this has created problems for the people because they have to spend money and have to do many tests to build houses such as testing the soil, and those who have already built also need They must have an Occupancy Certificate to enter the house, otherwise they will not get water or electricity.
Of these, 107 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 88 cases from South West Garo Hills, 2 cases from Ri Bhoi District, 2 cases from East Garo Hills, 4 cases from East Jaintia Hills and 5 cases from West Garo Hills. and 4 cases from North Garo Hills.
It was also learned that a house in Sohra, Pdengshnong belonging to Kong R.Khongsit was also damaged.
The 2nd Meghalaya State Level Karate-Do Championship 2023 will be held at Madanrting Indoor Sports Hall on 14th and 15th June
The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA-R) has helped curb the smuggling of sugarcane as many smugglers are trying various tricks to escape from the BSF. ), who is also the leading suspect in many kidnapping cases in South Garo Hills, was arrested from a nearby village in East Garo Hills District on the 22nd of this month.
Speaking to some of the people in the town, the reporter said that this action of the government has shocked them because many of those whose names have been published do not know that they have been published. other places where they do not stay.
“We want the state to be free from insurgency during these three years of MDA government,” said James K Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs. day.
Afterwards, the prizes were awarded to the winners of the Traditional and Cultural Dance category. Women's Cultural Society.
Through the day, which he distributed to the drivers of Mawhati area, which he held at Laiphewdiengan, Mawhati and Umssohlait, the MLA of Mawhati, said that as a leader, he understands. The problem faced by the people and especially by the drivers of commercial vehicles from Mawhati area.
Speaking to reporters, the SP of West Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that after receiving the complaint from the police, The DMR has also conducted a search operation on these trucks and in the past few days, the police have seized about 12 trucks.
Vishal Konwar scored 24 runs off 31 balls while Rohit Rai tied 21 runs off 32 balls.
We have to take this COVID-19 as a mental illness and if we are afraid it means we have already lost in our fight against this disease”.
There were Kur Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Raid Dorbars and Hima Dorbars including Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars, Basans, Daloiss, Lyngdohs, Ministers, Wahhadars and Syiems.
The Government's search for foreigners who entered the state through inner line permit, but disappeared later, has made it difficult for the Government to find, even if the phone number they have given, has been tried to find out.
She said that division is part of politics at this time of elections and it has nothing to do with the intention of some to leave the party.
India has moved closer to reaching 100 medals at the Asian Games 2023 with 86 medals on Friday, including 21 gold, 32 silver and 33 bronze.
When inquiring about the damage to the house, it was learned that it has not been badly damaged, as the robbers have not been able to cause much damage, but there has been only damage to the doors of the house.
“The most important thing is that we have to understand that Shillong is the capital of Meghalaya and whether it is 4000 or 5000 sq ft can serve the State.
Rajapaksa on Saturday announced that he will step down as President of Sri Lanka after protesters seized the President's residence. this country; But last night, Rajapaksa, 71, fled to the Maldives with his wife.
There are 23 IIT schools in India.
Jesus said that He is the Alpha and the Omega, which means, the Beginning and the End, the First and the Last.
But he does not come for the unbelievers and those who resist grace, but for those who look forward to receiving salvation, eternal from him.
The BCCI has released Mohammed Siraj from the national squad ahead of the start of three ODIs against the West Indies due to a leg injury, the federation said on Friday. .
Ribhoi District has recorded 134 new cases, while East Khasi Hills District has 128 new cases.
Speaking to this reporter, the residents urged the authorities of the department that if the employees of the department cannot do their job as assigned to them, they should be dismissed and to bring in skilled people.
Shillong: The Rangbah Dong of Chinapatty, Malki, Bah P Kharpuri, on Tuesday said that it is surprising that the office bearers of this village have not received any information until the release of the newspaper. order that this area has been declared a containment zone.
According to Bah Lapang, these two Bills have shortcomings because they conflict with the laws of the state government.
“I don’t count on the opposition because I don’t know what’s going to happen.
Lancaster Mawthoh won the cash prize of Rs 15,000, Ïaitreilang Warjri won the cash prize of Rs 10,000 and Fred Malki won the third prize of Rs 5,0
Referring to the allegation of illegal coal trade, Sanbor said that the handover of the coal that is still on the ground to Coal India Limited should be expedited.
The price of Yellow Maize is 2210 tyngka in Khasi Hills and 2450 tyngka in Garo Hills.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of Khaw Ration for the month of August,
KN Nehru said that the Biharis are mentally retarded, but at the railway plant in Trichy Ponmalai alone, there are about 4,000 Biharis working there.
He urged the people to take advantage of all the benefits of this Sub Center and to get all the health services and encouraged the women to go to school. He also urged the children to avoid child marriage.
I will sit alone in front of the Secretariat and we will start the indefinite strike there,” said Bah Ardent.
He said that in the last MLA elections, the NPP did not know those parties that lost during the elections but now in the MDC elections it has already prepared.
“Through this and other related programs of various government departments of Meghalaya have started and are now progressing to show the way,” said Conrad.
On the other hand, the CEM also requested the Syiem of Mylliem Hima not to issue a non objection certificate (NOC) to those foreigners who open their shops without Regarding the letter sent by the Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendor Association, which is an association of street vendors, Two leaders of the party, S Thabah and Biolin Pyrtuh, who alleged that there was a violation of the court order in connection with the arrest of the vendors, were also signed. On the other hand, the CEM explained that the council did not go to check those who sell land, but they went to check those who do not have license, even if they sit on the ground. or in the shop and if they do not have a trading license the council will expel them.
The date and time of the awards ceremony will be announced later.
At the same time, he encouraged Alexander Lyngdoh who has led India in the past few days and wished him to continue to work hard to win any matches.
The Minister said that the Government will work with experts, various groups and the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) – KHADC, JHADC and GHADC to achieve this goal.
In the men's hockey team, the men's hockey team reached the semi final after beating Bangladesh 12-0 in the final match of Pool-A. The winner of the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has won the title of the 2nd Division Football Tournament.
“The Social Welfare Act, 2020, states that the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act (KHAD) does not prohibit the issuance of Schedule Tribe Certificate to an applicant who takes the jait from his father or mother. the house of the husband and the wives.
Therefore, she urged the Minister to take action to provide good stadiums and to improve the Nongpathar Stadium.
Wildlife Week is a program held annually during this month to raise awareness of the importance of wildlife and plants and to protect them as well as to preserve all living things on earth.
The search for the coal miners who were trapped in the coal mine in Ksan village, has not worked at all today and it is learned that the reason for the inability to search for the coal miners who have been trapped in the water, It is because the water level is very high in the cave.
The death toll in Wales has risen to 29, 16 in Scotland and two in Northern Ireland.
Furthermore, the KSU has questioned the government that if these students do not receive adequate education, what will happen to the students?
They carried a placard with slogans demanding the immediate release of their President, the removal of Major Saikia, that the drivers are not victors, but are only subject to the the MV Act 1988 and other documents.
I am afraid that if the people are misled to vote, it is because of the parties that are now misleading the people in the name of development and not to protect the minority,” he said. said Bah Metbah in his address to the crowd of more than 10,000 people.
Never raise your voice for any reason to your husband.
Nongrim Hills SC beat Mawkhar SC 2-7 goals in the second leg of the second leg which was played at SSA Ground, Polo at 2:45 pm. khyrwit hat trick tam shi goal (4 goals).
Jowai, Naitung 08: The Orphan Children Foundation under the leadership of Father & Founder Chairman Bah L.Dkhar on Saturday distributed food items to orphans and children with disabilities in the village. Saphai West Jaintia Hills District.
“The auditorium, which can accommodate 500 people, will be operational by the end of this year.
“Although the NOC is only to increase the price of uranium, the company has illegally mined uranium,” said the president of HYC Mawlong Unit.
The prize money was divided into three categories, Junior, Senior and Team.
At first, many of them were shocked.
“It's a little sad, it's sad that the culture has been destroyed,” said Bah Kit.
However, for a while, Morsing, the king of the courts, by throwing away his mother-in-law, made a way to separate the kingdom from him and become a separate kingdom.
The meeting was held between the Central Mine Planning and Design Institute Limited (CMPDI), the Forest Department and the Earth Department. Minor or Major Minerals.
“Like the current situation in the state, I doubt that anyone will want to invest in our state”.
“I am the LORD, and there is none else: beside me there is no God.
If this bill doesn't work now, it will be too late for our beloved Khasi people and also for the state of Meghalaya as a whole, because it is a stick to fight, now and in the future. There are many foreigners who have come to marry our Khasi girls.
On this occasion, the RMS had the opportunity to distribute blankets to 170 residents of the village and the Waheh Shnong Yowanphi Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to the Ramakrishna Mission. which has donated to the village as a sign of support to the brothers and sisters.
The meeting also expressed the main objective of the proposal to include Adhaar in the electoral roll in accordance with the Election Commission of India (Representation of People Act, 1950). from 1st July 2022 to ensure during the registration of voters and to prevent the same person from having two names in other constituencies or in the same constituency.
On his joining the UDP party, Eugene said that the reason for this is because of his satisfaction with the party which has hope and has a bomb that ties the blood vessels of the nation how we can achieve the aspirations of the people.
On the memorial day of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw, Tirot Singh, let us remind ourselves that after the arrest of Pa'iem Tirot Singh, the Hima Nongkhlaw had to pay a heavy fine. to the greatest extent of the Hima.
In this too, agriculture and industry have been combined to produce a variety of marketable foods.
The question is, if you don't have joined politics, who can start a business or start a company to improve the state? The poor have forgotten to be able to employ others, not even themselves and to take a loan it is difficult to pay interest exactly and other problems.
Bah Drola received 5500 votes in the MLA elections and admitted that these were not Congress votes but from the votes he received through leaders who loved and trusted his leadership.
This action of this MDC has upset them because he has no responsibility for his people.
Shillong, July 8: The state government has refused to refund T.17 crore from the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) Phase. III.The Government Newspaper on Monday said that the Central Government has refused to refund the money even after the State Government has repeatedly requested to refund it for the water supply scheme. in Shillong.
Gaurav Dutta of West Garo Hills beat Jeffreyford Lyngdoh 21-16, 21-11 while Enrique Syiem of Ri-Bhoi District beat Banshanlang Pariong 21-1 Raynel Kharbuki of East Khasi Hills beat Banshanbor Lamare 21-9, 21-14, while Dabiangsakani of West Jaintia Hills beat Baphishisha Marshillong 21-9, 21-1 West Khasi Hills won 21-18, 21-12.
Paul Lyngdoh and Ardent Basaiawmoit are the two brave leaders to speak out on the protest of the political parties. KHNAM MDC Adelbert Nongrum is also one of the brave leaders. to speak and support the political parties.
Ronnie said that the lack of adequate health facilities has forced even the doctors to leave here and now that there is an AIIMS in Guwahati, this will cause more problems to the poor people. to access treatment elsewhere.
Police from Nongpoh Police Station on receiving information about the incident rushed to the scene to provide assistance to the injured and those who were rushed to hospital.
The Government has wondered until this century why it still appears like this.
“We have issued an order to amend Section 8 of the Town Committee Acts 1960 to empower the Executive Committee to implement the Building Act in areas where there is no Town Committee. “We have issued the order under Rules 29 and 29 of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya Rules,
Shillong: Two women, Badrinam Khongkrom, Nohwet and Latyngshaiñ, Pynter, Shillong, have said that they have been accused of many incidents. Prestone Tynsong said that the incident occurred in the state.
Manipur police today arrested a man involved in the 26-second video from Thoubal district.
He also promised to direct the troops of the camp to provide services to the people and urged the people and the villagers or VDPs from the area to be cooperative. inform and assist the BSF or the relevant authorities to be ready to report any incident and suspicion of any person who commits such an illegal act.
(Thy kingdom come).
Police said that the GNLA fighters were on a hillside about 800 meters away and when the police tried to turn to the area, the GNLA opened fire on them. .
To combat this disease, tympew should not be planted from any infected field, and tympew should not be planted in the same area where the disease is present for several years.
The Act has been published in the Gazette of the Government of India yesterday.
Therefore, the union demands that the Act should be repealed, but should allow a few thew places and that the government should also put them in their own place, or by taking over. from the private sector and that it is not necessary to allow the parking lots to be taken over by the private sector.
Riakor Phanbuh, one of the women whose names are on the ration card, said that besides these 14 people including Lukas Khongjee and Phoh Ksing, they have not received food for 14 months. Another incident has been that the distributor of rice has been robbed and this is that some of the people have taken rice two or three times while their card shows that they have taken rice for many months.
MegARISE is an important implementation issue, and to focus especially on the water supply and management in Shillong and Tura which are severely affected by many implementations as well as population growth and between that bag sor.
Several fire engines rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire and managed to extinguish it after about 10 hours.
The inspection was held on Thursday last month, under the leadership of the Chairman of the MFA, Bah Sunesh Syiem, along with three coaches including Bah Bobby. .
They have been handed over to the District Child Protection Officer (DCPO) for custody according to the rules of law.
On the 10th of this month, a day laborer named Arjun Ray, 52, died of injuries after he and two others were shot dead by robbers in Mawlai Mawroh. Shillong.
In January 2019, there were 4.39 billion people using the Internet.
Because the Word of God also says that it is lawful to do good works on the Sabbath.
On the other hand, the DC, after a thorough discussion, promised in front of the Journalists Association of West Khasi Hills District, that he will take action on this issue so that such incidents will not happen again.
K.Lyngdoh Tron, Journalist or Correspondent of Mawphor and Highland Post East Jaintia Hills District for her contribution in the field of journalism. Khahnar and Moolamylliang villages have also been awarded 100 percent Institutional Delivery, Samasi, Tuber. Kmaishnong and Natborki villages have achieved 100 percent routine immunization coverage in the district.
Shillong: Diantimai Wanswett, 82, of Mawkdok, East Khasi Hills, who died at home, followed by Dominic Pyngrope, 71, of Nongrah, Shillong. Horkin Mukhim, 50, of Kylla Pamti, Mawlasnai, Ri Bhoi District, passed away at home. The deceased was identified as Baiamon Kharmuti, 45, of Mawlai Mawdatbaki and Banti Wartde, 38, of Mawkyrwat.
The JAC has requested the SDO to take action as soon as possible on this request, as the villages under these areas have suffered from the lack of light due to the distance of the old power line.
It is on this basis that we will be able to consider which is better and we will take a decision,” he said.
Also speaking were Bah Donlang Sohkhlet of Umsning and Bah Auspicious Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Constituency.
At the end of the tournament, St. Francis D'Assisi School Siejlieh became the winner in all categories with 112 points.
In this regard, the Home Commissioner of Mizoram and Secretary H Lalengmawia expressed the hope that the state government will receive more assistance and support from the central government to provide more assistance. 11,800 homeless people have fled Manipur.
On the 4th November 2023, the PWD department has completed the installation of these Speed ​​Breakers at both the places.
This is important in today's world of relationships.
In recent years, various volunteer groups such as the Karbi National Volunteer (KNV), the Karbi Peoples Laberation Tiger (KPLT), the Karbi Longri Raikom Association (KLRA) and the United Peoples Democratic Solidarity (UPDS) have emerged. easy and powerful to encourage them to do this work.
" Leviticus 18:2
Shillong: U Bah Mosjo Rockfeller Wanswett today filed his nomination papers as the SDO (Civil) Sohra Bah L Kynjing as the candidate of the People's Democratic Front (PDF). Lyngdoh, Hamletson Dohling, Gavin M Mylliem and other party leaders.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The Meghalaya Newspaper Hawker & Vendor Association (MNH&VA) in collaboration with the Mission Trust and Bawri Nethralaya under the supervision of Dr SP Saikia and Dr (Ms) V Surong Theilin Phanbuh, Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MST) was the chief guest. Security Academy (NESA), Shillong.
“As the President of the Mahila Morcha, I am sorry that the word Jaintia has not been included in the State Anthem.
Lahkmen Rymbui said that most of the students who have reached the age of 18 years have already been vaccinated against Covid-1
This unit is known as the KSU Namdong Unit.
Therefore, the government does not have the right to vote for the citizens who have the right to vote.
Before confirming the new office bearers of FKJGP Shillong City, Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, President FKJGP Sengkmie, explained the principles and objectives of the FKJGP Shillong City. He also urged the members to have a brave spirit that is not afraid, not afraid of the FKJGP. He warned that the members of the party should not be selfish. He said that the members of the party should not be selfish.
He promised in front of them but later gave him a license.
She said that in the future, there will be many tourists in the area and even those from outside the state.
It is alleged that the search operation by government officials from the Assam Forest Department started at 1-2 pm.
Ho,oid my dear friends, this anxiety does not affect only this person but affects everyone, especially the parents and even us young people, we can say that this anxiety affects is a burden among the heaviest.
The cleaning of the Myntdu River is also part of the 75th Independence Day celebrations known as the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav.
Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at the rate of 7.215 kilograms per card at a price not exceeding Rs.14/- per kilo.
Shillong, Nailur 16: After 52 days of abduction, police have rescued a man and he has now returned home.
In a meeting with the CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, he admitted that a new company has come to the JHADC to apply for NOC but the council has refused and ordered it to provide all the requirements. The JHADC has not issued any NOC or any documents regarding the new dewbilat factories in the country. -Jaintia Light.
The association has warned of strict action if it finds such vehicles.
This was confirmed by the Speaker of the House after receiving the No Confidence Motion (NOM) tabled by the Members of the Opposition in the House today.
Hazare has been on hunger strike for seven days and has vowed to return his Padma Bhushan, the third highest award recognized by the Indian government.
The winner of the tournament will receive 2,30,000 tyngka and the runners up will receive a cash prize of 1,20,000 tyngka.
He said the KSU does not want the youth to take up arms against the government.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong today won both the U-18 and U-14 categories.
However, it is also the responsibility of every citizen to think for the common good of all and forget about personal interest.
Then he said, “.
The puja is not only for Hindus, but in many places where non-Hindus have also participated.
Although the government has said that it will take more action this year in the dorbar, the implementation is far from what they say.
The NEIPF, which includes the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), the HNYF and the Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), has also demanded the establishment of a fully functioning branch of the NEIPF. The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF), like the SB, CID in the State, will be headed by a Chief Inspector General (IG) and will be responsible for the fight against drugs.
They are trying to bring about change in Meghalaya and their ability to create job opportunities and also to promote economic development by implementing many projects to employ young men and women and also to bring about improvement for students is something we need to talk about.
“We the Khasi people are still children in terms of thinking and understanding, unlike the Garo people who understand the political system well and are more intelligent.
The KSU appeals to the people of Bri Hynniewtrep to expedite this work, as the people of Bri Hynniewtrep, suffer when they travel to and from Bangalore and it is reported that many parents, who go to Bangalore “There is no space at Meghalaya House,” said Emojohn Syiemlieh, General Secretary, KSU Bangalore.
Many of the guys he used to support are starting to show up.
In this regard, the CoRP has questioned who that Pir is and how Bah Rymbai, who came to confirm that he had property and tens of lakhs of rupees, left after four years.
The walkway is from the State Central Library to the IGP, Kachari, Deputy Commissioner's office, AG Office, Post Office, BSNL Office, Barik Point, Malki Point, Dhankheti, St, Edmunds, Fire Brigade towards Laitumkhrah, Don Bosco Point, Dhankheti, Malki, Barik, Civil Hospital, IGP/State Central Library.
On this occasion, the VPP MLAs have also criticized the opposition, how can the VPP candidate be sent to Delhi when they are against the Hindi language.
Dr HH Mohrmen in his opening remarks, said that it is expected that the farmers after completing this training will be able to improve their farming methods, as well as to make fertilizer and pig feed using nuts from decaying products.
HH Mohrmen Secretary of SURE said that training will be given in up to 16 types of methods and areas necessary to develop and improve rural agriculture.
According to the FIR lodged at the Cantonment Beat House, a vehicle took pass the scooty he was driving and ordered him to stop after some robbers got out of the vehicle and started assaulting him. caused minor injuries to parts of the face.
“Ade Mei, I'm going to eat now at two o'clock,” said Rida.
Students of David Edward UPS Mukhap, Mukhap UPS-Secondary and Lumlihoi UPS SSA participated in the programme. T War, District Soil and Water Conservation Officer (T) Division Jowai and the village leaders of Mukhap including R Lapasam, Waheh Shnong Mukhap, SM Lamare (Chairman Wahiongnoh Mynsar).
Furthermore, the Hilux's 700mm water resistance makes it suitable for Indian roads, and rough roads.
When asked whether he will contest from Shillong constituency, Hek said he is not responsible for taking a decision on this issue as only the central government leaders have the authority to take a decision.
This cannot be denied, as it has been confirmed through the documents that Bah Vincent Pala MP has worked hard for the two projects, Nongstoin-Maweit-Nongjri Road and Jowai-Moulsei-Silshar Road in the same file.
Kynshi Mawria, Powell Sohkhlet, Adhoc President and Nongkasen Sordar, Bleater K Budnah, were appointed Adhoc Secretary.
That is, they did not have to repent until the last days of their lives.
On the other hand, the DC urged the people to buy the products produced by the SHGs and if the management of this shop is proper, such shops will soon be opened in other larger markets in the district.
Speech was delivered by Kongsan Bah D.Rapsang who is also the DYC. On this occasion, Kongsan Bah D.Rapsang stressed that it is necessary for the youth clubs to join hands with NYKs to bring about the benefits and development of youth clubs in their working methods.
In addition, this place is very beautiful and is covered with wild mountains.
Police have registered a case against the two men, on the incident, which happened at 1 pm today and said that two members of the HNYF, including Bless Dkhar, President of Shillong Region.
The Inquiry Officer in charge of the claim must take a decision within 10 months from the date of receipt of the claim. and to send the sanction order to the General Insurance (GI) Council with notice to the relevant authorities of the Motor Accident Claim Tribunal and the Transport Commissioner.
He said that as a youth he has a desire to bring a Degree College at Lum Diengiei and an Eklavya Residential School in the constituency for the improvement of education.
Langsning FC beat Golden Lion FC in the second quarter final of the Mawlangwir Sports Club Football Tournament today. .
He said that on Friday during a public hearing at the Meghalaya Cements Limited premises in Thangskai, a clash broke out between the police and the protesters. .
We have our own people who are intellectuals from the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people and we also have MLAs so we should appoint IAS, MCS, IPS, IFS, Professors, retired Judges, Advocates who are well versed in the field and so on.
In the complaint, Ma Pala alleged that Shullai used to release trucks carrying excessive amounts of coal and take illegal money.
They were arrested while they were on their way to Dokhongsi market, a market near Kharkutta.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 51901 and out of these 46676 have recovered and 871 have died.
“The government has brought its own blueprint.
He urged the NIFT authorities to work with the universities of the world to open up opportunities for the students to get more knowledge and understanding from these universities.
The weapons seized belonged to the GNLA, ULFA and AMEF, police said.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong in a statement through the Rangbah Shnong invites the owners of land within the Dorbar Shnong and those who have not yet built houses to come and join in this cleanliness drive.
By the end of these three days, 1,006 children had attended the program to take part in three sports including Athletics, Boxing and Football.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, to resolve the issue of recruitment in the posts. Gram Dak Sevak (GDS), Asst.Branch Post Master (ABPM), Branch Post Master (BPM).
Donborlang Nongkynrih, one of the football players of the state who led the state to the Santosh Trophy 2022-23 held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, was honoured.
Telegu actor Mahesh Babu will play Lord Hanuman in SS Rajamouli's new film which will be released in
Only the French were able to invade this area compared to the Mughals who conquered the whole of India.
Nongpoh: Supporting the feelings of the people, who have expressed their strong opposition to the government's plan to introduce casinos or 'Khalai' camps in Ri Bhoi, Bah Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, has sent a letter They have written to Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, to urge him to cancel the proposal to bring the 'Khalai' camp in Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10 : The MDC elections in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) may not be held in to postpone it to 2026 as the state government is still waiting for the preparations to introduce a new amendment to the 6th Schedule in the Legislative Assembly of the country.
Shillong: U Arun Kembhavi, Chairman and Managing Director, MePDCL, on Tuesday said that electricity consumers should inform the department from time to time about their electricity usage in accordance with what they have informed the department. distribute electricity and if it is found that the firefighter has taken too much fire, he may be cut off from the fire to his place or house.
The Government of India together with the Government of Meghalaya, gives you the opportunity to protect yourself through this right.
They demanded that the law should punish the policeman and said that they have informed the Minister of Home Affairs and the Meghalaya State Women Commission to investigate the incident. .
Even the villages in West Jaintia Hills District like Mukroh Lapangap Khanduli Mookoiram have been annexed to Karbi villages through the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, Assam.
They also alleged that the salary for November 2011 has already been paid but has not been paid until a peace talks has been reached with the Sohra MLA Titosstar Well Chyne.
There have been many Lyngngam who have taken over the tribes of others, as we see in the newspapers.
This action of the EC is to encourage and motivate the officers to work harder to curb illegal trafficking,” he said.
The prevalence of illegal tobacco and cigarette smoking is high in Iewduh, which is the place where the illegal cigarettes are sold.
“We have also built a new stadium in Yupia which can accommodate about 1,12,000 people and the construction of the stadium is almost complete and there is still space left to hold the race.
Media reports said that the T.400, was for the purchase of uniforms and therefore, many school authorities, did not agree to take the money, because it does not fit at all. , income and expenses, even for a pair of uniforms.
The senior team has just played a few matches, but now we are preparing for the Asian Games, followed by the Merdeka Cup, World Cup Qualifiers and the AFC Asian Cup.
According to sources, the collision occurred while the Junmoni Rabha was on its way to the eastern parts of Assam.
“The DC has immediately phoned the SP EJH to demand the establishment of a temporary police station at Malidor Bridge until the rainy season to check the evil intentions of Assam.
As ordered by the Nongshet, Sajar Nangli, instead of drinking the Kyiad, drank a little of the blood of the Syiar and prayed immediately.
The spokesperson said that India is a country with many different customs and beliefs and the change of the name of India to Bharat will completely change the uniqueness of the country. .
In this incident, they also arrested a robber involved in the smuggling of the gold.
Some of the employees in the office and the officer recognized Bhalang.
Media reports said that the government has now asked for a list of all the members of the party to know how many members there are, and said that it has strongly warned them not to sell to do illegal activities. that the purpose of negotiating peace be achieved.
This initiative aims to free the women from having to fetch water for their homes.
Because the purpose of this road is in two parts, one to mine uranium and the second to allow Bangladeshis to enter this beloved country of ours. In our own villages and townships, we will be overwhelmed by tens of thousands of invaders from this country who have only tens of thousands of invaders because this road will reach the border of Bangladesh. I would like to remind you that during the reign of Syiem Tirot, the Hima Nongkhlaw was deceived by David Scott to build a road for the safety of traffic. The whole kingdom, therefore, if we allow this road, we shall be slaves in our own country to foreigners for a day.
Where shall we go when we have taken away the 'tiewkulab' and the wealth of foreigners?
“If the government releases this money, the council will have no problem in paying the salaries of the employees,” said Thombor Shiwat.
A four-storey building caught fire on Saturday, killing one worker and injuring a firefighter.
Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Giri Prasad, said that on receiving the information, the police immediately rushed to the scene and conducted an investigation to track down the suspects. However, no one has been arrested yet.
It is learned that these taxation officers have charged a minimum of 300 tyngka from the state residents while from foreigners they have charged 500 tyngka to 1000 tyngka in the name of GST. The leaders of these three organizations insisted that the officers of the department had illegally imposed fines on them without giving them even a receipt.
It is a common occurrence that some family members do not count even if they are members of the same family or blood.
Who you support in the leadership election comes second, who participated in the leadership election comes first.
Heimonmitre Pasi lodged a complaint that on 12th June, he found that robbers had broken into his residence in Laitumkhrah, Shillong and stolen T.3,50,0
“As sisters once again we invite you to meet with us the leaders of STIEH wan kong we will build a better future if we are poor no matter how much we will save our lives from the misery of poverty to A good life that will build the future of your children to earn your living is no longer just selling yourself you have sold your children especially it is a great loss for yourself. of the nation".
On this issue, the HNLC said that if there is such an intention, there must first be a ceasefire on both sides.
“The second victory we have won is that in this election alone we have won four MLAs and our votes have reached the point where the VPP will be the State Party from now on. “I don't know if anyone else will be able to steal the Prah of the VPP,” he added.
This is a sign that God has shown us that we trust in Him and as a party we are very pleased with this support and trust of the people,” he said.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 26: The District Mental Health Program (DMHP) office under the jurisdiction of the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) has launched a street play or short drama on mental health and youth aged 10 to 19 years in Mawkyrwat Market, South West Khasi Hills District.
“More than 200 of our soldiers have been willing to donate plasma at any time after receiving information from NEIGRIHMS or the State Health Department,” said UK Nayal.
According to the world's ethnologists, there are 7,111 languages ​​in the world covering 196 countries.
It will be a time of great distress for Israel because many will be killed except the 1,44,000 (One hundred and forty-four thousand chosen ones).
The Grand Council of Chiefs also expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Bah Hoping.
Which voice do you choose, do you choose the voice of Pisa or the voice of God...?.
In one match of the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy, Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh while in the U-19, Mizoram beat Mizoram in the Cooch Behar Trophy.
He was rushed to Umsning CHC but doctors pronounced him dead before being taken to hospital.
Dr Donkupar Roy, was hospitalized in Medanta Hospital Gurugram since the 18th July 2019 for diabatese treatment but breathed his last today at 2PM.
The parents of the child are still waiting for the body of their son to arrive in Guwahati.
Such programs have been conducted by the IBSD across the North East.
Navneet Singh Nagar, DGM, RBI, Shillong, in his speech welcomed the participants and explained the need to hold a Town Hall meeting on MSMEs in areas where there are no banks. Information to those entrepreneurs in these areas to learn more about how to link their business with banks for the safety of financial services.
“The Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act 2015 will prevent the divorce of men because they will have to provide for the needs of their children even if they are no longer living with their husbands,” he said.
On the demand for a Khasi Prime Minister, he said it is up to the MLAs to elect a Khasi from any ethnic group.
Milda Rynjah, Vice President of the Association, expressed her concern that the traders are facing the problem of the Government's sudden announcement to ban the sale of fish imported from outside the State.
The Commission feels that the Government needs to build another house to improve the quality of residential areas or wards.
The JSM wishes all the children of Seinraij Jowai as well as Seinraij Tuber and other Raijs who are preparing for Behdieñkhlam a healthy body and prosperity. you are blessed.
The owners of the cows said that they have already lodged a complaint against the theft of cows at Ladrymbai OP and the Jowai Police have handed over the thieves to the Jowai Police for further investigation.
However, nothing could be done to open it in 1874 due to the outbreak of plague which spread to many houses.
If any participant is unable to attend these venues, Mega Entertainment will allow them to apply online.
He said that the Dawki Bridge on the Umngot River will be built as a two lane bridge as it is very old and was built in 1932, which is 368 meters long.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, an officer of the department in Shillong said that the information sent by the banks of those depositors will be replied to after the end of November
Let us remember the patriots of Meghalaya, such as Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan N Sangma and other patriots and congratulate the members of the Armed Forces, Paramilitary Forces and Police who dedicate themselves to their duties to bring peace to the people of the village.
While asking questions, Prestone said that there are MLAs who will join but it is not known whether they will join alone or with the whole party.
Nongpoh Nailar 08: The HITO Ri-Bhoi District has sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, to remind her of the decisions taken to ensure that all the requirements for the implementation of the The Minister has already visited the Maternity and Child Hospital at Umran Parila village which is a government health center for women and children on 8th June this year.
He said that the scheme will be for all T.12,000 and if the household has received T.6,000, the government will pay the minimum T.6,0 12,000 per month.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that the implementation of these two projects has progressed smoothly with the Barato Water Combined Supply Scheme being 90 per cent complete while the Thangraiñ Scheme has completed 10 per cent. of 100.
He also congratulated and encouraged the NNSSCC to continue to hold sports tournaments to develop the talents of the youth of the area.
Shillong, November 3: The Waheh Chnong of Ummulong, who has been relieved of his duties by the JHADC, has said that he will not step down immediately and will continue as the Waheh Chnong of Ummulong.
Referring to the issue of private vehicles, Bah Metbah suggested that the odd-even system should not be implemented.
But they did not know that this was to fulfill the prophecy which the Word of God says: “And the sixth angel poured out his vial upon the great river Euphrates; Why? To prepare the way for the kings of the east.
Perhaps if we turn to the side of knowledge in this country, we the people see that many of our leaders are illiterate, uneducated, uneducated, uneducated and ignorant. I think the people of the nation see and know that.
The National Convention Hosting Committee, in a statement through Dr. Batskhem Sten, Secretary, said that there will be about 350 delegates from all over India including leaders of the World Christian Endeavor Union.
crore, but they have not been able to use it yet and it is just a waste of money and another thing is that in Sohra too there are places which have been built without using them.
He said that last year many armed groups signed the Bodo Accord to maintain peace and stability.
D, 925 students have completed Post Graduate and 397 students have completed Under Graduate Degrees.
The Minister also handed over a cash assistance of T.4 lakh to the relatives of these victims.
In another development, the price of syiar has been increased to T.220 per kilo per cleaned syiar while T.160 per kilo of live syiar. the price will apply statewide.
We demand that the state government and the MR of the state should look into the plight of the paradoh parasnam living in the border areas not only in Mojeem but in all the border areas. state of Meghalaya.
The Kashari High Court issued this decision after 40 Bangladeshis filed a complaint in the High Court against the Ri-bhoi District Administration alleging that they have been deleted as Indian voters.
Ma Andrew said that if the court accepts our complaint, even to remove the leadership, there is a provision in the ADC rules.
Nongpoh: Lama Jyrngam Football Club has won its first title in the T.1 lakh football tournament organized by the Byrnihat Sports Association (BSA) at Byrnihat Ground. They beat Rangsakona Football Club 1-0
There will be thunderstorms and thunderstorms in parts of the state.
According to KHNAM leaders, the CEM has responded to those who have done this because there is a leakage of funds from the Labor License.
Because only with the cooperation, we will be able to ensure that there will be no more traffic jams on the roads from now on and the traffic of the people will be easier especially during this Christmas season,” said the Vice-President. establish.
He lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Kharkrang and in the complaint, he said, “I have come to inform you that there has been a rapid spread of rumors by people who do not know. I don't know if I distribute T.5000 tyngka to one person, not only to people from my constituency but also to those outside my constituency as well”.
US President Donald Trump has been discharged from hospital on Tuesday after four days of treatment for the corona virus.
The praise goes to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, who has laid the foundation for cooperation between the various departments of the State Government for any purpose.
KHNAM expects that the promise of these MeECL officials will come true so that the problems of the villagers can be solved.
Jeremiah 51: 20–23.
It found more than 10 foreigners from Assam working in these areas without proper documents including Labor Licence, NRC and others.
India's space activities have been going on for 60 years and ISRO was established in 1969 nine years after these activities began; Cooperation with other countries in these fields has now expanded with ISRO working with various groups such as Russia's Ruscosmos and Europe's ESA, while ISRO has done more than 385 international satellites from more than 34 countries.
Toyota Kirloskar Motor (TKM) has launched the Vellfire, a hybrid self-charging vehicle that is comfortable, safe and suitable for driving in India.
“The coal traders of the state are now facing difficulties in exporting to Bangladesh due to the price hike and ban,” said Rev Basaiawmoit.
Explaining more about the allegation, Kong RM Kurbah, said that the manner of feeding and especially the child, was given according to the explanation of the family members, and was done according to the orders of the child. Dieticians, whether it is for children or even adults as well.
“She also urged the people not to be enslaved by those who provide money, not to sell their longrynïeng only during the elections.
The Lum Sohpetbeng Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie will hold the 10th Annual 'Kiew Pyneh Rngiew' of the Seng Khasi on the 5th of June
Shillong: The Shillong All Faith Forum (SAFF) has written an open letter to Naba Bhattacharjee alleging that the speech of the leaders of the Shillong All Faith Forum (SAFF) on 29th March 2020, is false, in relation to the residents of Shella Block.
Rangbah Phrikshon Kharshiing, as a scholar, spoke on the contribution of Thomas Jones who shaped and established the Khasi alphabet as well as the Khasi literature.
A pastor, who paid T.6 lakh for a cemetery, told the writer, “I am ready to confirm my payment to the Shillong Press Club” while another man said, “If you don't get and he went up to the field, and came to the shaba duh ei.
“The issue that the UDP will bring to the people in this election will be a clean, corruption-free government that can create opportunities for the people. young children and others".
Speaking to u SP News Agency, NEHUSU President Mesan Dkhar said the union is waiting for the official notification regarding the release of the scholarship.
in ) from 25th September 2020 to 02nd October
In connection with this incident, two persons have been arrested for their involvement in the kidnapping of Rai, police said.
The incident has also affected the movement of people between Meghalaya and Assam.
However, even in the midst of these struggles, the fruit of victory has not been reaped.
Many residents expressed their happiness that the registration has been completed and they have escaped the traffic jam.
It has been found that this sleep deprivation is also associated with anxiety and depression.
When asked about the BJP's allegation that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state under Conrad Sangma as Prime Minister, Ao said that all these are mere allegations and added that all political parties The world has been making allegations before the elections.
The shooting happened at 12:38 pm on Tuesday in the 2400 block of N. Pecos Road.
However, at the same time, Bah Ronnie said the government will not interfere to include them in the Municipal area but they will remain under the jurisdiction of the District Council in the Scheduled Area.
Shillong: There have been 182 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills, 121 in Ribhoi and 31 in West Khasi Hills, said the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War. One case in North Garo Hills District and 12 cases in West Garo Hills District.
Although the State Government has imposed a curfew, the farmers have not been able to stop to bring their jhur, jhep, goods and it is at this time that I remember the saying “dung kura u khaw”.
Among those three tribes, they count their New Year's Day only in April.
During the meeting, Sonowal stressed the need to reach an agreement between Assam and Mizoram to reach a border agreement and stressed the need to maintain peace and stability. on the borders of the two states.
Referring to the house of Hep, Bah Shanbor and Kong Lumspah, together with several members of the Executive Committee of the village, went to see the hill where they were knieh teng. Bah Let, the former Rangbah Shnong.
Pyniaid said the District Council has a goal to bring about cleanliness in every village and that is why it has introduced the Solid Waste Management Bill and to implement Resource Recovery Centers (RCCs) in every village. the Village.
CPM leader Brinda Karat has spoken out against the proposal to implement Hindi.
The MCCL has been in existence for 57 years since its establishment during the Assam government and now the demolition of the old equipment of the factory is in full swing.
We don't have any other way but to tied the doors of the courts so that justice can stand according to the laws and regulations.
Whether it is in health, whether it is income and income.
On the other hand, the Doloi of Darang Elaka, Bah Pyrwa Lyngba, said that after receiving a complaint from the residents regarding the construction of the outpost by the BGB troops, he informed the Border Security Force (BGB). BSF) of India, but so far there has been no talks between the BSF and the BGB of Bangladesh.
He urged and called upon all the teachers to give their best in their service to improve education.
The NOC is issued by the SE/EE PWD (Roads) West Khasi Hills District, if the venue for the fishing competition is within 500 meters of the Highway or PWD Road. The Village Headman is the Village Headman.
In the second half, both sides played hard.
How can you earn a taxi?
However, what is more beautiful now is that the village has learned to beautify the surroundings by planting flowers and other trees on both sides of the road.
At present, the situation in Ichamati has upset the residents especially the foreigners.
On the other hand, the KHADC urges the government not to implement the CrPC and CPC in the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council because if implemented, other courts will be able to hear cases within the districts. Council.
When she was taken to court, she said that her protest this time is for the peace and protection of all living things because she said that climate change has caused and will severely affect the health and well-being of living things on earth today.
Speaking to media, Shylla said that in the coming days, he will meet with the president of the party to discuss the issue and decide whether to support or reject the demand. It is in the hands of the President that whatever decision he takes, everyone will follow it.
On the victory of the National People's Party (NPP) candidate, Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah by more than 3,000 votes, the leader said that the hard work of all in this election campaign. (they have not yet done) they have not done anything.
The closure of the church came after some Hindu devotees complained about the noise of the church, alleging that the noise has disturbed them. he is cat.
He recalled that after the meeting, the government had released T.16 crore for the dewbilat factory at Mawmluh, Sohra. “I don't know where the T.14 crore has gone,” said the Sohra MLA.
Our state has only two APMCs – one in Shillong (Mawïong) and one in West Garo Hills (Garobadha) while Punjab, Haryana, UP and other states have thousands.
The list of refugees affected by the floods has already been posted in the village and also at the Ward Secretariats,” he said. to deliver the relief goods sent to all the flood victims.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Paul Lyngdoh thanked God for opening the door for him to visit and inaugurate this beautiful place which God has placed in order. the nature that attracts and reminds us of the greatness of the Creator through the mountains, hills, valleys and others.
In the evening before the announcement of the results, I felt a sense of excitement.
Speaking at the meeting, the DC urged the market dwellers and vendors to keep the market clean and said that it is not only the duty of the Hima to keep the market clean. market but it is everyone’s responsibility for cleanliness.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of the HIA, Bah Korbar L Nonglait, said that the meeting with the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima was to seek clarification on the issue. He said that the proposed construction of whole sale market in Basa Sohsaw has been illegally constructed under the scheme received from KHADC. it was to facilitate the farmers, who came to unload their goods in the market and not to benefit the ministers of the King by building shops in these places.
To the Lord God, who made heaven and earth, who established mankind.
The meeting was conducted by S Syngkon.
The Minister said that the border demarcation is a difficult task which cannot be completed in a day or two but requires thorough discussion.
The patients were taken to Shillong.
He said that at the dispensary in Shillong, they provide many treatments and medicines for people ranging from eye diseases, ear diseases and many other public diseases.
" she said and stood up then.
The Congress has fielded candidates in 29 seats, the UDP in 26 seats while the NPP has fielded only 18 seats equal to the Independents.
Of course, with these incidents and challenges, it will be difficult to complete within this five-year period but it will be difficult to complete it next year with the new government,” said Bah Sawkmie.
According to sources close to the UDP, three names have been proposed at the meeting to be the new leader of the party.
There is no rain on the day of God, but the rain is too much.
He informed the previous minister that there have been attempts to allow the public to use the stadium but it has not succeeded.
They expressed their condolences to the entire state on the passing away of the Chief Minister.
In this way, the Dkhars from India, who are already well paid and have become too widespread in society, try to introduce their own customs and traditions into the Khasi families whether in the Khasi Hills or in the Dkhar countryside.
Therefore, with these donated items, the union requests that they accept even if they are small and use them in many parts of the community work.
“I can't imagine that I have just watched a film from Meghalaya.
He said that until these days, it has not been able to change the problems of the residents especially the poor. The villages which are still neglected to this day and without the road many of the needs of the constituency are at the forefront which has put the people of the constituency in trouble.
He said that many people from school children and others have come to him to ask for certificates to prove that they are people from the village in his constituency. The issuance of certificates by the Rangbah Shnong has affected the needs of many people, especially the students who need certificates to enter classes.
“The demand of JAC Sohiong is to immediately withdraw the confirmation (on 6th July 2015) which was blindly confirmed by the former EM of KHADC without proper consideration.
The inhabitants of this area are known as the Nongjrong Labang and Nangphyllut which are sub-tribes of the Khasi Jaintia people.
@SangmaConrad, it's time to shock!” The TMC has alleged that the MDA Government has failed to pay taxes to the ASHA workers by not releasing the funds for the year 2018-2 They have been unable to hold an indefinite strike across Meghalaya.
Speaking to Rupang, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the opposition of many people to the Umngot Hydro electric Project has shown that it requires the cooperation between the people and the government to achieve the goal. and if the people of that area oppose because they are afraid of the consequences of this project, such as the lack of water inside this area that they plan to build a dam.
The village has also arranged to allow only one person to give a speech for the candidate who is also from outside the village followed by the speech from the candidate.
Embhah, who is the adviser to the NPP in Mawlai, also accused Ardent M Basaiawmoit that in 2014 when he was CEM, he wanted to introduce a Bill to change the customs and traditions of the people. the children shall be given to the males.
Niponghi Sumer scored the goals in the 48th minute and Samehi Ryngki in the 76th minute.
It is also to be free from the evils of the evil spirit.
“The NHIDCL is inspecting the site and will soon submit a report to the government and after that the government will take a final decision,” said Prestone.
Fear is in everyone.
Fourthly, all the Khasi MLAs have supported the renewal of the Reservation Policy 1972, even if there are others who do not agree to support this issue, they are trying to hide themselves because they are not. They don't want to go through the old path because this new path is too difficult for them, but in the end they agreed to set up an Expert Committee.
The body was shifted to the Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem.
If the police really want the public to work with them, they must first reform the entire department.
In the 2014 elections, the UDP failed to form after winning only six MLAs and sat in the opposition for five years. In 2014, the Congress led by Dr. Mukul Sangma came to power under the banner of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) led by the NPP. The MDA government is now led by Conrad K Sangma for five years.
Shillong: The demand for the removal of James Sangma from the post of Defense Minister in Meghalaya has intensified following the demands of political parties like the United Democratic Party (UDP), the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and The National Communist Party (NCP) has decided to remove James Sangma as the Defense Minister of the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Wahrew between Sohbar and Nongjri villages on the India-Bangladesh border, has become famous since the construction and opening of the round bridge in
He added that the people should not be afraid of the BJP anymore, because everyone has joined it, they should understand that it has nothing to do with the BJP. He urged the people to support him, who has close ties with the central government and those others who have to come to work with it.
This time the elections have been going on for two months, so it is difficult to hold talks with the authorities in Delhi.
However, suddenly the anger and rage of the people began to appear and as time went by, there was a terrible riot in which it burned to the ground because the people even tried to burn it down. The Sordar, Bah H. Wahlang, did not attend the meeting after being summoned to explain the approval.
Fortunately, the MDA government has not invited all the 60 MLAs to meet Amit Shah but it would have been even more embarrassing if it had done so.
Jowai, Nailur 21: After receiving a tip, Jowai Police last night raided Umkrem village to search for one of the members of the HNLC. him, from a house of his neighbors which he had fled from the police.
Let there be an ark made for thee, and for me.
The gold testing center in Chennai can also test for silver jewellery.
Jesse Suiam NPP from Ummulong Moodymmai.
God gave his only begotten Son, Jesus Christ our Lord, by faith.
The Lehniam Sohjer, is a festival of the Marwet, which is held in every household, after the harvest of the first fruits of hard work, in which they also hold a festival. Thanksgiving to God the Creator and the suid ka shor for the swords and knives used during the farming season and they also put the ja head, khiew before they drink and eat.
Out of the 20,000 per day, only 1,500-2000 people are employed by the government while the remaining 18,000 people are unemployed.
And he shall rule over the earth from Jerusalem.
Regarding the purpose of the Association to raise funds, the Chief Guest said, “Any work is the first and foremost purpose, because most people think that this is the “It's not just a fete, but there's another purpose you have, which is to develop children who have the talent to play cricket,” he said. In India, cricket has been playing since ancient times and has a stronger foundation than football. “We have seen that the cricket players especially those who have reached the higher levels, their income has increased, we hope that with this initiative the East Jaintia Hills Cricket Association will help to develop the children. of the district who have the ability to play cricket because as an Association you have worked hard, you have also got a sufficient ground, we also on the part of the police department will help in any need, especially in the sale of “The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) has expressed his concern over the involvement of children in drug trafficking. He said that the police department has taken great action to eradicate drug trafficking. children and youth to get rid of drugs and one of the ways to help children get rid of drugs and any drugs is to fight to bring children and youth to sports, because if Speaking on behalf of Samla Kishan Lyngdoh, the Chief Superintendent of Police, u Kishan Lyngdoh, said that our people are not lacking in skills, but they need guidance. He also congratulated the Association that through this fete, they will earn a lot of money to develop the children of the district.
Bah Ransom said that the PWD (Building) Department, as the department in charge of the project, has confirmed that the construction of the building is in accordance with the approved design, which has been prepared by the Engineers prepared by the The company is also approved by IIT Roorkee.
The ratio is 36 : 24, why not ï.
Sohiong: The incumbent MDC of Sohiong, Samlin Malngiang, who is also the candidate of the HSPDP, has strongly criticized the MLA of Sohiong, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, the Congress candidate, accusing him of ruling. power within the constituency.
He said the Jackfruit Processing Unit was built at a cost of Rs 2 crore and is powered by 100 KW solar power and this has opened the door to clean electricity and environmental protection. .
Therefore, such people have the intention to intimidate the people by looking for ways and means to stop this love of the people for the VPP. It is because there are government officials in the state who do not have the authority, who do not understand and who do not have the courage to do what is right.
Contractors building houses, roads, fields, dams and railway lines have their own skill development.
He said the reason why the union has opposed is because of the land dispute where the union has not yet received the exact information of the real owners of the land and as complained. by the people this may also affect the land of others who do not wish to sell to the Army.
Speaking to media, MCTA General Secretary AW Rani said that even after three hours of discussion, the Vice Chancellor has refused to cancel the notification. The National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 has been directed to all the affiliated colleges.
However, you cannot walk on the right side of the road, you cannot drive too fast, you cannot drive without a license, you cannot drive without paying the road tax and your driving style should not be injury to others.
It is up to each and every voter in the two states to decide whether to go to Meghalaya or Assam, said the elders of Langpih.
Speaking at a public meeting in Kalaburagi, Hyderabad-Karnataka, where Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge will contest in the Lok Sabha against Umesh Jadhav, who has left the party. “When he took over as prime minister, Modi said make me a shokidar and he didn't say make everyone a shokidar,” Rahul said. Anil Ambani, Mehul Choksi, Nirav Modi and Lalit Modi?
At the same time, the party would be pleased if any of the people of the area would give their opinion on any projects for the development of the area so that the party will try to do as much as possible.
In these days, there has been another talk about the speeding of vehicles and two wheelers as if they don't have time to wait for anyone because of the urgency to reach their destination.
It will be a support to the mission.
There are still many jobs for the Khasi youth to train themselves so that they can serve the nation and the state as a whole.
He said that if the project is completed properly and implemented, the benefits will not only be to the residents of the area, but also to the people of West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills. Hills District.
Besides, the work of various government departments to make Shillong a smart city as well as the surrounding constituencies.
“I see that everyone will contest this election, I see that the NPP will contest, the UDP will also contest, in the election,” he said. In the recent elections, all the parties have nominated candidates to contest against their allies in the government.
The salaries of more than 300 workers have been exempted from this amount until July but the remaining amount will be paid after the sale of the dewbilat, according to the arrangement of the authorities. manage.
Speaking to reporters, JACATAM leaders said that the teachers are ready to talk if the government calls them as ministers at any time.
But the Word of God tells us the signs of the times.
This Center is the first to be implemented by the Central Government Security Forces.
The meeting was attended by the EM of Elaka PN Syiem, EM Market Grace Mary Kharpuri, EM Development Carness Sohshiang and others.
The awareness campaign on cancer was organized by the government in collaboration with the Apollo Telemedicine Network Foundation (ATNF) run by the Meghalaya State Cancer Society.
These funds were collected from 461 vehicles parked in non-parking areas, 396 vehicles without seat belt, 288 vehicles without license, 36 vehicles without license. violation of permit, 49 others who drove motorcycles without wearing helmets.
The confirmation ceremony was also attended by Samla Mission Tron, Samla Lasaros Ranee and other members and leaders from the district.
Seeing the loss of precious lives, the Trinamool Congress has decided to donate Rs 500,000 to the families of these victims as part of their assistance as bailut ksan in connection with the violation of the law (ex- grace).
Leaders who joined the NPP from Jirang were Wesley Doloi, Kiewshaphrang Thabah, Jonestar Nonglait, UCC teacher, Fullmoon Nongsiej, Robert Sangma, Eling Nongrum, Santheng Sangma, Cheris Marak, Solomon Wahlang, Sranly Wahlang, Himot Thangkhiew, Reading Shadap, BS Kharlur, Manoi Byrsat, Wanlambok Dkhar, Cardinal Sohshang, Boring Diengan and Kobading Nongsiang.
General Secretary- Nagen Bongjang (Assam) 4).
Major General Denis Sinenkov, a pro-Russian leader, was reportedly not in his vehicle when the explosion occurred.
Students are required to verify through PRCs obtained from the Deputy Commissioners along with other documents required in accordance with the notice issued, and are also required to go through the instructions under this scheme before applying. applications can be submitted online.
Pangniang said that all the deceased will be buried tomorrow in their respective villages and he will visit all these villages to express his condolences.
Shillong: The teachers of Mawkhar Presbyterian Secondary School, Sohmylleng, today met with the MLA of Mairang Constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and handed over a petition at his room at the Secretariat. .
It's like a goalkeeper, if he can catch 10 balls to escape, he scores a goal, but if he makes a mistake and scores a goal, he's blamed.
The union feels that while many of the leaders and civil society organizations are against the auction of MeECL, these officials of the company come here and accept that there may be some purpose of the company. Power Dept outside, in which the union does not allow the Power Dept.
I believe that our people will no longer be as stupid as they have been in the last 50 years.
Therefore, the proposal to move the office of Chief Commissioner will affect the employees especially the Khasi who have taken the jait from their mother who have to look after the household.
Ukrainian military sources said Gerasimov, commander of the 41st Army, was killed along with several other officers in eastern Kharkiv.
Prevent stomach upset:– Grapes and juices made from grapes are commonly known to be helpful for those people who find it difficult regarding stomach problems.
He said that Tirot Singh lived in a cave, the weapons he used to fight against the French, but such things are not in writing and this is necessary to do so that the heritage knows how they fight against these times.
Khliehriat, July 03: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) on Tuesday launched the Western Zone in West Jaintia Hills District. , the office bearers and members were elected and sworn in by the President, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh.
After this defeat, Shillong Lajong will now leave for Srinagar to face Real Kashmir FC on the 11th of this month at 2 pm.
On the other hand, the Seng is strongly opposed to the factory which is planned to be set up in the village without a Public Hearing.
Ravi Shankar Kumar scored 37 runs off 29 balls while Hassan scored 20 runs off 16 balls.
His body will be taken to Shillong tomorrow morning by a special flight.
If this is the case, all the purposes of the trade license are in vain.
Under the leadership of Modi, the North East has risen to prominence and he has visited the region more than 15 times and has directed Indian ministers to visit the region every year. for.
Besides poverty, there are dozens of diseases and many people are in debt and have to depend on their livelihoods. part of getting healthy.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) today decided that the salary of the illegally paid Technical Officer Rohit Prasad should be deducted from the salary of the Vice Chancellor, Rohit Prasad. At the same time, the JAC demanded that the VC should speak to the media, not to be present, because they want him to respond to your request.
Although he did not comment on this, it is clear from the signs that the party wants to have a dialogue between the two MDCs through understanding.
Pro 30:18,19 'There are 3 things which are too wonderful for me, yea, 4 things which I know not. The blood of the Son of God was shedThe Canaan mentioned in the Old Testament includes Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, and Israel today.
On July 7, 1966, it received 944.7 mm, which was the highest rainfall in July since the IMD started recording.
I don't know why? This feeling of the people is still there especially in the rural areas and this we see happening in the markets as well.
They arrived in Jabalpur on July 12 and Ayesha paid Rs 10,000 each with the intention of cutting off Khan's manhood, but the couple decided to kill syndon you.
Special songs by the Assembly of God Secondary School Siejlieh, short speeches by the award winners and other special programmes were also performed.
I have sent it to the Secretary to the AICC”.
The Nongstoin Police Station has also taken note of this case and it is difficult for the police to find out whether they are looking for a living person or a dead person. At the same time, the Nongstoin Police Station has sent a notice to all the State Police to conduct a search for the girl.
Along with the Catholics around the world, the Catholics in Meghalaya also celebrated the Lord's Day to commemorate the entry of Jesus into Jerusalem where thousands of people welcomed and one of the leaves.
Before laying the wreaths, u Bah Hindro Samakha, former sirdar of Raidmynsaw, recalled the difficulties faced by the people of the area since they started fighting in the struggle to escape the violence. Assam police, until it reached the point where the Assam police opened fire on the Khasi people, at noon and it was also a market day when the people were still busy in the market. you pet.
The Asst Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities, Sohra, Bah Ethelbert Sawian said that the meeting will be held at the office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima at 1 pm.
The union demanded that the DC should send his personnel to investigate into the incident and punish the supplier. work, so the organization, will do itself.
In this regard, Ms Linda urged the government authorities to take action whether it is right or wrong for the Waheh Shnong to use such force.
On the other hand, the village said that there is no restriction on the family members or anyone close to the Rangbah to leave their homes inside the village to pay their respects to him. and he buried him in Jatap.
“As Dr Mukul has alleged, there is no such thing and we will submit the report to the public after we have examined it so that the people will know what is wrong. you don't need to bring it before the court.
There will now be one more test left after 24 hours and if their test is negative, it will be good news that 8 cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in the state. I have been infected with Covid-1
Speaking to media, Bah Louis Dohtdong, President of the party, said that the party has taken this step after the deadline given to the government expired on 30th March.
Nongpoh: A mother of three children from Raitong village in Ri Bhoi district has died suddenly in a tragic incident. , which was strongly suspected that she had been raped by her husband, after he had killed her.
Phlangmawsyrpat was the second team to finish last year, but this year it has retained the same position.
He encouraged the farmers to look at agriculture as a source of employment and urged them to involve their children in agriculture.
Regarding this incident, it has shocked the relatives of Bah Marshall because Bah Marshall suddenly disappeared after the collapse of the synrum while he was picking up the items in the marten.
The child had been suffering from fever since Monday night and the relatives rushed her to the hospital for treatment.
Because a man knows that once he gets money, he gets to control it.
Yadav scored 18 runs and was supported by Sangma and Negi who struggled to give the team a second victory.
JOWAI: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Jowai District, Jowai has announced that the sale of ration (FPS) and SK Oil Retailers in urban and rural areas of West Jaintia Hills District will be banned from The 2019 session will end on
“I hope in the next few weeks or months, we will be able to reach a final decision on the seven areas of dispute, which is a long-standing process”.
When Kiang Nangbah heard about this plan to collect taxes, he said, “The villagers don't pay taxes to foreigners”.
Of course, it will be difficult for the Garo people to reach the 40% share which they have enjoyed.
In this regard, the family members have lodged a complaint on the 3rd with the Phramer Police Station.
This statement from the IOA comes after the CEO of the Games Secretariat sent a statement in November 2020 to the IOA office, to inform them that the Meghalaya government , has been working hard to prepare for the biggest sporting event in the country in 2022, which coincides with the year when the state will celebrate its 100th birthday. the 50th full statehood.
The police have also informed the EKHLTWA leaders that the police will not be able to show the photographs of those arrested but only inside the court.
Heavy rainfall is expected in parts of the state tomorrow, the India Meteorological Department, Shillong said.
In the semi final of the 1st leg, Lajong had more hopes of reaching the final as they had scored three goals. The tournament was won in 2019, which is also the second year of the tournament.
“Police should patrol regularly in this area especially from Jingthang Briew Briew to Lumpyllon-Riatsamthiah Bridge in the evening.
After the meeting, the Director urged them to hold another meeting with the HYC, but the HYC leaders said that they do not want to talk to him today but to send a message to the HYC. another time to negotiate the demands of the union.
Besides, Bah Sniawbha also spoke on various development projects of the MDA Government in the past seven years.
On the other hand, the army authorities have to look into whether they will reopen the airport or not as the incident in Pathankot has prompted all the troops to protest.
During the public hearing held at Polo, the group also displayed skits according to the guidelines of the National Health Mission (Meghalaya) that the use of these beverages has a serious impact on the body and the health of those who use and enjoy it.
According to KSU Mawphlang Secretary Baniengskhem Kharbani, the Minister has promised to complete the construction of the college within four or five days. months to come.
On the other hand, Bah Chyne expressed his concern for the loss of at least 400 workers who have had to take to the streets to protest for their rights. the salary for 15 months.
He also urged the students not to make it a waste of time to send their parents to school, but to work hard in their studies and if they have that talent in sports. They should also be used properly because as a community and the area will be proud if those sports stars come from this area which is an inspiration to many youngsters in this area and the district as a whole. he added.
On the other hand, the Khasi Students' Union (EJHD) unit led by Finance Secretary Shaniahskhem Dkhar and other members donated money to help the family.
Calling for unity, he said, “As a nation we need to unite because from time to time if we don't unite we will be defeated one after another by anyone who is a leader.
Mebarisha Sohphoh has won the title of Miss and Mrs. India International Global, 2018 in Guwahati on 12th July. 2nd runners up.
Referring to the last M.Tet examination, Lakmen said that the results will be released in the next few days so that full time teachers can be appointed.
Our goal is not to leave anyone behind in development works but everyone,” said Conrad.
Shillong, Jymmang 7 : Former Mawlai MLA and UDP leader Bah PT Sawkmie on Tuesday said that he expects the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) which includes all the chief ministers of the region to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. Relief measures should have been created for these bloody incidents in Manipur but surprisingly, nothing has been done.
The NDA, which led the CM, has been able to meet the needs of the youth and will undoubtedly win in 330 Lok Sabha constituencies in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections, he said. .
The video, which was released two months ago and raped two women, has sparked protests across India today.
