I am also fortunate to have a Jaintia who has been the editor of Rev PL Wann BD. What impresses us is the spirit of unity of the Khasi Jaintia Bhoi and War people and their willingness to help each other.
The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang, on Tuesday said that the Wahumkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers in Shillong are among the 45 most polluted rivers in the country. , as approved by the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
Reynold Marak was received by former Rajya Sabha MP Wansuk Syiem and MPCC Working President Deborah Marak at a meeting held at the Congress office today.
The KSU said that although the government has taken measures to resolve the problems related to traffic in different districts, the lack of traffic department in EJH has caused many issues of concern for the residents of the area.
“Such violent incidents are a shame to our society as a whole and all the citizens of the state who have understanding should condemn these people who commit such acts and the arrest of TUR said that it is necessary that the leaders of the political parties who use these incidents to instigate and produce racial discrimination to question the rule of law and to prosecute those criminals who commit such crimes.
These office bearers were confirmed by the Publicity Secretary of the 5th UDP Unit, Bah Marshall Biam.
“Himachal Pradesh will suffer more and more terrible incidents if we don't stop killing wild animals, because there is a connection between the destruction of the environment, even if you don't see it, by yourself. of your human eyes,” he said.
Even those who don't know how to sing have sung like world famous singers.
“If 23 states in the country have eliminated the Personal Interview, it will be difficult for this state to eliminate the examination through the Personal Interview. ," he added.
Setting aside enough time to read will help children understand the value of time and the need to read well.
In Garo Hills, the Congress has only one MLA and Agatha Sangma of the NPP will contest against Ampareen Lyngdoh. He is still standing for Tura constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Former Speaker of the Lok Sabha Purno Agitok Sangma, who is now MP Tura, on Tuesday said that the people now need a mobile tower more than a road.
On the need for quality education, he said that it should be taken seriously because education will bring about change in the way of life.
That is love.
“We must understand here that if the police provide 24-hour patrols, illegal activities will continue to happen,” said Prestone.
“I have two guards, who accompany me wherever I go”.
They have arrested three persons and two of them are from Umladkhur village, West Jaintia Hills.
In the third ground, Polo, Dilingiem YSCWA won without any chance due to the absence of Laitlulong SC.
Shillong: UDP Chief Minister Bindo M Lanong, on Tuesday said that the people have already abandoned the Congress party for many years, but the state is under the rule of the party. The Congress is lyngkrang lut in many ways and if the people allow the Congress party again in 2023, the state itself will fall into ruin.
Merrill Lynch, Felix Tran and Haim Israel predict that medical knowledge will double every 73 days from 2020, up from 3.5 years in 2010. .
Uma, said she had been sick for three days, but when she was tested, she was found to be positive for the virus.
Shillong: Nongshken MDC Grace Mary Kharpuri and Mawhati MDC James Sylliang have been betrayed by their fellow MDCs, who tried to remove Pynshngaiñ N Syiem from the post of CEM. James Sylliang said that four MDCs from the PDF, Grace, Latiplang Kharkongor and James Ban Basaiawmoit, had met four months ago. There were also other MDCs including MDCs from the HSPDP, UDP and Congress.
Regarding the incident, Sunday lodged a complaint with the HNYM and the HNYM under the leadership of Tailan Lyngkhoi, President HNYM West Khasi Hills District, immediately went to search for the suspect at his home. and the man was arrested.
April Marak also sustained serious head and internal injuries and is still in the ICU. The Assistant Commandant of SF said. -10 Queenie Fancon also suffered a serious injury.
I want to raise cows, what is the scheme? Raising pigs is difficult to find food, I have to buy lynterI these schemes or loans to raise cows are not available to anyone or only those who have a certificate who have passed training about the pigs and the chickens.
Speaking to reporters, the leader of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union, Bah Roypar Kharraswai, said that this time it will be an understanding that the union will take the path of protest. tyngeh, because you don't have any responsibility from the GVK or the Government.
On this day of the State Diocese of Shillong this year, church leaders who have served in the preaching work for decades were honoured.
This drama touched the hearts of the audience and touched the hearts of those who came to see it.
“However, other animals such as syiar pham imported from Assam, such as Nagoan, Barpeta, Dubri and other places, have been imported freely to Iewduh and other parts of the state without proper inspection ( check-up) by the department and these vehicles carrying these syiar he did not see that there was no checking of the documents or even the people who were driving whether they were mynder or not. This raises a big question about the health of these animals, as many people are now expressing concern about the spread of Coronavirus,” said the leader.
The rich are increasing, while the poor are increasing,” he added, expressing his inability to imagine how poor families like day laborers can support their children.
Albert Maring, Ribhoi District, I'm not sure what to do.
When you look at it, it seems that there is no food in Meghalaya.
“We lose thousands of people every year to the flu and we never shut down the country,” Trump said yesterday.
Once again, do we expect the robbers to build a strong family and a happy future?, I personally don't expect the robbers to bring peace and happiness, Yes!! The collectors can earn money easily, just as the collectors in the big cities used to earn tens of lakhs but they don't want to go to collect anymore.
The 5th Meghalaya Games today arrived in West Jaintia Hills District with a welcome reception by the District Sports Officer, Bah K Passah in the presence of the youths who will take part in the event. The 5th Meghalaya Games will be held in Tura this month.
There will be a lot of Benami activity within our border,” said Bah Mawrie.
At the same time, he appealed to the teachers in the state to be ready to stand together, work together and join hands in demanding and achieving their rights.
Under the umbrella of JACATAM, the teachers have staged various protests but the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Dr RC Laloo has remained silent without calling for talks.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 36 new cases have been confirmed and 363 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Informing about this, Bah T Mylliempdah said that the strike has been canceled after the government has decided to extend for another three months the recruitment period for the DSC candidates. “If the government cannot do as it promised, they will come out again after receiving the confirmation from the government to extend the term of employment for another three months,” said Bah Pdah. to fight.
“We talked, we asked about the problems of the contractors when implementing the roads.
In 2001, the government had signed an agreement with MS Associates to run the casino in which it would have to pay T.3 crore to the government in the first year.
After being transported to the hospital, the woman was pronounced dead due to the severity of her injuries.
The UDP has written a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, saying, “You know that Upper Shillong is an area that has been destroyed by the ground troops and the army. The government has taken over 18 acres of land for the army,” said the letter sent to the government.
They also discussed the establishment of more border markets to be sent to the governments of the two countries for necessary action.
On the other hand, the Nongpoh MLA said that as a leader, he wants to provide assistance to those who really need it and especially to those who are in need by the people or groups.
I am surprised at the special treatment of the Punjabis working in the Municipal by the Government of Meghalaya as there has never been such a treatment of other government employees.
This is a good example to follow.
“We expect that any Governor who comes to deliver a speech in the Legislative Assembly should respect that by speaking or reading in English,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur, 02: The Government of India through the Food Corporation of India (FCI) has launched the Open Market Sale Scheme (OMSS(D)) for rice and wheat from the market.
The four categories include the Elite Group with an entry fee of 500 tyngka each, the competition for players from Meghalaya with an entry fee of 200 tyngka together, and the 50 years old category. A-50 years and Run for Fun category, the entry fee for both these categories is 200 tyngka each.
The Seng strongly condemns the crime of Bah Donbor Rymbai which he has committed until he dared to take the life of a human being. Take care not to allow such crimes to become an example to others to imagine such crimes happening again because it is also a crime that shames and disgraces the the nation especially the parents and relatives.
She said that the doctor who treated her son while he was alive and took him to Patharkhmah CHC, said that the bullet entered the back of the head.
As witnessed, in this state, just being a farmer is not considered a syrdep because the income does not meet the needs.
The Maitri Setu Bridge is about 1.9 km long and connects Sabroom (India) with Chittagong Port (Bangladesh) – about 80 km away.
So far, 500 troops have been deployed to guard the US embassy after about 6,000 Iranian supporters attacked the embassy in Baghdad.
The meeting was held at Bhagawati Prasad Bhavan, Guwahati.
“Every day the NPP is growing rapidly in Shella and I trust the office bearers and the people to strengthen the foundation for us to win a glorious victory,” she added.
Although the budget session was held in October, Finance Minister Pranajit Singha Roy could not present the budget for the 2023-24 fiscal year due to lack of funds. of the Assembly elections in June and October, said Sen.
In the match, Dhiraj scored 656 runs to take 13th place, while Simranjeet scored 648 runs from the team. part to get fifth place.
There was never a time when those young men sat alone, but they talked together around the fire.
“I don't have the authority to promise tickets to anyone whether he is a brother or a family member if the group suit called “THYMMEI SAINDUR” doesn't qualify to offer or appoint a job, because I can't work. alone to win the election but we need the cooperation,” said the President.
This recommendation of Mr. I. Dunbar has shocked Captain Harry Inglis because he understood that the seat he was sitting on was in a state of uncertainty and he knew who had done it. stir it up.
Initially, he transported 29.08 tonnes of coal on 21st April 2017 and later he transported coal without paying a penny until the amount reached 56,18,754/-.
Gogoi was admitted to GMCH on 1st November, 2020 for the second time, after being discharged from the hospital on 25th March, after 60 days of treatment.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government is ready to take decisions for the establishment of three Medical Colleges in the State, which will be announced at the meeting. cabinet next Thursday.
Babu Kular khongjirem, you are a person whom I respect as a teacher and writer of articles. and you shall not be able to understand the law.
In a petition sent to the Nongpoh Civil Hospital, the Nongpoh MLA said that there is an urgent need for an Oxygen Generator (OG) at the Nongpoh Civil Hospital. This machine can be used when there is any urgent need for oxygen for the patients and especially at such times.
The union has demanded that these Jugalis should be appointed as it has been five months and if the year ends it will be difficult for them to find jobs elsewhere as their age has increased. leading.
For the post of Soldier Technical, Soldier Clerks/Store Keeper Technical and Soldier Nursing Assistant of all the states of the North East Region will be held on the 24th and the test for the selected candidates will be held on The health check-up will be held from the 21st to the 26th and the written test of the selected candidates will be held on the 28th at Army Public School, Shillong.
Jowai, June 24: The Village Defense Party (VDP) Thadmuthlong (Phramer) District through its President, Firstborn Sari, on Tuesday said that it has seized about 16 stray cows. They have been eating and damaging the crops of the people on the 24th of this month.
“If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land" (2 Chronicles 7:14). also when we come to hear what He has to say to us through His Word and the Word of God will give us life.
The match tomorrow (Saturday) 16th will be between Khliehïongriang and NSA at 3 pm.
The Meghalaya High Court has no longer trusted the Meghalaya Police to search for illegal coal trucks and illegal mining. The Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) has been deployed in Meghalaya.
I don't want to vote anymore but I thank those others who have their talent and fortunately they have been able to sing in any Khasi film.
Shillong, Nailar, 24: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that there has been no price increase in connection with the proposal to install Smart Meters.
Matthew 24:10 /2 Thessalonians 2:1-4.
He said the Prime Minister had also promised to explain the amount of money if the BJP leaders wanted to be trained by him.
However, when people do not come out during the curfew, there is no relationship of trust with the government with the people, and not with the wrong media,” he said.
The children of Parad Pnan and Meirad Wan have been farming in this garden built by their mother and father on a rock until they have been able to build their own houses with thanksgiving. the Lord the Creator is above and below.
This was announced by the Deputy Director of School Education and Literary and Nodal Officer of Shillong Book Fair.
After that, there are nine States, which have only 5 percent water supply to households and 13 States, which have 10 percent. States, where the supply of drinking water to households, is more than 50 percent.
Khliehriat, Nailur 20: Kyrmenlang Wahlang, mother of Bah Shibor Wahlang, of Sutnga village, today inaugurated a tourist resort at Sara'l Adventure Resort. The resort is owned by Bah Shiborlang Wahlang.
However, the family members immediately informed the ASHA who immediately informed the CHC and an ambulance was sent to take her to the hospital in time. survive.
The Congress has won 135 constituencies in the 224-member Karnataka Assembly elections on 10th January. The BJP has won only 66 constituencies.
On Tuesday, the residents of Jyntah village near Madanrting were blocked by the army who erected shiah signs on the bridge where they used to walk. It is difficult for the people to work from side to side especially during the rainy season.
Because the Atomic Energy staff was still continuing their survey, my mother sought the assistance of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh and the Government Ministers and in 1993-94 she completed the survey. notice to the Director of AMD and to the Prime Minister.
During the rally, which was also under security, there was a heated argument with the KSU leaders and they were later summoned to the police station for a meeting.
The NPP has started campaigning in Garo Hills from Adokgre Square.
However, the District Councils have been working closely with the Shnongs/Elakas to implement various schemes.
Shillong, Nailar 8: The Police Department has denied the allegation in the media that the department does not like the call for peace talks between the government and the HNLC. the government makes the decision.
“Now you have escaped from the rain and cold and therefore you should thank your MLA who has monitored this scheme because any scheme without the monitoring of the leader does not go anywhere,” he said. he said.
High School.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma Robinus Syngkon, MDC of this area said that Mulum village has been producing many kinds of jhur since ancient times.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Council on Tuesday decided to approve the notification relating to the Fisheries Department, which is also the Act. or the law already in place regarding hunting competitions.
“How can the law department of the government not know about this, how can it not know that it is a sign of failure,” said Bah Mawsor.
Grimes, who had just married Mush, had only one child from Musk and they named him X Æ A-Xii and shortened him to X. Shillong. :About nine candidates from the North East have passed the Civil Service Examination conducted by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) this year, according to reports from the examination centre. .
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the Elocution (Speech) Competition organized by the District Statistical Officer.
Varun Singla, Superintendent of Police, Nuh, said that the arrested persons confessed during questioning that Jan Mark, 24, a Nigerian, had been involved in the murder. drug dealers.
In this incident, some people were injured and many places were left without electricity due to the falling of trees in many places.
“We have decided to withdraw from NEDA if the CAB is passed but after the CAB is stopped, we will have to sit down because we have members across the North East,” he said.
The HNYF leader said that the HNYF has no choice but to request the PWD (R) department and the MLA of the area to take action on this issue.
To celebrate this day, the organization will hold a penalty shoot out in two parts for adults and children under 14 years old, as part of raising funds to help the poor families in need. help in Sohra.
Police in East Jaintia Hills District have seized four trucks carrying illegal coal to Assam in violation of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) order banning the transportation and mining of coal.
At the time of writing of this news, Jhalupara Police Station is still at the scene to investigate the incident.
At present, ASHAs receive only T.2000,000 per month and only T.66 per day.
Who will answer this call? I place in you young men and women: the pillars of the future to remember that the nation will fail.
In his speech, Conrad also briefed on the progress of the construction of the Western By Pass which has been allocated at a cost of Rs 800 crore.
He also explained about the dress of women in those days, and he explained about the tree of wisdom.
When contacted by the leaders of the Union, Generous Warlarpih said that the price of Muslim meat is different between Khasi meat and Muslim meat. While the meat of the Khasi is divided into its own parts, the meat of the shyieng, the meat of the pasoh, the meat of the shyieng, the meat of the tar and in many other ways, which he said that the Muslims are the only ones who have been arrested.
Police said Naveen Thomas, 39, from Kottayam in Kerala, had stayed at the hotel with his wife, Devi B (39). Arya B Nair (29) of Thiruvananthapuram, where they have been staying since 28th October
Hamlet came fourth in the last MLA election as the people elected Ronnie V Lyngdoh from the Congress party and the VPP candidate came second.
Athletes from Russia and Belarus have been banned from participating in several foreign tournaments since October last year due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Moscow has also called its war a "Special Military Operation.
At the meeting, it was decided to strengthen the party and also to give full support to Bah Banteilang Singh Rumnong.
The overcrowding of vehicles especially during the day when schools and colleges have opened has caused a lot of trouble to the Traffic Police.
He has been missing since November 4, 2023 and was last seen at 11 pm at Mawkyrwat Market in a drunken state, a police source said.
Samla Mario Pathaw presented and discussed in detail the relationship between words, images and the indigenous representation of the Khasi Jaintia people with Bah Benedict. S Hynniewta has exhibited his paintings from the early years of his career and recent paintings created through digital formats.
They have also left for their respective areas in Khasi, Jaintia, Ri Bhoi and Garo Hills, said Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on his Facebook page.
Bah Thabah said that their demand is to set up a dance school if not in all districts, it should be set up in Shillong, and to help them with their expenses when they participate. outside the dance competitions because the cost is too high for them.
The SSSS Byrnihat Area was accompanied by the Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District, Bah BB Makdoh and the leaders of the Union of Village Youth Associations of Shillong City.
Besides, there are also 201 shops built near the houses of various Hima.
In 10 years, the contractors have received only once or twice the bill but the KHADC has received only T.1.50 crore per month.
The union once again said that the arrest of these Bangladeshis last month was a stingy count by the authorities and within a month they were arrested again. government and the government's lack of response to such illegal activities.
He said the UN Security Council could hold an emergency meeting on the illegal launch of ICBMs at this time.
TRAU FC have never won in the I-League this season and have scored only 10 points from one draw and lost four matches. in the bottom row of the points table.
There will be a meeting at Nongthymmai Football Ground at 9 pm before the start of the rally.
In Meghalaya too, the number of people infected with this disease has increased and in this regard the government has taken many measures to curb this problem and the LWS scheme is one of those schemes.
Bah E Marweiñ has been appointed as the advisor to the group.
“We can no longer understand the purpose (of the No Confidence Motion), because it was brought suddenly and in the past four years, the EC has been working smoothly without any interference,” he said. he said.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council on 22nd June 2023 has appointed the new Executive Committee of the Bangalore and Mangalore Units in Karnataka.
“They were the only christian missionaries, who gave equal education to all.
On Tuesday, the Minister also convened a meeting with all the Deputy Commissioners and various departments to assess the damage caused by the heavy rains including the loss of lives.
Speaking at a public meeting in Tumakuru district, the Congress leader accused the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) of building a bridge between different religions. they are not truly, of one religion.
There will be gains and losses here and there.
The High Court of Meghalaya has also challenged the road from time to time following a PIL filed by a young man from East Jaintia Hills.
He said that even the rules of law which empower him to exercise this power, have been blocked by the Congress Ministers and he has no way to curb the illegal entry. The Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) on Tuesday evening released the list of 22 candidates, including two daughters. Lalu Prasad, the party's president, for the Lok Sabha elections in Bihar.
Shillong: Villages in the rural areas of India have started to grow rapidly in terms of tourism, one of them is a village in Meghalaya which has appeared on the world tourism map and Kongthong Village has been selected for inclusion in the UNWTO (The World Tourism Organization) as the Best Tourism Village along with two other villages in India.
Recently, the BJP leaders have admitted that there are about three MLAs from other parties who have decided to contest from the party in the upcoming elections.
In all these matters, as young men, old men, parents, fathers, chiefs, priests, kings, priests, doloi and others, we should ask ourselves carefully what we should do. It is time for us to survive forever and it is time to cleanse ourselves from all these things that enslave us as a nation.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rgh DL Nongbri, Vice President Seng Khasi Kmie and Member of the Lum Sohpetbeng Committee, said that the ceremony will start from early morning. The road to the holy mountain will be closed until 11 pm, while those who wish to leave after the thanksgiving will be closed from 1 pm.
The mine was operated by Bah Macdonald Lyngdoh who is also the owner of the land in Mawlangria village. .
The Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun has once again allowed the dumping of garbage at Marten after receiving a promise that the Minister of Urban Affairs will visit Marten on the 22nd of this month. In November 2021, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar personally came to meet and explain to the residents of Mawlai about the garbage dump.
So they drank the wine with joy, and forty kinds of wine.
Thank you Shihajar.
Others can offer money and if they offer, they should take it and not only take it, but more, because it is the money of the people through the MLA scheme. Shillong, July 24 : Ka HANM Seng Kmie on Monday visited Borsora to stop the smuggling of coal to Bangladesh after receiving information that the smuggling of coal to Bangladesh was carrying coal from the state and not coal from abroad. the State.
Group A, Shillong – Umkseh vs Mawlai, 3 pm; Group B, Jowai – Sein Bhalang vs. Rymbai Iawpynsing, 2:30 pm; Group C, Seven United vs Pyndengrei, 3 pm; Group D, Tura – Mauritius vs Chipakkore, 3 pm.
And since the Khasi-Pnar, like all Assamese, uses a lot of rice in their diet, we believe that it is necessary for the Khasi and Pnar farmers to understand what we get from rice. and from rice or from all foods made from them.
Referring to the meeting of the party's General Council, Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that there was a discussion that in June this year they will be able to hold this meeting. , because they have postponed the one in conflict with the recent elections.
Three Khasi youths including Barson Lawai, Stanling Khriam and Dispar Mukhim from Sabuda village have been arrested on the night of the 10th of this month from Umpaklong village by Assam police on charges of rape. The residents and village leaders said that it is only a corruption of the Assam police who intend to arrest the Khasi youth without any truth. There is no basis for the incident which happened in Jatalong.
On the allegation by the Legal Rights Observatory (LRO), Hindu Rashtra and a BJP page, which distributed the LRO's letter alleging that the act was committed by KSU members, the young leader said Times Now has accepted only the LRO's letter and has not sought information from the party on the incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The fate of the 212 candidates for the KHADC-123 and JHADC-89 constituencies will be determined tomorrow Friday by the counting of votes from 8 pm.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister handed over the appointment letters to several candidates including Ibapalei Syiemlieh, Ferdinand Chyrmang, Jessica Kharbuki and Meghna D Sangma.
Friends, don't be surprised.
She said that in the next four days from 7th to 10th June, 165 students and Meghalayans will leave Imphal.
“We have seen that many parents have expressed their concern that when they go to look for these books including English, Mathematics and Science at the bookstores around the country. Shillong and other districts have not received those books,” said Enlang.
“It is only a discussion between the members and we have not taken any decision to write to Delhi and now if an order comes from Delhi, that I have to leave, then I am ready to leave,” he said.
The Party said that the first thing is that the officer who issued the Show Cause Notice has acted on his own in ignorance of the Meghalaya Services (Conduct) Rules, i to demonstrate the ability to work with the expectation of receiving praise from the ruling Party officials in the state.
When we investigate, we find that they have links with the people of the Government Ministers,” said Bah Rymbai.
One of the taxi drivers in Upper Shillong said that in fact it is a time when taxi drivers don't want to reach the limit to stop working, because the examination of school children is ongoing, but u He said that if the taxi drivers continue to be harassed, they will not stop working.
“I missed hitting the ground, but it was a memory when I look back on the takeovers to run the games," he added after announcing his retirement on Tuesday.
Due to the environmental conditions in the world and the need to comply with the rules and regulations of the authorities, this annual shad ainguh aidem has had to be reduced. , compared to the days and years of the past.
There are no volunteers there.
Many times we have seen the leaders fall before these villagers.
If we cannot eliminate the Khasi hatred, we cannot expel the mynder ri, and there will be a Khasi war at any time.
The SP of East Garo Hills , Davies Marak , said that during a raid in Durama forest , three GNLA troops armed with heavy weapons suddenly opened fire on Police and there was a shootout which lasted for about 10 minutes and after a while the body of the Eagle Hunter leader was found.
Thus, there are parties that win only a few seats and no more parties can get a single majority.
During the meeting, I had the opportunity to talk to him and he promised to pay the money and also set a deadline to pay the entire amount by 5th November
The Assam Integrated River Basin Management Project is aimed at preventing flooding and groundwater erosion near the Beki and Buridehing River Basins.
The photograph was handed over to the DC office through Bah SS Syiemlieh, MCS I/C Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District.
Conrad said that according to the revised estimate for the current fiscal year, the revenue collection of the State will amount to T.2636 crore.
The meeting was attended by experts and participants who provided full training, experiences related to daily working practices to improve their skills, cooperation and sharing of ideas on any training received in the field of education.
In his election campaign, Modi said he was the son of a poor caste who sold tea and that his mother was a laborer who worked in the houses of neighbors and in the On the day of polling, she went to vote by auto rickshaw to Gandhinagar.
Also at the Dorbar Bah of the National Assembly to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 held on 31st July 2019 at Student Square Shillong.
“We don't know about this union and we don't know who gave the authority to the union, it is a union that has just emerged in these few days,” he said.
The Secretary Elaka Lakadong, strongly condemned this action by the authorities of the law enforcement agencies and said that this is a public hearing where the people can come and listen and explain what is there, but the people of Villages from Lakdong Elaka, Suchen Pyllun and other residents were also blocked by the police in Bataw.
Both of them lived happily ever after in the garden of Eden, without the need for sowing or harvesting.
Syiem has filed her nomination papers with Assembly Secretary H Mylliemngap after being elected by the Congress party to contest the Upper House elections.
Speaking to reporters yesterday, Bah Shylla wanted to explain to the public the issues related to the powers and authority of Rangbah Shnongs which has been discussed a lot these days. Article 244(2) of the Constitution to strengthen the District Autonomous Council and not to introduce Article 371 (A) and (G) as Nagas and Mizos. The fourth is to repeal the Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act 2012. The fourth is to repeal the MLA scheme. The beneficiaries of the MLA scheme are free from all these conditions.
The arrested were identified as Rohit Raj Pandey, 22, and Bipul Kumar, 19, from Bihar.
He said that many kinds of sports have been supported to develop and improve, so that the young children can benefit by participating in various sports programmes.
The union also demanded to install an ATM machine in the bank for the convenience of the public.
Because many of those who have learned now, many explanations have emerged to explain themselves by themselves, like those blind men of ancient Hindustan who explained and explained about the elephant.
Shillong, July 12 : The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has denounced the allegations that its MLA Gavin M Mylliem is a candidate for the Assembly and a candidate for the constituency. The United Democratic Party (UDP), on the 12th July, 2023, had the opportunity to respond to these allegations through a meeting with the party supporters at the football ground of Mawkdok.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya today welcomed four leaders and prominent members of the party at its office at Bivar Road Shillong.
Aizawl: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, who is also the President of the National People's Party (NPP), today arrived in Aizawl to form the National People's Party (NPP) in Mizoram tomorrow.
He also urged and taught the parents to take PCV and RVV properly to protect their children from pneumonia and diarrhea.
"We have decided to share information between the two countries," said Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal.
According to a source, the incident happened in November last year, and after conducting a thorough investigation, the police have arrested the suspect. he is the thief.
At present, the state has only 150 units and the rest will be obtained from abroad.
In these days, evil has ridden on every human being who has forgotten his own identity and has tried to drive away the Rongphong and the desires which have violated the rights of Longbriew. Man.
Amit Shah said the Congress has divided the country on the basis of religion and therefore it is necessary to bring in this new law.
Eldie said that the KHADC has issued the Trading License according to the authority granted by the Constitution of the country and not to force foreigners to set up shops.
Because as we have heard and seen through reports broadcast by the North Korean media in the past few days, it is said that North Korean leader, Kim Jong Un, has announced that He will visit Russia to meet face-to-face with Russian President Vladimir Putin and discuss the export of North Korean weapons to Russia, so that Russia can use them during its war. against Ukraine.
(iv) In June, 2018, the Chief Minister proposed to issue work permits to Bangladeshis.
Agreeda is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Chemistry, Synod College Shillong.
The President of the CORP Central Body, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, has immediately suspended him as a member of the party from today.
“It is better to call the MUA-II government a festival government, not a ruling government for the people, for the development of the country,” said Bah Kurkalang.
Pastor Phawa said that the Assembly today held an emergency meeting and at that meeting, it was decided to hand over to the Office. “Until now we have not been able to confirm, we have to look into it, we cannot accuse anyone without truth,” said Pastor N.S. Power.
When asked, Tiwari said the ECI has directed the Central Agencies to strengthen border security through the BSF and other armed forces.
From this place, police also seized three bags of illegal drugs because they were packed inside the bags.
The news was made public by Jitu Vaghani, the BJP leader in Gujarat.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The first round of the Meghalaya Got Talent competition will start on the 9th of July at Don Bosco Anton Hall, Laitumkhrah.
Speakers included Tejbir Singh, Head of Star Cement Lumshnong, Dr P. Shylla, Ripos Lyngdoh, Kyrmen Foundation, MDC Emlangki Lamare. and Dayosha Biam, Krmen Foundation.
“The HNLC is not against India or against other ethnic groups or religions like Hindus or Muslims but it is a party that stands for rights, truth and human rights,” he said. added.
“Why do they know, this is because the VPP has the courage and conviction of the VPP which stood up in front of the Governor to say don't speak Hindi because we don't understand.
In the second half, in the 61st minute, Samuel Kynshi won the ball to Parvaj who tried to score another goal but it turned back to Samuel Kynshi who scored. .
On the other hand, it is fortunate that the earthquake in Umnget, but it did not cause any tragic incident or injuries to the people living inside these houses, which are nearby. to Umran.
The reporter found that there are managers of the dew iong owners who are rich, who drink king size cigarettes and expensive kyiad; but those who were free, now they didn't need any more jam and they came to Iewduh with the star in their hands.
When Kong Mer saw that Rida was there, she cried out with joy, “You have come Shane khun...” “Hooid Mei ieid...” Rida replied, “It's been a long time since I saw her. you.
However, the Bill to amend Section 2 and Schedule 3 of the Citizenship Act, 1955 to the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2016 has excluded Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians. from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan, no longer as illegal immigrants under the provisions of the Passport (Entry into India) Act, 1920, and the Foreigners Act, Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan if they enter India will become citizens and will no longer be treated as illegal immigrants and will be exempt from persecution. punishable in the rules of law.
If we are self-sufficient, outsiders cannot do anything against us.
Conrad K Sangma, last night, wrote on his Facebook page that there are currently 8 cases undergoing treatment and 51 cases in the state.
“Even DD Lapang and Conrad K Sangma have lost the election, I am not sorry because I have done good,” said Bah Pynshngain.
“The construction of the Battalion Outpost is the beginning of the ownership of the Government of Assam within the border of Meghalaya and through this Outpost Assam will prevent any opposition to the border crossing into the state. “I am,” said the President of the JSM.
The areas to be affected by the curfew are the Municipal, Cantonment, Mawlai and Mawpat Block, Mylliem Block, Umshyrpi to Hynniewmer.
It is not easy by human power to see them, especially among a large crowd.
This is the Jowai Bypass road connecting Thadlaskeiñ to Mihmyntdu and vehicles heading to Khliehriat use this road to avoid entering Jowai.
From a layman's perspective, climate change, the decline in human values, and the rapid development of technology and other areas seem to lead to the end of this heritage. people.
Replying to the allegation by many that he distributes money and other items to the people, Dasakhiatbha said that his donation does not mean that he will buy votes with money but it is only a help. to give them without the intention of buying their votes.
We see the image of God hurt in the lives of the farmers who protest against the laws that oppress them.
Although football has been played this month, according to the schedule, today is the opening day of the Olympics.
According to Linda, during the ration selling campaign, Linda also contested the election, but the Waheh Shnong took advantage of the opportunity to use people who did not have voter registration in the village.
Aizawl: Mizoram has recognized more than 60 villages on the border with Assam as its territory, according to Home Minister Lalchiamlana.
At the same time, the court ordered that the CEM should no longer speak to the media including newspapers and channels.
NASA has tried to find the lunar lander from its Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter (LRO), but has not found it yet.
'The Khasi of old, although he was in the dark, he was wise because he knew and feared God.
The HYC in a statement said that the road was constructed by M/S Tanor Engineering Sunshine Sawkmie (JV), and it was found that the construction of the road was as broadcast in the videos. Regarding the cleaning of this road which has severely affected and endangered the residents of Diengiei Area especially the vehicles carrying agricultural products.
The two trucks were registered AS-24C 2442 and AS 24C
At first they stopped the motorcycle and asked for a phone to talk on the phone but when they didn't, they knieh and fled.
Jowai, June 28: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Syndai Unit led by the General Secretary of the JSU Heiplanmiki Tariang, Organizing Secretary Control Suliang and several members have submitted a petition to the office. The Assistant Executive Engineer of MePDCL Amlarem Sub-Division has demanded the immediate construction of new post lights in Syndai Village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: UDP MLA Eugeneson Lyngdoh on Tuesday announced that he will not contest the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections.
Satan does not have a body like humans but is a spirit being.
Therefore, the public is urged to be vigilant and not to be deceived by cyber crime through social media.
This is not to say that women no longer respect their fathers.
Shillong, Naitung 06 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the party will win more than 30 MLAs in the 2023 elections.
Sixteen cases were reported from Tinsukia district, 10 cases from Goalpara district and three cases from Karimganj district. Seven cases were reported from Sivasagar and Nagaon districts and five cases from Sonitpur district.
“It was decided at the meeting that the Selection Committee headed by the Chief Secretary of the State Government will select the International or National Film Festivals in the future. persons who shall participate after consultation with all three Departments as members of the Committee and also by mutual agreement”.
The KSU is also concerned about the spread of benami in the district.
“On the 15th of this month, Meghalaya will join hands with all the states in India to celebrate Janjatiya Gaurav Divas to showcase the richness and uniqueness of the indigenous peoples,” said Bah Kharkongor.
The Pentagon confirmed that Baghdadi's body was thrown into the sea, as was done with Osama bin Laden.
At the time of writing, the woman has not been taken to the hospital, but doctors Kabiraj are still trying.
The short program was conducted by Samla Iengskhem Mawkhiew NYV and trophies were awarded to the winner and loser teams.
They should be the leaders who are ready to reject those Districts or Civil Sub Divisions if they are the cause of ethnic differences among the children of Hynniew Trep Hynniew Wasa and who put the future of the country and the nation in it. darkness.
He said that like the incident in Nongmensong, it was committed by foreigners but it was allegedly committed by members of the political parties.
The Government should consider reshaping the city of Shillong and its surroundings and that is to create a District which can be Shillong District or any other name by including the city and Agglomeration to separate from the present East Khasi Hills, in order to facilitate and accelerate the work with the East Khasi Hills.
The Hill State struggle of the party under the leadership of Bah Hopingstone and other leaders of the party has been terrible and this struggle has led to the granting of a full state instead of an autonomous state. State.
The match was very interesting and friendly in the second half, as both teams couldn't score any more goals until the 85th minute when Fredrick Lyngdoh scored the second goal. for Mawtawar SC to secure the victory.
He said that the inability of the youth to create jobs is due to the lack of employment opportunities. The government has provided for the youth but at present there is no such thing,” he added.
What else can we do to lose confidence in the police? If the High Court has questioned the working methods of the state police until it has sent the CISF, it has a strong reason.
Sadly, honest policemen have been killed while corrupt policemen and those who help to cover up corruption have been rewarded for their crimes, said the CSWO. The government should refrain from rewarding those who violate the human rights of the people of the state.
The SP's statement came after the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) issued a statement ordering all Nepalis living in Khasi and Jaintia Hills to leave especially those living on the border with Meghalaya. and Assam including the Langpih area of ​​West Khasi Hills.
Opposition leaders in Andhra Pradesh have staged a protest against the Godavari Dam along the Godavari River. in Telangana where it said that this will have a serious impact on the residents.
This shows that the central government is not interested in the North East,” said Bah Jyrwa.
The KSU took this decision on Friday after the DC, East Jaintia Hills said that he has not yet received any report from the MSPCB.
Ajay was a middle-order footballer, who was famous from 1978 to 1992.
Rakkam said the term of office of the SEC will be two years from the date of issuance of the notice.
Everything should be completed as soon as possible.
Therefore, the JAC will launch a protest against the 111th Academic Council.
The JMB should also indicate in which villages the garbage trucks have been deployed, the numbers of the trucks and how long the trucks have been parked in the villages to collect the garbage.
It is only a border crossing.
He was speaking after the Congress leaders said that if they come back to power in 2023, they will review the social settlement agreement signed by the Meghalaya government with Assam to resolve the border issue. the seven places.
The Full Reservoir Level (FRL) has been increased from 128 meters to 130.10 metres, thus increasing the plant load factor to 60 percent (%) while the electricity generation has increased by The annual revenue will be about ₹ 8.5 crore.
The Biometrics Committee reports that fingerprints alone are not sufficient and may not work properly and therefore the idea has emerged to collect or photograph part of the iris after examination. works or not.
Perhaps, during the current Presidency (if she wins) she can do something if this MDA government is concerned and concerned about this and if it can still do something to show the Soh bankynsai before the elections. 2023.
Nongpoh: Leaders of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA and Bah Victor Rani MDC, have visited the public health centers in Jirang, to check the condition of their health facilities. public health facilities and especially at this time, when the government is still fighting against COVID-1
To make a sla in this way, you need a proper barn.
“In order to get the trust of the victims, the robbers put up pictures of the employee or the Chief Officer of any department.
According to the letter, there are about 10 trees in four places which have been cut down and will have to be repaired and also to be repaired.
West Khasi Hills, December 25, 2013 - Curfew has been imposed on the 25th of December to take part in the Christmas celebrations. who was buiad.
She also alleged that the BJP has not done anything in the last five years because it has been involved.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas Sangma, today adjourned the session of the Legislative Assembly.
Bangladesh Home Minister Asaduzzaman Khan has admitted that there is no plan to expel Bangladeshis from India, but the plan has been blocked by the border guards. those who have been confirmed to be citizens of that country.
I will continue to write about this so that as the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people we will not forget the history of the people after the British Government withdrew from our beloved Ri Khasi in
The Federation has also decided that if the government continues to act until the deadline, the Federation will take to the streets again to hold stronger protests.
However, even the mother of the suspect, has expressed her dissatisfaction if her son continues to go astray and commit the same crime while he is alive. it would be better for him to die than to be imprisoned for life in the United States and to die inside that prison.
There are 2,636 confirmed cases and 1,306 deaths.
They also said that they cannot set the price of chickens from traders who buy chickens from non-government farms as the price of mur is controlled by the DC in the district.
Therefore, he praised the HNYF for taking the initiative to repair the road, as through this repair it has made it easier for the people to travel.
These trees were donated by the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA), West Jaintia Hills through the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).
“We will have a prayer in the morning,” said the Father.
So living plants absorb water into their bodies, and when they die, they release all the water into the air.
In connection with this incident, it is said that shortly after the incident, a bus arrived and the people inside the bus immediately informed the residents of the village. Nonglang where they arrived at the scene and informed the police.
The PMGSY-II was launched in 2013, with the aim of upgrading 50,000 km of existing roads in rural areas.
The SNSBH wishes all the Village Leaders that God will guide them to good health and wisdom to do their job.
The office bearers include Rev (Dr) Batkupar Dunai, Chairman, Tony TC Marak, Vice Chairman, Synsharlang Kharshiing, Secretary, Rev David Marbaniang, Asst Secretary and Eric Brandon Nongkynrih, Treasurer. .
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to hold a meeting after the announcement of the mid-term MDC elections in Langrin on 3rd October to decide on the contest against the party by two MDCs, Bah Paul Lyngdoh. and Tebor Reading.
The total number of medals won by 20 MAKO Kickboxers from Sub-Junior, Junior and Senior categories is 29 (8 gold, 14 silver and 7 bronze).
He expressed his hope that the party nominated by the party, Bah Seraph Eric Kharbuli, will win from Sohiong this time.
Neroca are 12th with 7 points from 2 wins, 10 draws and 9 defeats.
The population density per sq.km has increased to 132 in 2011 from 45 in
However, for the second time that the MDA II has been in power in the state, even the high levels have had to remain silent because of the strength of the opposition.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, has imposed Section 144 Crpc in the district, which prohibits the gathering of more than three persons.
“Even those 36 Khasi Pnar villages which have been recognized by Labang Nongphyllut Pangam Raliang, the Council will try to transfer them back to Meghalaya because even the Council has the documents. page (record) to verify".
It is learned that the girl was lyniar and when her brother went out to help she saw a soldier in uniform fleeing into the boundary of Topcem Cement.
"“What makes evil succeed is that good people don't do anything" – Edmund BurkeKhublei Chihajar Ngooh.
Doctors from Robert Hospital, family members of Parad and District Authorities of Ri Bhoi District also gave an explanation. end of this meeting.
Samla Rangbah Donbok Kharlyngdoh, who is also the Vice-President of the Seng Kmie, said that many of the minority ethnic groups in the world have lost their identity due to the oppression of the majority ethnic groups.
Shillong: U Bah Ernest Mawrie, State President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), on Tuesday said that the BJP office bearers in the state have expressed their regret over the statement by Dr Chuba Ao. Meghalaya Incharge of the BJP has protested against the party leader in the state, Bah Ernest Mawrie.
The union has also demanded that the jobs reserved for the STs should be given to those from the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo communities, if any of them have qualified according to the needs of the STs. activity.
He left Sohra alone today with a firm intention to support Bah Adelbert Nongrum who is on hunger strike to urge the government to pass the Village Administration Bill soon.
They called together their friends from near and far. They said they came from Nartiang Raliang and Khynriam, then from Ahomia (Assamese) and Mikirs (Karbi).
“There were no incidents in any part of the district, the curfew has continued smoothly,” said the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 4 high rise cases and 37 cases from Mihmyntdu.
A Teacher is a person who has knowledge and understanding, who has dignity, manners and so on.
She said that she will work together with the people and leaders of the village to bring about change in the village and also with the Sport Club.
Of course I don't hate them, of course they are intelligent but they are a little different from men, women are short.
Therefore, regarding the issue of Benami activities in the area, the union urges the people in authority to take the necessary action, but if they cannot do so, the union will not He added that the government has taken stronger action to eradicate Benami activities in the area.
The AJYWO also requested the NGT to revoke this decision so that the people of Jaintia Hills will not starve.
During the three days of the Winter Tales program at Nan Polok, we saw sohniamtra vendors who came from Mawphu and received the right price for their soh because they farmers sell themselves to consumers.
There are 137 cases in East Khasi Hills, 87 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in West Khasi Hills, 23 cases in Ribhoi, 21 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills.
In the past few years alone, more than 22 insurgent groups have emerged in Garo Hills and more than 97 people have lost their lives from 2010 to 2013,” he said.
However, 10 days before the strike, the employees of the NHM received a letter directing the DHMPs to take attendance from the 4th of this month, as their services are on you are healthy.
When asked about the boundary of Garo Land, Nikman said that they have not yet reached the point of discussing it as they will have to rely on the government's sign which will be understood. only through communication.
They discussed many issues in this regard and the government should take action to protect women and children.
When asked whether the government has suspended the AIG for a temporary period, the DGP said that it has not been suspended yet as it will be done by the Ministry of Home Affairs after receiving these documents. sheets and evidence from the police department.
Speaking to reporters, Waheh Shnong Ma Tonroy Iongwai said that the Nangbah Dorbar Shnong does not use force or assault on anyone.
The two heads of the factory threatened the police and ordered the police to disperse the crowd who turned to the meeting place in Hindi.
At present, the AICC leadership is still in doubt and has not been willing to take any decision and is still considering the matter.
The march started from the ground floor of Sngap Syiem College and proceeded to Mawkyrwat Market and ended at Sngap Syiem College.
“This is a wild talk by trying to mislead the people of this state about uranium and uranium mining.
It was also witnessed that this deterioration of the road has been going on for a long time and even the drivers and even the passengers have been complaining from time to time and sometimes only because of the deterioration of the road. caused a tragic incident and the traffic jam of public vehicles passing through this road.
It has been almost a year since the MDA government of Conrad K Sangma hosted the G-20 summit, where the contractors of the department have been working hard since morning. night and until morning only to fulfill this desire.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have deported 30 foreigners to their village after they were found to be working without proper documents in West Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
He also urged the students to study hard to bring glory to the college.
Horkit horde! We hope that such an incident will never happen again in our Bri Hynniewtrep.
All Booth Level Officers will be present at all polling stations from 10th October, 2014 to 15th October, 2014 to conduct the registration.
The tournament has raised a lot of money in the past 10 years and has made it the richest federation in the world.
Speaking to Wei, Olympic Silver and Commonwealth Games Gold Medalist Robert Kabbas, teacher and teacher, said: “The management of the 5th Meghalaya Games is very good.
Other arrested are Bakstar Dkhar, 32, Cherishme Dkhar, 23, Eborlang Nongtdu, 35, Emerson Dkhar, 25, Roilang Dkhar, 36, Henry Shangpung, and Thynda Priest (36 years old).
In the Sub-Junior Cadet Boys – 42kg, Steven K. Thabah won the silver medal and Wadladbanteilang Kharsahnoh won the silver medal.
Shillong: The Commissioner of Revenue, Arunkumar Kembhavi, today said that there has been an increase in the collection of revenue in Meghalaya for the year 2020-2
In a letter sent to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, SNSBH General Secretary RL Blah said, “Presidents Rule should be enforced in Manipur to restore peace and order. Government will regain confidence.
In 2022, India has won 61 medals including 22 gold medals at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Nongpoh, November 23: In this age, many of the people do not understand about the elections and many of the candidates who have the desire to contest, who have the intelligence and knowledge to organize and who have sufficient education do not understand. They don't want to contest the elections to the Legislative Assembly because they don't have the money, but they don't have the money to win the elections.
Nongpoh: The Village Leaders of Mawtari Myrdon, on Tuesday said that if the government cannot implement the Residential School Building inside the village, they will take it to the village for use as a school. Because if you leave it like that, this building has turned into an Awria camp, a hiding place for criminals and those who will commit crimes in the evening.
Adjournment today – Waikhlempud has been closed without any delay.
Nongpoh, November 29: The Karbi Catholic Community of Meghalaya (KCCM) invites and invites all the faithful of the Karbi Catholic Church of four parishes including Umden, Nongpoh, Byrnihat and Mawbri Parishs to attend the ceremony. The 41st Annual Christmas Karbi and Annual Meet 2023 will be held on the 30th and 31st of this month at St. Joseph Catholic Church, Belkuri, Lumsinai Parish Umden, Ri-Bhoi District.
It is learned that at that time the patients and staff of the hospital fled the house due to fear.
These working conditions are also a cause of division among teachers and affect teachers.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organization (CoMSO) today met with the Chief Minister, Samlin Malngiang, Minister of PHE, Hamlet Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs. CoMSO has met with these elders to remind and demand that they should support the proposal to introduce the rules. The group also urged the government to complete the Inner Line Permit by April.
Emlang Laloo is a Joint Director of the Soil and Water Conservation Department of the State Government.
The RBSU leaders said that the RBSU has received many complaints from the youth applicants, who have complained to the RBSU about the rejection of them when they apply for the DSC, because many of them The RBSU urges the DC Ri Bhoi District to ensure that the DSC has been established in many districts of the state. It should first allow the youth from the District to work, that is, for those youth who are educated and who have the right to work.
Speaking to the media, the union leaders strongly condemned and demanded that the police department should investigate the case and not punish them with imprisonment or not. shu phasi noh, so that such kinds of activities that destroy the community will not happen again.
“According to him, there will be about 30,000 students who will receive this scholarship in this second round of disbursement from the central government.
He said that the Dorbar of the Elaka is also against the forced establishment of a gate by the KAAC within the boundary of the Elaka.
However, it is not yet known whether the government has found out the cause of the death of the trees.
The creation of this Sub Division will ensure that the people of this area will be able to receive assistance more easily and quickly through the services of the government,” he said.
After his arrest, Marak led police to a hidden weapons cache at Rongcheng village in West Khasi Hills, three rifles, an AK and a 303 rifle.
Singh, a Congress member from Rajasthan to the Rajya Sabha, served as prime minister between 2009 and
Nongpoh: A day after Assam released the National Registration of Citizens (NRC) in Assam, it revealed that more than 40 lakh residents of Assam have not been registered. on the NRC list; This has shocked the state government and prompted the state government to order all the DCs and SPs in all districts of the state to be vigilant.
Shillong: U MLA from Umroi Constituency, Bah George Lyngdoh, on Tuesday alleged that the struggle for the metor issue before the mid-term elections is only a misleading act of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. Until today, the government has not been able to evict these people.
The 67-year-old manager has been replaced by Diego Alonso, whose contract has been terminated after the team failed to continue. chess in the group stage of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
We pray that God will strengthen you in these difficult times.
Shillong: As part of the prevention of the spread of Convid-19, the State Government today announced a curfew across the state from the 23rd of this month. from 10 am to 25th October and the curfew will continue from 27th to 29th October while on the 26th the public will be allowed to buy food items at home.
Many of the things that the Congress party has done we cannot repay,” said Bah Charles Marngar.
At the meeting, it was also announced that no parking of vehicles will be allowed at the market or at Basa Sohsaw. the Kingdom will be fixed.
Shillong, Nailur 8: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prof RC Laloo, on Tuesday urged parents, villages and townships to send all their children to school so that Meghalaya can become a better state. and there shall be no more any that cannot read or write.
At this meeting, DC West Karbi Anglong informed about the approval of the Karbi along with the condition to cut down the tree trunk planted by the Lapangap.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the raid on the houses of people in Umsawli area was carried out in accordance with the law. that they are people who have come to skud government land.
Shillong: The sudden outbreak of a cyclone in Eastern West Khasi Hills District on Friday night has caused the loss of life and damage to houses in villages in Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking during the election campaign in Amlarem, Sniawbhalang Dhar said, “I am a helper and I did not come here as a bulldozer, but a repairman of the constituency.
The shooting death of these compatriots in Mukroh happened at a time when Meghalaya and Assam were on their way to start the second phase of border talks.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Bah Hamletson Dohling, Advisor to the Chief Minister, Dr (Shri) P Shakil Ahammed, Additional Chief Secretary, Dr. RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, RM Sohkhlet, Secretary of Sports and Youth Affairs, former MLA of Mawphlang Constituency Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, senior office bearers of the Meghalaya Football Association and district sports leaders. various associations in the state.
Gujarati and Marathi people, including government officials, businessmen, government employees and members of the armed forces along with their families were invited to witness the programme.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 21: The NEHUTA on Tuesday demanded that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU should appoint an inquiry into the alleged rape of Nantu Das. He is still in custody of a referee.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 27: West Khasi Hills District has reached 78.59% turnout in the three constituencies of the district.
Shillong: After a meeting between the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, today at his residence at Raj Bhawan, the Chief Minister said that the It was decided that the Governor will leave for Delhi after November 17 to meet with Amit Shah and several Ministers of the Union Government on the issue of Inner Line Permit ( ILP) and the MRSSA (Amendment) Bill,
The two AICC leaders have completed two days of interviews with all the Congress members in the state.
“The TMC has stolen Lakshmi from my house.
Shillong, July 22: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has declared a 24 hour curfew from 6:00 pm on the 25th of July to 6:00 pm on the 26th of July. date of change.
For Non-NFSA, 7.215 kilos per card/household will be distributed at the price fixed by the Vigilance Committee and no more than T.14/- per kg including urban and rural areas. .
Speaking to media, Chuba Ao said that the request of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong that if the BJP is not happy to be under the umbrella of the MDA Government, it can. He said that in human nature there are always mistakes here and there but these issues can be resolved by talking and understanding.
Even when the Umsning Police Outpost came, they could not resolve the matter, so the family members of the Longkmie, when they realized that they could no longer bury her at the Lum Jingtep Balang, They didn't want to keep the body for many days, so they went to dig a hole in their own land and bury it with dignity.
He has decided to expire the contract until
She said that if the government does not do anything or to build this road, she will not leave this area.
She also questioned the Congress, TMC, HSPDP and UDP who have been pleased with the explanation given at the meetings of the Government and all political parties. listen to the Roster System.
“I alone can provide 20 Khasi youths and if everyone does so, the time will come when we don't need to go looking for government jobs anymore,” he added.
The newly joined NPP members were welcomed by the MLA of the area, President of the NPP Mawshynrut Block, Gigur Myrthong, in the presence of the MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam, Bajop Pyngrope. Welcoming the newly joined party, Mawshynrut MLA Gigur Myrthong said that in the past it was very difficult. However, these days, the people have been quick to join the NPP, because they have seen the work that the NPP has done under the leadership of the MDA government. in the last four years.
The fighting between the two groups under the command of Chief of Army Staff Abdel Fattah al-Burhan and his Symbud Mohamed Hamdan Daglo began on 15 June and intensified. until this time.
Shillong, July 13: U MLA of Nongthymmai, Bah Jemino Mawthoh on Thursday asked the government about the difference in the price of electricity from different companies.
On the other hand, Bah Wilson Sohshang President of HANM said that the Assam police have violated Article 21 of the Constitution of India and that is the right to life.
Bah Nongsiej said that the department will immediately send officers and engineers to provide protection as soon as possible so that it will not be a huge loss to these villages.
Snepkor oil is considered to be one of the best foods to eat.
Meghalaya has an area of ​​22,429 square meters according to the map.
He said that according to the writings received from England published in 1863, it was said that the French troops had found it very difficult to fight against the army led by Woh Kiang Nangbah. Three French army commanders were killed in Ri Jaintia.
This is where the answer to this question comes from and we need to know and understand it.
He said that sometimes they have been thrown and sometimes they have been sympathetic, but they cannot because it is difficult to walk on foot and it is a bumpy forest road.
He said that if the rural areas are lagging behind, the country and the nation are lagging behind.
The KSU has sent a statement to the State Government and the Central Government to strengthen the laws against the illegal entry of foreigners but the surprising thing is that even inside the Infiltration Check Gate the employees have not protested. These foreigners said that they pay only T.4000 thousand to enter the state and reach Umsning.
Dr War said that 2% of the deaths were those who had not completed the second injection and those who had chronic illnesses such as cancer and other diseases and this is because if they get this virus they already have this disease which will affect them.
“The work has just started and those who wish to contest from the UDP can come forward.
With many discussions, they decided not to fight anymore, but to make peace. So both Mawphu and Laitiam listened to the advice and advice of Buhsing and Borsing. Buhsing and Borsing together with their people agreed to give him the land in dispute, if he came to live and settle there. They made a covenant to stay in this place, and when they had finished all this, they went back to their own places.
And we cannot say that we have seen that our government from the Government of India to the Government of Meghalaya and all its departments with the same concern about the spread of this Corona-Virus have removed sleepless nights in order to create ways and means for the eradication of this disease in this country and also in our state.
The editorial said that after the social agreement on 3rd July 2015, Prime Minister Narendra Modi boasted that he had been able to resolve the longest-running conflict in Southeast Asia.
However, it has been of benefit only to the contractors who are the people of the leaders,” said Wandappynkmen Marweiñ President.
Mawreng scored the first goal through B Dkhar in the 12th minute and took a 1-0 lead by the end of the first half.
“Yes, to those who know, but like us, we won't reach the world,” said Kong Rep and kner to take the kwai.
Metbah was elected and confirmed by the General Council of the party held on Saturday.
Nongpoh: The District Urban Affairs Unit in collaboration with the Nongpoh Town Committee, today celebrated the 75th Anniversary of Amrit Mahotsav. India since Independence.
Her visit is also part of the 2023 election campaign in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 15 : The NCP MLA from Gambegre, Saleng A Sangma on Friday alleged that the site of the Tura Medical College has turned into a forest camp.
Bah Hetsing Lymphoma 29.
Kharang SC and Mawkasiang SS&CC have won their first title in the U-20 Football League 2023 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association.
At the same time, the union has also lodged a complaint against an MVI (Motor Vehicle Inspector) of West Jaintia Hills who never comes to the office.
About 100 vehicles with full security equipment left the city yesterday to curb the riots.
Lamare Sports Club Kolkata beat United Sports Club Kolkata in the semi final, 2nd leg of the 2022-23 Invitational Knock Out Football Tournament 2022-2 Nongstoiñ Sports Social & cultural club.
We see Him growing and winning the minds of the people, this affects our power and glory, and thus affects our income...If we can't destroy Him we will be nothing more .
“They don't have any issues to discuss and this shows that this is a feeling of weakness that they will be defeated,” said the BJP spokesperson. Initially, the incident started during the speech of Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, NPP MP candidate from Shillong Seat, but it was stopped later. that the Police have taken away those people who have been more violent.
Khliehriat, Nailur 26: In the 1st Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) today, R.Synrang Shahkhaiñ SC defeated R.Synrang Shahkhaiñ SC SC. Rymbai School SC won 6-2
He said that the Khasi do not want to go to Assam even though it will bring development but Assam has deceived and frightened them that it will be like this until there are some who are able to do the NRC. Assam's invasion is due to the presence of Nepalis who have close ties with Assam, he said.
According to police sources, David Lyngdoh of Langkyrding Shyiap was arrested by the Special Cell this morning.
Police said the traffickers were stopped near Kantanagre and taken to Dipogre, near Damal Asim village.
Another Vice President of the party, Bah George Lyngdoh, said the party demands that the implementation of the Roster System should continue and the government has approved this.
Reports also said that despite the government's ban, the sale of glyphosate is easily available from any shop in Garo Hills whether in urban areas or in rural areas. village.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC Ranikor Constituency, said that the relief efforts have been distributed to 12 villages involving 300 people. The villages include Maheshkola, Sohmylleng, Chitokgre, Dambaggre, Rongdiggri, Ganganagar A and B, Goraibari, Upper Gillagora, Rongdangngai and others.
The forum stands with those who have been affected by this incident and those who have been evacuated from their homes and have been evacuated to military barracks where they will be strong, vigilant and unity.
Regarding the turmoil within the Congress party, Prestone Tynsong said that the people have been shocked and tired of the painful family and how can we provide services to the people? If the family is broken and the parents are not sure that they can rule the household if they are broken.
He said that the people do not get to see or know how skilled their MLA is because he is not in the opposition.
In a statement, Bah PB Sylliang Secretary of the Union said that the awarding ceremony will start at 11 pm. -Bhoi who have led the tournament have won medals in various sports which is the pride of the district and the state as a whole, and this award is an encouragement to them to continue to prepare well. furthermore in other higher-level events.
On the part of one of the hurdles players of the country, Ryzhykova expressed her hope that others are facing the same difficulties and sorrows.
Not only were the best cows of the area exhibited at the festival, but also sports including Iatan tyllai for 10 people each, thong race and other activities were held.
Speeches were delivered by Bah R Rapsang, Secretary Village, Lakhon Sari, Standby Me Sari and welcome speeches by Firstly Sari Secretary Mukhla Nongrim Sport Club.
However, the police have told the villages to fine only T.4 or T.5 thousand and on the advice of the police, the village authorities have demanded a fine from these shijur. but they did not pay, because they had no money.
He said that the interpretation of the Forest Department through the Meghalaya Forest Amendment Act 2012 is in conflict with the judgment of the Supreme Court in the case of TN Godavarman v. Government of India (WP 202 of 1995). clearly that the term forest should be understood according to the words contained in the dictionary, which is free from ownership (in accordance with the provisions of the Forest Conservation Act).
Sardar Vallabhai Patel, when he came to Shillong in 1948, said, “Your land is a land fit for the Gods to dwell with fresh air, clean running streams, fresh and tasty water. Your country is the right country to live in and blessed by the Gods, the country of milk and honey.
Why does the world (people of the world) hate Jesus? Jesus said – “Because I testify about her that her works are evil.
From the Rudraksha of Kashi to the modern Bharat Mandapam, Modi said there is a message in the journey of the Akhil Bhartiya Shiksha Samagam which is a combination of the old and the new.
" said RidaKumne after the conversation and they were very pleased.
Umiam United scored two more goals in the 75th and 79th minutes when Sheen Sohktung scored the first goal of the match. Both the goals went straight into the net which led Umiam United to score three goals.
Shillong, July 7: The MLA of Shella constituency who is also the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr. Donkupar Roy, on Tuesday said that the rise of the BJP in Meghalaya is due to the rise of the BJP in Meghalaya. Because of the weakness and incompetence of the Congress party.
“It is unfortunate that all the appointments are based on estimated censuses and not on facts,” he said.
Real have 86 points from 37 games and are nine points ahead of Barcelona after a 2-1 defeat at Osasuna.
This is the second time that the NYK office has been burnt down in the past few years. He has lodged a complaint this morning with the Nongstoin Police Station. .
Bah Patrick Nongrum was one of the leaders of the village whom we will never forget because he was a true rangbah in who stood for the “shikyntien ka hok” he was ready to leave at any time. for the Village, Youth, and Village.
The Minister said that the Government has passed the Meghalaya Street Vending Act, 2014 but the Central Government has also passed the same Act in such as the Street Vendors Protection of Livelihood and Regulation of Street Vending Act, 2014.
So far, 37 cases have been confirmed, 19 have recovered and one has died.
“Until now we have not received any confirmed news of the arrival of the Prime Minister in the state to take part in the Independence Day celebrations. “I can confirm this,” said the Chief Secretary to the media on Thursday.
Shillong, June 8: The Guwahati High Court has ordered that government authorities, whether police or DCs, are no longer allowed to seek the approval of Rangbah Shnongs for any purpose. The Sub Divisional Officer of Amlarem, in the past few days, has ordered the Rangbah Shnongs, who fall under his jurisdiction, not to judge, if there are any cases. but that they should inform the police, that they may take the necessary action.
The passenger was the one who was most seriously injured in the accident, as he was not wearing a helmet, while the driver was less seriously injured because he was wearing a helmet.
He said it will boost income generation in line with the theme of Kaushal Bharat, Kaushal Bharat.
Muksh Ambani, owner of Jio, said it would enable 1.35 billion Indians to use smart phones.
Therefore, as a leader, he urged these leaders not to come to the party for personal gain or for the benefit of their families, but their presence within the party is to be those leaders who are quick. to work for the great cause of the country and the Nation, he added.
Regarding the Jowai garbage dump, he said that if the leaders of Jaintia Hills have the desire to provide a proper garbage dump, it will take only 6 months to provide a proper garbage dump by improving the existing garbage dump. However, due to the lack of willingness of the MLA of Jowai and Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Urban Affairs, this work has stopped and turned Jowai into a garbage dump and the houses have been destroyed.
This can be a type of ior or thah.
Shillong, July 11: Ka KAM Meghalaya in the past few months has collected Rs 10 lakh from the people for the preparation of this year's elections.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Tuesday announced the dates of elections in four states – Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan, Telangana and Mizoram.
How many of us, the children of the Pnar-Bhoi-War and Lyngngam Khasi, have gone in search of Meikha? Not good, because we don't understand Meikha's mind.
In Ri Bhoi District, it will be in Rani, Jirang and in West Khasi Hills, it will be in Umwali, Lejadubi and Langpih.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest, while congratulating the Shnong for this 25th Anniversary, said, “For the Umiew Maw Sam Presbyterian LP School, I have allocated 5 lakh tyngka to improve it.
“It is sad to happen but we hope that the government will continue through this incident today, to resolve properly and this incident happened inside the NEHU grounds but we don't know whether Such incidents have happened at other examination centers in the state,” said the parents.
Mondal has directed the district authorities to increase the number of people along the road in East Khasi Hills District and Ri-Bhoi District. and to take safety measures and avoid traffic jams.
That spirit is not long.
“The Federation expresses its hope that hotels and restaurants will follow these guidelines so that the environment will attract tourists”.
They earn millions and billions of dollars by leading them to destruction.
Shillong, Naitung 21: Police on Saturday seized heroin worth up to T. Bhoi after receiving a tip that there has been a heavy drug trafficking in Ri-Bhoi district. 28 lakh rupees.
The authorities have already informed the PWD and the Ministry of Education, but no one has taken action to build or repair the dormitory.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today held a meeting with various government departments to clean up the Umiam River.
The BSF also seized 399 cows, 465 cft of wood, 2738 billion of kyiad, 6 boats, 114 billion of phensedyl, 3 geckos and other illegal goods worth T.1.24 crore. This is in 174 cases of smuggling of money to Bangladesh.
The residents also suspected that the robbers, who had broken into the parking lot, had used tyrmen, in which they had bombed the doors of the parking lot, until it collapsed. kram and which has caused great damage to the people of this village.
Shillong: The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) on Tuesday said that it has reached the third phase of its strike, due to the lack of attention to the demands of the Union.
It is not easy to arrest drug traffickers without enough informants and cooperation between various agencies and especially between the police of different states.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The ARPA, which has been in power in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has been involved in the fundraising campaign. There has been a strong conflict between the HSPDP and the UDP, which have shown that they stand on their own grounds.
Umsohjew and sying water:—- Both of these can be beneficial for weight loss.
Speaking on the occasion, Mukul said the Meghalaya Landlords and Tenants Bill 2013 is designed to bring peace to the state from the entry of foreigners.
The JSM Western Region has decided to go to Khanduli village to remove the Entry Tax Gate by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC). he shall be responsible for all these things.
In money, both the giver and the receiver have no difference, no religion, no relationship.
On this issue, he said that if the government feels sorry for the people of the area, it would be pleased to turn its attention and build a road to the area, so that the people will not suffer.
“After I took over the Home (Jail) department, I asked for a report on the strengthening of the security forces in the jails by installing CCTV cameras and appointing more staff.
“Does the Hon'ble MLA Bahduh Prestone Tynsong listen to the problems of the people and visitors”? The lack of responsibility of the PWD department was evident during the visit of the Chief Minister to Pynursla on the 13th. This department has been cleaned up just to protect the honor of the MLA because his department has already failed.
When he looked at her, he smiled and kissed the child.
Along with this Tavern Club, there is also a reserved area for entertainment and games for children so that it will not be an obstacle for parents who have nothing to relax by coming here. a place of entertainment and pleasure.
Sumitra Mahajan, Speaker of the Lok Sabha, today announced that she will not contest the elections this time.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 130 new cases have been confirmed and 1557 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
The Association also expressed its concern for the future of the students of the state if they have to go to other states as there have been problems with the CMJ University.
Do you mean that we have fielded 40 candidates and said that we are working hard only to win 32 out of the 40?
According to sources, these youths are students of various schools in Manipur.
The Governor also visited the famous Umngot River which is one of the most popular tourist attractions.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, one of the alumni, Pastors, Tymmen Basan and other alumni of the school.
It was seen that in the morning the Municipal confiscated the goods but in the evening the market vendors were filled with tar.
Navy officials said that the sub-marine crew did not need anyone else to rescue themselves. 18 people were killed in the incident. officer.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, under sub rule-1 of Rule 20, together with subrule-1 of section 19 of the Rule of the Assam Meghalaya Autonomous District Council ( The Governor of Meghalaya, on the recommendation of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has announced that he will revoke the Paul Lyngdoh from his post as Executive Member of the Council since the issuance of this order.
The purpose of this day is to urge the public to understand the uniqueness of the blind.
“It is not true that those whose mother is a Khasi and whose father is a foreigner should be deprived of the Syrnot Schedule Tribe. only because they are the children of Kmie.
He said that South West Khasi Hills District is one of the districts closest to Bangladesh and has been prone to such incidents in the past years.
The Waheh Shnong of Thangraiñ, Ma Pyrkhat Sungoh, said that the incident happened while the child was trying to put firewood inside the fireplace near his house.
We forget and don't respect them because they have been misunderstood as poor women, unnecessary and therefore unable to build the rule in the kingdom.
It is on this basis that the Syiem is ready to cooperate for the construction of this public garbage dump. FKJGP together with the Syiem will soon visit the garbage dump to provide this garbage dump for the villages in Raid Marwet and Byrnihat area. one, the king of the Marwet Raid, Paiem Ken.
It is just a promise perhaps just because the Assembly elections are approaching,” said the statement.
Shillong: The Shillong Electric Crematorium, today clarified that it has no problem allowing the crematorium in Jhalupara, if the state government takes necessary measures to prevent the spread of coronavirus. .
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the problem of power outage in the state is not from the Generation Company, but from the Transmission Company (PGIL). The state government has called a meeting with the management of PGCIL and it has been decided that after 24 hours, the 7 hour light cut will be lifted in the state,” he said.
SC Sadhu, former Secretary, Community and Rural Development (C&RD) and Forest Environment, will be appointed as the new Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
This area falls under the North Shillong constituency headed by the CEM.
Leaders of the KSU Huroi Unit, said that the BSF guarding is an illegal construction of the camp and has caused problems to the passengers from Lejri, Lailong, Huroi who have to pass through the camp. “It is impossible to count how many times these border guards have insulted and harassed the people of the border area. The presence of these BSF troops has become a source of concern for the women and children as these BSF troops do not hesitate to touch even the school children.
Furthermore, the party has strongly criticized Mukul Sangma who is leading the present government by accusing him of being the cause of trouble in the state and should not speak wisely about the Foreign Act.
He said that the Foundation has faced many difficulties especially that they don't have an Orphanage Center so they can't take in the children. The Foundation has been able to continue to provide assistance to the children and those with disabilities.
At the same time, he said that joining the BJP should not dissolve the executive committee in JHADC, but to strengthen the ruling party with the support of the central government.
“Perhaps to the Prime Minister, these issues are unnecessary for the people,” said the HYC. He did not mention the protection of the environment and the mining of uranium even though there was a demand to introduce a resolution in the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, March 16: The Khenniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) in a statement today expressed its desire to connect Meghalaya by railway MP Ma V Pala. and other parts of India, but the party said it still stands on the same ground that it cannot accept the railway line in the state unless measures are taken to close it. you can enter the pictures.
But if you win, you will be like a Sier Lapalang, who will be destroyed until the days of his death.
In the song, which he ringed, Ranu sang her favorite songs, which used to be sung by Lata Mangeshkar, titled "Ek pyaar ka Nagma Hai" Ranu has made more than 500 million people listen to her songs.
Velanie, Karen and Sushmita played in the middle with Karen.
Many national records have been set at the KIYG, 2021 in various sports including weightlifting and athletics.
As a person who works for the people and a leader, I am ready to apply for a ticket if the party allows me to stand as a candidate but if the party or you the people have someone else who is more I don't want to fight and I am ready to work for the party”.
Sanki Dhar scored the first goal for Lumlakhiat in the 25th minute.
Shillong, Nailar 6: Officers of the Custom Department, North East Region, today arrested a suspected robber. Customs have seized 475.610 kilograms of Cannabis from a truck registered RJ-14GB-6731 near ISBT, Ramnagar, Silchar.
The incident prompted the district authorities to declare a curfew.
After the complaint of the students, a group of journalists met with the Principal of the College, OU Lyngdoh and he said that the management of the College has already written to the department. to appoint teachers but the government has not yet appointed them.
Similarly, news and events from all districts and areas can be accessed through the App of the stations.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that with this amendment, the appointment authorities for the posts of Under Secretary, Deputy Secretary and Joint Secretary will be the Chief Secretary as they are not senior posts.
Elsitta Mathew, Vice Principal and teachers including Ashra John Kharumnuid and Peter Lawai.
East Khasi Hills has 21 active cases, West Garo Hills 16, Ri Bhoi 23, West Jaintia Hills 18, South West Garo Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 4, Eastern West Khasi Hills 1 and North Garo Hills , South Garo Hills 3, East Jaintia Hills 7, West Khasi Hills 9 and East Garo Hills
“I feel that there has been a stir in the Congress because of the defeat in Assam and the mid-term elections in Tura Lok Sabha,” he said.
On the new dorbar hall, the prime minister and the speaker announced the intention to complete the construction by
KHLIEHRIAT: A woman has been stabbed to death by unidentified robbers in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking to media after leaving the House, Titosstarwell admitted that the decision of the ruling party to pass the bill was an act of violence amidst many shortcomings in the bill. .
“If I am not mistaken, the sohtrun from Meghalaya is the best in India but the farmers have not got enough market to benefit,” he said. a clean and delicious sohtun from this state and eastern India.
How to long-hone.
Bah Ganold, as MLA of Nongshken Constituency for 3 terms and MDC for 4 terms, never lost sleep to become a Minister of State himself. Minister of Law, in the Government of 1983 (even the Government led by Bah BB Lyngdoh), but this Government, has failed for only two months, because at that time, there was no law. Therefore, those who lose their seats do not stay in their own party and are involved in the strength of the Congress party and that is why the national parties do not stay in power. in the State, in the 80s and 90s.
“Rahul Gandhi has given his life and blood for the party.
We urgently need sons of the mother who will carry the burden and work hard for a better future.
The tournament started in November
" She replied Homesickness crept into Mother's soul.
The cost has reached more than 40 lakh,” said Kong Lakyntiew Lyngdoh. She also expressed her gratitude to the family members and children who have helped to fulfill this wish. Mr. Swell.
We are sad to inform you that Ma Yiang Suting, father of Ma Thombor Shiwat, has passed away. Moorathud resident of Moorathud village passed away on 20/07/2
Shillong, March 05: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday alleged that many trucks continue to drive illegally without vehicle number plates and GPS tags to transport coal.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 24: Expressing concern over the increasing power outages in the district and the lack of proper delivery of bill lights to some areas, the leaders of the four electricity supply units in the district today The Chief Executive Officer of MPDCL, Western Circle, Bah EL Chalam, has left for Umiam, Ri Bhoi District.
He said he is sorry to see what has happened in the media and requests the HNLC that until now he has never worked in vain, he is still working in his own name and he has done anything in his own name. Bor lajong, of course, the relationship between buying and selling is the same, but all the Dkhars know that, but to say that to sell names is not true.
The group was led by the President of the PDF, Bah Kyntiew Nongsiej and the President of the Zonal Committee, Bah Kyntiew Nongsiej. They were welcomed by Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar at a meeting held at the UDP office in Mawkyrwat in the presence of UDP leaders from the President, Shaiñkor Nongsiej and other elders.
She then went on to further her studies and completed her PG Medicine.
Replying to a question, Himanta said that out of these 12 border areas, there will also be those in which the Indian government will have to participate, as the border clearance will be the responsibility of the Indian government. Act of Parliament.
Don't be jealous or jealous of others so that you will become evil and famous in the world.
She said the incident happened at B Phainom village in Kangpokpi district on 4th June.
On the other hand, TUR said that it will support the candidates who pass the Gram Sevak examination.
Since 1948 AD it has been 75 years.
On the part of the Chairman of the meeting, he said that the purpose of the meeting was to discuss the issue of not allowing any Road Show or Car Rally. The MTD office, Shillong on the 10th of this month in the 15-Mawlai constituency for the upcoming election campaign.
The Supreme Court has authorized the state government to enact environmentally friendly coal mining laws and the JHTOA has urged the government to provide a mining plan and rules for new coal mining according to the Mining Act. underground so that the trade can go smoothly.
Therefore, the village requests that since the release of this news, any church or Seng Khasi, when they intend to bury or burn a person from the Laban Area, please provide their written names and names. The Rangbah Shnong or Secretary Shnong Law Sohtun can take the necessary action.
Hamas militants have warned various aircraft not to fly to Tel Aviv's Ben Gurion Airport, as they will fire missiles at the airport, which is also the airport. departure point for airlines from around the world in the area.
However, he said that if the rules are sufficient, they cannot prevent anyone from doing their business but if they find that the rules have been violated, they will act as permitted.
The tournament had to be postponed for a few days as the members of the Executive Committee of the Eastern Synod will hold a meeting at the Indoor Sports Hall, Chutwakhu on the 19th of this month.
Chyne said there were other issues that the MDCs had discussed today, including the traditional custom and others.
When asked, the HNLC leader said, “This shooting death of the former HNLC leader in Mawlai has happened two years ago and is still under the jurisdiction of the High Court of the state.
Paul said that besides the crowded classrooms, the equipment used in the college is also old, especially in the laboratory, which needs to be renovated according to the times. now.
However, it took longer to reach Mairang and it may have reached the point where they had to give birth on the way.
Those who are old and those who are mentally ill also have bad manners.
This confusion within the party came after the announcement of the election and perhaps because of the inability to conduct the election smoothly many members of the party strongly opposed and decided to form the JSU. -1The JSU under the leadership of Rikut N Parien has already announced the election for the new office bearers on the 13th but the Election Committee of 4 members has decided to remove the rights of the JSU. members to vote to elect office bearers by allowing only 20 or 30 members from different units.
District Sports OfficerEast Khasi Hills District.
He also denied that the Government has deployed many patrols on the roads and any trucks carrying coal illegally will be arrested and will be punished according to the rules of law.
In East Khasi Hills, 40 cases including 2 cases from Armed Forces and 38 cases from civilians, 5 cases in South Garo Hills, 8 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in South West Garo Hills. Two cases were reported from West Khasi Hills, one case from East Garo Hills and one case from Ri Bhoi District.
The Kur said that the students who are eligible for this award are those who have passed 80 percent or above in SSLC, HSSLC, 75 percent Graduate and Master Degree, MBBS, PhD and other higher education.
In this age of competition to pass well and to come forward, selfishness is something that should not exist among students.
The Mawmluh Cherra Cement Ltd (MCCL), the first cement factory in Meghalaya and the source of income for the people of Sohra area, has now stopped operating due to lack of food. too much horse kit.
In this parable, the first to repent is the brother who has confessed his sins to the world, while the brother is the last to repent.
It was found that besides the road, the Assam Electricity Authority has also built a water tank to provide drinking water to the people which has been implemented by the PHE department of Assam. it falls within Assam.
The award ceremony was organized by the Sports Department and was honored by the Minister of Sports, Zenith Sangma at a function held at the Secretariat.
If God had set only one day, there would have been no police, no lawyers, no judges on earth.
To understand this better let us turn to the State of Nagaland which does not have a border with Bangladesh but has a border with New Bangladesh as mentioned in the title of this article.
The National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) has also worked with foreign and domestic agencies to improve the skills and employment of nurses who have been trained abroad.
She also informed that any teams or players who wish to participate and for more information can call 9856709479 (Aibor Ranee), 8787325224 (Aibanker Kharbithai), (Shri Kiefer W Shullai), 7049234154 (Eranecles Syiem).
He admitted that there was a mistake but he should not spend time pointing fingers but to improve the game through the talks between the MSOA and the government.
Dr. Pakyntein hoped that the Government of India's desire to promote this method of medicine will be a blessing not only to the herbalists but especially to the sick in the future.
The government has sent an emergency notice 10 hours before the meeting of the Committee on Reservation Roster in the presence of all political party leaders.
Irani also announced that the Indian government has been able to support the garment industry by investing Rs 820 crore in the region to create jobs for the youth.
Speaking at the programme, Coming One urged the villagers to be clean as cleanliness is essential to avoid any diseases and invited the public to register for the scheme. MHIS, Medical Treatment Scheme worth T.5 lakh.
So she was forced to do whatever she wanted.
Group D: Railways, Bihar, Chandigarh, Rajasthan,  Assam, Himachal Pradesh.
Those who applied for tickets include Anthony Nongbri, a strong member of the party who was defeated in the last election, Neil Antonio War, MDC who left the Congress and another. u elder Bah N Majaw.
Sengbhalang leaders including Bah Rainbow Rony Jyrwa Chairman of UHM, Bah Markus Makri, Secretary of CORP, and others said that the reason for the temporary closure of the gate is on the basis of The NHAI authorities have not yet dismissed the manager who has been accused of behaving rudely, using rude words especially to the female employees, and dismissing without any reason the employees of the gate who are Khasi. .
“Ka seng urges the Nongmihkhmat and the government not to be biased.
The two arrested KSU members are Melajied Khongbuh, Publicity Secretary of KSU Jaiaw Circle and Laldin Nongkynrih, Member of KSU Mawkhar Circle.
Meghalaya managed to tied only 147 runs to lead Mizoram by 59 runs in the first innings.
He is from Karimganj, Assam.
The opposition MDCs from the Congress have demanded that the EC should allocate T.1 crore to each MDC from the central government. A fire broke out in a supermarket in Surat, Gujarat on Tuesday.
Speeches and explanations were also delivered by experts from government departments including Kong OC Nongbri from Social Welfare Department, who gave speeches and explanations on nutrition for the children of Mawshynrut Block. .
“Bah Adelbert said that as an MLA, during the session of the Legislative Assembly in November, 2022, I asked the Minister of Health and Family Welfare James Sangma how much they received. The answer has been received that the budget for the fight against Covid-19 has been T.76 crore.
“It is important to raise this issue and I am pleased that this time too this issue has been raised again because it is important to be firm on this and we need to ensure that the Government of India is to know that the people of Meghalaya do not understand Hindi,” said Dr Ampareen.
The government should not misuse this money".
Let's see what happens next.
They also strongly criticized all the 7 MLAs of Ri-Lum Jiñntia who have listened to the concerns of the youth until now, by fulfilling the promises they made during the elections. to work for the nation, but when they won and got to power they forgot about the problems of the people.
She said that breast milk protects the child from many diseases and it is necessary to educate the public about this.
But be careful and know that the attachments haven’t even started yet.
“The scheme for the construction of fish ponds should not be small, at least it should not be less than 10 acres of land and to select people who have real interest so that it will benefit them,” he said. said.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Laitumkhrah Pyllun today met with Bah Paul Lyngdoh on the issue of NOC to foreigners living in the area. they found that many foreign shops were opening.
A Division Bench of the Supreme Court comprising Justices JS Khehar and C Nagappan today issued a notice on the petition.
“If he doesn't do as he promised, what's the point of voting because voting is our free will and we can also vote for NOTA because we will waste it. Give us your vote, we can't stay at home,” said the people.
Shillong, June 28: Four political parties in East Jaintia Hills District have temporarily lifted the 48 hour curfew called on the 30th of this month. The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of India (PCI) will be held at the Presbyterian Church in Laitumkhrah, Shillong from the 30th of this month to the 4th of next month.
The Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) East Jaintia Hills District has reached the semi final to be held on Thursday at Deingchynrum Stadium of EJDSA. In the Under-17 category, Lotus Secondary School, Sham Sham Secondary School, Khliehriat HSS and Rymbai Government SS have entered the semi final. , KB Memorial SS and Step By Steps SS. In the Under-17 category, Sein Jait Tuber HSS, Rymbai Presbyterian SS, Seng Samla KJP Synod and Wapung HSS. The 2023 District Sports Officer, West Khasi Hills has reached the final where seven teams will prepare to compete for the title on Thursday at Mawkadiang Stadium, West Khasi Hills.
“As a starting point, the Society has appointed four officers in Motphran area,” said Bah Tariang. place in Shillong.
Those who attended the meeting were the Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads), Bah DM Pyngrope who was the chairman of the meeting, Bah Brialterius Nongbsaw, Village Minister of Mawksiar, welcome speech by Bah SI Laso. Banjoplang Shylla, Assistant Executive Engineer, PWD (Roads) Mawkyrwat Division and a welcome speech by Bah Banjoplang Shylla.
This ritual has been suspended for many years, but until 2010 under the leadership of the Daloi Elaka Nangbah Rgh, RM Garod and with the leadership of the Langdoh Niam of Raij Mukhla and the Langdoh Niam of Raij Nangbah it was revived. This ceremony was held at the Tahdlaskeiñ River.
According to the Rangbah Dong of Block-E, Bah T.Kharkongor, more than 150 refugees have arrived in Them Basuk, Shillong since Friday and Thursday. They have been temporarily sheltered from their relatives who have fled to Meghalaya.
Regarding the charges against Taro, Nijanduh Phawa said that six (6) children were ill and three of these children ran away from her house.
Shillong: Twenty-one people have died of covid-19 in Shillong today.
“Noting that the roster needs to monitor the implementation of the reservation policy as required by law, TMC Meghalaya said that while the roster is being implemented, the party wants all stakeholders to agree.
““There is no difference between this scheme and the distribution of money to poor families before the elections to buy votes but it is only a difference in time.
The truck, which was heading from Guwahati to Shillong, collided with the Rangbah until he died on the spot. .
The head of the Census Department said that the release of the census according to the number of people in religious beliefs will take time and at least it can be completed next year.
Even in the Constitution of India there is no special Article or Schedule to look after only the development of the rural areas, but most of them are only in the urban areas.
Therefore, gradual changes are needed to allow others who have strong elders to demonstrate their management skills.
This was announced by the President of MEPA, Bah RM Shabong.
This year, the list of farmers has been typed or printed by machine, while in the following year, from 2020 to 2021, there are about 1200 farmers who have been allocated to the list. 12000/- per farmer.
At the meeting, Dr. Dokatchi Ch.
These Beinbsah also gave birth to children every day to establish a kingdom.
After calculating the 1% wastage norms (0.5% for blending and 0.5% for racking), it is estimated that these bottling plants will produce about 90,96,457.00 cases of IMFL. They said that they produced only 87,17,511 cases of IMFL and this shows that there is a shortage of production of 3,78,946.00 cases.
The meeting was conducted by Pynshai Joel Dkhar, Joint Secretary, HSPDP Youth Wing Central Body.
The school was opened in collaboration with the HYC-Moojem Unit on 5th June,
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Saturday said that the state government and the Prime Minister do not agree with the decision of the Supreme Court on the decision to suspend the tih order. coal in the state.
The decisions of this meeting were distributed to the members on July 28, 2023," the statement added.
Speaking at a public awareness program on the rights of children and women at St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Bah Warjri said that many children do not get their rights.
Dr. GV Basaravaja, National IAP President 2024, said that this is a campaign, saying, “Our main mission at IAP is to empower the community around us. to provide accurate and comprehensive information on child health.
We see that there is an attempt to mislead the VPP so that it cannot spread to other parts of the state because the party has stirred up the world of smokers, corruption and corruption. .
This came after Anhelina Kalinina rested during the second set of the tournament.
There are 160 cases in East Khasi Hills, 116 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in West Khasi Hills, 3 cases in Ribhoi, 30 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 3 cases in North Garo. Hills 4 people.
It is true that there should be comments because sometimes comments make a person a means of learning to grow, but when there are too many comments, they become enemies and destroyers.
According to the report, MeECL has not issued any notice as the power outage is temporary.
From history we have heard about the division and administration of the French Government, but now we see clearly the Government's division of schools/colleges.
At present, the Election Department of Meghalaya is preparing for the elections, the training of the officers to conduct the polling stations is ongoing.
The District Magistrate said that the office of the Deputy Commissioner together with the relevant departments has held a meeting on 8th November 2021 and decided that the Jowai Municipal Board will dispose of the waste from Jowai at a private place. at Mookabeng's house.
In October this year, the Joint Group of Customs (JGC) decided to conduct four trials, which will be completed in the next six months. , is to find a new route between Tamabil and Chittagong.
He said that the District Committee on Boundary Dispute has decided to strengthen its efforts to investigate the border of Meghalaya through witnesses and through the ability of the state. They don't want the land of Meghalaya to go to Assam and that Assam should not occupy the land of Meghalaya, even if it is only 10 inches.
US scientists have discovered a protein that can cover the head of a synlen or men lyngkhung and now scientists have been able to achieve it by trying They used the newly discovered protein in mice to remove the adrenal glands, which contain in the fields.
At least 50 doctors have died of the coronavirus in Italy.
“The Government of India has provided 90% assistance to the North Eastern States including the education department,” said MM Palam. In the states, the central government provides only 75%.
Now, because of the poverty in Meghalaya, and especially after the Covid-19 pandemic, many children have dropped out of school.
“The Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, has called me to talk to me and said that the people of Sohra should do something to welcome tourists, because Mawlynnong can destroy the I'm sorry," said Bah Chyne.
Speaking to media, Bah Ryntathiang said that according to the explanation from the Office of the Hima Mylliem, there is no law prohibiting the members or leaders of the Sengbhalang from becoming the Rangbah Shnong within any village.
He concluded that if we want our country and nation to rise once again, to develop in all aspects, we must go back to the past.
After his election, the MDCs of the PDF congratulated him for his dedication for the good of the Council by leaving the post of EM to go to the vacant post of Dy.Chairman. They also congratulated him for his willingness to take over the post which all the EMs have rejected.
He said that this is due to the hard work of Wailadmiki Shylla MLA Jowai who has taken the initiative to bring about the development of Jowai Constituency.
in/covid and until now there are many people who have understood and have registered themselves on this website and the Medical Surveillance Committee will be able to monitor and also explain according to the rules that they should do after have entered the state from foreign states or countries.
At present, the survey is underway for the lower part of the bridge to build a new bridge and to run the road from the new bridge to the Industrial Estate and then to the Umiam Police Bridge. Bad station Fire Brigade.
The meeting was attended by R Nainamalai, Chairman, Dr. GH Chyrmang and Nandan Mall, Founder and CEO of Hulladek Recycling.
This is the second time the competition has been held.
He has also served as Assistant Chief of Air Staff (Training) at Air Headquarters and Air Defense Commander at Headquarters Eastern Air Command.
The Hima has confirmed that it has issued a letter to them not to act as Rangbah Shnong because they do not have the right to act as Rangbah Shnong within the land of our jaidbynriew.
He also promised to strengthen the Village Administration Act, Raid Dorbars, Hima Dorbars and Elaka by introducing the Village Administration Act which includes the Village Administration Act and includes laws to improve the Village Administration Act. The Trading by Non Tribal Regulation Act, 1954 and the Benami Transaction Prohibition Act, 1954 to promote the trade of indigenous peoples. Country.
Shillong, July 07: The Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS) will hold the Meghalaya Icon IV at Khliehriat, Jowai, Ri Bhoi District, Williamnagar. , Mawkyrwat and East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
It has a natural resource, the beauty of the hills, rivers, trees, flowers and the cleanliness of nature are the things that God has blessed this state with.
If the people don't understand the importance of cleanliness only inside the home, does it bring health if we forget to clean outside?
Meghalaya is in the same group with Uttar Pradesh and Arunachal Pradesh.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on the 17th of this month, said that no information has been received on any incident in Shallang.
On the other hand, the Government will have to amend Schedule 5 to include any languages ​​that will become part of the languages ​​in Schedule
The threat to us in Meghalaya has come because our MLAs have started criticizing the platform canvas election from other political parties to others. These national parties are the same in our state and what will happen to us in these kinds of elections.
Before opening the competition, the Chief Guest gave a speech by urging and encouraging the youth to work hard.
Shillong: Meghalaya Police have arrested the owner of a coal mine at Ksan village in East Jaintia Hills, near the Lytein River.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Director of Arts and Culture, Kong Matsiewdor War, said that the highest monthly income of the Museum is 11,000 while the lowest is 2,0 .
The saying goes “prevention is better than cure".
The lack of action by the Forest Department to curb the illegal immigrants in Mahadev Khola has threatened the minority community and also the peace and order, due to the illegal infiltration of foreigners in this area. which has also turned this place into a den of drug addicts and robbers.
It is planned to complete the survey by the end of this year.
In Meghalaya, there are more than 100 voters over 100 years of age and more than 7,000 voters who are over 100 years old.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday led a delegation to visit the families of the victims of the shooting death by the Assam Police in Mukroh village.
Members and leaders of FKJGP Nartiang area unit on Thursday donated PPE to Nartiang PHC and at the same time completed the COVID-19 vaccination campaign.
This action of MeECL has put at risk the future of employment of the youth of the state.
Boys to 21-19, 21-17.
If Mohan Bhagwat says that all the inhabitants of the country were Hindus, why did hundreds of people in Chattishgarh, Madhya convert to Hinduism? Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, Odisha and others and even in Assam.
The Congress party's defeat came after 12 Congress MLAs refused to approve the appointment of the President by the High Command of the All India Congress Committee (AICC). of Mr. Vincent H. Pala.
The woman was found dead at her home, where her husband, Bah Trophius Nongbri, admitted that his wife had taken her own life by shooting herself. floor.
He said that government departments do not issue announcements to the media, where they do not implement the Information, Education and Communication (IEC) policy of the Government of India.
When asked what will happen to the Delimitation Bill of KHADC, the government newspaper said that the KHADC will have to amend some parts of the Delimitation Bill, “The KHADC will first set up a Delimitation Committee as directed by the Governor,” the government said in a statement.
This great achievement was awarded by a group of experts who recognized the performance of the SLDCs and their hard work and efficiency in the field of electricity.
When it came to this morning, even if the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Kha had 20 children each, nothing would happen.
“The strike will be held peacefully without disrupting the electricity supply.
Supreme Court Advocate Amit Kumar is the advocate for the KHADC in Delhi.
Speaking to reporters, Ms War said that the allegation of these six persons is only to insult her and is unfounded. She returned to Shillong from 12th June and lodged a complaint against her until 2nd July.
Therefore, regarding these acts of violence by the Chancellor of USTM, M.Hogue, the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong Baridua, request the district authorities and the police of Ri Bhoi, to conduct an investigation and also The Chancellor should not be allowed to move as he pleases and especially to move from one state to another, because this movement of his, affects the feelings of the people, especially the Assam has the highest number of cases of COVID-1
Before the UDP held its CEC on the 15th of this month, Ardent had announced that he would end the crisis within the ARPA. After the CEC, the UDP has decided to allow Bah Ardent to continue as CEM, but has set rules for him. Ardent has announced that he will continue as CEM but will not accept the rules set by the UDP. ARPA, as stated by Bah Ardent, has ended today or will continue to fight again, because he does not accept the rules of the UDP. ARPA, on the resignation of UDP MDCs which has caused confusion within the synrop.
“Noting that the people of the state still trust the Congress, the Congress leader said that in the MP elections, they are still confident that the party will still get the support because the wind will blow. of the Congress is still in power.
The village also thanks the Police, the OC Incharge of 8 Mer Outpost, Ummulong Outpost, the SP West Jaintia Hills and the Crime Scene Unit from Shillong for arriving at the scene. The body of the victim was found dead in Sahpsa, according to a statement from W/H Standbyme Sari, General Secretary of the Dorbar Chnong Mukhla Nongrim.
The Dorbar Shnong of Loompyrdi Iongpiah, a village in the middle of Jowai, has donated money to the Government of India through the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund (PMNRF) and also to the Chief Minister. Minister of Relief Fund for COVID-19 of the State Government.
The meeting was also attended by Rangbah Shnong, leaders from various villages, youth organizations and religious organizations.
On the 28th there will be a Puja of the Raid which is a ritual of thanksgiving to God the Creator, which will start at 4 pm at Ñiangpyrhai Kongthong Square, while on the 29th there will be a Puja. June 2023, there will be a Golden and Silver Dance of the Rangkynsai and the New Girls, which will be held at Dah Ksang Kongthong Square from 11am to 5pm.
“I have requested them to wait until we can bring it into the House and there is a difference between the Judicial Inquiry Commission and the Inquiry Committee, where the Commission will have to follow the rules”.
They also noted that the issue of drugs is no longer limited to the family but requires the cooperation of all with the aim of educating and raising awareness about treatment options.
It is also necessary to blame that corruption has now entered everyone's life and we don't need to blame or blame only others and if the people really understand that corruption affects the society. It is time for them to think twice before taking responsibility but they should think that this task requires rat dyngkhong first themselves and then see. to others.
The strike started on the 6th and the JHTOA has decided to strike indefinitely until it receives the demand to implement the new price of T.7 per metric tonne per kilo. meters.
In the first match, Lumbhahdakha beat Moodop Royal 3-0
During the meeting with these village leaders, the MLA Jirang, allowed these village leaders and elders, to explain the problems they face and find, before the settlement in the area and to will be in the coming months.
On the other hand, the SP of WJH said that the search operation will continue by the WJH Police together with the Magistrates, officials from the DMR and the Transport Department.
But when they have reached a place where they have to work hard and get free, their souls will be troubled, because these are not people who are willing to work hard, and who have lived free once. When they are no longer in their own country and nation, they have to face terrible hardships and sufferings and this is where wealth shows that it has deceived them.
Please call 8415954995,
These tickets were launched by Ma HL Giri Lyngdoh, Chairman School Management Committee at a short meeting attended by the teachers of the school.
“Recently on the 13th of last month we met again with the Chief Officers of the Education Department to find out about the progress of the work.
Therefore, the time has come for the Central Government to turn its attention to this region which has been neglected so much that it will become a source of strength and support for the country as a whole.
He enlisted in the army and as a brave, strong young man was selected as one of the leaders of the regiment.
He said that HANM strongly opposes the statement of the former Governor against the KSU as the KSU has never done anything against India.
However, we have not yet received any reply from the ADCs. Therefore, we are still waiting for a reply from them,” he added.
Last month, Kichcha Sudeep spoke at a press conference alongside Bommai and announced his support for him in the election.
However, the leaders of these three parties, after meeting with the DC and the Heads of NHAI, Shillong, went to Pahammawlein 20Mer, not to stop the collection at the Toll Gate Plaza, but to held a public meeting at Madan Shnong Pahammawlein, to explain to the public the position of the Ri Bhoi District Authorities and NHAI officials, that the payment of compensation to the land owners has been completed, but they are still waiting. only some compensation for crop damage.
The State Government has fixed a meeting with the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on November 7, 2023 to discuss the pending issue of resettlement of the residents. They moved from Sweepers' Colony to another place.
The union went to check the documents and found that many foreigners did not have proper documents.
In West Garo Hills, there are 69 cases.
The CEM said that in the letter, they should also state the grounds on which the Councils have to express their opposition to the proposed implementation of the UCC and how the Act will affect the customs and traditions. natural if it gets to work.
“This is public money and we are not saying that they should not take it but they should not be deceived by any party.
On the TMC's politicization of the COVID-19 issue, Dr. War said, “They (TMC) are trying to politicize this issue, they are trying to undermine me as a Director and they are trying to undermine me. Other leaders contesting this election such as Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, who was one of the few people who came forward to ask for assistance from the DHS at a time when the whole state was still in turmoil. stricken with a plague.
On this occasion, he also met with the MDCs of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) and during this meeting he paid tribute to them for being the protectors and preservation of the customs and traditions of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). Garo people.
When asked about the preparedness for COVID-19 in the district, Bah FM Dopth said that there are two checkpoints at Ratacherra and Umkiang.
When asked, if the HSPDP does not refuse to replace Ardent and if the UDP stands firm that it does not support Ardent, who else besides him will the HSPDP? “I am not in a hurry to say that, we will have to talk inside the house, we will say later what is necessary,” said Witting. ".
Modi also launched a program to increase the number of Jan Aushadhi Kendras in the country from 10,000 to 25,0
He said that we will look for talented athletes so that we can provide them with proper training from an early age so that we can produce those Olympic athletes to lead the country.
In JHADC, there are 408 Polling Stations, 334 Polling Stations and 64 Polling Stations.
Nongpoh, June 15: The KSU and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung on Friday met with the DC of Ri Bhoi and the SP of Ri Bhoi, regarding the to talk about the arrest of 3 Khasi youths from Sabuda village by the Assam Police.
At the same time, he urged the unity of the people to bring a glorious victory for the UDP to hold the seat in
The Minister of Rural Development, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today promised to the leaders of FKJGP Mawlai that the government will implement the Mawlai Block which will be separated from Mylliem before the 2018 elections.
In this shad they shall hold their hands.
The Seng demands that the State Government should close down the border with the State, especially when the Meghalaya Chief Ministers who are outside the State have arrived.
From children to the elderly, they have seen the illegal coal trade on the roads because the trucks are driving without any permission and trust the law enforcement agencies.
However, if we take it as a group, this will not happen,” said the former Minister of Home Affairs.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has announced that the preparations for the National Futsal League have started.
Mawkyrwat, June 10: The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Nongjri Zonal Committee (UDP) Ranikor Constituency today held a A public meeting was held at Nonghyllam Village, South West Khasi Hills District to honor Bah Pius Marweiñ on his re-election as MLA of Ranikor Constituency and on his election as EM of Elika. Speaking as the guest of honour, Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA Ranikor Constituency, first of all expressed his special congratulations to all the participants. They are the supporters and office bearers of the UDP party from Ranikor Constituency who have won the MLA Election
The meeting was conducted by Barnes Shylla and speeches were delivered by the President of the Seiñ Kur, Pyrkhat Shylla.
They demanded that the Meghalaya government should not allow the implementation of the Aadhar Act to violate the privacy of a person, as the verification has already been implemented. ID Card, Ration Card and others.
“We were afraid that we would lose our participation, but with the help of the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Bah Jasong Mawlong MLA Umsning, the Ministry of Sports, Vijay Kumar and especially the Prime Minister, we are happy and hopeful. I am confident that our children will bring fame and glory to the state as a whole,” said Bah Angelus Sun.
Thus, the spread of this good habit begins with the beloved Rympei of my mother and remains until the future of our humanity. .
Through this meeting, the political parties, civil society and NGOs within the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council have discussed not only the issues of border demarcation, but also the issues of They have also set up a Border Protection Vigilance Committee to look into the border issues such as Khanduli, Block I and Block II. According to the meeting held on Saturday at Diphu, they also took a special decision that the boundary demarcation should be done according to the Notification of They will not accept the land if they do not accept it according to the Notification of
It is worth mentioning that in the past few days, there has been another stir in the state, on the issue of mining uranium from Meghalaya, after the issue was raised again in Parliament.
He alleged that the robbers used weapons such as knives, knives, bird shooting knives and other weapons when they went to attack the farmers of Thyllaw.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) Central Body has demanded the immediate suspension of the construction of the Battalion Outpost of the Assam Police at Pom Dkhar. District.
The water supplied by the PHE department in our village has not been able to provide enough water.
During the hearing on Tuesday, the Chief Secretary sent a directive to the Chief Secretary that although there has been a call for the non-call of the committee, it will be taken with all the members. will not be taken into consideration to bring about better performance by removing all the weaknesses in the health system.
“To compare this incident with the collapse of the dome of the Iing Dorbar is not appropriate,” he said.
The KSU said that there are several shops which take advantage of the sale of goods especially food items which is an illegal activity.
In connection with this order, all liquor shops including IMFL shops/bars/hotels/CA bars/CS shops/canteens and square shops will be closed on that day.
This assistance to the associations in the districts has greatly contributed to the development of the teams, those who have come forward through the participation of the associations, from the 19 clubs at the beginning of the Meghalaya State Tournament. League in 2017-2018, and this year to 25 clubs.
The program was attended by Madam JU Kharpuri who was the chief guest and Samla Ruben Najiar General Secretary Sengkmie, Samla Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew President KSU Mawryngkneng Circle, Samla Pynshai Dkhar President KSU Mawryngkneng Circle. , Samla Ohibait Dkhar President JHDU, Samla Leningrad Tariang Organizing Secretary JHDU, Samla Morningstar Pasi Assistant Publicity Secretary JHDU and Bah Lasting Lamin Gadew.
Treiborlang Suchen said that the JSU expresses its gratitude to the Minister for his personal inspection and has seen with his own eyes the situation. a hidden treasure' and he hopes in the coming days it will soon be operational.
He expressed his understanding of the meaning of the mother tongue, saying that it should be the unique origin of any nation.
When asked about their age, the HNLC Ksiang said that these three persons are about 40 years old.
The Chief Minister made this announcement at a meeting with the leaders of the Joint Action Committee set up to investigate the murder of Akoijam Nonganba (40).
In a statement sent by Bah Active Pator, President of RBYF Western Zone, he said that the people of the area have expressed their special thanks to the MDC for providing solar light to these villages. , has helped the people in these villages.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, told reporters that the state government has already accepted the terms and conditions for signing the agreement with the ADB. aid.
The people of the coal mining areas can no longer tolerate the delay of the Government of Meghalaya in regulating the mining and transportation of coal.
Johnson, 56, and Symonds, 33, have already sent invitation cards to their loved ones for the 10-year-and-two-month wedding. on November 30, 2022, according to The Sun.
The letter was sent to Tennydard on the 22nd of this month and the same letter was sent to Dr. Julina LR. Marak, Sha u Willing M Sangma General Secretary of Wageasi Area Manda Mahari Association.
Punjab, who won the toss, allowed Meghalaya to tied first and managed to restrict the score to 106 runs for the loss of nine wickets in all 50 overs.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Gavin M.Mylliem said, “To get the right decision we will have to ask them (Bah Hamletson and Bah Jason).
They watched for a while and suddenly it shone about 4 times.
The ASHA workers have decided to continue their strike by sitting in front of the Secretariat from the 27th of this month against the Government's decision to increase the salary to T.
Within 10 am, it was clear who won and who lost and how many seats the parties will get.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah was speaking on the inspection of the work of the ISBT which shortly after its opening, it was found that many rooms have been destroyed and the house has been flooded.
On the part of O.Pasi Asst.IGP, as the Chief Guest, he praised the hard work of all those involved in finding out about the Susngi clan and said that this is very valuable. it is necessary to know the origin of the tribe.
We don't want cows to come from West Bengal and we don't want to have cow meat in those places where cows have been worshipped, but I don't say that those who used to eat cows should eat cows. I'm going to leave you alone,” said Sarma.
He recalled that in 1994 there was only one Khasi youth who was included in the Top 10 General List and the party started to award this award to this youth and in 2005 it was empowered to branches and units to be established in their areas of operation.
The meeting was conducted by Habandajop Lyngdoh who was one of the trainers and speeches were also delivered by the Waheh Chnong of Moosakhia, Ribiang Paksang and Realsing Muksor.
It can be said that there have been many markets in some different villages and which have been famous since the time of the British rule, but the market in Nongkseh Upper Shillong has been the most famous. proud in which the heritage of the ancients has continued to be preserved and preserved until today for the benefit of this heritage.
Speaking to media, Bah Lapang said, “Under the leadership of Rahul, he is a person who doesn't have the right mindset, he is still only a leader of the Trade Unions, to be like a trade union leader. “The leader to become the Prime Minister of the country must be full of strength, full of language, but Rahul is still a young boy and he spreads words”.
The incident occurred after the counting of MLA votes and the incident may have been caused by the defeat of the candidates they supported in this election. cause trouble in the city.
On the other hand, the Pa'iem said that the people themselves should understand that agriculture is the most important industry as most of the residents of the State are farmers.
There were four women, who disrupted the raid and the police, took the spirits away.
Jowai, June 19: The Dorbar Shnong of Amlarem Sub-Division, which is also a tourist attraction, will hold a curfew on the 21st and 22nd of this month.
About 15 coaches of the train, collided with the freight train and this caused, which resulted in the death of many people, in the incident.
Regarding the incident on 12th June 2024 at 4 pm, a meeting was held at the office of SDO (Civil) Amalarem chaired by Dr Abhishek Saini, IAS at SDPO Amalarem Sub-Division, Dr Seiboklang Buam, SHO PS-Muktapur and BSF Chiefs. During the meeting, the issue discussed (on the allegations against the BSF) was announced. incident, peace has been spoken.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has announced that it will use volunteers to look after the needs of the upcoming Baby League tournament in the state. want to apply for this job.
The chief guest at the celebration was the MLA of the area who is also the Minister of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui.
In addition, the law protects our vote by having a law known as a secret ballot.
These Chief Officers of Ri Bhoi District also said that the main issues that as the district administration they want to work together is to curb the impact of drugs, alcohol and violence against women. children and other crimes that affect society.
He said he is the National Spokesperson of the Opposition which has the highest number of votes in Parliament.
She said that the union has seen that the PWD department does not believe in the deterioration of the roads in the state which has angered the people, disrupted traffic and put them at risk.
“When we understood that it was a threat to life and property, the BSF troops fired four shots into the air.
The fire was extinguished with the assistance of the Navy and Air Force, but the smoke from the landfill continues today.
Dr. R Phawa, who visited Jowai Shillong today, strongly criticized the government and the leaders for failing to build or maintain the Mookyndur-Puriang highway and the Jowai Bypass (which passes through Khliehtyrshi). and Mihmyntdu).
On our own land we can set up factories, jobs, we can hold our own income and self-government, but if we don't have only one piece of land, we don't have anything.
These garbage is mostly collected by people from the villages near the pond who collect plastic bottles and other items that fall on the surface of the water.
This was a bad day for Bah Sawkmie and now, his value in front of the PDF, has declined within two months.
“At present, it is said that the situation has put pressure on the authorities as they have not been able to meet with the residents due to the severity of the floods.
At this meeting, there was a suggestion from the people to the authorities of Mylliem Hima on how to reduce the overcrowding in the market due to the overcrowding of market vendors and on this Minister Langstieh said that he will soon arrange for it. in collaboration with the Town Dorbar of Umsning.
According to Minister Kharlukhi, there are many foreign daju who will receive the daju uniform besides these 250 daju. On the other hand, he said that the Khasi daju are still there and if they are still there, they should register at the Hima office to get their clothes.
Speaking at a meeting held at Bishop Hall Nongstoiñ, Bah Ardent said, “As the VPP party, we have no intention of taking advantage of any party, but as the VPP party, we have no intention of taking advantage of any party. The party has strong foundations and in fact we don't want to put candidates in the remote areas of the city and we don't want to give tickets without any reason.
He said that the handshake of various candidates including the incumbent MLA against the NPP candidate is because they are afraid.
According to Bah Mawphniang, the PHE authorities have promised to release the money before Christmas but till now the casual workers have not received even their salaries for the months of April and November.
In a statement, MSSASA Publicity Secretary Tlanwosly Jahrin said that the decision was taken by the Executive Members and Executive Members of all the Districts and Block Units of MSSASA from all over the State. The General Executive Meeting of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (SASA) Sengkmie was held on the 8th of this month at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar Shillong.
Who can cover up the loss that has been incurred for more than six months? Is the government willing to come forward and say that it will cover all the costs? We know that she doesn't have and doesn't have the money to do that.
After the end of the rally, the President of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep, Dr. Werlok Kharshiing, said that if the government continues to act after this, they will announce their first strike. by other means of protest.
President Ramnath Kovind has sworn in the newly appointed Ministers.
This is a 'violation of the rights of the people', and who will take responsibility for this.
He was speaking in response to the sudden attack by Hamas militants on Israel on the 7th of this month which killed about 1,400 people.
The Flag Code of India, 2002 was amended by the Act dated November 30,
On the other hand, Ri Bhoi United will bring in all the players of the Indian Super League, as well as the players who will take part in the Santosh Trophy.
He said that they will not be able to send school children to Nongstoin or Shillong.
North Liberty Higher Secondary School won the Best Athlete title in five categories including Khrawborlang Lyngdoh in the Under-14 Boys, Damitre Kynjing in the Under-16 Boys and Under-16 Girls. Sajemiki Shylla won the Under-18 Boys category and Speromeliora Langstang won the Under-18 Girls category.
After that, they will hold a public meeting at the ground floor of Bah HDR Lyngdoh's house in Sohiong at 1:30 pm to announce the name of Bah Synshar Lyngdoh, who is the brother-in-law of Bah HDR as the UDP candidate. He said that the announcement will be made by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as President along with the MLAs and MDCs of the UDP. the people want change.
They also decided to close down all the stocks of his agricultural products and confiscate all the property or land of Bah Donbok Shadap if he cannot pay the rights of the farmers. .
In fact, there is no thought from the WKH Police Department or the Head of the Hospital to set up this police station at this hospital but after seeing some tragic incidents and After this, we have had a discussion with the office of the SP of WKH, and we have decided to put away this. police booth at this hospital,” said Bah Mawlein.
“Bishop Ferrando of Shillong has telephoned Fr. Bianchi who is in Italy and asked him to meet Fr. Pio (the Father who received the blessings of the Lord Jesus Christ) to ask him. you shouldn't.
At the same time, it demanded that all those involved in this crime should be punished without any discrimination.
The accident happened on the 30th at 1:20 pm when the truck number NL-01-AH-6744 driven by Sending Siangshai, was heading towards the road. The truck (AS-01-FC-9261) was driven by Md Dulal Uddinkit.
“Dr Azad said that the NRC has not accepted the documents submitted by the women of Meghalaya who were born in Assam.
The child was sent back after seven days and found to be well.
It is also on these strong foundations and traditions that our ancestors have established the customs and traditions of the Constitution.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills is a country which is famous all over the world for its beauty which can impress everyone whether it is the beauty of the hills and rivers. neither the sky is clean, nor the air is clean.
He joined the HSPDP and won the MDC election in 2009 from the party and won again in the MDC election in 2014 and is still in office. .
Meanwhile, Bah RS Syiem encouraged the students to work hard so that they can achieve success in their studies.
Remembering Jaswant, Defense Minister Rajnath Singh said he was one of the most capable ministers and leaders.
He said that in the blocks where there is no bank or only one bank, the problem has increased as it is more difficult to complete the work especially to link the Aadhaar with the bank.
“We have had talks with these MLAs and they have said that if they want Meghalaya to develop in all aspects especially in development, only the BJP can do it,” he said. state.
“We started this program last year and we are still seeing only a few improvements in cleanliness,” he said.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the Rangbah Shnong of Panaliar said that initially after hearing the news that the government had planned to move the hospital to Ialong. , as the village authority, they went to meet with the Superintendent of Health Department and they said that during the meeting she promised them that the necessary departments such as the maternity hospital, the The Civil Hospital, Jowai has gradually moved all the necessary departments to Ialong and only the morgue, Blood Bank and the Blood Bank have been moved to Ialong. T B Clinic , “Panaliar is not a village to collect the bodies of the bodies who don't have a morgue,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Panaliar. health by saying that they have ignored the discussions with the village.
After this, a meeting was held and a speech was delivered by Kong Syiem, who congratulated the DSO office for taking the responsibility to organize this game every year for the school children so that they can express themselves. the world is full of clothes.
He said that the corruption in the Kam Pohing department is unprecedented in the history of Meghalaya.
The Seiñ Raij Chnong Sabah Muswang today held a Chad Sukara at the village square in which thousands of people came to take part.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The RNYF has strongly opposed the proposal of the Assam Rifle to purchase land at Lawbyrwa in Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, Moina Singh Phyllut, who is also the BJP leader, said that they will not agree, but will respect the court.
Not only that, the MLA also handed over tins of household items to 200 households along with assistance through equipment, seeds and other items to develop strawberry farmers in the area.
Konyak said that as soon as he learned of the incident, he rushed to the scene with his driver, brother-in-law and another neighbour. When they were standing in the shop, where they used to drink tea, the soldiers opened fire and it was reported that the three men were injured and one of them, who was a neighbour, was injured. He was shot dead and another civilian was shot dead.
Khliehriat, Nailar 1: Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturers Association, Thangskai in collaboration with Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS), Shillong Cooperative Bank, Khliehriat Branch and Canara Bank, Khliehriat Branch, have organized a two day festival on the 28th and 29th of November. “Be encouraged and don't change the future” are the themes of this program which encourage those who have lost hope and also through Various competitions will stimulate and strengthen the minds of the youth to build their future.
This was stated by a young woman named Tengrimchi Sangma, who published a post in the group “The All Garo Hills Times Now (Republic Report)”. “Garo Hills or VPP Party is not the source of corruption”.
Jowai, Naiwieng 10: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament 2023 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai has reached the semi final. This was announced at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
The total number of cases has now reached 24,4
“The inclusion of our language in the Baphra Schedule is our part to fulfill what God has started,” said Bah Paul.
The center has been closed since 2019 and this has discouraged many youths who want to continue their education at various levels.
Since Republic Day – that is, since 26.01.1950, the Khasi States have not become Jamindari – or Ri Kynti of the District Council or the Government of Assam.
Sangma has been the Chief Minister, many of the political parties especially the Khasi Student Union (KSU) have protested and the 40%-40% allocation to the two ethnic groups is that in Garo Hills there are fewer people. “It's better for them to leave for a while”.
“He also expressed his satisfaction that the Synropalang Group has set up an office in Mawlai to assist the people of East Khasi Hills District, as well as Mawlai.
He appealed to the people not to have any doubts, fears when Martin M. Danggo and his followers go to join the BJP because it is as if the people of Meghalaya themselves. “This fear is due to a lack of understanding of the working methods, as it was in the past when the Congress party came. Party", he said.
In the order, the bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice B Bhattacharjee expressed its regret that 'Despite the allocation of sufficient time to discuss the matter, there has been no reconciliation".
Look, once they win, no doubt the MLAs and the party that wins will not count people anymore or will not care about their own supporters but without doubt they will convince and encourage the supporters to join the party. they did not form a government.
They (JETS24x7) will earn money and we too will have peace and happiness if we have these two wheelers.
Members of HYC Mawlai together with members of FKJGP Mawlai gathered at the Soso Tham Auditorium and received speeches from the leaders of both the parties.
The goal of the project is to increase the life expectancy of the state's population from 62.7 years when the average life expectancy of people in the state is 72 years.
The body of the youth was found at 8.30 pm this morning by the searchers in the upper part of the village from a remote place about 20 or 30 meters away from the place where the body was found. woman.
In this regard, the JSM urges the students who are still missing classes to inform the JSM and JYF so that they can try to talk to other schools in Jaintia Hills, said Ribok Biam President of JSM. He urged the government to ask why the people of Jaintia Hills have been treated so badly compared to other districts.
Mann learned of the incident 40 days ago and took the decision after a thorough investigation.
Therefore, the Government of Nepal has been in talks with the Government of Israel to work together for the needs of these Nepalis who are still stranded in the country and also to repatriate them to Nepal on time. which is enough.
He also called for cooperation between the teachers and the government so that the various needs of the teachers and schools can be met.
I don't know why the sellers say that the price of rice is Rs 2000 tyngka from the city...I'm surprised...the price of rice is Rs 60 half liter...the government says I don't know if it's true or not, but I'm sure it's because the price of food is so high that we're poor and happy.
The survey was conducted by officials from the NSTDA, Urban Affairs, Revenue and Forest Departments.
These include 7 soldiers, 1 foreigner, 2 ILI cases, 2 policemen, 4 health workers, 11 high risk contacts, 2 cases from Anjalee, one from Barapathar, 3 from Laban, 3 from Laitumkhrah, 1 from Lamavilla, 1 from Lawsohtun, 4 from Madanrting, 1 from Mawlai, 1 from Mawkynroh, 1 from Nonglum, 1 from Mawpat, 1 from Mawpat. of Mawprem, 2 of Nongmensong, 2 of Rilbong and 1 of Rynjah.
“This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled” Matthew 24:3
All these MLAs who have been appointed as Parliamentary Secretaries have been appointed under the 2005 Act which has been passed by the High Court.
Only those who pass by understand the new shiah and how the disease is.
The AAP, which is the party of the people, stands on the basis of Natural Justice from the bottom of its heart,” he said.
He said that before this, there was no expenditure on the construction of sports grounds.
He said that he was carrying the lyntang from Mawiaban village in Nongstoin district to Damsite.
A spokesman for the Defense Ministry said a 51-mm mortar and a bomb were seized from the members of the group in Lilong.
He said that during the rainy season, the road is very heavy and when the sky is blue, the road is very heavy. They cannot walk anymore, nor can they drive other vehicles.
This training program will prepare these three students for the Civil Services (main) examination to be held in November this year so that they can reach their goal.
With the intention of throwing us into the Indian Ocean, in recent times, three flags of the BJP government from Delhi have appeared and this is the fourth time, it is no longer just a flag, but the law. , whether you like it or not, you shouldn't read Hindi.
Today, there are 19,906 cases in the country, which is also the highest number of cases in a single day.
According to the reporter, in the house of Bah Gilbil Syngkli, there were many animals which he had made by hand including Khla, Sing, Hati, Klew, Kyndat, Rabbit, skei, Kangaro and other animals and besides that he also makes traditional musical instruments such as the duitara which he used to spend his time singing and playing when he had time and relaxed from his work.
It may be recalled that in the MLA election 2018, Agatha Sangma was the winner of the constituency but she has resigned to allow the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma to contest the bye election from this constituency. Conrad has been appointed as the Prime Minister and has been appointed as the MP.
Kylian Mbappe's two goals helped Paris St-Germain (PSG) beat Lens to their first Ligue 1 win of the season. fresh.
They found a place where the forests were dense and suitable for farming.
Referring to Conrad Sangma's desire to make Meghalaya a state with a state income of Rs 10 billion, Manuel said that Conrad is following what Modi has done. Modi wants India's economy to reach 10 trillion.
Three people have been killed in the protest against the issuance of Permanent Residential Certificate (PRC) to non-Arunachal people known as Namsai. and Chananglad and these three persons have been shot since Tuesday night and the protest continues till this evening, the report said.
The union urges the district authorities especially the DC EJH office and the police to be vigilant in searching for people who intend to enter the state.
This has been looked into by experts based on the fact that pregnant women are at risk of becoming more severely ill from COVID-19 compared to non-pregnant women if they get it. pain.
He suggested the need to take into account the unemployed youth who stay at home.
Sanbor Shullai also urged Prahlad Singh Patel to urge the CM to expedite the release of Meghalaya's budget.
According to the CEM, the Council has received 60:40 shares from the state government from mining and vehicle taxes and 25:75 from coal.
The meeting discussed the role of the media in the Covid-19 pandemic and its impact on the media. .
the name is also meaningless.
Shillong: For the first time in the state, the NES NRL FuelCar has been inaugurated by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander. L Hek at 10 miles Jorabad, Ri Bhoi District, in the presence of petrol pump owner Shripal Jain and NRL employees. Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPC) has introduced a fuel car which can deliver petrol to the places where consumers want it without charging any delivery fee. .
According to this order, the Deputy Commissioner has ordered to demolish all the illegal coke factories in accordance with Order Memo No. NDG 304/2
There are those who have had to carry money just to provide food and drink for their families.
Referring to the presence of traders to contest elections, he said that in the past they were involved in political parties but now they are valued so much that the issue is about the power of money.
That is why Jesus said to them – “For had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed me: for he wrote of me.
Marak had met with DCA Minister Prestone Tynsong to explain the situation in GHADC but he could not meet with the Governor as he was in Assam.
Shillong: The District authorities of East Khasi Hills, together with the residents of Khyndai Lad and shopkeepers today cleaned up the area where there are many shops in Khyndai Lad.
Will the AYUSH department of the State Government open up the opportunity for our doctors? We know that NEHU and others have tried and researched on this issue, but we also need to see that the government departments will three together.
Here we have to remember that there was no decision to immediately destroy the wet process plant.
The Minister said that 316 out of 728 small villages have been provided with drinking water tanks through the implementation of the JJM scheme. The government has been able to provide drinking water to more than 1.14 lakh rural households through the Functional Household Tap Connection (FHTC) programme.
After that, it will search these villages, claiming that there are government departments of Assam to verify that they fall within the border of Assam, he said.
The reason for the temporary suspension and expulsion of these employees is because they were involved in conspiracy with the seven escapees, said the prison authorities.
NCSK member Jagadish Hireman said that at present only T.3000 per month has been paid to these road workers but today the government has been ordered to pay T.10,5
Speaking on the occasion, the elders of Byrnihat area, expressed their gratitude to the MLA for the hard work of the MLA, who has fought for the allocation of funds for the construction and renovation of the Byrnihat area. This road, which is also the road used by the people of this area.
“That is why they don't want to challenge the central government when it comes to the ban on minerals.
When asked about the BJP state president's request to the government, Tynsong said, “We cannot reject the charges against Bernard, because what the police have taken is after they a lot of evidence has been obtained against him".
In fact, when it can borrow money for other jobs, it should also borrow money to pay the salaries and wages due from those who work in the teaching profession, those who work in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, employees of Boards or Corporations and so on.
The CEO said that all the Polling Stations have been equipped and monitored to ensure that there will be no violation of the Covid rules. Scanner and distance from each other.
“Their opportunity to play in this tournament will be a great help to the team,” he said.
Shillong: The Jaintia National Council, Khliehriat Circle, today visited an office in East Jaintia Hills, Shillong. After receiving complaints from many residents of the area that there are no employees in the office.
As can be understood, the turnout of thousands of people to the streets only once every three years shows that the money is working hard but otherwise, the people who earn their living in the morning and buy food at night will not be able to I don't want to waste my precious time but it's the price of rubber that the people don't want to leave their homes to listen to the views of the candidates. elections to the lympung and to celebrate in the streets without discrimination.
The meeting was attended by the DC, Additional Deputy Commissioner JU Kharpuri, SP West Jaintia Hills, SDPO Amlarem and others.
Speaking on the target of his government, Conad said that Meghalaya is one of the 10 states included in India.
Kharbani also congratulated the Voice of the People Party (VPP) for taking action on this issue and the MDA government for agreeing to set up an Expert Committee to revise the appointment quota. jam of the state which has been the same for 51 years.
Compared to the cultivation of rice in other states of India, the cultivation of rice in Assam is still very low.
The Tura Link, which is part of the Last Mile Connectivity Project, has now been able to address these issues.
“According to the experts, these pigs are only five months old and can give birth twice a year where each pig can give birth to 6 and 12 piglets per year.
“It is they who have shaped and made the Seng stand as it is today and it is through the KSU that many intelligent leaders and intellectuals have emerged in Ri Khasi and Jaintia.
Three people were shot dead and burnt alive by DNLA militants in Dima Hasao district of Assam on Friday night.
Nongbri Brothers FC also won a cash prize of 3 lakh tyngka along with a trophy.
Bamiyan is said to be a UNESCO World Heritage Site and home to many Buddha statues that have been destroyed by the Taliban over the years. 2000 ago.
Shillong: The Central Government has delayed the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. The KSU EJHDU today set up its own check post at Sonapyrdi.
Opening the workshop, the Director of Forensic Sciences explained the need to monitor crime scenes and the preservation of evidence.
“As I have said and always said, our friends have always joined us and have participated in the Regional Committees.
He said that if the government pressures the students too much, the time will come for them to put on their masks and carry weapons.
It is located in the United States.
Furthermore, the State Government has proposed to set up 18 Integrated Check Gates to monitor the movement of coal trucks.
The OC Blue SPL 2021-22 will end on the 24th of November with the final match between Langsning FC and Mawlai.
He said that the Meghalaya Police had to flee along with the people in the incident at Mukroh because they were sent to patrol the border without any proper orders and also for fear of being punished if they they do nothing to protect the public.
However, today their complaint was dismissed.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Director of C&RD A Kash Deep said that the incident in Shella Bholaganj has been caused by a complaint by the BDO since July this year against the JEs of the block.
In the tie breaker, Galaxy FC scored five goals while Banalari FC scored four goals and thus qualified for the quarter finals of the tournament. of the Tournament.
A reliable source from Narwan village said that the mother of the girl brought her to the hospital on the 20th of this month for treatment. A nurse from Sutnga village who works at the SHC has injected two thyrnia into the child and after 2 and 3 hours the child has become ill and has a fever. He passed away at about 3 pm on the 21st.
Still, some of the little boy's bones counted.
The mother had three scarves on her head but she had a smile on her face and her house was full of love.
I am pleased to see and find that the entrepreneurs in the state are physically and spiritually strong and even the pandemic has not discouraged them from reaching the destination.
With this announcement, 7 MLA/MDC candidates will be nominated if they do not resign before 1st March, 2015 to be nominated.
“An example is the progress of the PA Sangma Sports Complex which has completed the football stadium and will include an Integrated Indoor Sports Complex which will have a swimming pool, badminton, basketball and other sports. " he added.
On the other hand, Thapa said that the arrest of them was made because there was clear evidence of illegal activities according to a complaint filed by a woman who lives in Khyndai Lad.
The decision of the Farmers Committee to produce the second part of the film comes after the Farmers Committee has already produced the first part, which is a training on They have already uploaded it to the Youtube Channel of Bah SB Sban Khongjoh.
“We know that money is important, especially in Meghalaya.
If they give money, the world will end.
“There is a production house that has decided to release a new film in the state with the participation of Vidya Balan.
As usual every year, the Christian churches have come out to celebrate Christmas with a carol dance organized by various churches on the 25th November.
Shillong: The State Government is ready to resume trade with Bangladesh and on this occasion, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has said that it is ready to move forward in order to ensure the health of the people. of those involved in the preparation to conduct trade from various markets in the State.
“Yes, it's not like that... But you understand, two inheritances to hold Kali is not easy,” said Linda. “It's too late...” said Deisy. Linda began to cry.
It is also prohibited to hold any parties or public gatherings in these places.
And that is the nature of man to suffer, because the first Adam disobeyed God's law.
He said the meeting with him was in Kolkatta where they discussed many issues, but his sudden death is a great loss to the state. earth.
Finally, after meetings from time to time and during the meeting on that day, Bah Sanbor Shullai agreed to remove the names of these roads which belong to the non-tribals.
Speaking to media, the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek said that the special prayer will be held on Friday, 30th June. He urged all the people of the state to take part in this prayer from their homes regardless of their faith.
He said that in the past, the number of visitors was not less than 3,000 per day but now only 300 people do not arrive.
Shillong: Thieves have stolen a new Scooty belonging to Bah Arisbornson Manbha Nongkhlaw from Nongrimbah, Shillong, this morning.
To provide free of charge rice, wheat, dai and to include umphniang, sugar, milk at a reasonable price to all ration beneficiaries (PDS).
We understand that drugs are cheap and therefore, they can attract those who want to make money quickly without much effort.
Bah Toki said that the lack of good coaching centers funded by the government is one of the biggest obstacles for Khasi students, especially those from poor families, to The outcome of this panel discussion was the suggestion of all the speakers that the urgent need of the time is to set up a Coaching Center to provide special training through qualified resource persons. to provide training to the students of the state to prepare themselves in the best manner for various competitive examinations-UPSC, CLAT, CAT, JEE, Advanced JEE and so on. .
Antyodaya is our goal and the BJP wants to ensure that every citizen should benefit,” he said.
According to this law, if you are found guilty, you will be punished.
A wise government not only knows how to spend money and manage its affairs, but also knows how to generate money for the state or the country.
The snowstorm will be visible from all over India, except in the eastern parts of Arunachal Pradesh, where it will not be visible in the near future.
So far, the media has reported that eight people have died in the landslide, while NDTV, one of the local broadcasters in the country, has reported that at least 12 people have died in Meghalaya is the state of Meghalaya.
The meeting was held at about 10 o'clock.
He told his disciples that he would not leave them alone and that he would come back to them.
He did not implement this until
Whether that is just a desire to join hands with the opposition party known as the Indian National Development Inclusive Alliance (INDIA) or whether it has already been born, only time will tell.
He said that the school will operate from a temporary campus until they have received the full campus.
This is because there are no people or groups who look after, decide how to do this in order to create employment for the educated youth of Ri-Bhoi.
This decision was taken at a public meeting held at the residence of Bah Embhah in Mawlai that evening.
Shillong: The 4th U-14 Invitational Football Tournament will start on July 20 at Bakur Dawki Stadium, organized by Bakur Social Welfare Sports Club.
He said that the Principal Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya, Health and Family Welfare Department, has taken a decision without listening or allowing the accused (DHS-MI) to explain or explain. your side.
Another is the poverty that strikes the family and society.
“In 1998, when the ethnic armed groups were in power, the people were in fear. Those who went to the market and shops in the darkness hurried home because only two hours later, the police and the insurgents shot at them. “The Congress rule has been overthrown and peace has come,” he said.
There are 66 HSSLC examination centers in Shillong Region and 40 in Tura Region.
Since the collapse, traffic from East Jaintia to Lower Assam, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura has been completely suspended.
Bah Adelbert Nongrum has confirmed himself as the President of the party through a press statement on 09th June
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency on Friday said that Ukraine needs to strengthen itself at this time and that this will help Ukraine to overcome the to better prepare itself so that it can defend itself and fight against Russia in times of Russian aggression.
Those who want to explore the fossils, rainfall and Mawjymbuiñ Creek no longer need to stay in Shillong but the MVTPDSC has provided accommodation in Mawlyngbna with the information that this village has a beautiful place especially the pool is there.
According to media reports, they said that they fell ill shortly after eating Maggi bought from a shop nearby.
Shillong, March 05: The Seng Khasi Riwar Mihngi Youth Tournament scheduled to be held on November 18, 2016 has been postponed to November 11, Public Secretary of Seng Khasi Riwar Bah Oriashon M Tynsong.
Sikkim, who finished third in Group-2, beat Arunachal Pradesh 5-3 in a thrilling match.
Therefore, this has resulted in the absence of government departments in this Civil Sub-division.
The foodgrains were handed over to the Mukhla Nongrim Village Authority and the village distributed them equally to all the residents of Salonsar.
The Risiang Youth Association on Saturday last month opened the 1st Invitation Knock Out Football Tournament
He said that although it is a small group, the invitation of one of their members has been a great honor for the party and the area as a whole.
At the same time, he said they had discussed that the meetings of the MPCC, DCC and BCC should be held regularly.
Shillong, July 02: The Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) Kong Ïamonlang Syiem has warned the public not to spread pictures of children on social media because of the law. will investigate those who spread pictures or videos of children involved in various incidents.
“We have had a thorough discussion with them and discussed how we can move forward on this issue to improve the mining areas,” he added.
However, the Departments of Animal Husbandry and Dairying, the Department of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying of the Union Government have prepared treatment methods and distributed them to the States/UTs for the treatment and prevention of Lumpy Skin Disease. .
However, India's lead goal shocked the entire team and after 24 minutes, Lallianzuala Chhangte scored the equalizer. in the 38th minute.
On my part, I would like to say that all this is just a misunderstanding of some of those who were present on that day.
On the 31st of July this year, the NGT set up a committee and during its first inspection of the coal mines in Jaintia Hills, they first tested the water from the nearby rivers. and found that Water is Acid.
In a statement, JAC Chairman Prof Lakhon Kma said the group is ready to talk to the VC on the demands of the group but the VC should also take action. and to meet these demands of the JAC within the stipulated time.
Speaking during the election campaign in the border areas of Malangkona and Athiabari in West Khasi Hills on the 16th of this month, Bah Pala said, “It doesn't matter if you are with any political party. Whether it is the NPP, TMC, UDP or VPP, let us unite to support the Congress because in Delhi it will be only the Congress or BJP that will form the next government.
This may not be just a mistake.
Gadkari also said that those who have met him should stay away.
He said the security forces have worked hard to improve the security system especially in relation to the presence and activities of the GNLA. that left.
According to information received by Nongthohkhubor, the suspects, who were trying to smuggle into Meghalaya, were driving a 16 shaka truck number AS-01-0 They were arrested at Byrnihat.
The market has been very busy, as many of the people especially those from the neighboring villages of the area.
You need to look carefully at both sides.
“It's enough,” said the son. “It's my son,” the mother agreed.
To promote this industry, the cooperation of other government departments and the tourism department is also required.
Besides, a 2-year-old child has not been found yet, but it is highly suspected that they are still missing.
They stated that they had in fact completed the D.el.
BTS has won four awards at the Japan Golden Disc Awards, announced by Big Hit Music, the band's agency.
God sends many kinds of plagues, such as turning the rivers into blood, sending flies into the houses of men and kings, turning the dust into dust, being covered with snow, pestilence, and pestilence. the beast, which sent the locusts, which struck the locusts, which darkened the land of Egypt three days and three nights, which slew the firstborn.
Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city.
The four-storey building, is a building that has attracted the attention of the residents of the city and saw the leaves of trees, coming out of the doors, windows and these caused the visitors, that they would want to take a good look at the building.
The farmers were attended by HFU leaders from various units under Thadlaskeiñ Block, Laskeiñ Block and government officers from the Department of Agriculture, Horticulture and Meghalaya Basin Development Authority West. Jaintia Hills.
In the name of economic development, the environment has been destroyed, the workers have been attacked and killed.
However, in these four constituencies, as it is now, it is suffering because other parties are stronger than it.
Ankita Sharma and Monica Lyngdoh Phawa scored 78 runs for the win.
Shillong, November 14 : Meghalaya has been awarded the second position in the State Energy Efficiency Performance Award (Group 4) of the National Energy Efficiency Index. Energy Conservation Awards (NECA), 2023.
The meeting was conducted by Rev. RK Sutnga and Rev. PL Pakma, Executive Secretary KJP Mihngi, delivered the keynote address.
He said that the Government has directed the Ministry of Education to prepare the Draft Pension Scheme for Meghalaya Non-Government Deficit School Employees, 2023 but the Government has not yet approved it.
Not only to provide income to the people but also to provide employment to them.
Vivek said police were trying to find out whether Chakraborty had any more friends who had committed such crimes.
In the final, Aman, who is also the U-23 champion, scored a first goal in chess while Almaz put himself in the first leg. time enough in the fight.
About 3,000 people are expected to witness the swearing-in ceremony of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
What shocked many of them was when they got home, before getting out of the car, they heard that their father had cried out, “Khei noh khon khei, lar lah ha yung”. means “go home, son”.
Uma was also expelled from her teaching job at her school.
Phiralin Kharongor, Associate Professor, North Adventist College of Nursing in a speech on the theme of the celebration of Nurses' Day.
He added: “When it comes to the formation of the government in 2023; As it is now, it is clear that there is a desire among the people to participate and as it is now, I promise that as a political party in the state, only this TMC will be able to receive the judgment, walk righteously, walk orderly.
Khaw has been released for 5 kilos per head free of charge, while atta has been released for 5 kilos per card in urban areas and 3 kilos per card in rural areas at T.10.50/- it kilo.
He said that in 2014, the government had revised the insurance fee. How can the insurance fee be revised again in just two years?
There are currently 1,808 cases undergoing treatment and 509 cases have been discharged.
Therefore, besides Geography and History, we also have Mythology which is the essence of the history of the Jaidbynriew in the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, November 05: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has not yet announced its candidate for Mawphlang constituency despite the formation of its branch.
However, after this, she has saved herself by winning five matches.
“I don't want to contest for the post, but by the way, if the dialogue goes smoothly in a consensus, I am ready to take over the leadership if the party wants,” he said. said Mr. Bindo.
These include 24 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases from East Garo Hills and
In the incident, one of the robbers was arrested by the residents who gave him a strong warning until he had to be taken to a nearby hospital for treatment.
Every animal also gets its food by eating other animals or by eating plants.
“This is the stinginess of the government that has brought about this incident,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Under 15 category, first Zabdiel Diengdoh Leads School, second Mewan Pynhun Diengdoh and third Morningstar Phawa Leads School.
Meanwhile, Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, while speaking as the chief guest, said that the presence of the CCTV will reduce many crimes in Shillong.
Leaders from Khasi Hills led by HITO Shillong and Garo Hills include former CEM Purno K Sangma and Deputy CEM Augustine. Great.
In the women's +68kg category, Arunachal Pradesh and Assam met in the final where Johny Mangkhiya won the gold medal and Emon Gogoi won the silver medal.
