Shillong: Unidentified persons have thrown stones at a bus (ML-05K 8971) at 8:15 pm on the 10th of this month.
“This incident makes us question whether the Government has arrested or killed (Bah Cheris),” he asked.
The village has 75 households, 426 inhabitants, 212 males and 214 females.
However, if we are weak from home, this weakness will affect the nation.
In the morning the fire burned for two days and for three or four days.
However, despite the ban on traffic jam at Umïam Bridge, many of the drivers did not ignore the request of the police and the traffic jam caused traffic jam. extremely.
Shillong, Lber 28: Lasara Banbet Pathaw has won the Best Female Actor Award for her film “KI UMMAT” directed by Bah S Kharsyntiew.
Police did not recover anything from them but only four mobile phones.
After seeing the full support of the people for the Voice of People Party (VPP), which is standing in Prah's seat, in the election to elect the Leader in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Adelbert Nongrum u The VPP MLA expressed his high hope for the MDC election that “Prah will win well”.
The Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, has urged the Hon'ble Member of Parliament, Lok Sabha to read carefully the agreements and promises signed by the Government of India and the Hima under the Federation of Chiefs. Khasi States and to urge the Union Ministry of Home Affairs, Govt of India, who are well aware of this issue to come forward to implement the promises especially the order of 26 April 2012, from the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes. , Government of India, in accordance with the agreements signed in the Annexed Agreement of the Instrument of Accession dated 17th August 1948, in order to bring clarity to the enactment of the Laws of India which are inconsistent with the traditional rule in the state of Meghalaya.
All the office bearers of the NPP from the units attended the meeting and after receiving the name of Bah Nongrem, they decided to work hard. to bring victory to the party.
Through this public awareness campaign, our aim is to instill in people’s awareness of road safety among novice two-wheeler riders as well as help them understand about how to use their the road in a peaceful manner.
This behavior is known as 'social proof' which means you need to look at others.
For the MDC election, three names have been submitted and most of them are new.
There are many young men who like her but don't get the chance to talk to her because she is in a hurry to go home.
The Rangbah Shnong is also the owner of the land who runs the market. When he comes to check the Trading License or Labor License, the Sengbhalang also expels the Sengbhalang. The Daloi does not allow the Sengbhalang to enter Sutnga area to inspect the market. He has made laws that if any of the children of the Sutnga Elaka join the Sengbhalang, they will be expelled from the village and to knieh all the jobs such as coal mining and destroy the traishnong status in that elaka. .
At the same time, the family members of the deceased would like to thank the SRTs from Shillong and South West Khasi Hills District who came out and worked hard for the incident.
On 24th July, 1996, Don Bosco was appointed Provincial of the Salesian Society Guwahati and was the first Khasi to hold this position.
On the other hand, Bah RL Blah urged the Dorbar Shnongs and residents to be vigilant in all the Quarantine Centers in the villages in order to prevent those who are under quarantine from mixing together. and others.
We get morality from the Rympei who are the golden and silver cups through our parents, elders, teachers, friends, and those who give us good advice.
There is another issue that will affect the people who have not yet converted to the 6 religions written in the CAA, the “Khasi” and “Tre” religions. According to the 2011 census, they cannot apply through the CAA.
“KJDSTA respects the government for sitting down with the religious leaders to discuss the plan and reopening of schools, but the government should take the opinion of the SMC because they are the maki. They don't know the schools well,” said Babu Kular Khongjirem.
On the other hand, the Minister urged everyone to try to conserve water as much as possible and to understand its value.
When inquired from the Ministry of Tourism whether it has any information about the Yatra, Banshan said that the Ministry of Tourism has no information.
Marak, deceased, resident of Skagre, PO-Rangsakona, and Sken D. Shira (30 years old), son of Jison B. Marak, resident of Skagre, PO-Rangsakona. , PS – Ampati, South West Garo Hills.
However, the surprising thing is that as a nation, we don't see that.
Israel will also allow aid, such as petrol, diesel and food, to reach Gaza.
They were in favor of the motion while Preciusful Shabong of Sanker Dev College was against the motion.
The highest number of deaths was in Lombardy, with 360 deaths.
On the 15th of this month, Delhi Police lodged a complaint against Brij Bhushan for his denial of sexual harassment against women athletes.
He said that during the raid, the union also found that foreigners had taken their wives and children with them and the union suspects that these are refugees who are not included in the NRC list. and they came and dwelt therein, and dwelt therein.
RP: I don't remember whether there were any earlier ones who received this honor from Jowai.
Jesus said to the rich young man, “If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast to give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, follow me” (Matthew 19:21).
When asked where Bansara was, he said he was in Shillong and he didn't know anything but later he said he was in Shivdhara in Shillong at Rahul Gurung's house. Police have rushed to the scene but have received information that Rahul Gurung is not in Shivdhara.
In the end, even without the UDP, MDA 2.0 will be strong and will last until the end of the five years.
We must be a knowledgeable people and not rely on others.
He served as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from 1978 to 1983 and was also elected as an MDC from Nongspung-Sohiong.
However, the police have worked hard even to search outside the state.
His active participation in the State Legislative Assembly speaks well of his love for the state”.
He urged the users of plastic bags not to throw them away and to learn how to use them by cleaning them again and using the same bags when they go to the market. ways we can reduce the amount of plastic.
The decisions of this meeting were distributed to members on July 28, 2023.
When a blood vessel stops working or pumping blood for a few seconds, a person can die immediately.
Minister Passah, Past President RC-Jowai.
Don't publish news without knowing the reasons, Rupang.
Listen to the Word of God – “For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind” (2 Timothy 1:7).
Two Waheh Shnongs of Ladthadlaboh and Loomsooiung Newhill, Jowai, which have two malls, Family Mart and V Mart, have admitted that these malls were applied for NOC by Pnars.
" [There are more than 20 coke factories in Shallang, West Khasi Hills which do not have proper permits issued by Single Window Agency' of the State Government].
Where are the patriots/village officials/youth organizations of the village?
Shillong: For the eighth time, the Rupang Relief Scheme has distributed relief goods to 7 families from different villages in Lum Khasi-Jaintia.
“We found that there is a handover of the land by the KHADC on 25th March 2019 and we issued a letter to the Syiem of Jirang in which we requested to return the Nongwahmawtamur to the Sohiong Hima. month until 25th November 2019,” said the EM Elaka.
In this regard, after talking to the MeEcl Chief Officer in charge of Amlarem Sub Divisional, he said that he will take immediate action to look into and take the necessary action.
Shillong, November 21: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKIGP) on Tuesday vowed to close down the office of the Director of Printing and Stationery if the government does not suspend or temporarily transfer him to another department. The incumbent Director of the department, Salgira R Marak, has been arrested on charges of embezzlement of more than Rs 2 crore.
The Suspension of Operation (SoO) that has been signed with those involved in violating the rules should also be lifted as soon as possible.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shibun said that cleanliness is part of the health and environment.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Barbaniang said that many of these students have not only completed their matriculation, but have also continued their studies to higher levels.
On 17th 03.2022, the Mawphor newspaper said, “Bah Shangpliang has exposed the MPSC and DSC scams”.
This group would like to thank the Acropolis Hotel, James Kharkongor, Mickey Shanpru, Tracy Jona Basaiawmoit, TNDM channel, Pyngrope Vlog Channel, Nongsain Hima, Dapbor Disiar, Banri Biam, Jina Biam, Aisha Channel and Grace Channel.
Shillong, Lber 01 : The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the KHADC, Bah Titostarwell Chyne, on Tuesday said that the party is confident that the UDP will win the elections. The party will win 15-20 MLAs in the counting of votes today.
It was a question only time could ever answer.
Minister Passah, IPP, Rtn.
JTS Thongni was also elected as the Working President of the District Congress Committee.
In the Smartphone Photography Competition, the winner went to Albert Banlam, Raymond Wellis War, MLCU, second place and Amandame Lywait, MLCU. In the Digital Poster Competition, the first place went to Fennyzia Marbaniang while the second place went to Chanchal Loro – both students of MLCU. The FKJGP (FKJGP) has once again come forward to inform the state government on the demand for the establishment of a Community and Rural Development (C&RD) Block in Mawhati. long-standing regional demand issues.
He said that the committee headed by him has nothing to do with the VAB or the Ordinance.
Nongpoh: Many households in Umsalani and Umsaliang villages, villages under Jirang C&RD Block, have been affected and damaged by the sudden strong earthquake, which came along with u slap, which happened this morning at 4 pm.
“Yes, she was buried today,” said a source.
But as usual, one in a hundred times, such things happen and once Ganesh Das saw that there was no way to get out of that danger, they sent him to a better place. They were sent to NEIGRIHMS where there is a machine to help the woman.
“However, since the coming of the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, the talks between Meghalaya and Assam have been delayed and this shows that the state government has failed. "I'm sorry," said Bah Pala.
Implement the Kamaraj Plan as Prime Minister Pandit Nehru did in his day.
Saha, who took over as Chief Minister from Biplab Kumar Deb last year, said the state government under the leadership of the BJP has taken special measures to bring about economic growth and stability in the state.
“These youths have also created a Bible in Khasi through a mobile app, the Code Books of Seven Sisters, an app that teaches Khasi food and others for the people of this area,” he said.
On Tuesday, a meeting of the two districts, West Jaintia Hills District and West Karbi Anglong District, was held at Khanduli to discuss the incident.
The introduction of T.500 and T.1,000 notes in 2016 by the Narendra Modi government and the outbreak of COVID-19 in 2020-2021, have increased poverty and will continue to increase. for years to restore what the people of the country have lost in the last 7 years.
After the shooting, the family members of the sordar have lodged a complaint with the police against some of the people involved in the shooting. and the chief captain was wounded.
“We will talk to the Autonomous District Councils and we have already informed them of this for some time,” Sangma told reporters.
:The father of Manoranjan, who is one of the four, has been arrested for his involvement in the throwing of smoke canisters in the Lok Sabha on November stating that his son would be hanged if found guilty of the crime.
The Minister was accompanied by Mawshynrut MLA Gigur Myrthong, Addl Deputy Commissioner Kerwood Thabah who is also the Sub Divisional Officer (SDO) of Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division. , Project Director of DRDA West Khasi Hills Bah V.Swer and other officers from the district departments.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) in a statement has strongly opposed the decision of the state government to release the employees from Thailand. bar states do not come to work within the state.
Conrad was speaking to reporters after receiving two former MLAs from Jirang, Bah Slomik Kalwing and Pastor G Lyngdoh, 18 leaders from various political parties including the Congress. On the question whether the joining of the elected Congress MLAs will be like pouring old alcohol into a new bottle and it is not as the people want to raise the question, Conrad said. “It is not because these MLAs have not been able to drink alcohol while they are in the government ruled by the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. ".
We have done our part to advise and give time to the government to do what is necessary and now the task remains with the government.
Besides the Penalty Shootout, the Club will also hold a Fete on the 1st and 2nd December 2023 where the bumper prize of Housie will be 50,000 tyngka on the 1st December and 1,00,000 tyngka on the 2nd December
If we, the 21.62 lakh voters of the State, have prepared carefully by carefully considering which candidates and which parties to elect, without rejoicing or celebrating the money. , without being elected, without being deceived, deceived, misled, or deceived by the water, the result of the vote shall be acceptable.
Sohphan, which is one of the world's most popular foods, will now become the food of Kerala and public awareness will be issued in the coming months, the report said.
It is learned that in the footage, which was recorded from the camera installed in the house, it was heard that the man had ordered his wife to phone and inform his brother. The wife was shocked and said that he would go to jail without fail for this.
Therefore, since 2015, 2016, 2017, the union has conveyed these issues to the foreign government and in June 2022, the union has also met with Bah Hamletson Dohling who is the Minister of State. Please contact the C&RD Department to report these issues.
Out of the four UDP candidates, two are already MDCs, Rona Khymdeit from Nongpoh and Donkupar Sumer from Umsning.
We don't need such soldiers in Shillong.
Panagarh West Bengal, Ramagundam-Telangana, Gorakhpur-UP, Sindri-Jharkhand and Barauni-Bihar since 2018 has helped the country to become a leader in the production and supply of urea.
When the strength is over, they have to hire more people to fill the duty or just to benefit the officers, do other units not need major (Havildar)??? Let the commands answer themselves.
On the other hand, one side of the case noted that there have been recommendations to ensure that flora and fauna near rivers are not destroyed in the name of marketing them tourism or building construction.
The IMFL was seized from Mawkohtep village at 2 pm.
Under the Accessible India Campaign, 136 house buildings have been identified for completing the Access Audit.
According to the information, the Temple (Mandir) in Nartiang is very old and has been in existence for more than 500 years. Salong Lamare, Dolloi of Nartiang District, said that the incident occurred at around 10:30 pm local time.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The SE also explained to the Sordars that in the past years, the office has sent a proposal to the Central Government to allocate funds for the improvement of the road, but it has not accepted. at all and allocated money for paving only for the old road.
The CEM said the EC has also taken a decision on the implementation of the Trading by Non Tribal Regulation and will soon start issuing trading license to foreign traders in the areas under its jurisdiction. He said that whether the businesses are large or small, those who do not have a trading license will be banned.
As all the passengers did not say that they did not know, the police arrested the driver and also seized the bus for further investigation.
The School Managing Committee of Nartiang Pohshnong Govt Lower Primary School has sent a letter to the SDSEO last year to demand the construction of a new school. and it was turned into a house.
He said that what is more surprising is that even the SDO (Civil) of Sohra has not received proper information about the Marathon. The SDO replied that according to the letter he received from the DC, there will be no impact on the traffic on the day of the marathon.
For a while, the BJP has also joined hands with the NPP in GHADC. Prestone said the use of money in GHADC has been going on since ancient times.
The SP said that after this, about 200 people marched to Motphran and turned back to Them Metor.
The responsibility of leadership is what God has already given to those whom He needs to be leaders. If God is not able to be a leader by our own desires, we will never be leaders.
Then whatever happens, you accept as God’s gift to you since He knows best.
He said that he has not misused the money because all the land, land and houses he owns and bought are due to hard work and fair dealing. his not hidden at all like the others.
Bah Barkos said that the surprising thing about Thomas Jones is that he started from a small beginning and grew later.
From India, only two players from India have accompanied Margaret in the women's category and one player in the men's category along with an official. country.
The last wicket of Manish Sharma for 2/9 was taken, but he tied the ball and Bipin Kumar Ray ran to catch the ball.
Shillong, June 28: Three GNLA cadres today surrendered to the Director General of Police (DGP) Rajiv Mehta in Shillong.
After the selection of the children, the MSA will be ready to conduct a training for the children who will be trained by a jngi instructor from the Assam Rifles.
If this continues and if it continues like this, can we still expect justice in the state when the government itself has decided to abolish the investigation and punishment of corruption? the law and the Lokayukta office itself is the perfect source of protection for the people from the corruption and abuse of power in the government and also provides adequate punishment to those who violate the law; However, the sad thing is that it is the government itself that has taken advantage of its power to restore the Lokayukta office and it is here that the rights of the people have been violated.
He said that this meeting, once a year, will help us to get to know each other better.
Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the youth who have various talents should make the most of their talents.
Singh, who has been a skilled player in the past.
I've been watching this video on YouTube since the election.
After being rescued from the ground, the people who were present on the occasion, took the youth to CHC Umsning, but when they arrived at the hospital, the doctors announced that he was dead. he died.
Imphal, November 22: Christians in Imphal have refused to celebrate Christmas this year.
The American government began to celebrate Christmas in 1870 AD. Jesus was born in the winter season.
The union said that in phase 1, it was seen that the boundary demarcation did not follow all the four agreed issues, including historical facts, ethnicity, geographical contiguity and administrative. convenience & Williness of the people.
There were some family members who said that it would be useless to announce that he had COVID-19 because at the time of burial there was no order to think like those who died. from the COVID-19 pandemic.
The union also expressed its anger over the lack of confidence of the employees of the MeECL office in the complaints of the people.
Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari said that Apot durim has become the mainstay of the durim industry in the region and perhaps in India.
Dr. DD Lapang as the chief guest congratulated the management of the school, as well as the teachers and staff.
They have built plastic houses and there are no toilets and all the garbage flows into the river and this has caused many kinds of diseases in the area.
“When the Acting Speaker, Bah Jor Manik Syiem, took the first part to elect the Speaker, there was a stir and a stir by Bah Jor Manik Syiem. DD Lapang, Bah HH Hynniewta and Bah MN Majaw who are the Opposition.
“I am delighted that just 10 days after I joined the office, I have been invited to attend this day to honor the football team of the state,” said Bah Shakliar.
Regarding the inclusion of students as members of the Academic Council (AC), NEHUSU General Secretary Banpynbiang Riang said that the VC has approved the participation of NEHUSU. within the council so that many of the activities related to this university can be carried out.
They said that the place where he was kept had good prisoners who committed minor crimes and not dangerous criminals.
It can be said that the government's preparation of the cold storage at Mawiong is in vain as the farmers do not use the cold storage facility for storing their vegetables.
At this seed market, you can get feed for livestock such as cows, cows, pigs as well as rice fertilizer, jhur seeds, pesticides and other agricultural products.
The total GSTR-3B tax payments for the month of November till 30th November 2020 is T 82 lakh.
Rikman, who is a BJP worker from Garo Hills, was appointed as the President of the BJP Meghalaya in recent months after the term of Ernest Mawrie expired.
However, Lumparing SC didn't give up until the end of the first half. One chance for Marbaniang was denied by Mawlai's goalkeeper in the 70th minute, but the ball went wide. Mawlai players tried their best to protect themselves from the Lumparing players.
Both the children died soon after because they could not get timely assistance and treatment.
The party plans to submit up to 5000 articles on various issues such as the recognition of the state languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule, the establishment of Medical Colleges, the improvement of health facilities, employment generation. jobs for the youth and so on.
This has made it even more difficult, but they said that they cannot do anything and they have to wait for hours to get passengers and especially now they cannot even pay their own fees.
Rooney Lamin scored the second goal for War Jaintia Veteran FC in the 16th minute and Bless Pamthied in the 54th minute.
I started by selling Lakadong and cashews from Lakadong and Garo Hills.
Many of those from the rural areas have fled to the city in search of jobs.
He said that the Pro Vice Chancellor of NEHU has promised that the recruitment of teachers will be completed within 10 days.
There was also a tour of the hills and rivers of the Sohra area which attracted all the visitors from Santiniketan.
Regarding the meeting with the HYC leaders, the HYC leader said that the ADC has promised to take action on this issue, in order to resolve the issue. and the people in the city of Nongpoh.
Tomorrow, Synrang Shahkhain SC will play against Rymbai Pohskur at 12.00 pm and Khliehriat West FC will play against Byndihati SC at 2.30 pm.
On the other hand, Bah Daiapherbha Lamare, Secretary of the 6 Shnong Wah Lukha Association, said that the people who live near the Wah Lukha Association are poor and rich. He said that whether the JHADC auctions or not auctions the river, it does not affect the budget of the JHADC. It is auctioned at Rs 1,55,000 per annum, but if this river is given to six villages, how much will it be a blessing to the people who live along the Lukha River.
The matches tomorrow will be between Khliehmuchut Shangpung vs Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu at 11 am, Tpep Pale vs Mulang Ialong at 1 pm and Pateinki Sabah vs Ksehsylle Ialong at 1 pm. at 3 pm.
India's Atomic Energy (DAE) to provide $140 million in resources to U.S. Department of Energy's (DOE's) Fermi National Laboratory for construction of Proton Improvement Plan-II Accelerator for Long Baseline Neutrino Facility – the largest multinational research institute located in the U.S.In healthcare services, the research institutes of both countries will collaborate for soft technologies for cancer, including the introduction of AI-based diagnostic tools and prognosis prediction tools and research in diabetes-related fields.
To think, it seems easy, to sell kwai, synsar, tyrpad leaves, like picking tyrso from the garden and selling it on the street, many people came to knieh; However, we have to know that the buyers of kwai, there are traders in the market and they don't want much kwai, because their shops are still closed, because the market is closed and no more. , if we talk about synsar and sla tyrpad, we know clearly that those who manage these goods are a few kharkaia and the price of these goods above, no government can compete with Therefore, if even in the time of peace, no one dares to mushlia, then now, in this sorrow, we must understand that there is no merchant, who will waste his money without knowing it. when he shall receive it again, with the gain, which he shall feel for himself.
When asked, Paul said the government will soon bring the list of candidates and after that he will talk to the Chief Minister to discuss the candidates to be appointed as the new Chairperson of the Commission.
“I have announced a new scheme to support higher secondary students,” he said. The Chief Minister's Scholarship Scheme will be distributed in 2024-25 to eligible students in Class XI and XII. He said that the government will launch a new program to improve the welfare of students - MPOWER at a cost of T.380 crore.
Whoever is a riewkai can become a riewkai but you are not a share of the family.
On the part of the President, Bah A Sun, he expressed his gratitude to the Minister for his support to these athletes as well as to the Director of Sports.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Kong Ivory said that nurses are the most important part of the health system.
“I can't explain what they have in mind that they didn't come to the meeting yesterday, maybe they are still confused about who is the opposition, maybe the Congress thinks that those who left are still They are the Congress and those who have left still think they are the Congress,” said Bah Rymbui.
Regarding this incident, NESO has decided to hold a sit-in in front of the Governor of Assam on the 14th of this month from 11 am to 2 pm. mat demand.
As soon as they found the box, the children immediately informed the village authorities.
This shows that there is also a trade opportunity in terms of education.
According to the district authorities, the movement of coal trucks from Umdud to Zero Point Road to Majai Land Custom has been blocked by the residents of Majai.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 8: For the first time, the students of Class X & XII in schools from Nongstoin Constituency, who passed the Final Examination of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) and They were awarded the MLA Academic Excellence Award for the year 2020-23 conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education.
Professor Oinam said this at a press conference in New Delhi organized by the People's Alliance for Peace and Progress Manipur and the Delhi Manipuri Society.
Ronnie left and Ardent opened the envelope.
Former goalkeeper Matheus Khyriem, also known as Bunya, has passed away on 1st March
The first goal came after Ioanis Suchen shot the ball from the right side and put it in the box. the hand of Kharsati and entered the jar.
We have seen that many youths have lost hope even to apply for government jobs, therefore, we have to do something, we cannot just watch the hopelessness of the youth of the country,” said the statement.
The fire was extinguished by the Meghalaya and Assam Fire Brigade and prevented it from spreading to other shops in the area.
He said that many rivers in the state have been declared as fish sanctuaries and through the cooperation of the residents, many forests have been preserved across the state.
Marmar seized the drugs worth Rs 2.59 crore.
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle on Tuesday alleged that Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit and Pynshngain N Syiem as Chief Executive Members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have accepted foreigners of different races.
“Wait, I'll continue when I've finished eating, I'll get another khiewja and it's cold,” said the father and laughed.
At such a time, when the border talks between the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam are ongoing, how can this MLA come to fight in this village, where the party itself strongly opposes. “I don't accept it at all,” said Samla Alex Narleng.
Hawaii authorities on Tuesday released an estimate of the death toll from wildfires in the past few hours and said the death toll in Hawaii from the fires forests in the US has reached 106 cases as of that date.
Meanwhile, Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie strongly condemned and urged the Prime Minister to resolve the issue.
These robbers did not rob any money or steal valuables or steal anything but it was found that this robbery of the church was only to destroy these statues of Jesus Christ, the His mother was Mary and St. Joseph.
Nongpoh, Naitung 21: The discussion on the 2023 election from Nongpoh Constituency has been going on in Nongpoh Constituency which is also the Head Quarter of Ri Bhoi District. There are only three parties left to contest from this constituency.
Hazarika said this while talking to media after the opening of the first meeting of the Regional Committee held in Shillong on Tuesday.
In an email sent to the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the party admitted that it is a rebel party founded by 37 unemployed people.
So when you drink alcohol, your blood alcohol level may be much higher than it should have been when you were young or young when you drank the same amount or amount of alcohol, and that the kiad can stay in that place longer.
The Pynkynmawlot Football Tournament of Nongnah on Saturday was held at Mawkyndeng Nongnah Stadium, South West Khasi Hills.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chairman of the committee, said that there is a way to resolve the border dispute, but there are still problems and cases. However, he expressed the hope that through the cooperation between the two states together with the people, this problem can be resolved.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Garo Hills, Bah SA Rynjah, on 18th October, 2024, the Rongjeng Police Station received a complaint against the suspects. The GNLA (R) has telephoned the complainants from an unidentified number since 15th October, 2024 to demand money and threatened that if they do not pay the money, they will be punished. I'm in trouble.
Once a day, MeECL may reach the point where it can no longer pay even the interest, let alone the owner.
“They want to violate the rights that our leader has expressed in Parliament, on various platforms on the lack of governance, attempts to kill democracy and even to went to the extent of removing the name of the Congress leader from the membership of Parliament.
It is said that these snakes, if there are only two, they can produce 400 lizards in just three months and then they will breed and produce tens of thousands.
Let us look at some of His prayers and requests. I would like to show you two examples.
He said that the purpose of the rally was to demand punishment for those involved in the crimes.
Many coal traders want to submit tenders to participate in the auction but the action of this government is just to please some people close to the government as it appears. The Challans of the MLAs and Ministers of the Business Men of the MDDA Government have been issued. The two parties have requested clarification within three days so that the people of the District can know and get clarification. and if it does not succeed, other strong measures will not be taken.
However, at the same time, he denied that he was defeated by Agatha K Sangma from Tura, saying that the vote of more than 2 lakh votes should not be counted because he did not have a good opportunity to campaign in the elections. be defeated.
“Strict action will be taken against the people responsible for the incident.
The disease has claimed the life of one person in Assam.
She said that the Government of India has responded to the needs of the people of other states of the North East and should also implement the Act in Meghalaya so that the people of Meghalaya can be protected.
Archbishop Dominic Jala was appointed by Bishop Victor Lyngdoh of the Diocese of Nongstoin.
Manipur is also the most prominent sports state in the North East.
He expressed his regret that for 46 years now our state has no border and said that the new government should take action on this issue.
But did he answer? Is he willing to explain how these factories will protect the environment? Will he explain this deceit of yours? Or will he follow the example of Narendra Modi who doesn't answer questions? Have the political leaders in the Liang Pyrshah talked about this or is there any conflict? If the Prime Minister does not respond, I will continue to publish such articles on other topics related to his corruption to explain to the public.
“The recent incident ha Kokrajhar in Assam where civilians were shot dead is something that should be seriously considered,” he told reporters after the opening of the meeting. Cabinet today.
So when I was asked to take part in the programme, which is outside of politics and I also live in the middle of nature, I was very eager to take part.
“This Public Hearing was held inside where only a few villagers were present.
They were slaves who had been bought and used to make money.
Mawsynram Block has 166 villages and is the oldest Block in the State.
The Meghalaya government has now acknowledged that the Khasi people have been divided into six ethnic groups in accordance with the division of the Khasi people of Assam since
Due to the urgency, this directive or order came into force immediately from its public promulgation.
The Director General of Police (DGP), Dr LR Bishnoi on Tuesday held a meeting with the students of St Anthony's College to explain the danger and harmful effects of using and drinking drugs.
However, her family members did not believe that it was a rape, but alleged that her death was due to the bombing of her relatives until she died.
Only by the surprise of our people can we bring back the employment and peaceful life of the nation as a whole.
When else will this government think when in a few months it will think about the election to be defeated without any reason but by the power of the majority of the people.
Sanbor said that AL Hek cannot vote for himself to become the Chief Minister if the BJP wins.
I don't know what to do now.
It is learned that Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, is leading in Ampati Constituency and Zenith Sangma is also leading in the election.
Members of the opposition including the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) have demanded that the Bill should not be passed immediately. Committee to hear, that is, by mentioning many parts which are in conflict with the laws of the Elaka.
The Western Ribhoi Dorbar and Social Welfare Organization (WDO) signed a memorandum of understanding with 70 elders, leaders of civil society organizations and Sordar Shnongs. They met and submitted a petition at the desk of Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar , Minister in charge of Soil Department and others in his room led by Bah Lesstar Nongphlang President and Bah Sranly Wahlang Secretary of the party to express his dissatisfaction if there is really an intention to dismiss this officer, besides being the villager of the area, he is also a person who works honestly and takes responsibility for his service. as an officer of the public in the area.
To reach Iongnoh village is from Jowai Amlarem Dawki road and you have to turn on Mustem road and pass through Mustem village to reach this village.
In addition, Vi also offers up to 50GB of data and you don't have to pay anything for some if you recharge through the Vi App.
Jowai Traffic Police on receiving the information rushed to the scene and stopped the vehicle.
On this occasion, 137 youths were sworn in at the ceremony which was chaired by Steamly Niangti President KSU Khliehriat.
While here in Shillong, it seems that the city or the city does not have any rulers.
In another incident, Ratsingstar Ramsiej has lodged a complaint with Mawkyrwat PS that on 27th October, an unidentified person has raped a 4 year old girl. The incident happened at Mawkyrwat Market at 8 pm.
She stressed that the time has come for the government to introduce music as one of the subjects in colleges in a timely manner.
Regarding the demarcation, he said that the Government has not taken action to demarcate the border, and this incident in Mukroh is due to the lack of action in these 5 year.
Shillong: U Thomas Rongthaluh, a member of the Meghalaya Wushu Association (MWA) from Ri-bhoi District, has won a bronze medal in the 27th Senior National Wushu Championship which ended today in Shillong. on 10th March 2018 at Assam Regimental Centre, Happy Valley, Shillong.
Nongstoin, Naiwieng 26: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (KHASP) has demanded that the state government should immediately open a blood band at the Civil Hospital in Nongstoin.
“There are Bills passed by the KHADC which remain with the government till today,” he said, adding that the government should give full support to the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) which are standing. to protect landowners in the state.
On the other hand, Kong Grace also distributed blankets to all these students including their supervisors and a special gift to the first student to complete Matric.
Jesus was welcomed by Martha.
They have 7 children, 3 sons and 4 daughters.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Drimshon Mawlein, President of KSU Sawsymper Circle and welcome speech was delivered by Runningstar Kharbani, President of FKJGP.
She also sought clarification that according to the PIL No. 4/2015 filed in the Meghalaya High Court, she said that when Meghalaya got the state, the district council should have been abolished on the grounds that Meghalaya is predominantly Khasi and Jaintia and the introduction of the Sixth Schedule fits well only when it was with Assam to promote culture and income.
“It would be gratifying if he would take action by making it clear through his proposals to the government through the Ministry of Home Affairs that Malangkona Village really needs to build and have its own police station. “We have decided to build a full fledged Police Station so that the people living on the border with Assam can have peace and stability,” said Samla D.Sun President WKSU.
The Syiem of Khyriem Hima, Syiemship, Dr. Balajied Syiem, also came to the Raid Ïapngar, but it reached the limit until there was a stir. The meeting was held to discuss the issue of confirming the Lyngdoh Raid and the Syiem Niam of the Raid Ïapngar.
The 7 Wasa in this match played with a beautiful tone of play which impressed the spectators from the start of the match.
Of the deaths, 100 were reported from Hubei, three from Henan and two from Guangdong.
Shillong, March 7: There have been many condolences from various departments of the Seng Khasi on the incident which happened on the 24th of this month in Mylliem. Old Mylliam market.
According to the letter, this allowance should be included in the salaries of teachers from April
The next morning he got up early.
The word “politics” here does not refer to parties contesting elections or does not mean only contesting elections, although this is important in democracy.
Four of these medals have been awarded as medals, including the Home Guards and Civil Defense Medal for Meritorious Service and the Police Medal for Meritorious Service (PRO-CD&HG).
From 1891 to 1946, this work of observing the environment continued until before the independence of India. Between 1947 and 1959 was the era of Radar and to monitor floods, from 1960 to 1970 was the era of satellites.
England's Ashes squad for Australia this year includes: Ben Stokes (C), Ollie Pope, Jonny Bairstow (wk), Joe Root, James Anderson, Stuart Broad, Harry Brook, Ben Duckett, Zak Crawley, Matthew Potts, Ollie Robinson, Dan Lawrence, Chris Woakes, Mark Wood, Josh Tongue.
He said the BJP demands that Rahul should apologize to the people of Meghalaya for his remarks against the people of the state.
Friends, let us understand that on this day there is sorrow and there is joy.
They said that if the road is delayed in the construction, the traffic jam will continue in Shillong as the number of vehicles is still high.
Malkit is now no longer a drug addict and it is understood that they will return to live a happy life as a couple in Denmark.
Victor said the JBCC was dissolved at a meeting held on 9th July at Patharkhmah and the meeting was attended by the DCC Chairman Rangkynsai Mawkdoh. and two other Congress leaders and at that meeting they dissolved the Congress saying that the leaders did not do anything.
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of four political parties in Ri Bhoi, including HANM, RBYO, MPUF and MPSO, today visited Khanapara. Ktem 'Khalai', which the government had planned to build at that place, but on that day, they were able to sit in the area to enter the 'Khalai' camp, but they could not look inside. for there was a very strong iron gate.
They do this to prevent them from rotting if there is too much water in the soil.
The temporary visit of the Congress party to Mawlai has caused a stir within the Congress party but now they have disappeared.
However, no FIR has been lodged against the owner of the Iingbasa.
Shillong, June 17 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday said that he has already written to the Central Government to send 10 pyrtons of Central Armed Police Force from the state. to reduce the coal trade in the state.
But Jesus stood at the door and knocked.
Erlend Ness, a Norwegian mountaineer, said he had contracted the virus, but was recovering.
According to my memory, these organizations used to protest during the biscuit season.
After the meeting, the Dorbar had a plastic collection by the residents of Mawryngkneng along the Highway.
However, he said that education is now in turmoil.
This area is good for the production of Sying, Synsar and Sohniamtra.
In sports, Amebalaker Wanniang started his career in Mawkyrwat under the scheme of the District Sports Officer in 2019 and in joined the Sports Authority of India (SAI) to receive further training in archery.
On the other hand, CEM Teinwell Dkhar, while explaining at the dorbar tlang, said that all the people have praised the working methods of the current EC and his confidence in the members of the EC. The EC has empowered the MDCs to work according to their own knowledge.
Conrad said that many of the corruption cases were filed during the MUA rule, in response to the corruption allegations raised by the Prime Minister and the Home Minister. during the election campaign.
The bus was carrying students of Rom Agal Primary School who were going to Rongram for the end of the year.
Small vehicles passing through this road sometimes stop on the road due to the steepness of the road and it takes many hours to reach Nongkhlaw-Mairang.
The Seng will not hesitate and will seek RTI on this issue.
Samla Lambok said that at present we cannot discuss the railway because the state has not yet received the ILP and that is why the party wants the government to end the discussion on the railway. .
“We wish all the participants the best of luck in improving their skills,” said the KI KLIAR group in a statement.
Of the 3.31 sq km, Meghalaya will get 3.21 sq km while Assam will get 0.30 sq km. Umshiak, Maspara, Moipara, Malapara, Simrang/Salapara while Tuthiapara/Thutia Bazar will lead to Assam.
The Waheh Shnong of Khliehiongriang, Kermio Ladia, said that the incident happened at 7 PM when the church of God collapsed and hit a pick up with registration number. ML04C1475.
He said that if the governments of Meghalaya and Assam cannot resolve the border issue, the border disputes will not stop at all and it could become worse than it is now. long to those people who live in the border areas.
Besides the hundreds of border residents who attended the rally, they were also supported by various civil society organizations from Ri Bhoi, the Attorney General of the State, Bah Arwin K. Sutnga, Mawhati MDC, Charles Marngar, Sordar of Nongwah Hima, Estansing Jana, Rangbah Shnong and other elders who came to support the protest. pud which is not faithful.
Shillong, Nailur 12 : The State Government is in talks with the Central Government to reduce the requirement of 100 hectares of land for obtaining a license to mine coal. .
The center has been funded by the Jaintia Hills Development Society and will be run by selected SHGs.
When the feeling of religion came, even his household, his family, his tribe, his village, his town, were destroyed.
On the other hand, the VC commended the readiness of the colleges affiliated to the university to move forward with the Four-Year Undergraduate Program (FYUP) as envisioned by the National Education Policy 2020 (NEP). 2020).
Police have registered a case under Section 5(l)(m)(n)/6 IPC under Section 5(l)(m)(n)/6 of the POCSO Act. WPSI's Larisha Kharjana was arrested.
However, it is at this juncture that the youth of this village have received what they wanted through the help of Bah Medalsing Lyngdoh. young men who are skilled in the field of football.
When he says something that is not true, they say, “Yes, it is true!”
“Now it's too late.
Meghalaya follows the mother lineage, which makes it the most rare place in the world.
The welcome speech was delivered by H.Diengdoh, Head of Akashvani, Shillong. The welcome speech was delivered by Mrs. RML Marbaniang, Head of Programme, Shillong.
The reason for the construction of the houses is that the union has lodged many complaints but the government has not done anything. 70 houses.
In a short meeting, the Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills District, Shella N. Marak, called on the people of South Garo Hills District to join hands to bring peace and development in the district.
At the meeting, he also condemned the clean marriage of Khasi women and other ethnic groups and said that this clean marriage is a threat to the ethnic group which can change all the customs and traditions. .
Firsterjoy Pariat scored the first goal for Moosianglamare New in the 26th minute while Edifirst Chadong scored the second goal for Lakadong Ummat in the 71st minute from the penalty spot.
The Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) immediately rushed to Pasteur BH and conducted an investigation under Section 21 (a) of the NDPS Act at Shillong Sadar PS. Police are conducting a thorough investigation to identify others involved.
On the other hand, the DC said that soon, there will be a meeting between the two district authorities including the DCs and SPs between West Jaintia and West Karbi Anglong.
Conrad said the government or the House understands the feelings of the Christians in the state but cannot cancel the meeting as the Parliament is ongoing and it is only at this time that the Lamphang and the Officers will have time to take part in this meeting in Shillong.
What is more surprising is that during the election campaign they misuse the word 'jaidbynriew' just to attract votes, but when they win they keep quiet and hide in the shadows of the MDA2
After the post mortem, the body was placed at the morgue at NEIGRIMs Hospital on 14th November 2023, Shillong.
Throughout the opening ceremony of the Isolation Ward, there was a mutual praise, that is, the village leaders praised the Nongmihkhmat and while the Nongmihkhmat praised the village leaders, for the who have also decided to work together to curb the spread of COVID-1
this test of national security must be dealt with vigorously.
“Another issue was the Mawlangsu-Mawthungmarwei to Rambrai road which has been in place for more than 20 years but has not been completed due to the lack of proper construction of the road from Phutumbah to Mawthungmarwei. “It's a very big bridge and this road doesn't make sense until now if it doesn't have a bridge,” said Bah Pangniang. the relevant department shall take responsibility.
They built siej stands, skum stands to hold classes there.
The new cases include EGH: 21, EJH: 03, EKH: 151, NGH: 26, RBD: 22, SGH: 17, SWGH: 41, SWKH: 12, WGH: 74, WJH: and WKH: 14.
Because many of them have sent letters, he has invited them to meet on Monday to talk and this invitation is to understand what they have to say because of the same issue they have expressed. opposition.
The decision was announced by Ardent M Basaiawmoit, Vice President HSPDP and the people who attended the meeting raised their hands as a sign of approval.
Similarly, the technology of this age has affected the children who are still growing up, especially the children who are still going to school.
The AITC said that the road has been blocked until it is no longer possible for vehicles to carry the patient. the NH-62 road is badly damaged apart from the 30 year old wooden bridge which has not been operational now for years.
Shillong, July 15 : U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie today visited and provided assistance to a woman resident of Mawkynroh Umshing whose belongings have been stolen from her house. clothes, shoes, clothes, money, TV and other items.
In this regard, the market residents said that although there are thieves, they want the Hima Mylliem to provide market police in every way.
Now, this steady influx of Rohingya and Bangladeshi refugees into India has continued to this day and since then, the change has started. climate change and the influx of mynder will increase the influx of foreigners to India.
Besides these demands, the union also demanded that the Chancellor should think more specifically or provide free education for those students who come from poor families. longsem who is poor.
There are other schools run by the village (UPS) and church, Presbyterian and Catholic schools.
In fact, in our nation there are many people who have the ability to compose songs, but those who have been enslaved by the trick of the poiwir say that in our nation there is no one who knows how to compose songs. .
Achieving our 25-year plans is achievable – but this will only happen when we prepare and execute visionarily.
“As the government, we don't have the power anymore because it is now in the hands of the contractors.
The man, who tested positive for covid-19 after returning from a wedding ceremony in Khanapara, Assam, has visited the house in Laitumkhrah.
It was also made clear that if anyone does not pay according to the provisions of the Act, they can be sent to pay a monthly fee and also those who violate the provisions of the Act. will be punished.
He said that during the investigation, it was found that there was a delay and a misunderstanding by the government.
Trump was accompanied by South Korean President Moon Jae-in.
“The clash lasted for several minutes and our officer was injured,” said GHP Raju, Inspector General of Police (Operations).
There is no bakhraw, there is no bapoh.
Another initiative of the government is to improve the income of the people so that they can support themselves in their lives in the rural areas, he said.
In this regard, the residents who did not want to be named said that the NGT ban on transportation and mining of coal has not been implemented properly in these villages. this work is still ongoing.
George B Lyngdoh (Congress) also informed about the increase in the price of petrol, due to the increase in the price of petrol and then that the drivers have to sit less people and gave an example. The fare from Umiam to Shillong is T.100 each and if there are two students from the same household to Shillong, the fare is T.200 per day.
I'm not sure if I'm going to go back to the state.
When asked, he said, “We don't agree to inform about the number of HNLC members now. security for the top members of the party".
Meghalaya, which is the owner of the tournament, has shown to the world that it has improved rapidly in this tournament as it has moved up from the sixth position in 2018 to the top of the list. fourth this year with 36 gold medals, nearly 12 times what they won in
The distribution of equipment for people with disabilities will be held on the 5th of this month at Science Hall, DC Nongpoh – Ri-Bhoi District and on the 7th The event will be held at the Ladies Recreation Centre, Dwar Jingkyrmen, Dhan Khti, Shillong.
In a statement, the NPP said, “It is reported that the file sent by the GHADC to the government to appoint Conrad as MDC has been held by Mukul Sangma for three months. now".
Replying, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that DISHA is not a program of the State Government.
Before taking over the throne, a short meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall of the Hima Mylliem, which was chaired by Minister RS ​​Kharbuki in the presence of Syiem Khynnah, Ministers and Basan.
Pujari was arrested and taken to Nagpur on October 28 from Belagavi jail in Karnataka and charged under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
" said the Creator.
Police have registered a case against the relatives of the child on the 19th of this month under sections 302 IPC. to find out the root cause of the murder of this child.
Umiam is not the responsibility of the Prime Minister to do whatever he wants or to auction whatever he wants.
The union said that from time to time the residents complain from time to time that the spread of dead cows and muid is very common and the farmers who live near the market are not happy anymore because of this. The union has demanded the closure of the market because it is not known what kind of cows and muid are in the market. , the statement concluded.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Minister of State for Electricity, AT Mondal said that according to the report received during the inspection, it was found that the bridge and the building The bridge is adequate and safe, but what is needed is to replace the bearings between the bridge and the Umïam pond.
“It's what you said, son,” agreed the father.
He said that he has tried to explain to the people that the defeat and rejection of the people in the last election, may be because in his leadership there are shortcomings, mistakes. but they are a stumbling block to the people, and it is better that he should not fight any more.
Nongpoh: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Teinwell Dkhar, along with two MLAs SK Sun, Gigur Myrthong and several MDCs including Titos Chyne, RR Kharbuki, Victor Ranee and others, yesterday visited the house of Michael Warjri, which was recently destroyed by the residents of the area.
They are very dangerous if you eat them.
"The BDO was on his way to a village with his driver, while he was stopped at a village in Upper Dolonggre, unidentified robbers came and opened fire. fled.
Speaking on the issue of dignity, Bah Titos urged the actors and filmmakers not to forget the rights and dignity that we as a nation have. ksoh.
Speaking at the meeting, Anil Oraw, Regional Director, Ministry of Tourism, Government of India, stressed the need for mutual development in tourism and trade.
The CEM said that it has been arranged in the discussions so that the work can go smoothly.
The Gospel of Luke 4:18 clearly states, “...for he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor;
It won the title in Manipur in
According to the leader of the truck owners, after the coal ban, many trucks have been carrying coal to the coal factories in East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: The State Government has expressed its concern over the government's haste to bring in these highly skilled labourers.
“Bah Pathaw said that the Government has taken measures, such as finding new places to dispose of the garbage.
On the other hand, the 'tipbriew tipblei' expresses itself through the language we speak and proverb; through the voices we sing and through the writings that come out of the source of thought.
This decision has shocked the Khasi-Jaintia Hills where the Rangbah Shnongs of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) have come out to demand that the state government should implement the Village Administration Bill ( VAB) the KHADC to empower the Rangbah Shnongs to exempt themselves from this decision of the High Court.
However, the BJP has not won many seats in the state even though it has not won.
As many as 12 projects costing Rs 340.50 crore have been sanctioned for Meghalaya in the various sectors under the North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme (NESIDS) This was out of 145 projects sanctioned for the different North East states at Rs 3392.99 crore as on December 7 , this year.
It is when we have such rulers that the country and the nation have hope for tomorrow.
He added that the government should empower the police on the border to do their duty, just like the Assam government empowers its police.
Therefore, they should be like soldiers who are ready and ready to fight with courage against many challenges that may come either at home or in society if they spend their nights only in charitable deeds. or evil desires, which have already been defeated by many kinds of enemies, will destroy and weaken not only themselves but all those who trust and hope in them.
“I have been arrested 26 times but as a KSU you should not be afraid of being arrested,” said Michael.
He also explained that Tirot Singh ascended the throne from a young age, but as a king he was able to run and rule his Hima well with his knowledge. good for the border, for the people, and for the laws of the land.
"“Severe traffic jam starts with a stop for a few minutes of the vehicle passing in front and this causes a lock jam for the vehicles following and the traffic jam. spirit lasts for many many hours.
When asked about the freight railway, he said that while there are no laws especially the ILP, there is no reason to discuss whether it is a passenger or freight railway. they came and entered as they pleased.
What is needed is to strengthen these existing fish farmers and ensure that they have all the necessary facilities for the expansion of their ponds and the care of their fish.
Hashah is a native of Nonghyllam, Shillong and lives in Umlyngka.
Due to the fear and negligence of our District Councils, these people have not been able to register their land in Karbi Anglong.
It is understood that the CEM's remarks refer to two ARPA MDCs who have joined the PDF, Process T Sawkmie and Grace Mary Kharpuri. address.
Other programs on the day included shops set up by various government departments and SHGs and traditional songs and dances by the talented youth of the area.
Meanwhile, it was learned that the suspect was arrested by the Meerut Police station on 28th November.
According to reliable sources, a large amount of money has entered the account of the former Secretary to the Executive Committee, Bah Welljune Syiemlieh and others.
The HSPDP leader also denied all the allegations against Bah Ardent and said it was just an unfounded allegation.
I hope he has made it clear that the meaning of the word “Magistrates” who have the authority to implement the CrPC and the CPC. by Parliament and which has not been implemented yet and cannot be implemented in the Schedule Areas,” said the Council of Nokma.
This is Meghalaya's third victory to retain the top spot in Group-B with nine goals after beating Telangana 4-1 Rajasthan won 6-0
Botafogo, one of the strongest clubs in the Brazilian League, have signed former Chelsea and Atletico Madrid forward Diego Costa free of charge in the transfer market.
He said that it is necessary to provide public information on the voting of political parties like the Congress and others by encouraging people to enter the state.
The foods we eat contain many vitamins, minerals and our body needs these vitamins, minerals and nutrients for the body to function properly.
Remember that the work becomes the work because of the Spirit of the Worldly Thought – If you think so, you are so.
There are also those who have applied for the name of the North West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking as the chief guest, James PK Sangma praised the women of the SHGs of Shangpung and other neighboring villages for their hard work to improve the community.
There are young people who don't have a job, but they don't lack money.
Shillong Lajong will play against Rangdajied FC at 1:30 pm at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
He said that we should take this incident as an opportunity to bring about change in schools, teaching methods, education for the benefit of the students and the future as a whole.
Thomas Jones translated Khasi hymns from Welsh and English into the Khasi Hymn Book entitled, Religious Hymns to be sung in schools and churches in
“In the end, we cannot forget that a police chief in his teens, who may not have agreed with the continuation of illegal conduct in coal affairs, lost his life.
“Out of the 52 villages on the border of West Khasi Hills, 41 have submitted a letter to the Regional Committee requesting to join Meghalaya while 9 villages have submitted a letter requesting to join Meghalaya,” he said. said Paul.
After the first innings, the combined MLP scored 80/10 in 17.1 overs.
He said the Central Government has also implemented a portal known as 'eGramSwaraj' which will make it easier and faster to submit documents related to projects implemented. through the Council.
He said this move could lead to conflict.
Kennedy Sangma, Area Commander of Chokpot, escaped from the jail at 8 pm on Saturday.
It is also learned that even Hijras or Transgender people are involved in these lyngkar activities. short.
He has resolved the issues within the household and has worked hard by going to the people to strengthen the party in the blocks so that the party workers can listen to the voice of the people and speak to them. “There are many problems faced by the people,” said the statement.
It is necessary to introduce medical equipment such as X-Ray and Ultrasound Machine, to increase the number of nurses and staff in the health centre, so that they can provide efficient services to the people.
Social observers:- In society you will find especially in places where Dkhars have been cleansed, our Khasi girls wear khadu, sam khmut and speak more in Dkhar and do sarong that they have cleansed the house.
Shillong, Nailur 3: The GNLA has shot dead a fugitive member of the party identified as Chalang Sangma at 11 am this morning at Dakolgre village. It is located in the Gasuapara region.
When asked why the BJP has not announced its candidates, Bashailang said he could not say because there are reasons.
Kharjahrin also alleged that the Assam government's acceptance of the bill is only to please the Hindu believers, without thinking that it will affect the power and authority of the Indian government.
This order shall come into force immediately until further notice.
UDP Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Lyngdoh said the UDP has already set up an Election Committee to find candidates for the 2024 MDC elections.
The Sahbaab is the relationship between husband and wife.
New Delhi: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today announced that 25 percent of the injections will be purchased by the Government of India and will be distributed to the states. , will be distributed to private hospitals, at a cost of T.150 per injection and 25 percent of the states' share will go to the Government of India.
With the T.2 lakh received by the four families, their total income has reached T.8 lakh alone, T.3 lakh from the Meghalaya government and T.5 lakh from the Meghalaya government. Government of Assam.
By removing these two Ministers from the UDP, the NPP can benefit its own MLAs.
Inspector DMR Dawki Check Gate was opened on 20th July.
“For the 2023 election, the Congress party will not be able to come to power and I will have to think for the good of the people in the constituency, through being in the party. don't be afraid," said Fantin.
Use your vote properly as the Constitution has empowered you,” said Bah Peter.
Such shops are located in Wahiajer and Jowai, Iaw Shyiap and CNI Market. This is to inform you that Ma Rapche Lamurong, son of Nimos Pala and (L) Aiti Pala passed away on
LT Tariang MCS and welcome speech by Bah RS Marweiñ, Rangbah Shnong of Mawranglang Laikyntoit and welcome speech by Bah I. Lawrynniang, BDO Mawkyrwat Block.
CHAPTER 20 PYRETHRUM This plant has recently arrived in our Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
“I believe that peace will be achieved through dialogue and that is why the HNLC needs to stop the bloodshed and its members should come forward to surrender because the bloodshed has caused problems to the people. “It's the whole state,” said Bah Kyrmen.
The precious human soul has been taken away without thinking of the coming of the raibi and the tyrud ka smer in our future generations.
Conrad, you should get your reward.
Mulait Bri-Sutnga SC will play against Kseh SC at 2.00 pm.
We will wait for the right timing to watch.
India has been ruled by you.
After this incident, the Assam government sent a team of police under the leadership of the O/C to investigate the incident. It was revealed in the news that it was a whirlwind.
When God sees the heart of man in these days standing in the time of wisdom and trust in wealth, God begins to show His power now in the whole world.
Through these two goals, Mawkhar has encouraged the team to stop many of the attempts of Malki.
West Bengal will turn back to the TMC. So far, the TMC has won in 188 constituencies and the BJP in 99 constituencies.
The UDP Lawbah Zone on 6th June, 2022 held a General Meeting of all the Primary Units in the Zone including the UDP Lawbah Zone. Lawbah, Mawlyngbna, Mawtepiew, Umtyllun, Mawkhan, Mawdon, Thyllaw, Nongraing, Nonglait, Sinai and Nongtrai.
On the other hand, Dereck O.Brien expressed his appreciation to Meghalaya, the Mawkyrwat area for being beautiful and the main goal of AITC is to bring about change. WE-Card and MYE-Card for women and youth through T.12,000 per month, after 100 days if the AITC comes to power in the MLA Election .
Many families have been temporarily evacuated to the Pynthorumkhrah Community Hall.
The second semifinal will be between Syndai Kmai Shnong and Pamtbuh SC. Superintendent of Police, EKH, Shillong, Bah S Nongtnger IPS said that on the 30th of last month they received an FIR. Laitumkhrah Police Station on the theft of a motorcycle parked in front of the gate of Litte Flower School in Kharmalki, Malki Shillong.
It is for this reason that we want to consult with the people and we will see how this work will proceed,” he said.
He was afraid and decided in his heart that he should listen when he saw that his mother and father understood.
At the same time this Jesus Christ calls us to the City of Rest and says, “Come to me, all you who are weary from carrying heavy loads, and I will give you rest.
He said he had heard that there were dead cows in Pynthorumkhrah but there was no confirmation.
Chyne said the 40 leaders are from different village units in Shella Constituency and were received by UDP candidate Balajiedkupar in the presence of party leaders. Shillong: Nongrim Hills Sports Club on Saturday beat Nangkiew Irat FC 2-1 in the Shillong Premier League match of the SSSA at the JN Stadium Polo.
Shillong: The JSU has urged the public to refrain from being smuggled by Bangladeshis, to be vigilant and to be prepared to protect themselves.
Dr NK Das said that this railway and road connecting the neighboring countries is a long standing demand of the people of the two countries and this project will boost income. and it will also strengthen relations between India and Bangladesh.
“We thank God that He has saved us from injury but there are some who have suffered injuries,” said Bah Blashan.
The wisdom of God and the wisdom of man are not the same.
The meeting of the organizations was successful in which these elders, listened to the complaints and requests of the thousands of residents of Umran Dairy.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 31449 out of which 22976 have recovered and 502 have died.
He knows how to respect the Rymaw, sometimes he forgets what he has done wrong to it, he doesn't know how to respect it, sometimes he remembers its value.
There are also many other roads which are well maintained and which need to be mentioned here but they are too many and there is no space to mention them all here and only those in Khasi and Jaintia.
It was also decided that commercial vehicles from these 6-Shnongs will have to carry only the passengers who are in their villages and will not be allowed to carry passengers on the road except the residents of their villages. Contact tracing is available if you have not been infected.
The 'Made of Chic Vibes' for the Blenders Pride Fashion Nights has been a successful evening of fashion shows. culture, music, which enhances the character of Guwahati.
It can be seen that the lack of rainfall has caused the hydropower plant to appear dew lynnong, the old road that passed through this area in the years before the construction of the Umïam Dam, the wells and others. Many of the jyntei and those that were erected in previous years which did not appear well because of the flood but this year they have appeared.
K L Farmer.
The residents also complained against Bah Lapang for trying to sell the land without the consent or knowledge of the Dorbar Shnong.
He also informed that a book has already been prepared in Khasi which will be published soon.
Shillong, Naiweng 12: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) does not have the authority to register land within its jurisdiction due to lack of law.
Furthermore, if the information is incorrect or incorrect, you will be punished.
The executioners, who pretended to be Roman soldiers, put three-inch crosses on his hands and then on his feet, and then they erected the cross for the public to see. ia The Saviour.
In South Garo Hills, 4 villages including 2 places in Bagmara, Chokpot Rongara.
West, speaking in recent days, alleged that the singers these days, do not have any power over themselves, but these companies have the power over their songs.
The jait was given to the father, especially by those families who did not marry women from other neighboring tribes to increase the jait and kur, especially when there was no female kur.
2,000 copies and 500 copies were recovered from the residence of Arpita Mukherjee.
Speaking on the government's achievements, Sangma said that up to T.40,000 crore has been spent on the construction of buildings in the last five years.
He said that as an MLA, if he resigns before half a month or 45 days, it will be a great loss to the constituency.
He said India ranks first in the world's pharmaceutical industry in the supply of locally produced drugs, vaccines and low-cost HIV drugs.
Meanwhile, the shopkeepers who used to sell 15 kilos to 20 kilos of syrwa per day when they set up shop at this taxi rank now sell only 2 kilos per day.
This suggests that this rice contains a lot of glutton, which is different from starch.
It is easy to point fingers at the leaders who are not up to the task they should be doing, but, as a follower, if we don't strive to take the first responsibility for ourselves, it will be a mistake. I don't want to be able to do anything for the next three years and I don't want to be like a rocking chair that doesn't go anywhere. anywhere.
However, they should be careful lest it happen like what happened to my brother, because now they call by their own will, they sit by their own right, it doesn't fit,” said Granary.
“In any constituency or even in my constituency, there will always be those who will stand against me and this does not mean that I am in power and I will send them to do illegal things,” said Prestone. .
Tura: The Trinamool Congress Meghalaya (TRI) on Tuesday held a rally in Tura with more than 25,000 supporters from Garo Hills in the presence of the National General Secretary of the party. (AITC), and Abhishek Banerjee.
Only ambulances, fire brigades and police can use it.
He also reported on the audited statement of the annual budget.
On Friday, Rujira was questioned by the ED team for more than four hours at the ED headquarters in Kolkata.
Rymbai SC and Thrangchynnam FC have qualified for the semi final of the tournament.
He died at home today and was found to be infected with corona virus.
He said that it is a surprise to all that this world should no longer trust people and people have to be thoughtful because many times we see that these incidents, the perpetrator is a person who knows. and in this way they can deceive the children because they have that confidence.
The Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, today announced that the Mini Stadium Ladjaplem, Amlarem will be cleaned of plastic in the month of February.
“This demand has continued until now and the JAC has met many times and submitted a letter of demand to the KHADC and has been following up on this issue from time to time,” he said. state.
He said that women should also be allowed to take part in the elections to elect Rangbah Shnong like MLAs, MDCs and MPs. .
Perhaps, he may be a weak worker in all respects, whether in strength, in health, in knowledge, and so on, but this does not mean that peace cannot result and thou shalt be blessed.
He said the United States will continue to work with and support its neighbors to send aid to Ukraine so that Ukraine will be ready and able to fight against the United States. in Russia.
If 10 people join, they get 20 people and more.
Some were also forcibly uprooted and driven from their homes.
The Superintendent of Police (SP) said that the suspects were arrested from Mawïaban village of Siejlieh village in West Khasi Hills.
The arrival of the teachers in front of the Secretariat has shocked the authorities of East Khasi Hills District and the security police as according to the permission of FASToM from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Although the Magistrates who forced the leaders of FASToM to send the teachers who are in the Secretariat and in front of MBoSE to Madan Malki, they did not. “We will not leave this place until we get a reply from the Government.
“We will prepare the list of candidates next month and we have also brought the party's manifesto for the GHADC election,” he said.
We must not allow foreign forces to invade or incite our people to take up arms.
In another raid, BSF troops from 4Bn seized a large quantity of sarees from the border areas of East Khasi Hills which were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh.
In any case, we will give our full support to Bah Ardent from now on in this regard.
However, after the years, when the people began to understand, they found themselves afraid. On social media, the party has won, but now that the people have come out in the thousands to support the VPP, they have started to be afraid and turn to social media to criticize.
The arrested youth was identified as George Rynjah, 20, resident of Law Sohtun Block-2
The training center was inaugurated by Mylliem MLA and Minister of State Bah Hamletson Dohling as the chief guest in the presence of the owner of the land who donated the land for the construction of the training centre. the Rangbah Shnong, members and leaders of the USBA among others.
" replied Lydia.
Ampareen also visited Anita Sangma and strongly condemned the robbers, who were involved in the attack on these two women.
SHILLONG: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has given its full support to the demands of the EMRI workers (MEWU) before the government to increase their salaries and appoint staff and others. mat demand.
In this regard, the union has also met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to speak as sent by the government. to take a decision and sent it back to the government for a decision.
There are many states where Rahul can visit, but surprisingly, he spends a lot of time in Kerala,” Vijayan said.
“If the knowledge and talents we have go hand in hand with the knowledge we gain by studying, it will bring great benefits to our youth,” said I khong Toi while speaking at the meeting.
This was announced by the Minister of Education Rakkam A Sangma when asked about the difference of opinion between the Vice Chancellor of NEHU and the NEHUTA.
Shillong Lajong FC are ready to face Churchill Brothers in the ninth round of the I-League on November 6 at the SSA Stadium, Shillong at 2 pm.
Many of the elders said that when we look at the colleges in Khasi Jaintia which includes nine districts, almost all the colleges are run by church groups and private individuals and perhaps only Shillong College is run by the Government.
However, one of the most important things that we don't think about is good sleep – which is often overlooked despite its importance and is one of the building blocks of healthy lifestyle choices. health.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10 : The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof PS Shukla, has forgotten about the support he has received from the people. On Thursday, he requested the Joint Action Committee not to continue their indefinite strike.
Only school children have the right to wear uniforms and not the public.
“We have always been ready to talk and as mentioned in the previous reply and this is the basis we have mentioned many times to the government and the High Court of Meghalaya.
If it were not for the private sector, many would have been fired and had to look for work elsewhere.
Nongpoh: U Bah Pherbiang Shadap, on Saturday, was appointed as the Syiem of Raid Iapngar, after the death of Donatus Shadap, Syiem of Raid Iapngar. In the presence of all, they elected this Rangbah to take over the throne and to look after the children of the thousands within the Raid.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: Two youths aged 17 and 15 years old have drowned while training inside the PHE dam at Mawrusyiar.
Shillong, June 29: The preparations of the Meghalaya Games 2022 for the Meghalaya Games 2022 have progressed and the staff, volunteers and athletes will come to take part in this biggest sporting event in the state.
Please if you have any information about this guy please call 7005864724/
Members of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) will hold a march and siege the CBI office at 12 noon today as a sign of protest against the government. government of Narendra Modi.
Shillong, Jymmang 3 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that after the 6th of this month, the party will have 28 MLAs and after the 13th. On the 19th, it will reach 29 MLAs followed by about two MLAs in the next few months.
This incident will remain in the history of the country as a whole and the memories of our struggle against covid-1 The problem is the struggle, which has been with the empty hands of the people and themselves to take care of their own lives for half a year.
There are currently 830 confirmed cases of the coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in 29 provinces of China.
Payback time baby.
“We will protect our country and nation.
SCA, which had to tied first, scored 157/7 in 35 overs.
It is said that it is customary for the Orthodox clergy in Russia to bless the candles before using them.
Even if we lose, we will not hesitate to rise and pay just to reach the places we should reach.
It is through such discussions that Nagaland has reached the point where the NNC led by Phizo has formed another stronger party known as the NSCN. One of the incidents we have done as a surprise that we are still strong as happened in Ladrymbai and Jhalupara, unfortunately the HC and Secretariat are still free from our responsibilities”.
?" She asked again. “Wait, I'll tell you.
The police chief said that the child is a victim of rape.
I don't know who did this and why but it could be that they want to make a vaccine against AIDS," Montagnier said.
The government has also been able to calm down even the various Seng Bhalang on its commitment to talk to Amit Shah.
Therefore, it is not wrong to say that the 30th of December is indeed a day to remember U KHLAWAIT KA RI JAINTIA as we have seen through the newspapers and various meetings that have accused the Dohlieh who have been killed. However, when the 31st of this month came, many people were afraid of selling back the name and honor of KiangNangbah by various tricks to private individuals and afraid that the Seng Bhalang would also fall into the same trap.
The mother was arrested and taken to the police station.
Shillong, Nailur 26: After 6 months and 18 days in office, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, CEM of KHADC, today handed over his resignation letter to the Chairman of the KHADC. kong And the line Thank you.
More than 180 countries still have to rely on vaccine manufacturers and dozens of countries are still waiting for vaccines even as India has reached 100 crore doses.
She said that she was taught in the home of her father, Late Peter G Marbaniang, former MP and former Minister of State Robert G Lyngdoh. .
Then the MCCL celebrated its Silver Jubilee in 1990-91 and in 1993 on the birthday of Meghalaya it published a statement in English, “To strengthen the socio-economic fiber of NE India, this tiny state of Meghalaya produces the finest Hill Brand cement.
Referring to the meeting held by the Rangbah Shnongs to decide whether to accept or oppose the MUDA Building Bye-Laws in the 12 villages of Upper Shillong, Ronnie said, It is necessary to sit down and think at the table, you cannot solve the problem at the public meeting”.
Parking improvements are only 22 percent complete.
This was announced by the Tymmen Basan, Tbn SD Rymbai of the Wapungskur Church.
If the buyers or sellers avoid using plastics it will help to reduce the use of plastics and also to produce them by manufacturers when there is no demand for them.
The Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (ASHA) has sent a letter to the District Medical and Health Officer (WJHD) to demand the release of the remaining salary before the celebration of special festivals in the state.
He is a man who believes and acts truly and rightly.
The UDP, which joined the RDA in 2018, has said that for the 2023 elections, it will contest alone and will not join hands with the HSPDP. The Trinamool Congress on Tuesday urged the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Conrad Kongkal Sangma as the Prime Minister not to take credit for the work initiated by the former Prime Minister. Dr. Mukul Sangma's State.
Shillong, Lber: The Principal of JNV Rymbai School, East Jaintia Hills, RK Joshila Devi has urged all teachers, students and parents to take part in the program to be held at On the 1st June 2022, at 11 pm, the Prime Minister Narendra Modi will hold a meeting with the students to provide many benefits especially in the upcoming examination through a speech. of this minister of the country.
On the same day, the KSU also removed the signboards written College of Agriculture saying that the KSU does not want the College but should be given by the University.
“I don't know anything because the information should be sent to the Urban Development Department and I don't know whether they have informed or not,” said Pretone.
However, the most important thing to honor the leader of the fighter is to follow in his footsteps.
If you don't know how to serve, you don't want to be a master.
Later, a rally was held until the residence of the refugee and here a mombatti throwing ceremony was held with the participation of various school children of Pammanik, teachers and residents of Pammanik.
On this occasion, Charles handed over T.5 lakh to the Syiem of Mawsynram as a sign of solidarity for the Kenbah and Phlangwanbroi to improve the drinking water supply and streams of the village. doesn't.
For example, we have to pay about 17-18 tyngka per liter of petrol and 12-13 tyngka per liter of diesel in the form of VAT in addition to the price of umphniang.
“So we thought that in 2019 it will drop to 19-20 percent but it has increased due to the CAB-CAA issue,” said Dr. Jemino. The MDA has affected his chances of winning the last election.
Shah said the India Disaster Resource Network has been set up across the country and more than 10,000 new records have been added to it.
Shillong, June 03: The Assistant General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Samla Roben, after talking to police at the police station, said that the incident inside the police station was caused by Because a police chief had insulted the members of the party during the beginning of the talks.
The MPDF under the leadership of former MLA Process T Sawkmie, Working President K. Basaiawmoit and other leaders, on Tuesday confirmed the MPDF Women Wing Unit of Mawlai Nongpdeng Village. meeting held in Nongpdeng.
The Labang Nangphyllut & Pangam Raliang Area Committee has sent a letter to the CEM to revive the area and to recognize the villages within the council.
Mawlong Mawtari falls under Mawryngkneng Constituency in the MLA Constituency and Laitumkhrah in the MDC Constituency.
Eva Wayne Marbaniang has reached the pre-quarter final after defeating Pooja from Delhi against Nikhat Zareen of Telangana, who is also the world champion.
This virus from my understanding is harmless especially for immunocompromised people.
Suddenly, he was afraid and cried bitterly and began to remember his wife.
"Meanwhile, your actions according to the complaint are in violation of Rule 20 of the Meghalaya Services (Conduct) Rules, 2019 and affect the neutrality expected of government servants," the notice said. .
Ma Shanduh said that the kur invites all the members of the kur to attend this meeting to get to know each other.
Shillong, Naitung 20: Former President of the Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Bah Banbuhai Makdoh has joined the BJP along with many supporters at a meeting held at Mawhati today. .
In East Khasi Hills, 27 cases, in West Garo Hills, 27 cases including 6 Armed Forces and 21 civilians, in Ri Bhoi District 23 cases including 2 cases from Myanmar. Armed Forces and 21 civilians, 2 in West Jaintia Hills, 1 in East Garo Hills, 2 in West Garo Hills, 1 in East Garo Hills and 1 in East Jaintia Hills. in the West Khasi Hills.
Ms Pathaw also stood firm on the HNYF's stance on the distribution of food, saying that when the children come home, when they come to school, they say that the teachers, teach to lie and if they come from the political parties or from the office, they should say that they get food every day.
He hoped that these discussed issues would be addressed through follow-up.
“Don't let them live for a single day without sorrow,” he said.
He encouraged the residents of Nonghyllam area that the existence of this Indoor will benefit not only the government programmes, but not only for the households who will use it. to prepare writings or other necessities.
She said that due to the poor condition of the road, it has caused the commercial vehicles to take advantage of the price, but the sad thing is that the students are facing problems because the commercial vehicles. They don't want to go on this bad road.
We are no less than other big cities in India.
Meanwhile, Mawlai started the tournament with a 5-0 victory over Iasnohktilang.
“How can they say that we love the country and the nation, but Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit before he formed the VPP party was a member of the Riewlum party which has the same goal for the country. Who is the UDP, HSPDP who have served the nation for more than 40 years and who is the VPP party? Shano can this lead? said Bah KP Pangniang.
He also served as Vice President of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) from 1991-2
He urged the government especially the Prime Minister, the Principal Secretary and the Minister of Home Affairs to take action to follow up on this issue before the 2023 elections.
The meeting was conducted by Rimiki Pajuh.
However, surprisingly, all these eight witnesses (because one of the witnesses did not come due to lack of information) were investigated by the ADM RS Manner even though the ADM KLNongbri was not authorized.
Sadly, even when I was in the custody of the DSP, there were still people who shot and bombed me.
To ensure the smooth running of the tournament, the Chief Secretary urged the MSOA and the Sports and Youth Affairs Department to look into the needs of the players.
Siddiqui, National General Secretary of the RJD, said that through the passage of the Women's Act, a meeting was held in Muzaffarpur district of Bihar. The law, which will reach Parliament, will be women who cover their hair and then those who wear lipstick.
He said as MDCs they have their own responsibilities and the Council can work with anyone.
:To celebrate the richness of the languages ​​and cultures of India, the School of Humanities, NEHU, Shillong has celebrated a one-day program “under the leadership of Prof. Streamlet Dkhar, Head of the Khasi Department and Chairperson of the Indian Language Committee.
There were 29 people on board, including 15 British nationals, along with 14 crew and security guards.
“The implementation of this is to avoid fraud and errors in taking part in the elections,” he said. selected from a population of 30 lakh.
What is needed now is for the government to take over the land and if there are people working in government departments, if they are involved, there are laws to evict them from the government land.
Phlorosy Dew Secondary School beat Krimwelson Memorial Secondary School 3-0 while Pyndenkenshliah Lower & Upper Primary School beat Mawthong Grass Root Center 8-0
Shillong: On the second day of the U-23 Men's Col CK Nayudu Trophy, Meghalaya, which was close to losing hope, got encouraged once again in the match against Arunachal Pradesh after Swastic Chettri scored 95 runs at MCA Stadium, Polo.
They have to produce their original NFSA cards at the Corona Care Centers at the time of their stay or the documents must be produced within five days to be collected from the home of the patient.
The Congress, which was in power in 2014-18, is no longer in power. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has been formed by the NPP, UDP, HSPDP and PDF. come and support us.
In the dorbar, he spoke on the cooperation between the House, the Government and the Judiciary and briefly briefed on the current situation of covid-19 in the State.
Immediately, on the day of the wedding, she went to church and canceled her husband's marriage certificate, the Zambian Observer reported.
The handover ceremony was attended by the Holy Cross Higher Secondary School, Catholic Church leaders, students and others.
Lyngdoh said the Meghalaya government had sent them to Delhi to pay them T.50 tyngka, but the truth is that even that T.50 tyngka has not been received.
Jesus said to Nicodemus, “Are you a teacher of Israel and know these things?” John 3:1
“If we just sing patriotic songs or unity songs only during the elections, it doesn't make sense,” said Bah Wallam. you have a Reservation Policy.
He said that the film has been completed and all that remains is to apply for the certificate from the Central Board of Film Certification Guwahati.
However, Meghalaya has another law known as the Meghalaya Transfer of Land (Regulation) Act, 1971 to protect the land of the tribals. The law has been amended from time to time to allow foreigners to purchase land.
Referring to the second position of Meghalaya as the poorest state in the Niti Aayog list, the Minister said that the state's position is the second poorest state in the world. shisha, but these are the surveys and observations from 2018-2019, but the report has just been released on these events and trends in 2018-2
Police have conducted a thorough search operation to track down and arrest the drug dealer.
At the same time, they also asked whether the government's plan to set up a Facilitation Center in the area has affected the construction of petrol pumps and large factories in the area. “Kyoto,” asked the leaders.
Why doesn't the government think first of peace and protection of the nation?
A population without access to health and healthcare, without a roof over their heads, women criticized, threatened and beaten.
Daniel wrote this book during his 48 days of travel throughout India and neighboring countries.
She said that if the KHADC holds it again next year, it should ensure that the food items should be traditional food items and not food items that can be obtained from the market.
R Monarch Shabong president MEPA said, “Even the members and leaders of the Sengbhalang who have been involved in this incident, MEPA urges them to investigate such robbers involved in this incident and to punish them so that that such things will not happen again in the future.
There are many cases in the country where the Police detain for weeks and the families do not get any answers.
“How sad we are to hear that many people are now claiming that the Ïing Syiem is the office of the NPP. It is the house of the NPP and the PWD is the living room of the NPP. Do we the people have no right to say anything else to these departments”.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 3: Several youths of Langshongthiang area, one of the villages in Mawshynrut C&RD Block, West Khasi Hills District, have expressed their dissatisfaction with the PMGSY road which has a km 868 meters, which starts from Umdang village to Jaïaw, by alleging that the construction of this road has been too slow, because they said that this road in fact, It has been started since 2018, but until now, not even half of it has been completed.
The President of the Union of Dog Farmers of Mawkyrwat Hat, Bah P. Ramsiej, said that after the issuance of the orders of the High Courts regarding the orders and rules regarding the farmers, The Union of Nongot-doh together with the officers of the district authorities held a special meeting on this issue and unanimously agreed to comply with the directives of the government so that to improve the cleanliness in all areas and also in the meat shops inside Mawkyrwat Market, South West Khasi Hills District.
According to police sources, on Tuesday, these three men had gone to khwai from the river but in the evening when they returned, the two men had waited for him. up on the way back.
The CEM said that the Executive Committee has already sent the documents to the government regarding the land and other documents that can be verified.
It is through this Article or Constitution that as citizens of the country we have the right to freely elect leaders every three years whether to the Legislative Assemblies of the country or to the Legislative Assemblies of the States or other parts.
Jowai: The Dorbar Shnong Namdong A on Tuesday honored Alexander Lyngdoh, the winner of the State Level Arm Wrestling Championship 2022 held at the KJP Assembly Hall. , who is an arm wrestler from Namdong A Village who won the first place in the 70kilo weight category.
Deadpool 3 will be directed by Shawn Levy and released by the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
They also urged the contractor to come and work on this road or send the workers to start the work at this time when there is a shortage of motor vehicles and tourists. into the city.
However, the child has suffered from rhyndang again due to the struggle to eat the food many times.
The lack of water will cause forty kinds of diseases.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The emergence of demon worship in these days has shocked all the people in the state especially the group of various churches.
So far, according to Bah Syiem, police have arrested a man (Khar Assam) from Kamrup, who was the ex-boyfriend of the girl but has broken up with her.
The President of KHNAM State Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah said that the first task of KHNAM as its name is to awaken the nation and it has been on this path for 15 years.
The Government of India admits that there are many households who have their own toilets in many villages in the state.
“Regarding this alliance with the political parties whether before or after the election, we as leaders will have to talk and consult with the AICC leaders. want to work with any political party.
“The government has now approved the safe passage so that we can move forward with the plan to implement the peace talks.
Nongstoin, Naitung 7: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District together with the Rangbah Shnongs, have demanded and given 10 days to the BSC C&C JV to bring back the 14th child. The KSU together with the Rangbah Shnongs have temporarily suspended their decision to take any decision regarding the company.
Shillong: Sixty years ago, Shillong city used to experience only slow winds due to the temperature not exceeding 15-17 degrees but now this has changed dramatically.
It is not the employees who have to fall under the law but the employees who wear neck ties and hold mobile phones and tablets to speak only words to show our brothers and sisters in our own country that we are rich. We don't have any authority in front of foreign companies but we are just ksew to protect foreign companies from being attacked by our brothers and sisters.
H Elias scored the first goal of the match to beat Government Oriental High School 2-0
Thus passed the days for about five months with daily readings and meditations until the time of writing the examination.
Jowai District Presbyterian SS Ialong, RC Eve Secondary School, Mang Hai Ryum Secondary School, Marian Hills Higher Secondary School and Jowai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School have won the Under-17 Boy's of the District Level Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament DSO Jowai at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
Because most of the residents of this village are poor, many of them have been cut off and have been disconnected from the electricity, but even after the electricity has been disconnected, some of them have still received their bills and some have not. .
On Saturday in April, while Kni and Bhalang were on their way to the market, a heavy rain fell.
So far, 38 people have been killed in protests in Myanmar against military rule in the country since the military took power on 1 June
Shillong: The Enforcement Department of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today raided the Swiggi Company in Dhanketi on the grounds that they do not have a license. The EM of KHADC, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said, “After receiving information that Swiggi has been operating without a trading licence, the KHADC has decided to This is illegal to shut down this company.
The arrested were identified as Predikson A. Sangma alias Sin Ara, 32, resident of Ambre Ading, Rongjeng, East Garo Hills. Setbingstar D. Shira, 33, resident of Nongchram Dekmik, East Garo Hills, has been arrested.
My goal is for the Lok Sabha elections, but we must work hard to win the elections in the State in 2022”.
The present leaders have also worked hard until the end but nothing has happened and the struggle continues.
When asked, the SP acknowledged that there are some HNLC workers who have connections and the police will do whatever is necessary to ensure that they do not commit illegal acts.
Shillong: A dumper truck has collided with a truck at Lyngkyrdem, several kilometers from Rngain, while coming from Pynursla on the Shillong-Dawki highway.
Speaking on the occasion, Mark Rinaldy Sawkmie said that the BJP has a strong power in India but during the elections there are those who say that the BJP has insulted them. “Why does such insult to Christians and minorities come only during elections,” asked Rinaldy Sawkmie.
In Delhi, the price of petrol is T.94.23 per liter and diesel is T.85.15 per litre.
If you need anything, please contact me on facebook, phone or whatsapp.
He said that through this meeting with the leaders, they will be able to decide how to act.
The Union urges all the offices in the district and especially in the border areas like Byrnihat, Khanapara, Umsiang, Rani Bari, Umden, Mawlasnai and Patharkhmah, to be vigilant to ensure that there are no violators. Ferdynald K.Kharkamni, said that the laws have been violated at such times.
He was so impressed by the beauty of Meghalaya from the traditional costumes and dances, traditional music, the beauty of Elephant Falls, the beauty of Lawkyntang in Mawphlang that he posted a picture and praised it. state on Twitter.
This puts the State at grave risk and therefore they should be destroyed and eliminated completely.
Due to the increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya, 35 villages east of Wahblei and west of Rwiang River in Mawshynrut Block have been evacuated.
“ Hey Ban! I'll tell you this one, don't delay too much,” said the mother.
In addition, an Inter College Quiz Competition and Seminar on “Enhancing Accountability through Geo-spatial Technology” was held on 24th November in collaboration with the North Eastern Space Applications Center (NESAC), Department of Space.
He has won the Congress ticket to contest the 2019 elections from Mawsynram constituency.
Other vendors of soh, jhur, kwai and tympew have not been allowed to enter the market, but will sell in those places where they used to sit during the lockdown.
After the suspension of the Syiem of Sohra, the KHADC Executive Committee of Bah Teinwell Dkhar came.
The Khasi at that time were impressed by the ships of the Garo who had been destroyed.
“The statement of the state government or of some who claim that the uranium mining in the state has been completed!!! Perhaps it is a ploy to mislead and mislead the people and those who oppose the mining of uranium in order to pave the way for the two lane project as desired by those who intend to mine this mineral.
E.Tariang, I/c District Social Welfare Officer (DSWO), South West Khasi Hills District, said that the spread of drugs has reached the villages and through this platform, we can think of drugs. what are the ways and means to curb the spread of this evil enemy of society.
In terms of the custom of kheiñkur kheiñkha from the mother, there are those who want to pass on to the father or to the husband what should not be stingy.
Read the life of Job to understand.
In West Jaintia Hills, the government has provided assistance to the women who are day laborers by providing them with tyndong shet jingshet and on the other hand, u Pariat urged the women of the district to take advantage of this opportunity. There is also a scheme to build up to four rooms for the poor but in the state this scheme has not been implemented properly.
“We will lodge a complaint against the Rangbah Shnong and the C&RD officials to take action against them according to the law,” he said.
Sadly, even the employees of the C&RD Block ask those who need it, “Are you from the party of the MLA?” If the answer is “Yes”, they are ready to help.
If the State Government does not wake up from its sleep, the time will come when the wells will dry up, the water and rivers will become polluted and will no longer be suitable for use.
Therefore, he could no longer devote his time to journalism, which is why he had to choose between journalism and public service.
Therefore, the KHADC should not invite such leaders from the Seng Khasi to get the approval of the Second Amendment Bill 2018 of the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage. within the Hynniewtrep people because their thoughts are very lynshing.
New Delhi, Jymmang 20: Before entering Parliament for the first time, the Prime Minister, who is yet to take oath, has bowed down to the rules of Parliament, as a sign of respect. jongu, to this special place of public administration.
With this victory, Lajong will face another team from the North East, Aizawl FC on November 10 at 2 pm at the SSA Stadium, Shillong.
Not only that, it was also reported that there was a plan to blow up a bomb in Khyndailad on the 13th of July 2022 and it was on this basis that it was immediately decided to arrest Bah Cherish.
Nongstoin, Naitung 16: In order to provide a better service to the people of West and South West through the news that happens in these two districts, Ksan Rngiew production has launched a weekly newsletter through the The cable network was called “U Kyrwoh News Broadcaster”.
In another semifinal of the Upper Division Football Tournament, Pamtbuh SC beat Syndai Kmaishnong 5-4 on penalties.
Nine people were killed and about 160 injured.
They said that looking at the situation and development works, the condition of the area is not enough to say that they have lived in the 21st century.
According to these leaders, the sport has many opportunities for talented athletes, where other Indian athletes like Sania Mirza, and others have shown well in the sport to the world level.
D.Regulations 2019, to abolish the Account Performance Index, to pay pay scale to all teachers, librarians, DPEs and employees, to stop commercializing the education department, to abolish the Pension Scheme-2004 and demand to involve teachers in the drafting of Education Policy.
In Ri Bhoi, there are two checkpoints for coal trucks, one at Lad Umsaw Umiam and the other at the Weigh Bridge which is now at Umling. Lad Umsaw, but they were not arrested when they reached the Weigh Bridge.
On the other hand, the union also expressed its concern to the Chancellor of USTM for the conduct of interviews on Sunday which is a holy day for Christians and many of the students have to go to churches or services.
The health expert said the best diet for strengthening and maintaining blood pressure is low in refined carbohydrates, sugar and processed foods. .
I want to see that Meghalaya will have only one strong national party,” said Bah Renikton.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, Bah Pateng Marsing, President of HANM Ri Bhoi, in the presence of other members of the HANM, said that it is deeply saddened by what happened in Iongkhuli. He said that the reason why Assam has dared to cross the border with Meghalaya is not only the recently discovered Iongkhuli village, but there are many Khasi villages on the border with Assam. They have suffered such a harassment by the Assam Police.
Jagan should not continue as prime minister even for a minute because he cannot stop these attacks,” Naidu said while speaking at a TDP rally at NTR Bhavan. Hyderabad.
The audition and semi final will be held online and the final will be held at Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Mairang on 11th October
Many people don't know much about the different types of leaders because only a few have had the opportunity to study in colleges and universities especially in political science. .
According to the family members of the 23-year-old girl, the authorities in charge of the hospital did not show the report and took her away. The patient was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) from the 17th to the 22nd where even the doctors did not visit the health of the girl.
Many times, the election issues have turned into mere talk in the desert, in the desert and the same election issues that have been around for 50 years, have appeared again today, even in fact, they should have been and new ones shall be brought forth, when the old shall be done away.
In the final between Nongkhroh and Sohphoh, Sohphoh beat Sohphoh 2-0 goals. The goals were scored by Sumar Suting in the 8th minute and Lovingstar. Shooting for 34 minutes.
We are happy that the people have now been able to travel especially during the rainy season through the initiative of the MLA. took immediate action without further delay.
“The people should understand that it is not the government that has banned coal mining in the state and if the government says it will lift the ban on coal mining it will be wrong because the ban is from the court and The belief that the government will reopen is wrong and cannot do so,” he said.
Speaking to the people, Ardent said that if the talks are not successful as demanded by the VPP, he will not leave the place where he has held the strike.
Maitshphrang FC managed to stop the attempts of Young Boys FC and took a 1-0 lead by the end of the first half.
The song was attended by Phira Dohtdong, Wenzy Myrchiang, Pynskhem Dohtdong, Baia Sohtun, Melisha Shylla, Rikashisha Warjri and Meda Syiemlieh.
Referring to these cases of violation of the rules, the department today said that it is deeply concerned about these programs and said that the Cable Television Networks ( Regulation Act, 1995 and the provisions of this Act.
Together we will make the 37th National Games a memorable event, a symbol of unity and a milestone for the future of sports in India.
The deaths are from EKH: 17, WJH: 03, WGH: 01, EJH: 01 and WKH: 02 The increase in the number of cases comes after 811 new cases were confirmed.
“In my career as an MLA I have seen that many MLAs have been involved in the distribution of schemes but know that the scheme belongs to the people and not to the MLA and the job of the MLA is to make laws and to “It's a good idea to advocate for the welfare of the people and not just to be the distributors of schemes,” said Bah Eugeneson.
I would also like to congratulate the team of Bah Shibor Wahlang and all those who took part in this walk,” he added.
The Minister of Electricity also informed that there is a proposal to improve another electricity project at Wah Umïam.
Also present at the program were P.Toi, Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women and DD Shira, Director of Social Welfare. Presentation of the Report on the Report of the Exploratory Study on the Socio Economic Status and Problems of Single Mothers in Meghalaya.
And we say that the legislators are busy overthrowing the government instead of spending time in governing the state.
Speaking to U Nongsaiñ Hima, Mainu expressed her happiness to be back in the sport and to have the opportunity to lead the State again in this sport.
Alison also coached Shillong Lajong in the 2018-19 season before being relegated from the I-League.
Laloo said that some of the people who leave during the quarantine period and even those who have not received their test reports leave to participate. you endanger other people.
Those who are in the Opposition are critical of the work done by the Ruling Party.
He said that they have to know everything and the agreement is to provide some electricity to the State.
He said that the Congress leaders themselves have been involved in the plot . The TDP leader has admitted that YSR Congress member YS Jaganmohan Reddy has been granted bail in connection with the arrest of YSR Congress member YS Jaganmohan Reddy Corruption is something that the Congress and YSR have hidden that they have an understanding between them.
In the meeting with the Director, KHNAM found that it is true that the government has tried many times to give 18 acres of land to the Air Force for the construction of the Air Force. a golf course on the property for its employees.
We need the songs of development to come.
However, if the union finds that there are those who oppose, whether from the Veterinary Department or Nongkhaii, the union will take other stronger measures.
Mynsngat FC will play against Mookyndur FC at 2 pm tomorrow.
(13th Finance Commission Award 2016-17).
Referring to the demand for a committee of inquiry into the incident, Malgniang said it would be better to send an inquiry to the CBI if we hand over to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) to do this. .
On the other hand, the union urges the government to punish those involved in this murder by putting them under the provisions of the Murder Act and to demand that the government should get justice for them. The union strongly condemns the government for this shooting death of our brothers and sisters, as the union which has been looking after the welfare of our brothers and sisters since 10, 15 years ago and the union has already demanded from the government to set up a police out post in the border areas.
The plan of the HITO and MPSO to close the toll gate has failed due to the early arrival of the District Administration of Ri Bhoi, where they have been able to talk to the leaders of these two organizations. .
Shillong: U Bah PN Syiem, Spokesperson of the Congress party, on Tuesday said that he cannot say anything yet on the absence of Congress MLAs from the meeting to discuss the border issue. The Chief Minister of the State today.
It may be recalled that the Waheh Chnong of Jalaphet, Wom Chyrmang, has already given permission to the Hard Coke Factory for the construction of a coal mining factory in the village. opposed the approval, so he decided to withdraw his approval.
The demand of the union is on the basis of protecting the people of Riwar area from the Corona Virus (CoVID 19).
Drivers are requested to respect and thank the Traffic Drivers and Volunteers who have been placed at their parking lots for the safety of all the devotees. not to disturb those who come to the meeting.
“So I feel it is my duty to do something to ensure that the Government of India will provide information and clarity whether it is true or not.
Jowai, Jymmang 13: Rymbai Iawpynsing SC and Ladthalaboh SC on Saturday became the winners of the Meghalaya State League (MSL) 2023, Jowai Zone. King of Jowai Stadium.
But these things happen in this age of plaque destruction.
Jowai, July 3: The bridge over the Um Suwai River in East Jaintia Hills, which is located on the Wah-Kmai-Um road, has put the residents of Musniang Rangad Road (WMR Road) in grave danger. The bridge can collapse or fall into the river at any time even after complaints from the residents from time to time but the PWD department has remained silent without doing anything.
According to the union leader, during the discussion between the union and the DC on this issue, the DC also promised to issue an order to revoke the order first. .
Shillong: The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) today suspended its meeting with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, as he was not in the city.
Besides the public protest, there were also many speeches from many of the residents, who said that if the government does not listen to the issue, they will not hesitate to hold a public protest or sit-in.
SWKH lost their first match in Ri-Bhoi.
We need to change our thinking so that we do not become enslaved to ourselves.
The first meeting was held on the 6th of this month in Melbourne, Australia and through this meeting a Memorandum of Understanding was signed between Avenues, Meghalaya and the Young Change Agents.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also in charge of the Urban Development Department, said that although the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has approved the blueprint of the Government, they still want to to have some exceptions.
Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP, while explaining to the people of Nongstoiñ on the strong foundations of the party, reminded that the opposition of the VPP MLAs to the Hindi speech of the Governor of State in the Legislative Assembly, saying that the VPP MLAs are not just opposed without knowing the law.
Meban Talang and Sambun Dkhar were arrested on 21st October and 10 days after their arrest, the body of Pynkhreh Surong was found in the forest at Pommura which falls under the jurisdiction of Mawryngkneng Police Station.
Jahan, 29, was married to Nikhlin Jain, a trader, in Bodrum, Turkey.
During the visit to the Financial Literacy Camp at Rymbai, the Minister also talked to the beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), MGNREGA (Job Card), Pradhan Minister Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY), Pradhan Mantri MUDRA Yojana and other schemes from the Central Government.
About 75% of the customers are also satisfied with the offers of the banks and having any advance payment for their purchases makes it easier for them and benefits them.
Such incidents happen all the time inside the Nongstoin PO and most of the postmen or delivery persons of the PO Nongstoin don't go but they just call and say they will come and pick it up immediately or then we put it in the shop. he even.
Shillong, November 01: Meghalaya and the world today celebrated the prevention of HIV/AIDS at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong through various programs to raise awareness among the public on the prevention of HIV/AIDS. , who has not been able to treat it.
As the country's best athlete, also known as PK, he led the national team at the Olympic Games in Rome in 1960 and has also enjoyed the success of his career. He was a player before he took over as manager of the team where the team has experienced many successes.
The complaint is against the destruction of witnesses to the death of Bah Marbaniang such as the destruction of clothes, the cleaning of blood at the scene and others.
In this regard, the union is concerned that these days people do not respect even the village leaders.
The death toll in Maharashtra has risen to 110, followed by 33 in Madhya Pradesh, 19 in Gujarat and 13 in Delhi.
Regarding the Church, he said that he has already informed the Synod of his decision to contest this election as an honor although he does not need to ask permission from it.
Because according to the findings of the union, this famous road, has been destroyed and badly damaged.
Nongpoh: Heavy rainfall in Nongpoh, Nongpoh, has caused severe flooding in Umlyngkdait village and many households have been affected by the floods. shah affected severely eh.
Not only that, the union also said that it has caused problems to the school children and especially to the sick and there are also heavy vehicles which have stopped on this road just because of the collapse and damage to this road. Street.
Tens of thousands of chickens have died in chicken farms in Barwala, Haryana, for unknown reasons.
Similarly, the HSPDP has appointed other candidates in Rambrai and Nongkrem after its MDCs resigned with the Congress from Sohiong.
She also warned others that if they continue to play chess, she will take strict action according to the law.
Regarding the funeral of Father Sylvanus Sngi tomorrow, 30th June, police have arranged a vehicle to take his body from Sacred Heart, Mawlai to Laitumkhrah Cathedral and to the cemetery at Nongrimaw. All vehicles should park at St. Anthony's Stadium, Don Bosco Technical School, across Jacob's Ladder Road, Stephan Hall, between Shillong College and St. Mary's School and at Dhankheti Parking Lot.
In the lack of understanding of poetry, I don't have anything to say that these two verses are misleading.
This has also affected the ambulances carrying patients and they have had to move slowly due to the poor condition of the road.
A Maruti Brezza used to transport the drugs was seized by the team, the statement said.
Sanki started raising fish by going to look for Ngap's mother in the forest.
The Sengbhalang leaders are still waiting for a clarification from the government, as they have already written to the DC and DMHO since the second day of this month, why they have to carry the rightful items to the MCH Hospital Nongstoiñ.
“We would like to express our special gratitude to Bah Hamlet for providing this new school building in our village,” said the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Kibarsing Kharkongor.
We have been on hunger strike for 13 days and will continue until we receive good news.
Mission Shakti has two sub-schemes, Sambal and Samarthya.
They said that there is a police station where the police don't want to wear uniform anymore and only one langrut wears uniform and then they fine the vehicles, without forgiving the vehicles carrying patients, they also want to lock out; It is better that the government should send them first.
Although the Dorbar Dalariti has tried to ban those who fight for fatherhood, it can no longer ban the Christian brothers.
A public meeting was held at Muthong under the chairmanship of the Rangbah Shnong, Helping Phawa.
Hundreds of people including children, youth, mothers and fathers as well as Rangbah Shnongs from different villages of Patharkhmah area came out to express their deep sorrow over the death of the victim. At the same time, they expressed their anger against the bloodthirsty people who dared to take the life of this 10-year-old boy. age and who does not know good and evil and right and wrong.
“We feed the children every day during the break,” said Kong Chen.
“After the election, I went to live in Nongkrem constituency because I promised the people that if I win or lose I will not leave you.
“This is wrong, I want to clarify that I have nothing to do with Bah Process,” said Bah Pathaw.
It is a fact that education in the whole of Meghalaya has declined or has not been able to keep pace with the times.
On the other hand, Bah Ernest Mawrie expressed his gratitude to the CRPF for their cooperation with the Dorbar Shnongs and the residents in order to maintain peace and order in the villages and to Nongpoh, Lber 30: As part of the CRPF's opening ceremony, the school children have spent time in the four corners of the classrooms. , Umpathaw Secondary School today started the 3 day sports tournament for the students from children to adults which is also an opportunity for the children to showcase their sports talents. that don't.
Speaking to reporters, Bah TS Warjri, Sordar of Markasa Village, West Khasi Hills, said that due to the increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the state, the The Dorbar Shnong has decided to postpone the Markasa Market Day which should have been held on the 6th June 2021 until further notice. also to all the market dwellers and market vendors of Markasa.
It may also be a clear sign that it is difficult for him to deceive, as he used to do, every five years.
These include Boxing, Football, Arm Wrestling, Karate and others.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya BJP has expressed its regret over the appointment of Tonu Dey as Advisor to the two District Councils in the state.
The Framework Agreement (FA) was signed on July 3, 2015 between the Government of India and the National Socialist Council of Nagalim (NSCN). work until these days.
The competitions included smartphone photography, digital photography and handmade poster making competition and these competitions were attended by various schools and colleges.
“The audition will be selected directly for the semifinal,” said the President, Samla K.Rymbai.
The ban on Pakistani film stars from coming to India has affected them especially since they have started to appear in the film industry in this country.
Besides the awards to the finalists, the Association also distributed awards to the taxi drivers who have been able to clean their vehicles and also those who have given services to the public. in service and also to the oldest Driver still serving in public transport.
Shillong, July 8: U Bah AL Hek, former Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, has been appointed as the Chairman of the Meghalaya Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC). Martin M Dango, Chairman of MIDC, was previously held by Martin M Dango and after being appointed as Minister of PWD, he was handed over to Bah Hek.
Meanwhile, the leader of the Women's Wing Dr MPR Lyngdoh said that Dr Kalam is a visionary and wants to see India a rising country in the world.
Turks and Arabs of the former Ottoman Empire died 771,8
However, the Medical Superintendent of Ganesh Das Hospital, Dr WM Kharluki, said that such incidents happen because most of the parents of the children do not have the information to take them to the Emergency Ward. and they came to the house of the LORD.
Shillong, July 18: “Don't accept those who corrupt, India must end corruption”, said the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan while speaking as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the Indian Conference. National Youth Week celebrated at Raj Bhavan.
When asked how they pay for their house and how much it costs, some of them said that in Themetor, a small house costs less than T.4,000 per month and this cost is similar to others. the village.
After examining the photographs showing the excessive deterioration of the NH-6, the judges including Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice B Bhattacharjee said, “This is not the case. It is unacceptable in a country that is clear and it is a shame that the court has to remind the central government agency like NHAI of its duties and responsibilities.
Hadrian replied, "Thank you sir.
Today, it was seen that at that place, at the statue of Kiang Nangbah, there was a bomb blast and this time the chaos has become worse because the people have thrown stones and bilor at the police. The police, on the other hand, opened fire on the crowd with unprepared tear gas and after that it was seen that the police beat the crowd and some of them were able to bomb and tied.
Seven people were killed in the shooting including four villagers from Mukroh and one Forest Guard of Assam.
On the statement of Bah Shylla in the past few days that Nongkrem has become a President Rules, Bah Hubert said that it was not so but Bah Ardent He welcomes the people morning and evening to enter his house and he still has only one phone number that the people used to call.
Shillong, July 02: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has demanded that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should send the old Village Administration Bill to the Governor without amending Section 5 of the Village Administration Bill. bill.
The unemployment rate is about 0.046% per year (if 1,500 jobs are created).
The road which was clean last year has now been completely destroyed and only mawria and shyiap have appeared.
There will be 9,000 Congress members who will take part in the polling.
He said that the KHADC will allocate funds to clean up the rivers in Shillong and has directed the villages and himas to enforce the curfew in all the villages. KHADC will send a letter to the government on how to ban the use of plastic.
When they stopped the vehicle, they found that the driver and others inside the vehicle were drunk.
The management of Lumshken Step-Up Upper Primary School, Lumshken on Thursday honored two students from Lumshken who have passed well in their studies.
“There is a committee to examine the dulir from all the states of Assam and Meghalaya,” he said.
He said that prostitution has started to increase in Shillong and if encouraged it will cause problems, therefore he asked for their cooperation to curb crime.
Only those who have scored 75 percent or above in SSLC and HSSLC, Graduate 60% or above, Master 60% or above, Professional Course including MBBS, Lawyer, Engineering and others will be awarded.
The winners were Ribhalin Marbaniang (52kg) and Obadiah Kelphung (52kg).
Furthermore, the residents informed that there has been a road collapse in Mawshuit area due to the heavy rainfall, where the roads are no longer suitable for traffic and the residents have had to walk.
The slaughterhouse in Mawlai can slaughter about 160 large animals, 240 pigs and 240 small animals such as goats per day.
The HSPDP MLAs went only to support the formation of the government, but did not join the party at all to the NPP. The loss is to the people of the Constituency as a whole.
He said that the KSU will continue to strongly oppose the CAA 2019 and the KSU will not surrender to the CM.
Dr. SK Mandal, Chief Medical Officer, Central Chhattisgarh, said that the doctor was arrested from his relatives' house after he fled. Dr Mandal said that Dr. Gupta has performed the abortion of 80 children in just six hours, which is against the government's directive that doctors should not perform the abortion. more than 30 per day.
The election of the new District President was held at the office of the Ribhoi Farmers Union.
What is more dangerous is that many of the things that come on the smartphone are YouTube news without fact-checking the YouTube administrators have quickly removed the news just to I don't know why, but now the news has become a commodity.
According to the report, there have been about 58,000 cases of rape reported in the past six months from the two hospitals Dr Ram Manohar Lohia and Safdarjung. Hospital.
This insect can be killed by spraying with a chemical made as follows: Dissolve 4 drops of soap in about 10 gallons of boiling water, then pour about 2 gallons of alcohol.
" The mother agreed. While the father was sitting on the stick, the mother went back to Rida's bedroom to call her for food.
“This is very sad.
The office bearers of HYC Mawshynrut Circle for the term 2022 to 2025 are Losbingwel Lyngkhoi, Vice President, Aurelius Nongsiej, Phersngi Nongbri, General Secretary and Marbani. and others.
Upon receiving the information, the union immediately tried to track down the suspect but unfortunately no trace could be found.
Kyrmen LA has won the 2023 elections.
BENEFITS OF EXERCISE PHYSICAL EXERCISE:— Rest and relaxation of the body occurs immediately in all people especially when there is a lot of trouble and this leads to reluctance to talk to people at such times. you are angry and you are angry.
In the first division football tournament, Nangbah Iawmusiang beat Demthring 1-1
Therefore, they will strive to resolve this issue before the end of
Speaking to media, Titostarwell said that they will have to meet again to discuss the matter.
The Angel looked at the Heavenly Register and said to him, “Get out of here because your name is not in this register and you came to this earth.
In this regard, the union has vowed that if the government does not withdraw the BSF from the area, they will take strong action.
Shillong, June 5: The Jowai-Ladrymabai Tourist Taxi Drivers Association (JLKTTA) has issued Identity Cards (ID) to all tourists from the 10th of this month. all drivers under the JLKTTA.
The government doesn't need any documents to show to Assam to acquire these land,” said Dr Donkupar.
Yadav said the agreement was inside the temple and therefore there was no intention to cheat or cheat and hoped that the money would be used for the benefit of the temple. the whole village.
Shillong/Jowai, Nailar 07 : The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today launched the vaccination campaign for children under five years of age who have not yet received vaccination and also for poor mothers. Intensified Mission Indradhanush 5.0 (IMI 5.0) across the state.
When asked whether the Council will hold talks with the Government on this issue, Bah Titos said that all the MDCs will be invited to hold talks and he has recently heard that the Government will hold talks perhaps this month.
It is worth mentioning that there are many markets in Jowai including chor, shyiap and thymme, but the problem is that these markets have become crowded.
Speaking to media after the meeting, UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh said that the Reservation Policy is an issue that has been discussed by many groups to look into it. The UDP has also included it in its manifesto.
Here too, you will be opposed as you were in Umsning.
The earthquake was felt at about 3:11 a.m. and about 116.5 areas around the city could still feel the quake that day.
P.B.S[continued] “I'm still waiting,” replied the soldier.
Meanwhile, no injuries or casualties were reported in the second shooting.
It is therefore necessary that they learn the way of speaking (or grammar).
Speaking to media, the Executive Member of KHADC, TW Chyne, said that the Council strongly opposes the Central Government's proposal to introduce the CAB and will take a final decision in the dorbar tlang. to oppose this.
According to media reports, the Trained Nurses Association of India (TNAI) Shillong Branch together with the TNAI Shillong Branch and Meghalaya Branch have launched a campaign against the incident. expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden loss of one of the fighting troops while the state is still in the middle of the battlefield to fight against this disease. The Meghalaya Nurses Association has also sent its condolences to the family of Kong Manisha Turnia who has had to face this heartbreaking incident. that they may have peace in their souls.
Former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has returned as an MLA from Songsak by defeating NPP candidate Nihim D Shira by 372 votes.
Even the money collected during the COVID-19 pandemic has not been paid to those who are entitled to pay as promised.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District (JHTOA) on Monday has given the factories until 9th ​​November to finalize and implement the price of dewbilat.
These and others who were allowed to be killed died, starved, poor, miserable, and no one remembered them.
According to a source, the suspect was identified as Stasius Iawphniaw from Mawsaw village in South West Khasi Hills. Hills District.
Other speakers included Diana Roy Tongper, Psychiatric Social Worker and Dr E. Dann, Medical and Health Officer who conducted the meeting.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting today approved to increase the salary of workers after four years.
The Holy Spirit has no place, Inside they are filled with demons; We see also through their deeds, They are Christians only in name.
You will find and understand if you are smart enough to go to the mountains.
They urged the people not to think that the Congress has abandoned the people or forgotten them, but intends to bring back once again the leaders and workers who have the leadership of the region and the nation as a whole.
They have settled down and many of them have received EPIC to vote, Aadhar Card, Ration Card and others.
After the arrival of the district authorities, they also talked to the union leaders to resolve the huri hura at the tax collection point due to the non-payment of salary to the woman working at the tax collection point.
Although there were up to 5 khwai vehicles, which went to tan the truck, it was learned that it took about 12 hours, because these Khwai vehicles, started tanning from 3 pm. They were able to pull the truck until 2 pm on Monday morning.
“It is because of the hard work of the government to remind the state government that the Supreme Court has issued its judgment to confirm what the government has shown to the Supreme Court that the mineral resources in the “The state belongs to the land owners and the land owners have the right to dig or dig them,” he said.
Those who pass from Rural Areas will be only those who have scored 70%.
The Business Advisory Committee (BAC) of the House today approved these dates.
The rank of ministers in the tenure of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma is equal to that of muster roll workers,” he said while speaking at a meeting of the UDP East Khasi Hills on Thursday.
Sohryngkham also scored their first goal through Winster Kharpran in the 63rd minute. Sohryngkham FC struggled to score but Pomlahier scored again. Pynbhalang Marngar scored the third and final goal to secure the quarter final in the 90+4 minutes.
Speaking to media, CEM Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said, “The development works in Umpling village are not recent but since I was an MLA I have been able to introduce many projects. scheme and sanction has been received since November last year including the JJM water scheme worth T.37 crore, the road scheme worth T.6 crore for the construction of and strengthening of these existing roads of PWD Roads and there are also new roads as well.
We say what we have to say during elections, because that is the way elections are and we contest elections in this way, but when the people have made their decision, they expect us to be responsible leaders and to take forward the state,” he said.
There are 4,496 confirmed cases and 1,195 deaths.
She also invited former KSU leaders to come and participate.
The complaint to the DC's office came after he did not believe the union's request to remove the EPIC ID and other documents using the kur.
On the other hand, Bikram D. Marak, Superintendent of Police West Khasi Hills, Hubert Kharkongor, MPS Additional Superintendent of Police, Steven Kharmyndai, Officer Incharge of Nongstoin Police Station, Wanñiang Officer. Incharge Women Police in charge of Crimes against Women & Children together with a team and others.
The Minister said that the Public Health Engineering Department has received a large amount of funds from the JJM and EAP, which has reached nearly T.8000 crore.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will hold a special session on the 9th of November to elect a new Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) after the resignation of Teilinia Thangkhiew.
“Police have sufficient evidence of their involvement in many illegal activities in these areas,” said SP City Bah Vivek Syiem.
There is no cure for this disease; but as far as possible, such diseased branches should be selected in the field (rogue) and thrown away or burned, so that they do not spread the disease.
Speaking to media on 3rd July 2021, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the number of students who have reached the age of 18 years and above who have already submitted their tickets Up to 50% of the respondents were very excited because this is one of the ways to know and see when colleges in the state will be able to reopen.
“The Urban Department will provide the names of the damaged vehicles, to sell them and transport them within 10 days,” said Bah Lambor.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes, has declared a house in Jowai as a containment area so that the health department can complete contact tracing to curb the spread of COVID-1
The decision will be sent to NIDA for approval.
At the same time, the Minister hoped that through the arrest of these robbers, peace and order will be restored as the law will take strong action against those who violate the law.
“There is no doctor in Tura.
They had guards over their houses.
Three Palestinians were shot dead by Israeli troops in parts of the West Bank on Tuesday, the Palestinian health ministry said on Tuesday.
However, the government also needs to pay attention in this regard to encourage and motivate the youth to learn, train and develop them in sports.
The man identified himself as a British Airways pilot, she told police.
Members of the HYC today arrested Radhe Shyam Ram at 2:30 pm.
The death toll has risen to 1,5
Furthermore, under the leadership of Kong Handakaru Ïakai, Headteacher, the Fit India Pledge was read out with the participation of all.
But television, tapes, and mobile phones are not yet available.
On the 7th November 2022, a check of 7 lakh tyngka was handed over to the family members of Pukan N Marak who is still alive from Nengkhra and the deceased is Sengsrang R Marak of Damra. Trawin R Marak and Bolkinggre, DImsi M Sangma and Rangmalbadim and Chekamchi M Sangma and Balsrigittim.
The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has once again faced a rock after the residents of Nartiang Elaka have robbed three trucks of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) which were planning to dump garbage at Thadmusem on Monday. .
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, today announced that those who have been infected with corona virus and those who are staying in hospitals run by the state government, will have to pay T.380 per day and this will come into force from 15th March
The total number of recoveries has risen to
It is also surprising that during the inspection by these Sengbhalang leaders, not a single resident of the village came out of the damaged house. Even the officials of the Hima Nongspung did not come out.
“Assam has the right to get a higher share as a large state and Sikkim should not ask for more as a small state.
Afterwards, the Club honored all the Rangbah Shnongs and the Cricket Team which won the First Division title in 2019 and the Football Team which came second. in the First Division and includes sportsmen and office bearers of the Club.
The union would like to express its gratitude to the District Administrative Officers, SP Offices, Health Departments and Police Out Posts during these hours. The Government of India has announced a curfew/lockdown for 21 days from midnight on 24.03.2020 until further notice.
He said that the child arrived at NEIGRIHMS Hospital at 2:00 pm along with his parents and the driver. you are positive for Covid-1
Due to the lack of jobs and to try to stand on their own feet and support their families, the people are trying to work at night by opening food shops to support their families even if it is in Khyndai Lad lane. in Laitumkhrah or elsewhere.
Danggo won the 2018 election from the Congress party but six months later he left the Congress party and joined the National People's Party.
Other candidates who won the election include former Umsning MLA Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh who received 9907 votes and UDP candidate U Sunshine Makri received 8743 votes.
Shillong: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF-CB) today honored its former leader Ma Brightstar Chyrmang at its headquarters in Mookyrdup, Jowai.
The Big Boss 13, which will start on 29th November 2019, will attract many celebrities, although the participants are not yet known.
The Kharshai Sub-Health Center is located on the border of Meghalaya and Assam. The Sub-Health Center provides health services to 16 villages on the border with Assam including Kharshai. , Mawpun, Nongspung, Ukiam, Borkhuli, Doledonga, Warigro, Hasem, Umthli, Umdiengsier, Umdiengphiang, Talimara, Mawdiangkop, Dariphang, Umbah, Umkhamdor and Patharphlang.
Speaking on the occasion, Kharbuli said the Congress will never cooperate with the BJP either in the state or in India.
At present, we have found it very difficult to operate in this area, because all the education departments, from the staff and officers from the District School Education Officers, Joint Directors, SSA employees and RMSA is the same.
A little about the Shad Sukra and Pastieh festivalsThis Shad Sukra festival has been held in Jaintia Hills since ancient times. From October to June, the Seiñ Raij Tuber started with the Ryngkaw Kñia and then on the Hat (Market Day) or Kyllaw, the Ryngkaw Kñia was completed. Thousands of Seiñ Raij Tuber members should not go to work on this day, the Lyngdoh, the Lyngdoh, the Wasan all on this day is their Sabbath and on this day the At midnight, the Lyngdoh and the Wasan perform the Shathoh kñia at about 1 pm. This kñia is performed at the Iung Blai Lyngdoh in Tuberkmai Shnong. In the evening, the Priest takes the seed and plants it in the field as a sign that the Priest has completed the sowing. you dance Friday.
Guwahati: A bomb exploded at an army camp in Lichubari, Jorhat, Assam on Friday evening.
Prof Lakhon said that almost all the teachers from NEHU Shillong Campus, Tura Campus and affiliated colleges have sent letters to the VC to convene a meeting of the Academic Council.
“Political parties should support together to get recognition and I am confident that if all political parties support together we will get stronger support even though we are a small state because we have only two states. MP," she added.
However, many village shops in the neighborhoods and areas are open on this day.
Other complaints include 'The illegal passing of drivers which causes traffic jam, the illegal parking of vehicles, and the illegal parking of vehicles which has caused traffic jam. public transport especially in the morning.
The Minister in charge of Information & Public Relations, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on 22nd October, told the Legislative Assembly that T.29.44 lakh has been spent for the purpose of information and dissemination through videos. YouTube in the last part of the financial year 2022-2
Like the stars of heaven Sohra, the time of our life now, reminds us all, to strengthen our being, our actions, in this time that is passing, and in the future. over the nation.
He said that the CEM has been advised to hold meetings from time to time and to invite the Syiem of Hima Khyrim.
Enoch and Elijah did not die, but were transferred by God from this earth to heavenly places for His own eternal purpose during that 42 months.
The union has given 24 hours to the Deputy Commissioner's office to issue a written explanation on the environmental clearance of Star Cement from Delhi. groups opposed to mining the area.
Speakers at the meeting were Enbin Kharraswai, NPYF State Youth President Kitborlang Nongrem and H. Stalyne Diengdoh.
With this victory, Nongrim Hills SC will face Karbi Anglong on the 26th.
Shillong, March 31: The Government of Meghalaya today appointed Dr SB Singh as the interim Director General of Police (DGP) following the retirement of SK Jain.
Shillong: A freelance journalist named Biplab Dey has been shot dead by robbers on the 23rd of July at 10:30 pm.
However, when the results of the MLA elections were released, it was another decision of the people of Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
The Health Geo Web Portal has been developed by NESAC in collaboration with DHS(MI), using satellite technology for the entire state.
India are scheduled to compete in the Asia Cup in November-November, followed by the ODI World Cup at home in March-November.
Nongpoh: U Shanbor Rympei, Ri Bhoi, has been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police, after a complaint was lodged against him by his family members, on charges of rape. of her 11-year-old daughter.
Media reports said that if the HSPDP reaches the border to talk about expelling these two candidates, there will be a heated argument between the party leaders from West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills. Hills.
The proposal not to implement the CAB in some parts of the country shows that the government has to provide little service to the people of the North East due to the release of the CAB in some parts of the country. Some of these parts are meaningless and do not bring any restriction on the entry of mynder.
However, it is only the inability that they have to get out of the pla to save themselves from the disease and injury.
If there are any families who have been in trouble and are in dire need, the organization is ready to help such families, but to know the needs of all the organization cannot, but if there are “The KSU urges those families to meet with the KSU leaders and members, so that the KSU can take the necessary action,” he added.
The JSM office was established on Saturday at Niriang village, Thadlaskein Block, West Jaintia Hills District.
This took a lot of effort to fill that void.
I am one of those who like it very much, because I get a bill of 300 or 350 per month, but I am equal to the one who pays 50 or 100 per month.
The goalkeeper of Laitkor Rngi SC, who also took part in the Women's League 2023 organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA), has been selected by the former Indian footballer, Bhaichung Bhutia to receive further training at the Bhaichung Bhutia Football Schools.
The old age has passed and now comes an age that is easier and brighter.
Taking part in the debate in the Budget Session on Monday, Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said that the government's inability to implement the Mines and Minerals Policy (MMP), In 2012, the NGT had banned the mining of dew iong in the state.
Kloi Rasmut (38) scored the first goal.
The seminar was attended by experts from all over the country and presented their papers. The seminar was also attended by the Minister of Education Rakkam A Sangma and Prof. NEHU Shillong campus.
He said that the party does not want to oppose any of the candidates, but will accept all the candidates who want to apply for tickets from the Congress, as he said that many candidates need to apply for tickets. that the organization will be seen by those who are more qualified and have the prospect of success.
Rock on 2 will star Arjun Rampal and Akthar, and will also feature Ek Villain actress Ritesh Sidhwani, who co-produced the film with Akhtar. He tweeted that the film will be shot in Shillong.
The HYC Education Cell SWKHD has requested the Deputy Commissioner to take action on the issue of drugs and to include it in the textbooks of schools and colleges in the district.
However, all the hard work and struggle turned into nothing in an instant when the robbers came to steal the two or four shaka.
They are on a journey, according to the wishes of Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, who wants them to return home and the Art of Living initiative has been taken. 68 refugees have been arrested in Manipur.
Shillong: Although there has been a clash between the police and the opposition groups, most of the opposition groups are civil society groups from East Jaintia Hills District, in connection with the public hearing in Lumshnong. M/S Meghalaya Cement LTD (Topcem) has been successful.
The check was handed over to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth IAS at his office in the presence of Tbn.
Kim said the authorities in charge of the area have been irresponsible and have not done anything to prevent the severe damage to the area since the incident. to the understanding in the branches of the heavenly bodies.
Shillong, June 22: The residents of Mawpat village are now expecting to get more drinking water after the completion of the Rs 28 crore water supply project.
In East Garo Hills, 8 cases have been confirmed and in East Jaintia Hills, 4 cases.
On the other hand, Bosewell Khongthorem has lodged a complaint against the Syiem of Khyrim Hima, Dr Balajied Sing Syiem and the Sordar of Rangnah, Acting Rangbah Shnong, Nobelstar Khonglar. to take part in the election of the new Rangbah Shnong on the 21st July
Dr War said 16 places have been placed under Micro Containment Areas while 2 places including the BSF camp at Umpling and Mawpat are still under containment areas.
Police said the body was taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for postmortem and doctors were able to complete the postmortem examination.
In fact, 10 political parties had planned to hold a rally after the rally from Motphran, but they decided to stop after receiving a letter from the government calling for discussion on the 29th.
Samla Nongrum from the Education Cell of the KSU said that the Registrar should look into the marks of the students so that there will be no more marks. The difficulty for the students in this struggle to produce the results.
However, he said that the visit of the Congress chief in charge of the state yesterday has made him think a lot about the desire to change the leadership of the Congress party in the state. Earlier, the number of those who opposed was high but now it has decreased from 18 to 14 but now there are only 14.
Expensive school uniforms, besides one school uniform, other school uniforms have to be sent on different days set by the school principals, expensive books, bookplates. It is no longer possible to carry those plates that were carried in the past ninety-five years, but only those plates that have been sent properly, and there are schools that have issued a law that does not carry plates. You must purchase from a school without writing the name of the school.
However, no one saw him fleeing the scene.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra (VBSY) is underway in Meghalaya with residents from different blocks taking part in IEC vans.
When you look at this tower, you can see that it has started to collapse and it is no longer as strong as it used to be and this will pose a threat if it collapses at any time especially now that the rainy season has started. KSU Ranikor Circle General Secretary Oristar Langte said in a statement that the incident occurred at around 10:30 pm local time.
Members are both men and women.
Police have appealed to the public not to take the law into their own hands and stop getting involved in such incidents.
He said that as in Shillong, the department will also invite the Syiems, Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars and Chiefs of West and South West Khasi Hills to explain to them that they should reduce the number of to issue NOC to foreigners.
He was speaking after the KHADC together with Magistrates and Police Chiefs as well as the Hima Mylliem visited the entire Ïewduh and also the parking lot at Khlieh Ïewduh run by the state government.
Officials of the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) have arrested a 70-year-old man on charges of smuggling nearly 10 grams of heroin. kg of rice worth T.70 crore in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
He said that as the organization in charge of the welfare of the district, it is deeply concerned about the increasing number of people who smuggle kyiad pyrsi from Sohiong to Umsning, because it is through of such alcoholic beverages, which leads many young people to become addicted to these alcoholic beverages, especially which also affects the society.
At the same time, Sohra received 109.6 mm of rainfall while Umiam received 83.2 mm.
Besides various programs including performances of songs by the youth of the area, speeches by the elders and leaders, Bah Banteidor also danced with the people during the release of the election song. They were not prepared by the youth of the Party.
This is the Darrang District; This Elaka is small and has only 980 votes from 5 villages including Pdeng, Lymba, Kongwang Darang-Rikynjai and Dawki.
“First of all, we would like to reiterate as you were informed earlier that the 195 households living in Them Iew Mawlong, whose household members, may be employees of SMB or others. Government Departments shall receive quarter accommodation from the Government until they are employees of the State Government, and in the absence of quarters the same Act shall apply to them. people, that is, to provide rent, but not to separate them or to build separately for them,” said the Seng leader.
The JSU has demanded that the Meghalaya government should use this money especially for the construction of Water Treatment Plants, Sewage Treatment Plants, distribution of drinking water, to improve the affected areas like Nongtalang. , Rhongkum, Amlympiang, Amdoh who receive unclean drinking water.
They said that on their part as the village headmen of the area, they are willing and eager to transfer their village to Meghalaya if the two state governments have you have cleared the border.
The HYC has also alleged that the construction of the police station in the village is a plot by Assam to cross the border with Meghalaya and this has happened only due to the negligence of the Meghalaya government. when it comes to demarcating the boundary.
However, until now, the violence against the people in these border areas has become an issue that politicians of all political parties have ignored and set aside just to raise issues during the elections.
“Ka seng will also inspect the area and if there is no action from the district authorities, we will not hesitate to take action for the benefit of the people of War,” she said. This was stated by General Secretary Samla Lurman B.Talang.
Undoubtedly, if the opposition can really overthrow the Lamphang, the prime minister's post of Dr Mukul Sangma could also be in danger.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 9: Out of all the villages within the border of West Khasi Hills District, there are now 61 villages in West Khasi Hills District under the jurisdiction of two Syiems. King of Rambrai Kingdom and King of Myrïaw Kingdom.
“If there is any inappropriate action by the management or the government, we will report it and whether it is a high-ranking person or a low-ranking person, if he is involved in defaming MeECL, we will not send him. investigate and demand punishment and we will not listen anymore,” he added.
Jowai: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District today announced that a house owned by Hunbait Challam in Dulong Jowai has been confirmed positive for Covid-1
He said that the State Government has promised to address this problem by setting up Examination Centers in all Districts so that the students will not lose out.
It will be the time of Satan's wrath.
It was also observed that there are public leaders who come from other sectors of the public service such as Doctors and Engineers, Contractors, wealthy businessmen and others and this is one of the main reasons for the strong strength strong glory.
“We have already spoken to the Government of India and not only Meghalaya but also other states on this increase in the price of food items,” said Prestone.
He said that from June onwards, he will resume his duties in hosting various tournaments such as the Samkhamti Republic Cup which had to be temporarily postponed for the semi final and final, and the Samkhamti Republic Cup. After this, the Summer Cup will be held for the state as a whole, and the Independence Cup for the schools under the Pynthor-Mawkhar Constituency.
The oldest mountains in Meghalaya are the most beautiful.
Overweight and lack of exercise or lack of exercise and excessive consumption of foods high in sugar, fat and calories are the main causes of diabetes. .
We all always decided to earn.
We believe that we have a sense of certainty and once we hear, we look and see what the people of the state want and we want to make decisions as soon as possible on the work of the grassroots workers and the party and what the people want and what is the political situation in the state.
One of the grounds on which the BJP stands to contest in other states is the protection of cows by banning the slaughter of cows and eating cows.
The people expect us to raise these important issues.
Candidates are prohibited from serving Ja or any alcoholic beverages to the public during the election campaign.
The WJDSA Under-17 Football Tournament will start tomorrow with the match between Royal Pole Mihmyntdu and Iawmulong Nartiang at 1 pm at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has tested positive for the coronavirus and the entire squad is in doubt. All players will be under surveillance for 12 days.
“I have been told by NEHU experts that the District Council leaders used to go to the District Council to ask for advice on how to strengthen the district council but when the NEHU officials said that the most important thing is to provide the figures, the “The leaders of the district council have disappeared without coming out,” said Kong Mukhim and added that this shows that the district council has not worked in a transparent manner.
On the last day, the final match was between Nongkhyriem and Lumshyiap and the match was very interesting to watch.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, said that to prevent the people from coming to the market, they had to use lathi charge in some shops. them to close their shops.
Also present were Bah John Lyngdoh, Adviser of the Agency, Kong R Suting, Director of the Agency, parents, relatives and invitees.
Prestone said the position of the state government is that if they want to talk peace, the HNLC should stop its activities if they want to talk peace. comfortable.
To date, the church has grown to 130 households.
“The state government has taken many strong measures to improve this; therefore, at such times, we must be united and we must work together; as the people of the state, and we must leave behind such inconsistent ideas.
Ma Abul Phawa, Waheh Shnong Mihmyntdu, said that they will not refuse to take this decision to curb the influx of foreigners and urged all the owners of houses to cooperate with the village.
If this is the case, our nation will not reach anywhere but will end up in persecution, but we have a strong hope that Bah Arden will keep his promise of love for the nation, so that others will also bud example ban protection country.
The closure ceremony was led by the Working President, Bah Pateng Myrsing, Vice President, Juban June Swer, Finance Secretary, Bah Shining Kyntla and other members of the union.
There are also villages that are no longer able to work together, to associate with others who are not fellow believers, and have forgotten their fellow human beings.
Dr Mukul said that not only Coming but Prestone Tynsong has never been to Shillong. “Tynsong is also a visitor to Kolkata,” he said.
Police said that according to the investigation, the family members of the deceased, suspected that Bikostar Rynjah had killed his son, Hedrin Rynjah. and he went into the field to sdien phasi himself.
Speakers at the meeting were Elevenson Wanniang, President of the UDP Mawkyrwat Youth Wing, Poland Sohphoh, Darius Lyngkhoi from Rangblang, former Advisor to the INC. Renikton, Priest of the Tower.
He knows and follows the Commandments.
Iongshiwiat is about 30 kilometers from Jowai.
In Mumbai, Somy has modeled and acted in 10 Hindi films since 1991 and
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma and the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh together with government officials, took part in the International Food Market at SIAL held at the city of Paris in France.
Regarding the announcement by the Principal of Sngap Syiem College on the road to the new college to be built soon, Prestone Tynsong said that he will take necessary action to complete the road. Detail Project Report (DRP) for the construction of the new building of the college.
Therefore, Tynring is one of the Shnat Raid which falls under the Raid Nongkrem which has its own boundary given by the BAKHRAW of the Raid Nongkrem and the Syiem of the Hima Khyrim since these years. and that the 15 Sordars of the Raid Nongkrem know well these villages under the Raid Tynring.
He said that the union has been demanding the appointment of these employees since last years, and the MeECL authorities have promised to do so but these promises are only to mislead because later. and at the end of the day they did nothing.
Asia said that those who shot her had thrown a stick from her neck with the intention of killing her, but before she was killed by the mob, she was arrested.
Shillong: There are 172 candidates in Class X, who have registered from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, according to their ranks. , and these posts, the total number of vacancies is 6311 as of 31st November
Shillong: The funeral service of Bah Sumar Sing Sawian, will be held on Sunday, 9th June 2023, at at 1.30 pm and will be buried at Jingthang People, Jaiaw.
Of the 379 cases, 125 out of 125 are from Maharashtra, 61 from Delhi, 57 from Tamil Nadu, 19 from Gujarat and Karnataka, 17 from Uttar Pradesh, 16 from West Bengal, 11 from Haryana, 10 from Jammu and Kashmir, nine from Rajasthan, eight from Telangana and Madhya Pradesh, seven from Bihar, five from Andhra Pradesh, three from Punjab, two from Puducherry and one each from Kerala and Uttarakhand.
The shortage of children enrolled in school is a major concern and it is also a major problem in which we have to talk to the teachers as well as the school authorities.
Meanwhile, MFA President Larsing M Sawian said that the tournament is a great achievement and can be said to be the biggest in the country, which was implemented by the AIFF and MFA through the participation of supported by the Tata Trust.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 1, EKH: 35, RBD: 4, SWGH: 2, WGH: 1, WJH: 4 and WKH:
He said that at the meeting, the Seng demanded that the CEM should set up a thorough inquiry by summoning the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah to explain how the Society has the power to issue NoC to the people living inside the Society. by RR Colony.
It will release the names soon in the coming days, James said.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Prime Minister said that the issue was not discussed during the Cabinet meeting, as he had called a meeting with the leaders of NEEPCO. and he hopes there won’t be any more lights out.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to
Also present at the campaign were Bah Kyrmen Shylla MLA of Khliehriat Constituency and Minister in the MDA Government, Bah Nujorki Sungoh MLA of Mookaiaw Constituency, Bah Balajied Synrem. Speaking at the meeting, Bah Titostarwell Chyne, CEM of KHADC, MDC of Sohra Constituency and Bah Laski Rymbai, MDC of JHADC. Shylla strongly criticized other parties who said that Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh is not yet a fit person to be a leader because he is too young. He and other members of the UDP are younger than Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh and they are only 33 years old. others who are younger than him can be leaders, so can Mr. Eugeneson.
The number of patients who come to the hospital sometimes exceeds the capacity of the hospital and therefore there is a shortage of medicines, he added.
"RIP Sir".
New Delhi, November 03 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced its candidates for the upcoming MP elections this month.
“For more than four years, the personal interview has not been conducted,” said the KSU in the petition.
He said that even one teacher who has a three month old child has come to take part along with her child as well as teachers who are girls have come to participate strongly regardless of the night.
Rai, who has been missing for five years, stole T.60 lakh from BSNL Bank between July and June 2012, using forged cheques. He also stole the signature of the Accounts Officer (Cash) of BSNL, Shillong.
The tourist drivers said that they had already paid 60 tyngka when they entered the Toll Plaza in the morning and after returning from their destination, the tourist drivers showed the slip that they had paid. They have paid 60 tyngka but the Toll Plaza employees have refused to pay.
The meeting was also attended by the Finance Minister of India, Nirmala Sitharaman and during the meeting, the Chief Minister and the Chief Secretary expected to receive the cooperation of the Central Government and This MDA-2 government for the development of Meghalaya.
He said that T.7,99,54,888 has been allocated to the District Council Affairs Department of the state government for the expenses of the MDC elections
Similarly, the Maram and Khyriem (Khatsaw-phra) languages ​​would have become the same if villages like Nongstoin, Mairang or Nongkhlaw had been replaced by Sohra.
He said that the contest this time is very exciting because of the large number of candidates and those who are fully qualified.
Please do not pass such a law by the Assam government.
At the same time, he said that there is a need for more parking space in the city due to overcrowding to facilitate the people and vehicles coming from the countryside.
The reason for the doubt among many is that there is no longer any confidence on the part of the people in our rulers who are in Government.
This sector contributes about 25.6 per cent to the agricultural GDP and 4.1 per cent to the overall GDP, which is lower than it could be.
On the opening day of the session, Mondal appointed four Speakers in his place including Dikkanchi D Shira, Winnerson D Sangma from the ruling party and two from the opposition including Bah Titosster Well Chyne. and Mr. Witting Mawsor from the opposition.
This ceremony is also part of the beginning of the Lent season.
“Additional security forces have been deployed in addition to the existing ones.
Therefore, we have launched the Water Policy, but we have found that the budget and funds are not enough for us to provide financial assistance for the various projects we have put forward.
Because they feel love for their father and mother.
However, other sources said that even before the 29th of this month, the HSPDP has decided to give ticket to Bah Dofelly L Nonglait. He said that LG Nongsiej has threatened to leave the party and the party has immediately convened its CEC meeting tomorrow.
The Government of India plans to build 21 Green Field Airports across India.
He also expressed his gratitude to the Forest Department of the State Government for its assistance in implementing this tree planting programme.
Therefore, the Seng requests the two MLAs of the area, Bah Kyrmen Shylla and Kong Santamary Shylla to take action in relation to the issues of the people. that ye may look upon the problems which they face.
He also reminded that besides that there are elders from the village who have fled to the forest and do not want to enter the village, because the Assam police come to search for them every night and inside the forest they They lived like animals, they didn't get food, and the torture was inexplicable.
Therefore, the union has demanded that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU should immediately consider and change this decision so that the students will not be affected and lose their time.
On the same day, the Prime Minister will also deliver a speech.
It is to be recalled that in the case of E.V.Chinnaiah v. State of Andhra Pradesh and Others, 2004, the Hon'ble Supreme Court, through five (san) judges, has overturned the The power of the States to divide the Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes is illegal under Articles 14-16 of the Constitution.
During the closure of the examination, the members of the union were cheated and hidden in the examination room and sent from one room to another. After finding out that there was a heated argument between the teachers and the Headmistress and the union for hours by seizing documents and evidence to explain, that why they called for interview up to three times regarding this post English.
The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has been working hard to improve the quality of life of the people.
The NPP is the party that has come to Delhi to express our concerns.
Speaking to media, KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that this action of the police department is like an insult, without sufficient evidence.
The Inter Office Basketball tournament has been held for many years, but the tournament was held for the first time as part of the National Sports Day 2023 with the participation of others. department of the State Government.
The Cabinet has approved the use of NCERT textbooks instead of MBOSE textbooks for students. class-I to class-X. These books will be used from the next training session.
Speaking at the meeting, the MLA of Mookaiaw, Robinus Syngkon, urged the women of the area to come out and request the NGT to revoke the decision. The lad will affect the income of the people.
