This means that in Meghalaya except for the Hynniewtrep and Garo, others are no longer Tribals and can no longer buy land.
At the welcoming ceremony of the NPP Shella constituency held at Saitsohpen on Monday, he was also confirmed as one of the Vice Presidents of the NPP Shella constituency. .
Shillong, July 11 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Employment Monitoring Cell has lodged a petition with the Director (Corporate Affairs) of MeECL regarding the delay in the appointment of jobs. Assistant Engineer.
Besides those who received 5 kilos of rice under the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Yojana and Antyodaya Scheme, the state government will distribute rice to 30 lakh people for the month and July and will spend T.180 crore. part of this scheme.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The North Eastern Railway Frontier together with the State Government has moved forward to complete the railway line in Meghalaya.
Even if there are many writers, they are inspired by the Holy Spirit.2 Timothy 3:16/2 Peter 1:2
That scheme of theirs can lead to differences of opinion and when they disagree it leads to fighting among the Khasi and when they fight he will win the war easily.
Nongpoh: Even in the midst of this era of unemployment, many Khasi youths in many parts of the state, have been living without jobs, but what is the example shown by two brothers? from Umsawnongbri village in Ri Bhoi district, said that they have encouraged and set a good example to many unemployed youth, by setting up their own Fast Food. Pam's Hut Fast Food is located in Iewmawlong, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
The organization wishes to take the initiative to honor the students as an inspiration and encouragement to them to continue their studies, to continue to do better in higher education and also to become successful youth. The KSU also has a goal to train young people to take the Civil Service Exam in the country.
Ma Thombor said that besides the implementation of CWD development projects, the Executive Committee has allocated Rs 1 crore for the Minor Irrigation Project and Rs 1 crore for the improvement of Fisheries and Fish Sanctuary.
Historians say that John Wesley saw himself as a priest and servant of God who served the poor, the needy, and the young.
Some of them thought that there had been a terrible incident on the ground floor of the shop near MUDA, as it was seen that many policemen were on top of the building with their aid equipment. rescue people who have been injured and unconscious.
In his resignation letter sent to the State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie, Bah JA Lyngdoh said that since he joined the BJP in 2016, he has worked hard for the development of the BJP. party.
The Market Committee has urged the public to follow the COVID-19 rules and regulations to prevent the spread of the disease.
In the Western world, the Gregorian calendar or almanac of the Holy Roman Empire was used in conjunction with the Julian calendar.
Police have also received information that another call center known as M/S Dasanbha Enterprise owned by Nicky War in Jaiaw has started to close down.
Nongpoh: A meeting was held between the leaders of four prominent political parties in the state, including the KSU, RBYF, HNYF and FKJGP, today. They have decided to revive the demands of the government to implement the laws to curb the illegal entry of mynder, which is also the issue of the government. the claims are all shikatta.
He also criticized the Chief Minister for trying to change the customs and traditions of the Garo people by introducing new laws that do not suit the Garo people.
Furthermore, the union said that they do not want to see the Umshing River turn into the Umkhrah River just because of the mismanagement of the residents.
The symptoms of eating poisonous wild tits are stomach upset, kidney disease and spleen.
Some of the former ministers are now staying at the MLA Hostel, while many have left for their villages.
Dwayne said he has a goal of entering the White House and said earlier in 2017 that he intends to run for president of the United States.
Charles Thabah, Working President Sohiong UDP Circle, said that he used to be one of the leaders against Maheh Don but it has led him to turn to the Congress for the work he has done to bring about the elections. they are the ones who are responsible for the constituency.
“As the brother of seven sisters, Bahbah often has to come home with a broken face and a bloody head in the struggle to protect his sisters,” said Dr Careen.
After the arrival of the team at Iewrynghep Ground Laitumkhrah, the ceremony will be held at 4:30 pm.
Shillong: The President of JSU Shillong Circle, Samla Treiborlang R Suchen, who is also the villager of Dawki area, West Jaintia Hills, on Tuesday said that A woman has almost lost her life this morning while the residents of the area were going up and down to attend a wedding ceremony in Lamin village.
Let us love our own faith, respect the faith of others and refrain from insulting or criticizing the faith of others, so that the unity and harmony as a society in the nation can be maintained forever on this page. earth.
Girls look older faster than boys.
The names of these villagers, who have settled in Assam, shall be only for those who have settled in the State before 25th October
At this time, even the students are facing their own difficulties with this online teaching method so that the students can move forward in their studies, but it is unfair to just compare grades. All the students because many of the students don't have the same rights as others.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang together with Bah Victor Rani, MDC and Village Leaders from 6 villages of Byrnihat area, today visited the water source. , located on the Umngei River and falls under the village of Shakhoikuna, Ri Bhoi District.
“As the state government is still considering the proposals for amendments, the hearing will be held again in three months and it is hoped that this long-standing issue will be resolved,” the order said.
The constituency is located in Mawhati constituency and is led by MDC James Sylliang.
Sabina Parvez Warjri has received permission from Monsoon Salon to set up a modern beauty salon in Shillong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the father of the girl said that as parents, they are grateful to God who can help their children to punish themselves. Tuition' but I couldn't reach that goal.
Therefore, it is worth paying tribute to them for being the pioneers in the field of Skill Training in their own villages. IL&FS in Singapore, DB Tech in many countries, NIPSTEC in Delhi in Globalization in the field of Skill Training.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, today announced a 14-day curfew in Kamrup district from 28th July
What did the Israelites do during those 40 years? They did nothing. God said, “Did you offer me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness for 40 years? O house of Israel!” Amos 5:2
Shillong: Thousands of Chiefs from different Hima and Elaka of Ri Khasi Hills District have attended a meeting convened by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) at Madan Student, Jaiaw.
As we have seen, even the countries of the world are concerned about the rapid growth of Muslims.
Shillong, November 10 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Thursday convened a meeting of the Health Advisory Board (HAB) and directed that the Board should consider and suggest how to improve the quality of health advisory board (HAB). The Government will take action against these activities of prostitution and also on the promotion of herbal treatment.
“The five days I will be in the north will be very happy days and I believe I will learn from this journey.
This is the BJP's ploy to win votes.
His father was a well-known pastor in Khasi Jaintia who left the Presbyterian Church to found his own new church.
On this day, it will also be decided who will win the title of Icon of Meghalaya Super Star
The order also stipulates that grocery stores should be open from 9 am to 4 pm from 27th to 30th June
The rally was called to protest against the government's attempt to take land in Mawpdang area for the construction of the New Shillong.
The price at Jowai and Thadlaskeiñ depots will be Rs.65.70/- per litre, while the price at Shangpung outlet will be Rs.68.50/- per litre.
“I have also told them that if you have so many allegations against the NPP-led government, you should go through the legal process where we cannot hide anything.
AZ Thotmachan of Manipur won the gold medal, Pynshailang Khyllait of Meghalaya won the silver medal and Vanlalruata of Mizoram won the bronze medal.
However, the most strict law in the village in the marriage is the Klim lok.
Taking the hearing, the court said in the order issued that in these photographs, the coal mining, the queue of coal trucks and even the number plate of the vehicle are clearly visible. The court has directed the Director General of Police to take the necessary measures to investigate the incident and if necessary to summon the complainants to ask for evidence. .
All the Ministers of the Government took part in the meeting although the Prime Minister has not yet distributed their share.
The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) leader said that during the MLA elections, the UDP has been involved in the MLA elections in the past three years. She has not waited 10 days but has rushed to form a government with the NPP, so the people of Sohiong will give their answer in the upcoming elections.
The hour passes quickly and the day ends quickly as if we were opening a book one page after another.
The union's protest is on the grounds that these offices are open despite the government having already declared it as a public holiday.
Sonia Gandhi's decision came after more than 20 people wrote to her demanding a full-time Congress leader who is close to the people every year. for.
“We too are a civil society organization working for the welfare of the community and if they look at us sideways it will be sad, because they blame the whole Hima Sohra,” said Bah Kharmih.
Besides, a speech was also delivered by the headmaster of the school who said that Mantip is a child who knows the day and who meets her every day.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 27 new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in the state.
On the other hand, Prestone congratulated the residents of the state who have donated for the MCMRF especially at these times when the country is facing a great crisis. related to the fight against Covid-1
Speaking to Mawphor, HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh said that he has not been able to announce these changes in the Blue Print.
Before leaving for the Weiking Festival, a rally was held to leave the Mawkhar Festival at 1 pm and after the dance, the Weiking Festival returned to the Weiking Festival with music. They walked along the road until they reached Mawkhar.
As soon as you enter the park, you will see the first stone structures about 100 meters long, at a height of about 5 feet.
He said that the DySP has personally visited the CDA and CBCC today to check whether there are still any people living in these temporary shelters. keep.
“I'm like Kynsai.
you're dead.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that the campaign to distribute Covid vaccines has started under the leadership of Prime Minister Duh and it is expected that we will soon achieve victory in the fight against this disease.
“In my speech, I said that if the UDP wins from Sohiong in this election, there will be a change because the party will become stronger. MLA” said Mr. Titos.
The OC said that Mawsynram police are still waiting for the complaint, although they have received information through Balat police.
There are also many uncertainties that school principals, teachers as well as students and parents are still waiting for the announcement of the government.
“That's what your father said.
This department shall have the power of the Court to hear border crossing cases and also to oversee all development projects.
The BDO of Mawryngkneng, Bah Roney Wahlang, MCS also visited the plastic collection site and explained to the residents and shopkeepers about the dangers of plastic and the punishment for those who collect plastic. fight against this prohibition to use it.
A brief speech on ECI was given by FM War, ASE and Village Icon in the presence of Dr. Abhishek Saini, IAS, Sub-Divisional Officer, Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, Amlarem.
Yadav earns (5/35) 11/47.
This happened in ancient Israel.
There are about 10 households in Dong Ranap and from Dong Skul to Dong Seij there are about 28 households who will benefit from the road and who are also land owners.
Police have arrested Albert and found that the same person had stolen T.1.24 lakh from William Thabah.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Marcus Marten, said that the union is deeply concerned about the increase in the number of illegal liquor shops in Nongpoh. to the liquor shops as well as to the illegal sellers, because the presence of illegal liquor shops also destroys many young people.
On the same day, the MLA also handed over a donation of money and a tin of house to the VO and the MDC handed over the khiew and the Work Order.
The race will start from the ground floor of the Deputy Commissioner's office at 6.45 pm and all the participants will arrive at the DSO office at 6.00 pm.
This reporter also found that the office does not have any sign to identify it as a MeECL office, and no sign board was seen like other offices.
Jowai, Naitung 10: The KSU Kupli Area Circle and KSU Laskeiñ Circle were formed on Tuesday 9th Naitung 2022 at the Community Hall of the Dorbar. Iooksi Village West Jaintia Hills.
Who shall blame, who shall do it and whether this is true, we shall ask ourselves.
The main reason for the Alla bomb was the haste of Khasi women to kidnap the Muslim Khar who had set the goal of making the North East of India a Muslim country.
No-one was injured," he said.
Balaram is a single man who lives on the banks of the Hooghly River in Uttarpara.
Foundation: The Indian Banks Association (IBA) was founded on 26th November, 1946, with 22 members and now has a strong network of 247 members across the country.
On the other hand, the Minister personally visited the road because the government wants to complete it soon so that the people can travel easily from Tura to Shillong and also from Shillong to Shillong. Tura, it is not that the people have to leave Assam as usual.
Regarding the 107 km Lad Mawreng-Weiloi-Mawkyrwat highway and the Wahkaji-Ranikor road via Langpa which includes a 150 m bridge, The Union Minister of Roads, Transport and National Highways, Nitin Gadkari, on Tuesday said that the bridge and the 30 km road are the most important roads. for your own part.
In that division it was decided that the Presbyteries should have three Districts.
Shillong: The fourth test of a patient admitted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for Covid-19 in the state has been positive, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Prestone Tynsong's state.
Shah said Hindi should be accepted as a replacement for English and not a replacement for indigenous languages.
Hrangchal is married to a man from the Gurkha ethnic group, which has been strongly criticized by the students' union in Mizoram.
Earlier, a committee headed by Addl.DG, SK Jain was set up to consider and seek to construct the entry and exit points.
Shillong MP Vincent H Pala has announced his candidacy for the 2023 MLA election from 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency against AITC MLA Shitlang Pale.
g) The Shella Block C&RD Block was established on 1st April,
Regarding the equipment and protective equipment for the nurses and doctors, the Director of Health Services, Dr.A Warr said that while those who have arrived, they have already been sent to different districts from sapkti, cleaning medicine, clothes Tap khmut and others.
A US plane leaving Cuba has turned around and landed in Havana after its engine broke down in a collision with thousands of birds.
It is to be recalled that the JAC has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District on 20th October and the DC has issued an order through a letter EJHD/GEN/TRAN-4/ Vol-IV/2019/169 issued on 25th October which directed the Cement Factories to implement the price set by the Government.
Therefore, the government will look into solving this problem faced by the farmers.
The solar power scheme was inaugurated by the Minister of Forests, Bah Prestone Tynsong and the foundation stone of the Umkhakoi Multipurpose Reservoir was laid today at the village.
N.Syiem was the chief guest and the Principal of KSU Khliehriat Circle, Dr Phervision Nongtdu was the chief guest.
Rajdip Das (Assam) was also defeated by Shahil Dey (Assam), while Neelotpal Das (West Bengal) was defeated by Abhrojyoty Nath (Assam).
He said that the reason is that the people know better.
About nine passengers of a commercial vehicle sustained minor injuries and were taken to Pynursla Public Health Center (PHC).
The three and two levels of governance (Shnong, Raid and Hima) of the Hima Khasi States were explained in detail, in which teachers and students expressed their surprise that they have never heard of such governance. in India, they expressed their surprise that these rights are not reflected in the Constitution of India.
He said the party has also tried to find out the truth about the arrest of Bernard and for that reason the BJP relies on the fair trial of the court.
I met with him yesterday morning and evening and I went on a trip with him on the 4th of July.
The Government of Meghalaya has decided to detain Muslims for 2 years according to the law. bar state to enter your state.
Through satellite imagery, it was also seen that the puh shilum, in the parts of the river, in order to block the construction of the Indian bridge at two places of the Galwan river. He also said that China has occupied a large area within 40 kilometers of the India-China border.
The delegation was led by Bah Richardson Diengdoh, President Nongpoh Circle, Mission Tron, Vice-President Tony Shylla, President Nongpoh Circle. They raided the village after receiving information that some foreigners had entered the village without passing through the Screening Center at Byrnihat.
This has shown the spirit of responsibility that they have for the people regardless of the differences of political parties.
On the other hand, Dr. Mukul said that he first met Hoping when he was in school and studying at the National Institutes of Health. class V111, and expressed his great pleasure to have the opportunity to meet Bah Hoping when he entered politics, and said that Bah Hoping is a he has been in the world for a long time and is loved by the people.
Jarain C's Sewi Rymbai was named Man of the Match.
The SP said that the Manbha Foundation has clarified that Bhim Bahadur Thapa is a drug addict and has been under investigation with the Manbha Foundation since 1st June
Jonathan Nongkrot, Rangbah Shnong Pynter, said that the death of the woman, Jenebib Suting, was while she was crossing the river. but because of the strength of the water, he could not hold her, and she was drowned.
Speaking on the occasion, MDC Dawan Lyngdoh promised to donate 1 lakh tyngka to the Managing Committee to build a toilet in the Namdong Market. market dwellers alike.
One of the most famous car manufacturers in the USA 'Ford' is now announcing a partnership with one of the F1 teams that holds the title in the Red Bull World Cup will be held from
Furthermore, if the state government receives any documents or evidence against these persons and if it is necessary to investigate them, the government can go to court to request for the cancellation of the bail. sun.
However, just out of ignorance, to just tynneng without self-foundation is wrong,” she said.
The Central Government has set a target of 500 days to fully provide telecom connectivity in the region before the end of 2023.
Speaking to reporters, Donald V Thabah said that the enactment of the ILP in the state is the first step to curb the illegal entry of foreigners.
There are also tribes who are alone without any relationship with others.
The greedy think only of eating and accumulating wealth.
Last month, in a similar incident, 24,000 kilograms of Phensedyl worth T.35 lakh were seized and one person was arrested.
The Rotaract Club has planted up to 200 trees and has taken a pledge to take care of these trees for two years.
The trainers were Ian Campbell from EDGE10, along with Danish footballer and former Manchester United captain Jesper Olsen from Future Football.
According to the 2011 census, India has a population of 1,210,193,422 or 1.21 billion.
This was announced by the General Secretary, James MA Neng after a meeting with the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang.
Nongkseh scored the first goal in the 21st minute through R Shabong.
However, the Central Government has not yet believed in our request,” said Kong Syiemlieh.
He urged all the residents and neighbors to inform the Dorbar Shnong if they have any information about the vendors and the Dorbar Shnong will give a buskit of T.4,000 tyngka and the names of the informants will be kept confidential.
The Government of India has seized the coal mines of Laitryngew and has been able to mine coal from Lum Pyllun Heh. However, our ancestors, even the fools, did not want to hand over to the coal mining company and mine the coal themselves using the system known as “Rathole mining.
It will produce a lot of muck disposal from the removal of about 50 percent of the stones.
He said that the union demands that the government should not allocate land to 148 illegal households but only to 195 households who are entitled to it. The government will not be able to provide any land to those who are illegal.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Shangpliang, said that it is a pleasure for him because he has brought and spoken in the House to recognize the rule, tyrpad leaves and wild sohmrit as agricultural products. this is your request, you have fulfilled it.
Zlatko Dalic's Croatia, who finished second at the 2018 World Cup and third in 2022, have never won a trophy.
He said that if they cannot resolve this demand, the members of the union can stand in front even in the evening to break down the Tax Gate.
When inquired by this reporter, it was understood that the PWD has not allocated any funds for the maintenance of this road which is in need of hundreds of villages. .
Nongpoh: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Nongkhrah Nonglyngdoh, on Tuesday, expressed their deep anger over the government's failure to complete the Polytechnic in Nongkhrah. just leave it halfway, even when it has been started since 2018.
It is exactly how to amend the policy which has been in force for 51 years without any change since
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude and thanks to God that in this successful incident there was no tragic incident on the part of the people.
All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) spokesperson Saket Gokhale has slammed Home Minister Amit Shah for keeping silent on the incident in Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills where five people were killed. Shot dead by Assam police.
It is reported that they brought troops to set up camps in parts of the Hima Nongklaw and in Ri Khasi in the name of road construction.
“PM Sangrahalaya has been brought out of politics and the Congress party cannot prove anything on this,” Nadda said.
Speaking to reporters, the Commissioner and Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Donald P Wahlang said that according to the rules of the MHIS (Megha Health Insurance Scheme). They do not benefit from this scheme.
The Khasi and Jaintia Hills have many skilled people and therefore the people should elect a skilled person so that it will be the pride of the state,” said Rakkam.
According to sources, Pynshngaiñ's statement in the newspapers and his phone call to HDR Lyngdoh has reached the ears of Congress leaders because HDR is very sad. It is also reported that in the next few days the Congress party will tie a tyrnem bah to Bah Pynshngaiñ and they will start by ordering their MDCs not to join the party. There is also a threat that the MDCs who support the Congress will end their relationship with the party.
Also to assist Booth Level Officers in any necessary areas when they arrive in your village.
I published the name of the computer in an article, I named it Korputer,” said Bah Mohrmen.
Another engineer, Ma Lakhon Biam from Nongbah and Dr. Lakhon Biam from Bataw Lakadong, Dr. Chanky Shangpung and Police Officer Suk Shylla (UDP) from Nongjngi.
One is the rat hole mining which has claimed many lives due to the sudden flooding inside the coal mine.
Although the school is fully supported by the government, the financial assistance received is not enough to improve the school building and others.
For this cause the people also met him, for that they heard that he had done this miracle.
“As for me, I have been elected four times as MLA 16-East Shillong Constituency from the All India Congress party and this will remain with whatever decision I have taken. “The Congress will take a decision until this political upheaval in the state is over,” she said.
Shillong: The SKJCLF strongly condemns the burial of Bah Moris Marngar on the 7th of March at Nongdisaw Village, West Khasi Hills.
I am looking for a girl aged 17-25 years old.
Thousands of supporters attended all these public meetings where Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma spoke on the work done by the NPP-led government.
It may be recalled that the government has not yet approved this demand as the government will continue to consider this demand.
They were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital,” said Rituraj Ravi.
Now let us turn back to the struggle between the Khasi Hills and the British India Company.
Jowai, July 25: The office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Election), Amlarem Sub-Division, Amlarem, today celebrated the 14th National Voters Day on the theme Dr. Abhiskek Saini, IAS, SDO (Election) was the chief guest at the programme.
K. Sangma and Aplen K. Marak.
At the meeting, other states presented reports on the preparations for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections as well as for the upcoming MLA elections in Mizoram.
Speeches were also delivered by Samla A.Kharlyngdoh, Vice President of Mawkyrwat District Cycling Association (MDCA), Bah G.Shylla, General Secretary of Mawkyrwat District Cycling Association (MDCA) and Samla S.Khawdewsaw, Organizing Secretary of Mawkyrwat District Cycling Association (MDCA) in the presence of other office bearers and members of the association.
Police have seized the money at 2.15 pm from a Maruti Alto, which has been stolen.
Many senior members of the SSA including Karsing Kurbah, Robert Dkhar, SS Rapthap and Prosper Warjri, among others were also present.
Shillong, November 11: The term of the Central Executive Committee of the HSPDP has expired in seven days, but LG Nongsiej has said that he will wait until the end of the seven days.
"Lano asked quickly. "I don't say anything, but I'm just doing something wrong.
Police are searching for the suspects and punish them according to the law.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lambok Starwell Marngar, in his speech, urged the new members and leaders of the KSU-War Jaintia Circle to have the responsibility to contribute to the nation and to have the responsibility to share the burden. the shon is like the nation that meets.
There is no denying the fact that there are many people who claim to love the nation but do not understand the value of the nation.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MoD) has ordered and warned the security personnel deployed to Ri-Lum Garo for the purpose of patrolling the elections, not to illegally use their firearms and to She said that Garo militants will try to steal weapons. 40 teams of security forces including CRPF, Seema Suraksha Bal (SSB) and army The BSF has already deployed around the state especially in those areas of Garo Hills and South West Khasi Hills where the insurgents are most active.
Your duty is to look after the house, feed the children, look after the chickens and pigs, cook, clean and draw water.
The Committee was appointed by Parliament to consider and study the Central Government's proposal to amend the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution.
The meeting, chaired by MDC Dawan Lyngdoh, gave speeches from the IC of Saitsama on the use of curfew passes for medicine or food items and other illegal activities. or 4 persons per vehicle should not exceed 4 persons per vehicle in order to implement social distancing as part of the lockdown. this is the disease.
Speech was delivered by Bah Joe Marbaniang, former leader of KSU Sengkmie and Mawlai Circle.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai has honored Alexander Lyngdoh, one of the residents of Loomsooiung New Hill, Jowai, who has brought fame to Jaintia Hills by taking part in handicraft competitions across India and abroad. country.
The union said that this demand for the expulsion of these two employees from the state is to avoid any tragic incident, and the union has also warned the officials of Topcem that if If these two foreigners are involved in this case, there will be sorrow.
The Minister said that the organization of such a tournament is not just a tournament but the government has planted the seeds in the future generations by opening the door for them to participate in the tournament. talent in the field of sports.
The Chief Minister also spoke about the lifestyle of the people in the state, saying, “We have special laws which were passed by the past and which are not related to others. parts of India and the state are the most important parts of society.
Samla Lorenza had the opportunity to meet the Chief Minister after she represented India at the World Pankration Championship 2023 along with the Indian team. to four bronze medals at the tournament in Tashkent, Uzbekistan which was held from 2 to 4 June.
NATION AND RELIGION DO NOT HAVE A PART IN ANYTHING PARALOKyou want to say you are a Khasi but your faith is foreign in Khasi before you speak think 100 times ho friend you sit down what you sayLet's build the State Thank you for ...Unity in Diversity.
He said that as Sengbhalang leaders who work for the welfare of the people, they should know that their right foot is already in jail and their left foot is on the road. road to prison.
“We have come to bless you, to encourage you and to pray for you, as the Word of God says, 'Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
While the ruling BJP in MP has already announced the names of 79 candidates in three different lists of candidates, the Congress has not yet announced the names of the candidates. names of candidates to contest elections.
On this occasion, the children of Sati Raja Memorial Secondary School also unveiled a memorial to Sati Raja Memorial Secondary School and distributed the OB Ranee Memorial Award. to the two women who have brought fame and glory through sports and education and also launched a short film or documentary film on the life and career of Bah OB Ranee.
The GLCDS also admitted that no scheme has been implemented within the boundary of the Shillong Cantonment Board but the money has been withdrawn without the authority of the Shillong Municipal Board.
The experience of this problem is unpleasant and there are times when it causes pain.
The NEHUTA teachers who are also protesting to demand the restoration of the Hills Area Special Allowance (HASA) have allegedly been forcibly removed by the Vice Chancellor without following the procedures of the law.
Earlier, the Chief Minister said that there will be a meeting on the weekend with the participation of Union Ministers from DoNER Minister Dr Jitendra Singh, Tourism Minister Prahlad Singh Patel, Sports Minister Kiren. Rijiju, Jan Shakti Minister Rattan Lal Kataria, and all the Chief Ministers of the North East and other government officials were also invited.
And the time for them to build the Temple depends on the time of God because it has been about 1950 years since the Jews or Israel did not have a Temple anymore, that is, since 70AD. the whole world today to understand what happened in Jerusalem or in ancient Israel.
The heavy rainfall in the past two days has also caused flooding in the Pynthorumkhrah area and two wells.
At the same time, the KSU together with the village leaders of the area also expressed their deep sorrow regarding the old nar bridge connecting East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills at Borkhat.
In 2020, 1917iTEAMS was able to increase the number of vehicles by assembling market vehicles to meet the demand during the lockdown.
On May 14, 1963, they were handed over to the eight tribes of Sakwang, Kharjahrin, Ramsiej, Sohphoh, Wartde and Nongrem.
SK Lato, MPHF President Rotary Club Jowai in the presence of Rtn.
The affected families received cash assistance of about 50,000 tyngka, clean clothes and other items which were distributed only from the MLA salary of Bah Sanbor Shullai.
P.C, to prohibit private individuals or Seng groups from conducting any search operations on trucks carrying goods moving and parked on the NH-6 or at the Weightbridges within the District. .
This confirms that the preaching of fear is only a snare of death.
(vii) to develop housing projects or to sell houses at affordable prices to day laborers.
Shella has been electing the same Nongmihkhmat for the past decades, the question is how will the people of this constituency react when the one they used to elect is no longer there and has passed away.
However, the VPP wants to understand the basis and once the basis is understood, no one can move.
“It is no longer the era or time to shake hands because the people themselves are wiser whom to elect, but as leaders they should bring about discussions to build the country and the nation and not to shake hands.
The Meghalaya High Court said that the State Government's action by making Rules regulating the appointment and rules of procedure in the absence of the Act through the notice “is a violation of the decision of the court.
Yogesh Tiwari (16) and Joshi (3).
Rangdajied United have 10 points each in Group B despite Rangdajied and Ladthalboh having 10 points each.
The presence of Ryngku u Basa has brought many blessings to the development of agriculture, livelihood and other activities.
The WJNC strongly condemns the hospital and its management for this delay and said that besides the lack of patients and treatment, the people have to face this problem.
He said that the water testing will also be conducted in different districts of the state to ensure that the drinking water supply of the people should be safe.
He said that as the players, they don't want to point fingers at the police who are involved in firing tear gas to impose those punishments, but he said that according to the law, they need to do whatever they can. They accept that it will be a warning from the future that it will not happen again to reach such a limit of harm.
The KSU said that as the days go by, the number of foreigners is increasing due to the issuance of NOCs to them to work and trade in the area.
The city of Mawthawpheth was built on the east side.
Adelia Fedelia Lyngkhoi was the best batsman in the innings with 43 not out.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 3 cases of high risk.
The PWD North Jowai Division office has also transported the tar equipment from Jowai to Shangpung since Thursday last month.
Registration will run from 15th March to 10th May and receipt of application must be made before 10th May 2014.
If they fall away, they will be left behind and will suffer.
Many of these parents said that they are waiting to meet and congratulate him because they have never supported him in the last elections.
If we look at the Dictionary we will find that CALLING means A JOB OR OCCUPATION. If we judge as ordinary people we understand that there is a conflict between the articles and the 6th Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Ardent Basaiawmoit (Nongkrem) in 2013 received more than T.89 lakh, Paul Lyngdoh (Shillong West) received more than T.1 crore in Sanbor Shullai (19th Shillong South) has received more than T.2 crore in 2013, James K Sangma has received more than T.6 crore in ) earned T.9 lakh in 2013, while Titos W Chyne (Sohra) earned T.46 lakh in
The number of cases of COVID-19 in Spain has risen to 56,188 and the death toll to 4,089, with 655 deaths in the past 24 hours, the health ministry said. of the Spanish government.
“The time has come for the government to ensure that the state government should take action and not just allow these rulers who are cheating the people by selling land and misusing natural resources. for their own benefit,” said Bah Ardent.
They dug a hole and around it they erected these trees to become pillars and tied them tightly together to build a rynsan with several floors.
“When I say this, I don't mean that we are against the development but we are concerned about the nation,” said Bah Adelbert.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today found more than 400 Dkhars working at the Cancer Institute at NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
The 15 new deaths were in the city of Wuhan, which has a population of 11 million.
Ma O Shwa Sutnga, who took the part of the chief guest and symbud chief guest, urged the members and youth of the church that as the youth who are the future of the society, they should take action to work together with the authorities. After he spoke, the foundation stone was laid.
Hundred Phawa, former Secretary Shnong and Rimiki Sana, who has held the post of Waheh Shnong, for the post of Waheh Shnong, were nominated by the villagers. They agreed to stand in two parts, one on the side of Hundred Phawa and the other on the side of Rimiki Sana.
The HYC has warned the foreign companies not to take advantage of the opportunity to dismiss the youth of the state without any grounds and if found, the HYC will take strong action.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Market dwellers from all over the market have threatened the leaders of the Nongiew Association (NIA) and said that they do not recognize those people who have claimed to be their association. merchant.
At the same time, there will also be a lighting ceremony to show condolences and also to bring to justice the late Bah Harpis Nongbri, resident of Malki Pdengshnong, who was killed by the enemy. drug addict on July 15
Shillong: The Minister of State for Electricity, James PK Sangma, in reply to a question by Zenith M Sangma (Congress), said that it is true and they have been appointed. James said that MeECL has appointed 128 casual workers in Khasi Hills, as they are casual workers. also that the employment policy of the state does not work in the employment of day labourers.
Any violation of the guideline will be considered illegal and no acknowledgment will be given.
It was also directed to ensure that students should not walk barefoot inside or near the school.
“The Jackfruit Mission was launched to raise awareness among the farmers that they can produce more crops and increase their income and not to waste up to T.500 crore on waste.
The State Project Office has also taken the initiative to disseminate information through newspapers, FM Radio and conduct road show campaigns with 93.5 red FM on the re-admission of part-time school dropouts. Support these children between the ages of 16-19 years up to Class XII to continue their studies at NIOS in East Jaintia Hills and Ri-Bhoi District.
Shillong, Lber 28 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Defence, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has denied the allegation that another High Level Tribe has emerged in the state.
Until now, there is no book to collect the names of the hill state candidates, especially the leading ones.
The Lord God formed man of the dust of the earth and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, AND MAN BECAME A LIVING SOULS.Genesis 2:7.
On the HSPDP party, he said, “The HSPDP will continue to decline or increase depending on the way the party works every day, but in the last election we told too much because we don't have the money”. .
“We have lodged a complaint against these electrical signs and we have repeatedly requested MeECL to take the necessary action as they fall on the path of the Huleng shrieh,” said Wildlife Divisional Forest Officer Rupankar Marak.
The delegation led by Kanani from Gujarat also met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy to invite him and the Chief Minister to the inauguration of the statue by the Prime Minister. to Narendra Modi.
Therefore, at this time I would like to clarify to those shopkeepers that they should not misunderstand and accuse me but what we have done is for the benefit of the people and the society as a whole. That the people will not be confused so that they can fight against this Covid-19 pandemic by joining hands to provide clear information to the people from the prices of food items and others. .
The small tissue outside the heart is called epicardial adipose tissue (EAT).
The Kur Dkhar also paid tribute to Ma Phasmon Dkhar, MDC, EM, JHADC, Jowai who as a leader has given full service to the people.
According to him, Dr Ao said that the request to dismiss Bah Ernest Mawrie should be written in writing and not just in words before he expresses it to the people. central Government leaders.
In the meeting with the unions, the AEE replied that the reason is due to the lack of staff and instead of a Lineman, they have appointed only a Casual Helper to look after these areas.
New Delhi: The Office of the Principal Scientific Adviser to the Government of India today announced that aerosol or SARS-CoV-2, which is one of the main causes of the coronavirus, has been released. her up to 10 meters away.
He also expressed the hope that this school will help to improve the quality of higher education.
The PYT-IN, a collaborative group of Presbyterian Youth from Meghalaya, as well as those living abroad, has taken this decision to build this school, in order to provide education to the children of this country. Since the closure of this government school, they have had to go to distant schools and cause a lot of trouble to their parents.
The incident occurred this morning in northern Pakistan.
Captain Harry Inglis' men, when they arrived at Pomreng and did not find Rev. Thomas Jones, threatened his wife, mother-in-law, brothers and sisters.
“When I saw that I was Mehta, I was surprised,” said Kitboklang Thabah.
He said that the police have now understood the working methods of the HNLC. HNLC, have lodged a complaint with the police.
This requires the cooperation of the Generation, Transmission and Distribution Department, he said.
Speaking after a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, MS Dhillon said the BSF is conducting an investigation into the allegation that Dr. Seibok was assaulted. you are all right.
“However, these companies have refused to respect and implement the government's order,” said Thubru.
He said that training will soon start for many government employees who will be sent to the Election Department.
These include EGH: 41, EJH: 06, EKH: 150, NGH: 19, RBD: 14, SGH: 06, SWGH: 16, SWKH: 04, WGH: 60, WJH: 45 and WKH:
Auditor Pynjanai Marbaniang, Advisors Dr KK Marbaniang and Ma Medrass Marbaniang and 25 other Executive Members were also elected.
“Sports are as important as education and without sports you cannot rise to higher levels,” said Kong Grace.
The employees of UCIL have decided not to allow the relocation of the office from Laitumkhrah to Nongmensong as they suspect that the relocation of the office and the collection of tar is a way to reduce the number of employees. until they have received a written promise that they will not lose their jobs.
Even if the NPP follows the manifesto of the BJP, it should be declared publicly so that the people know.
The meeting was chaired by Ma Khroo L Pariat, President Khooid, Vice President, Ma Dapherborn N Suchiang, General Secretary Khooid.
Aubrey Herbert Scott Lyngdoh, former Minister of State, passed away on Tuesday at the age of
Before concluding his speech, the President of the KSU expressed his regret that child marriage in the Jaitbynriew is one of the reasons for the failure of the youth in the country. Many of them pass with other degrees to earn a living and this is also the decline of the nation.
“Stop making cartoons and criticizing Bah Prestone, Bah Metbah and Ma Lahkmen because they are our own flesh and blood and if you have anything you don't like about the way they work, contact them. “They are ready to listen,” said Bah Lamphrang.
Dr Batskhem said that he would like to thank the leaders of various religious groups/churches, women and youth who came to give their support and especially the prayers that were held at the venue. The President of the VPP, Bah Ardent M. Basaiawmoit, was also present at the Additional Secretariat.
The deadline for receipt of applications is on or before
The three-day training program for the youth on how to manage football was opened by Bah Malcolm, one of the elders who loves football.
We have often heard CM Conrad Sangma saying, “Meghalaya is one of the top ten states in India”.
We have a responsibility and we want the ARPA to continue until the end of the summer,” said Bah Kharkongor, EM in charge of Trading Licence.
He said that the MLA has explained that there will also be an agreement between the village and that the village will benefit and it will also be given to the youth of the village.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Motphran Traffic Department has announced a ban on traffic from the 20th to the 21st of this month from 7 pm. evening in Motphran.
Two days before the discovery of the bodies, police had recovered a letter from Chapchap, Umsylli Bridge. , Rymbai road.
In the photograph, it was seen that the robbers were covered with house colour, on their faces and then a tyllai phasi, on their necks, in a crowd and accompanied by gunmen. in Herat.
We have seen the complaints of many young job seekers who have lost hope in the government's approach to allow more Garo and to discriminate against Khasi-Pnar.
However, the Re-Organization Act, 1971 has confirmed and transferred Block I and Block II from Jaintia Hills for the purpose of creating the new District of Mikir Hills (Karbi Anglong) along with others. areas of Nowgong District and Sibsagar District.
He added that the construction of the stadiums will be a complete transformation of the state in the field of sports and the work will start this year.
You have seen that within five years the BJP government in Delhi has launched many schemes to help them in the rural and urban areas as well.
“Today we are all ready to vote and we have stood in line at the polling station, but until 11:00 pm the people from the block did not come at all. “We have taken a firm decision to burn our job cards,” said Presidential candidate Rajiul Islam Raju.
It was for this reason that Mawryngkhang took the most beautiful young woman and hid the cup behind her.
ML-04B-9878 was driven by Michael Nongrum of Moodymmai Village, WJH District.
Has the Central Government not allocated the funds for the payment of salaries to the SSA teachers yet or has the MDA Government allocated the funds allocated for the SSA for other purposes?” asked the Seng.
This practice of buying the people to support any candidate has become widespread in our State.
This group would like to thank the Basynshar Khynriam Channel.
The chief guest, Bah FR Kharkongor, announced the literature that was written from the mind and heart of Myllung Soso Tham in those years when society was still in the throes of the foreign rule and the beginning of the development of Khasi literature.
He also urged the people to write to the Government not to take action on this issue.
• Consideration has been given to the issues related to temporary loans to farmers to plant crops while the issues related to the provision of crop planting requirements have not been addressed. lack of credit for short-term farming activities and lack of oversight of activities related to the provision of long-term cropping inputs.
Although the farmland is long and wide, the farmers need a lot of assistance from the government such as the improvement of the water supply system so that all the farmland can get adequate water.
Nongstoiñ, June 4: Although Assam and Meghalaya are still delaying the settlement of the border in seven border areas, the people living in the villages They expected and hoped that in this second phase of the arrangement, the government will take action according to the wishes of the residents.
Let us show the world that we are capable of doing the work for the people”.
Many of the residents said that on their part, they have been appealing to the Nongmihkhmat from time to time, to urge the government to help improve the roads, so that the residents can but the government's answer is that it doesn't have the money.
The bikes were also driven from Golf Links to Don Bosco Square and ended up at Sadar Police Station.
Later, there was a surprise when the BJP, which won on the basis of religion and Hinduism, came back to power.
The inauguration ceremony was held in Ri-Bhoi District.
The MDC also told the media that his recent arrest will not affect his preparation to contest against the Prime Minister in the 2023 MLA elections.
“In our state at that time the Restriction Areas Permit (RAP) has been abolished and no mechanisms have been implemented to curb the influx and there are other weak laws. “Therefore, the FKJGP demands the Inner Line Permit, a strong law that can protect the jaidbynriew,” said the FKJGP leader. The state has a long border with Assam and Bangladesh and in the NE it is surrounded by Bangladesh, Myanmar, Nepal and Tiber. They enter Meghalaya and when they get Indian Citizenship they can enter Meghalaya easily because there are no laws to restrict them and this is the problem faced by the people. danger to the owner of the land.
Therefore, the Lyngdohsads asked why the Government of India wants to introduce the UCC. For these reasons, the Lyngdohsads urged the Law Commission and the Government of India not to to implement the UCC in India where the citizens belong to different groups and ethnic groups.
From birth to 14 years there were 219; those aged 14 to 20 years were 50; those aged 21 to 25 years were 47; those aged 26 to 35 years; those aged 36 to 50 years were 49; There were 19 cases in the age group of 51 to 59 years and 4 cases in the age group of 60 to 100 years.
Although the exact count has not yet been received and the resolution will be announced on the 2nd of October, these candidates have extended their special congratulations to the people who have come forward to cast their votes. They are valuable for bringing about a brighter future for their children, the region and the state as a whole.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Pathaw said, “With this young man, the fight has been going on for a long time and I can write today, and the drive is no longer in Finally, he became angry and joined the party.
With the existence of these SHGs, the State Government encourages them to come forward to improve their income and eradicate poverty.
Zenith said that in the Bill passed in Parliament there was no word for government price, if there is no price setting from the government how can they say that it will not affect the farmers.
The purpose of this race is also to raise awareness among the public on the importance of respecting and protecting the environment as citizens of different communities and to think about it so that mankind can get it. good health.
As an actress, Drew has been nominated nine times for various categories of the MTV Movie & TV Awards and has won only three awards at the award show.
Babu Will has been involved with the Federation of Khasi States since its foundation on 22nd August
This was announced by the Working President of the MSOA, Bah John F.Kharshiing who acknowledged the concerns of the parents of the players.
We have to follow the rules to send the case to Meghalaya from Assam,” James said.
Other speakers at the meeting included Nickson Dohling HYC, Jospar Wanniang, Badariti L Nonglait, Raidmynsaw Women Social Welfare and others. he did it while he was on earth.
Perhaps she thinks that she will get more now than in the past.
In 2004, he left India for Bangladesh and has never returned until today, said a statement from M Kharkrang, Special Superintendent of Police, Shillong.
Dispar said that in the past there was only one kind of 'Bew' in the Sohra language. “Mat ia Bew” he fell asleep, his mind was cleansed, it was the word Kutlad,” said the old man.
The provisions of the Bill are that any citizen of India or other resident or traveler who has to work through the boundary of the District Council shall be entitled to receive a Pass or certificate signed by the Chief Executive Member of the District or an officer authorized to issue such certificate.
It is learned that the man was hit by a lymbung of ngap while he was shaking a pla that had been lying on his balcony for a long time.
Rebati Phukan, who went missing from his home in Ambikagri Nagar in Guwahati, is also believed to be close to ULFA leader Paresh Barua.
According to information received by Rupang from sources, during the meeting, the village headmen or NGOs were not allowed to enter the meeting to talk to the CS in the presence of UCIL officials. It is learned that during the meeting, they discussed the difficulties faced by the department in implementing the road project in the area due to the delay in the implementation of the road project. No-Objection Certificate (NOC) from KHADC and during the meeting, the CS told them that it is difficult to start the project without getting the NOC from KHADC. He said that during the meeting, the UCIL officials told the CS that if they do not receive the NOC from the KHADC, they will not refuse to take the road project to other places that accept it.
“If the NPP is the disease, the Trinamool is the cure,” Bannerjee said.
On the other hand, these community leaders urged these students to continue to take responsibility to rise to higher ranks and their expectation as leaders is that the students will have that skills. They added that if they improve their education, it will benefit not only themselves but also their families and the community.
However, at the same time, it has been observed that there is another exploitation of the shopkeepers, shopkeepers, and also by commercial vehicles in which they increase prices despite the strict ban of the government.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) through its General Secretary, Bah Roykupar Synrem, on Tuesday said that the issues that the party puts forward are the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Constitution. Phra of the constitution of the country.
In the 3rd Division, Qualapathy beat Umpling 0-1
Then the coronavirus will also die in the fire and fall to the ground.
The CEM of JHADC also said in the House that the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Village and Town Administration Act, 1974 which empowers the residents to build houses in those areas needs to be amended. outside the Municipal Area.
She said the committee will meet again soon to consider the requirements for the approval of schools for the year
Speaking to reporters after giving evidence, the Seng leaders led by Bah James Hitler Mawphniang, Legal Affairs Secretary, said that it is now the duty of the police to arrest them. the people involved in the case.
The young man from Mawthungkper said that he has been with Maieid for eight years although he has been with Maieid since he was studying at Sankardev College.
He also acknowledged that the talks with the HPC are ongoing. “I hope that there will be a fruitful discussion so that the work will end peacefully.
She said that NEIAH should take all necessary measures to conduct research on the traditional medicine practiced by the Garo, Khasi and Jaintia people.
The process of publishing news that favors a political party is soliciting a vote for the political party and is a hallmark of paid news.
Because in the coming months the rainfall has decreased and they said that if they go out again to repair the road, the residents of four villages in the area should come together.
Under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, we are taking steps to bring about research in traditional medicine along with modern medicine.
Shillong: A petrol bomb exploded at the BJP office in Bivar Road, Shillong last night.
“They go to the people to say that they will do something but nothing,” he said.
The day was enriched by the singing and dancing of the children of the schools in Mawsiatkhnam.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: A day after the arrest of three ULFA members and one ULFA militant who is skilled in bomb blasting, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) in a statement said that the arrest of its members is a It is a great loss for the party but she said that there are still members who are willing to surrender.
During the treatment, the body should not be tired, so I have to drink plenty of water, the weight should not be low and the soldiers should be strong and alive, so I should eat and eat foods that build the blood.
The BJP has vowed to take all necessary measures to stop the NPP's actions and demanded the implementation of the Administrator's rule in the Garo District Council.
All these appointments have been made in accordance with the State Reservation Policy,” he said.
The district authorities have allowed up to 20 percent of the vendors to sell their goods in these temporary areas and the hours of selling are from 9 am to 3 pm.
The death toll in India has risen to 77 with 3,373 cases, 3,030 confirmed cases and 266 recoveries.
Dr. Batkupar Suting, Medical Officer, Zonal Hub Laitumkhrah, said that at the beginning of the teleconsultation, there were only 5 to 10 people who were trained. The service now has about 50 to 60 people who have to be trained.
The G20 Global Partnership for Financial Inclusion Document prepared by the World Bank has praised the progress made by DPIs in India over the past 50 years under the Modi Government.
He is also known as the Father of the Khasi alphabet.
Nongpoh, Lber 08: Leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today met with the Medical Superintendent of the Civil Hospital Nongpoh. The hospital does not have any special accommodation for the prisoners but they are accommodated along with the public who come for treatment at the government hospital.
Shillong, Nailar 21 : Malki SC have scored three points after beating Ryntih SC 4-2 in the first leg of the SPL 2021-2 The meeting was held on Saturday at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
Those who are missing will be found through the walk, stand, speak and story that will appear through your “JINGLONG” OR “ATTITUDE” that will be shown to the people of our state in “RYNSAN POLITICS THROUGH MOBILE PHONE AND SOCIAL MEDIA".
Arwot said that during the meeting he said that it doesn't matter if on any date as arranged by them, the Panaliar is ready to improve, but until now he has been silent. jar and Panaliar are still waiting for the date to be arranged for about 10 months and after that they will announce publicly whether it will be waiting or not.
Shillong: The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has approved the plan prepared and proposed by the State Government to relocate 342 households from the Metor area to the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
He said that he has conveyed this issue to the Union Minister and requested to allow the State Government to introduce Aadhar especially as the State Government has taken more action and also as the Government is still new. which only came into force about 2 months after the election.
“We have not ruled out the possibility of an attack in Bangladesh and neighboring states like West Bengal and Assam and therefore we take this article very seriously.
Informing about his visit to the hospital to see Sanjoy's father who was treated for shooting during the election campaign on Tuesday, the NPP leader said, “I told him that the people The Andro Constituency is located nearby.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong and Kerala Blasters FC drew 1-1 in the Hero Elite League Play-Offs at the Utorda Stadium in Goa on Saturday.
Under the leadership of Dr. Henry Lamin, several meetings of the organization have been held to select the characters needed for the writing of the Jaintia language. The meeting was held at NEHU New Guest House, Shillong after discussion and suggestions from Chairman Dr. Henry Lamin, Dr. PM Passah, Dr. Silvanus Lamare, Dr. MM Thaiang, O. Kyndiah and others. They have approved 24 alphabets for the Jaintia language as follows (A-B-C-K-D-E-NG-H-I-Y-L-M-N-N-N-OO-P-R-S-T-U-W-Y) in addition to the alphabets approved by the Autonomous District Council and Jaintia Hills Council. Soon there will be a book in Jaintia.
This is the annual thanksgiving ceremony for the country and the nation, for the brothers and sisters, who have the desire to make the first decision, for the family, the clan, the villages and the townships. that it that kingdom.
Today they were able to remove the thyrnia from the body.
Both the teachers were riding a motorbike when they reached Mynniar when they were attacked by unknown persons.
Lakmen Rymbui said that while the CM has not released the salaries, it is impossible for the state government to pay the salaries of the SSA teachers. klur, from the State's Corpus Fund to pay to these teachers.
Lucknow: Uttar Pradesh has become the first state to grant citizenship to foreigners under the Citizenship Amendment Act.
Speaking at the meeting, Rakkam congratulated the students who have worked hard to achieve their goal despite the difficulties they faced as students.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 558 new cases have been confirmed and 4221 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Earlier, the Organizing Committee of the Fourth Meghalaya Games (5MG2024) was held on 14th November 2023 at the office of the Director of Sports.
The final was played on Monday at Diengshynrum Stadium.
Shillong: The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has delayed in releasing the results of the 6th Semester of students studying in various colleges in the state. Leaders of the North Eastern Hill University Students Union (NEHU) on Tuesday met with the Controller of Examinations of NEHU to demand that he should expedite the release of the examination. This result, so that it will not affect the education of the youth, who want to continue their studies in other universities in other states of the country.
Next year, the brand will also take part in the Gucci Cruise to be held in Seoul as part of the 25th anniversary of the company's existence in the country. kept in Gyeong Palace.
“They said the end was near.
The signal phone outage is not only in this area, but in many villages in West Jaintia Hills and East Jaintia Hills districts.
Drinking at least once or twice a day is believed to be associated with a reduced risk of death from cardiovascular disease.
The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) has met Conrad Sangma on 8th July to demand that the Meghalaya government should convene a special session within the KHADC. The District Council has elected a new CEM.
The BJP has dropped incumbent MP Ramesh Chander Kaushik from Sonepat and contested against Congress MLA Mohan Lal Badoli.
The UHM will continue to investigate the truth, said a statement from the UHM West Khasi Hills District President Moonstar Nongrem.
“When we are the citizens of Meghalaya, why wasn't the Center given in Shillong?
At a time when the world is angry with the coronavirus, but these German players, came out to play lyngkhuit, as a sign of their anger, against the money-making and earning money in these countries. day, from football.
How great is the curse on the overseers in relation to the man of Ïewduh, perhaps if it continues like this, how much more is the curse in the past and future? The land owners from the authorities to those who issue various permits, the market dwellers and the market visitors will be surprised without wasting time to think carefully what they need to do or what they need to do. responsibility as individuals – or various organizations to discuss and consider what can still be done.
Regarding the proposal of the MDC of Mawhati that all the MDCs should visit these border areas, the EM said that the EC has accepted this suggestion and there will be no visit. In the coming days, these border villages which have a border dispute with Assam.
He also criticized Modi's encouragement to do Net Banking and Mobile Banking by saying that many of the rural people don't know how to use mobile phones. word too.
However, he said that it may be that they have not yet announced and he said that he has a strong hope that the ticket will go straight to him.
He urged the government to expedite the VAB. He said that the KHADC has been forced to preserve the customs and traditions and since the Bill has been passed by the ruling and opposition parties, it is also necessary. to the Government to immediately and not to delay any longer.
Two foreigners arrested by KSU Nongstoiñ Circle: Rupang.
Lamphrang said that HANM is against Garo from other states to apply for jobs during these times while the policy is under review.
The Minister said that after the Meghalaya government took the decision, the central government sent a letter saying that the central government understands the desire of the people to preserve the language. The state will continue to talk to the central government on this issue.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Minister of State, Bah H.Brolding Nongsiej, the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W.Nongsiej, the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District; CP Mawkon and BDO of Mairang C&RD Block, Dr. LR Hynniewta.
Mawkynroh FC will play against Young Boys FC and Halashlem FC will play against Youngers United FC. The event was also attended by the leading leaders of FKJGP Sawsymper Circle and other organizations, Rangbah Shnongs. Woman, Ibansara Khongriah and a song by L.Marshillong in the company of the people who came to witness this day.
In the women's under 12 category, Amaziah Gapesa Ch.
He said the GNLA demanded up to T.15,000 from one coal truck and T.2 to T.3 lakh from the owners of the coal mines.
Australia, who won the toss and elected to bat first, managed to score 199 runs in 49.3 overs. wickets lost.
He urged that there should be a school in this area to provide education to the children and there should be a Khasi subject.
Nongpoh: Two months after the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi and Karbi Anglong Districts, held a meeting regarding the problems faced by the residents of Block-2 and especially from Block-2 However, it was seen that the talks did not reach anywhere, because the Assam Police did not respect the talks and on this witnessed a suspension. The Meghalaya government has decided to build an SSA school at Khliehumwang, Ri Bhoi District.
Chutwakhu has won the Open T20 Cricket Tournament 2021 organized by the All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA).
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that the allegations in the media are wrong and if they have sufficient evidence, they should lodge a complaint with the police. government through the Prime Minister's Symbud.
Publicity Riki Mukhim told the SP, “As of now in War Jaintia, many incidents of violence are happening from time to time which frighten and shock the people of the area,” he said. “The people, out of fear, sometimes do not dare to reveal what should reveal the truth”.
The SP said that police have lodged a complaint at the Sadar police station and the investigation is ongoing.
Paul also said that I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me (Philippians 4:13).
According to the Chowkidar of the school, the fire started from the kitchen and spread. As soon as he saw the fire, he called for help but it was the fire. when all the people were fast asleep.
At the same time, the District authorities of Ri Bhoi, have announced that if any person wishes to stay in the same place within the District, whether in workplaces, schools, hostels, and others, please send us your phone number and full address by sending us a whatapps to
According to reports, there are still 12,000 to 13,000 primary school teachers who have not received any training on how to teach.
The UDGP also sought the reply from 18 Inspectors including CD Shira, S Wanshnong, B Marbaniang, P Lamare (Mawlai). PS, EKH), P Baida (Khanapara PS, Ri Bhoi), MR Marak (Nongpoh), DSR Lakiang (Nongpoh), S Baraily (Umiam), RM Sangma ( Rongjeng, EGH), SA Sangma (Williamnagar, EGH), M Koch (Baghmara, SGH), S Kharjana (Mairang, EWKH), BR Marak (Amlarem, WJH), WP Nongtdu (Khliehriat PS, EJH), M Ch Sangma ( GK Sangma (OC of Nongstoin PS, WKH).
Thank you, Mr. Shemborlang Rynniaw, President HANM, Mawshynrut Circle.
Perhaps it may be just his own opinion, Chuba Ao when he says that, I think he forgets that he is the leader of the BJP but he should not say and criticize like that.
St Anthony's College, is now preparing to receive students who intend to continue their studies, in order to pass Class XII, in the coming days.
On the other hand, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, has informed that the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi, have already appointed Magistrates to all the Block in Ri Bhoi, so that to look into the problems of the people living in those villages in these Block.
The virus has now spread to Hong Kong, with two cases in Macao and three in Taiwan.
On the 25th, the same three organizations will hold a Non Cooperation Movement or protest to call on the people and especially the Government employees to stop working or not to go to work on this day as a sign of support the struggle for the Mukroh refugees.
It may be recalled that the party has also released an email sent to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, urging the start of the bomb blast from 1st June starting from the office. The MBOSE examination will continue at St Anthony's College and St Anthony's School as well as at NEHU. get you get jam.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting this evening has decided that the chairman and co-chairman appointed by the government at the A+ and A levels can appoint four employees for their own needs.
Vanua also refers to people and is called Levi nivanua, which means people live inside Vanua or land.
It is learned that the order to paint the pork shops in white and the beef shops in red.
The delegation was led by President Rikut N Parien and General Secretary Emperor Bareh who met with Thombor Shiwat inside his office and handed over a letter to the CEM. the three issues.
In West Garo Hills, there are 10 cases including 7 high risk cases and 3 health workers.
He said that the investigation has revealed that the cause of the incident was because the TMC supporters attacked the Scorpio car of NPP MDC Habibur Zaman and his supporters. road from this village.
The BGB expressed its appreciation for the action of the BSF during the meeting between them when they handed over the woman.
Trump said signs indicated that Iran was involved in the attack and said the US was looking into the facts of the incident.
At the same time, the court informed that the residents have taken the matter to the central government which has looked into their request. feel sorry.
However, as it is now, it is clear that this share does not match the population of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo because at that time, the legislators had estimated without looking at the census,” he said. said Bah Donbok.
Now they are paid arshah kataT.7500 per month (central T.4500 + state T.3000) and Anganwadi Helpers T.3250 per month (central T.2250 + state T.1000).
Perhaps, it may be a mistake, the persecution will increase because of the time of plague there is no way, no way to ask? The Apostle Paul was the first writer of the second coming of Jesus and wrote to them believers in Thessalonica.
The HNLC has alleged that foreign wealthy people have used many villagers, contractors and politicians to fight for corruption and evade the payment of taxes. The coke factories and other factories have been operated by foreigners in the name of the villagers and there are also politicians involved in these benami activities.
The Seng urges the people not to be misled by any exploiters and the Seng also clarifies that there is no objection if you can vote in Bataw as this is the duty of the Government. .
Bah Rngad is a man who loves and contributes to the society and is also the secretary of Thranghok Rngad Academic.
He said the situation in Meghalaya is different due to the differences in land tenure and recalled that the Supreme Court has lifted the ban on coal mining by insisting on mining according to science.
He said that the struggle in the North East has started for the development of Meghalaya, but the corruption has prevented Meghalaya from developing the country. That is why the BJP wants to set up a special committee headed by a retired Supreme Court judge.
It is reported that many Khasi who could not tolerate the insult have fled their jobs, and after they fled, foreigners came back to work.
The UDP should have accused the former government of promising to allocate T.844 crore for the terminal benefit, but failed to implement the promise and MeECL will have to pay for it itself. up to T.712 crore for terminal benefit.
He said the PAC has not approved the decision of former director Dr L Lyngwa to release T.1.81 crore to the company from Chennai and the contractor Bah Rishan Rapsang to implement the project. has not started yet.
Because some people have died of starvation because of lack of food, while others have become so poor that they can no longer spend the money.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 19: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYM) under the leadership of Tailan Star Lyngkhoi, President of Mawphathien Village, together with Phangstar Nongsiej, Sordar of Mawphathien Village Council They have sent a letter to the Executive Engineer PWD Road Nongstoin Sub Division on Tuesday regarding the need for the road.
Just like adults, children need good and complete sleep for optimal physical and mental functioning.
Media reports said that the state government has counted this share as a punishment or fine for not holding the municipal elections.
It is worth mentioning that yesterday, the state government has issued new rules to curb the spread of the Omicron variant.
This would cover 99.3% of all companies.
It is understood that they have made some friends, but it is more difficult because the Congress supports Bah Pynshngaiñ.
Therefore, immediately after that at 3 pm they went to the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat for treatment but sadly the Medical & Health Officer pronounced her dead.
Also present at the opening ceremony were the BDO of C&RD Mawkyrwat, Bah I.Lawrynniang, Block Project Management Unit of BASIN, Bah Bansuk Syiem, Bah Neverlin Snaitang, Chairman of BASIN. Sharailang Tourism Cooperative Society Limited, Mawrap and others.
Shillong: The wife of Bah Kmanwel Marweiñ, 42, Merilis Lyngdoh Nonglait, on Tuesday morning, 19th July 2023, said that before he committed this crime, he came first. I went to the house in the morning to visit her, because they had been separated for 2 months.
We are ready to thank before the will of the people but not before the people in power – that is the difference,” he said.
Fructose-containing foods found in soft drinks, sweets and others are at risk of metabolic disease.
He said that the presence of VDP leaders from different villages today will help to fight against crime in the village from drugs, theft, and others. of that kind of snow.
However, to make unfounded accusations is not pleasant.
Custom: In the Khasi custom, a woman is not allowed to wear the clothes of an rangbah/shynrang or patlun like an rangbah.
Around the world, women wear a variety of different clothes whether they are kpieng, sohshkor, sati and others but they are widely used and popular.
West Madan Mustem will play against Dongmihsngi at 2.00 pm.
The petition was signed by the Meghalaya Hajong Welfare Association, the Meghalaya Rabha Jatio Sewa Sangha, the Meghalaya Koch Association, the Meghalaya Boro Sahitya Sabha and the All Mann Tai Speaking Welfare Association.
The date of the tournament will be announced in the coming days.
Police have also seized several demand letters, four mobile phones and a Scooty Aprilla number ML05 Q 9828 from the suspects. -Moto case against these 4 persons at Sadar Police Station for extortion.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, has decided to close the dam in Rilbong due to the presence of positive cases of COVlD-19 in some houses. Gopal Thapa's house, Nepali Compound, Rilbong and Sushma Talukdar's house, Burnside Area, near Sankardev College Girls Hostel, Rilbong.
She said that the price of sohsaw will decrease only if people stop buying it.
Bah Lyngdoh also blessed the book that it will really touch the hearts of the readers so that they will feel that it is really necessary to go abroad to preach the gospel of salvation through Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the National President of the National People's Party (NPP), has sought immediate assistance from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Egypt for the evacuation of all these 27 citizens.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 23: A group of robbers dressed as soldiers and unidentified have stolen T.80,000 from the employees of a quarry. far-faced jomgki.
Therefore, if they cannot come to implement, the union has warned that it will take other strong measures, where due to the lack of network many people have suffered losses. especially students.
The incident happened at 2 pm this morning, when the truck was coming from Jowai to Assam, but when it reached the scene, the driver of the truck, The truck, tried to avoid another small vehicle which was driving improperly on this road and from this avoidance of this small vehicle, this truck overturned in the middle of the NH-0
The village is located at a distance of 4.5 kilometers from the Indian border, on the banks of the Tsari Chu River in Upper Subansiri district.
Nabin Khakhlary Manager, RBI Shillong, taught the children to recognize easily what is bad money and what is good.
They keep the law of Moses holy and keep the Sabbath because they do not believe that Jesus is the Lord of the Sabbath, they regard him only as a Rabbi or Teacher, who was born of a woman in Bethlehem of Judea.
However, I have already mentioned that the way to get the ILP is not only in words but also in the Bill KHAD Regulation, .
Shillong, July 25: The North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) has released the results of the Final B.Com (Honours) examination. Out of 951 candidates, 808 passed and 84.96 candidates passed. percent.
Hopefully you will get more than this,” said Aiti and looked at the money that had been thrown into the robbery jar. That night Hiram was alone thinking about his past.
But all their works they do to be seen of men.
Guwahati: There was a massacre of civilians in Mon district of Nagaland last night, where troops attacked civilians, according to reports.
The shooters, including the husband of the woman and two other young women, were arrested and shot dead, because they were involved in the love affair with the man. and this person.
Instead of bringing peace and benefit, this has brought destruction to the family and society.
Jowai, June 09: The Shangpung Area today lodged an FIR at Raliang Police Out Post, West Jaintia Hills District, on the collapse of a footbridge. The Soil and Water Conservation Department has recently built a new road at Moolishah, which falls under the Khliehmuchut village.
At the same time, he said the BJP will contest the Lok Sabha elections without any alliance.
While they were walking, suddenly an earthquake struck and covered them.
This City does not refer only to that place beyond this world.
He said that it is appropriate to remember the great men of the region who have done good for the country and the nation who have passed away especially if it is possible. that the generation to come may follow the good example of the fathers.
He said that in the last 30 years of his political life, he has never held the post of Lamphang, but all the posts he has held from chairman, minister, symbud ministeri, and minister. old soul.
Meghalaya Speed ​​Skating is recognized by the Speed ​​Skating Federation of India.
“Sniaw has announced his candidate at a meeting held in Mukhla and this has shown that he is an anti-party Congress minister,” said the JBCC. They urged the Congress party and the Chief Minister to take action to punish the minister according to the rules of procedure of the party.
This obviously means that we will not be able to make a difference.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The family members of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew together with the leaders of the Sur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep (KSKBUH) on Thursday left for the Sadar Police Station to investigate the complaint. against the police involved in the shooting death of former Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) leader Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew during a raid on his residence on the morning of 13th July,
Shillong: U Bah Syntar Class Sun, MLA Mawphlang, has passed away this evening.
Nongstoiñ, March, 07: The initiative of the religious leaders to set up mission schools not only in the urban areas but also in the remotest areas, has been of great benefit to the people, especially in this age of all of them understood to promote dangle education and to encourage their children to go to school.
I myself will remember you to be a doer, not a hearer,” said Bruton.
He said that he has taken note of the lack of schools and sports grounds in the village.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: After it was reported in Rupang that it has become difficult to get MP scheme because of the percentage, the Sordar of Mawkdok has clarified that his statement does not mean that he is referring to the MP scheme. to the current MP but it is a scheme in the past.
I would like to thank the police, who have immediately started to investigate such ideas of stealing and robbing, have worked quickly to arrest such youths, which has turned into a tragedy. Therefore, I would like to express my gratitude to the people for the confidence and satisfaction of the people in the working methods of the police.
The employees have been on strike to force the department to increase their salaries from November this year.
Before the awards ceremony, a meeting was held by Samla Aurora B. Pamksang Assistant General Secretary War Jaintia Circle. Samla Ohibait Dkhar, Samla Readyonstone Nongrum in his speech congratulated the students of War Jaintia for doing well in this examination and urged them not to end up like this. work harder from now on so that you can reap the sweet fruit of success.
The Mawjrong Parish consists of 64 villages and the population of Catholics is only about 6000 people.
The party you are in now, I hear, has rejected these ideas of yours.
Workers are paid minimum wage, do not get holidays and other rights.
Ardent assumed the post of CEM on 8th October 2014 and resigned on 26th July 2014, which lasted 6 months and 18 days.
The purpose of the meeting was to encourage and motivate the children and students who are the hope of the future.
“If these parties don't want to accept my terms, I am ready to contest as an independent candidate in the upcoming election, but I still need to think carefully, because if I have entered I don't want to leave again,” he said. he added.
Dr. Jitendra Singh said that Shillong should have an adequate airport in the city and the central government will provide financial assistance to expand the airport at Umroi.
This news has angered the residents of Mawkliaw-Kemrang, the largest of these seven villages which is also the center of the area. The elders of the village to think about how to do it.
“The duty of the Regional Committee is to resolve those areas where there is a dispute as mentioned by the two areas. to be included in this section".
The AJCCTA has also warned those drivers who leave stones on the road when their vehicle breaks down.
The Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia Unit have urged the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to provide more security to the villages of the state on the border by sending more police and BSF personnel to provide security. protect them especially right for mynmiet.
It is not that I am against the Garo brothers and sisters.
This requires the approval of the Cabinet, therefore we have brought it for discussion and it has been approved”.
If we look back at the meetings on that day, we remember that all 60 people expressed their love for the nation and the state, saying that the ILP alone is not enough and many others are needed. There are also laws to protect the rights of indigenous peoples to land, trade, language, culture, dance and song and so on as the minorities of India.
When asked whether the MDC of Sohra has received any NOC from the exporter to Bangladesh, Bah Jansing said that the Council has not received any NOC from the exporter to Bangladesh yet.
whose job is only to gain fame and glory from men.
Through this article I urge and invite all the citizens and fellow countrymen who believe in the foundation to earn righteousness and eat from the ground, shall we allow corruption and discrimination to destroy the foundation type of person? Is the acquisition of our own State so expensive? Will it be turned into a household house or a fortress of corruption and nepotism? A great duty and responsibility lies before us to immediately abolish the myth that those in power can do whatever they want and only those who have the wealth can and have the right to be leaders or rulers.
Through this match, the two teams remain in the same position on the points table.
Replying to a question by the Chief Whip of the Opposition Saleng A Sangma whether the government has any proposal for the development of the SRWP scheme, the CM said that although this He said that the government will have to look into the allocation of funds because in the last five years it has already increased the SRWP scheme to T.50 lakh. .
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wahkaliar Unit on Tuesday distributed pamphlets to the public as part of the awareness campaign on the corona virus or covid-1
The elderly, women, those who have two bodies, from the big to the small, get the disease, it seems that it is also common, because there are those who get the disease all over the household.
He said that if the Harijans admit that they have lived for 200 years, there will be no problem for them to prove and submit documents to the government.
Up to 93820 people have been infected in the past few years but 92214 people have recovered.
He also mentioned the central government's allocation of T.9 lakh crore for the construction of infrastructure for the development of the North East and T.3,400 crore for the North East Special Infrastructure Development. .
In this regard, the KSU and HNYF leaders have requested the government to improve the Blood Bank at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh and to install adequate equipment for blood testing. The Blood Bank at Nongpoh Civil Hospital will be able to provide services to the people who are in urgent need of blood and will not face any problems in terms of obtaining blood and also to reduce the cost.
Sharma said the NDA will form governments in all three states.
Therefore, whether there is an election or not, we will take the issues of the Jaidbynriew forward without sleeping,” he said.
Six persons have died, of whom five are from East Khasi Hills and one from West Garo Hills.
Dr Aditi Baruah, Associate Professor of Pediatrics, said that 60 children have been admitted to the AMCH hospital so far and five of them have died.
In this regard, the Nongstoin Police Station has suspended the SI for the Panorama Films Festival in Shillong, 16th July. :According to an RTI posted on the Facebook page of Agnes Kharshiing, President CSWO, it was seen that the government has sought information on the expenses of the Panorama Film Festival recently. in the city of Shillong.
Young men and workers of these areas have been mining coal.
The celebration was attended by dignitaries including Prakash Kishore, Founder and Director of Positive Energy Art Foundation; Dr Nawat Lertsawaengkit, Assistant Professor, Faculty of Arts, Silpakorn University (formerly Honorary Director of Positive Energy Art Foundation); and Dr Thanatorn Jiarakun, Dean, Faculty of Decorative Arts, Silpakorn University.
Asst.Costume, Enao Kongpal and Romesh, Director of Photography, Nareshwar RK, Asst.Camera, Rojit, Light, Brojen, Trolly and Ingocha. it's Leo's Name.
Police said they recovered an AK-47, a pair of slippers, Commondo uniforms, a commando tupia and a GNLA demand letter from the scene. Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370, which went missing since the 8th of this month, with 239 people on board, has been searched for nearly two months. I left Kuala Lumpur for Beijing.
The Commission also said that Meghalaya is a state that includes people of all religions and beliefs and who enjoy the rights of democracy in accordance with the Constitution of the country.
The ceremony was also attended by the office bearers of the JPK Seng Khasi (Kmie) under the leadership of Rgh BS Rumnong, followed by the leaders of the Seng Kynthei and other prominent figures from the Seng Khasi (Kmie). Department of the Khasi Party.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle (KSU) has strongly condemned the dismissal of Mercy Lamin Amdep, Nongbareh Rim, Helper (AWH) for not having Aadhar. Card.
Moyna has been considered the backbone of Adhikari's household, and the BJP has felt that it has received a lot of support.
Welcoming the two MLAs to the party, NPP National President Conrad K Sangma said that although the wedding ceremony was held on this day, the ( NPP and PDF) have been gathering for a long time.
Amazon and DGFT will focus on training MSMEs on e-commerce and help them sell their goods and services to customers around the world.
Money has been spent to buy electors Sharum shaneng needs carriers To buy at the price of the people Once again, to collect the wealth of the electorate, near the time Beginning of peace and happiness! To win back, the people of Ri Kyrtong say “because of you”.
There is no law against flat sellers, foreigners can buy flats as they please.
It is learned that the shooter tried to shoot a child but the bullet went wrong and hit the child while she was walking.
Trinity Saioo, Padma Shree Awardee, came to participate and encouraged the farmers to work hard, by recalling her desire to market Turmeric. ) across the country and abroad as well.
It is also worth mentioning that the victim, who is said to be disabled, was allegedly raped by Lurstarwell Rani, until she became poor. Police have arrested Lurstarwell Rani and he is currently in jail.
Speaking to reporters, Wanniang said, “For this road, the government has also sent people to survey and we have received information that the first phase of the survey has been completed. It is about 50 kilometers from Nonglang to Umit.
Regarding the merger of these former leaders of the RBYF, the leaders of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar have been delighted, as they feel that the group has become stronger and more able to do good deeds in Ri Bhoi.
To apply, please call 9612777634.
More than 1000 youths have applied for the personal interview for the post of SF-10 Police Officer, but the results have not been received due to the complaint of a youth seeking employment. the examination is not clean.
Some of these youths said that they have taken money from banks to buy two shaka to earn money. They said that this ban by the RTA will make it difficult for them to pay the loan. took.
Prestone Tynsong's explanation was on the question whether the payment of bills is only for those works that have been completed and started.
About 80 crore beneficiaries under the NFSA have received an additional 5 kilos of food items (wheat or rice) for the months of June 2021 and July,
There are also those who say that it should be resolved on the basis of consensus, who will give, who will take (give and take policy), it should be resolved.
Christians walk in hope, Peace be with you.
P.Nongshlong, Sordar of Mawïamsyiem Village, told reporters that the Assam government officials without informing the District Administration of West Khasi Hills. and malicious intent.
“Whether it is a scheme like the health scheme, the central government follows the West Bengal government and we take this example of them as a good thing that they followed us and it was at the time of Narendra Modi. and Amit Shah came to stay for two months in West Bengal to take advantage of us,” he said.
“Therefore, we strongly request anyone who has any misunderstanding about the Catholic Christian faith, we are ready to have a discussion and explanation without gossip but with mutual respect for the feelings and beliefs of others” Mr. Mutshwa Thabah, President of the Jowai Diocese, said in a statement.
Dongmihsngi scored 5-0 against Chilliangraij.
“But don't think about it.
Pc throughout the District which prohibits the mining of shyiap by any individual or group and if found they may be confiscated along with the equipment used such as vehicles and others.
Besides films, Warner Bros. has also produced cartoons including Looney Tunes, Merrie Melodies, Daffy Duck, Porky Pig and others which have appealed to children.
That will be a catastrophe that will affect the bodies and souls of the dead and their loved ones.
Oresterwell Langshiang scored the first goal for Jarain FC in the 44th minute.
"As of 9 pm on Sunday, 123,538 Palestinians have been forced to leave their homes in Gaza," OCHA said in a statement.
The BJP and Prime Minister Narendra Modi will not allow that,” he said.
To help during this time, the Delhi government will distribute ration to 72 lakh ration consumers in Delhi for the next two months,” Kejriwal tweeted.
Before the ceremony, the Ri Bhoi Youth Anthem was sung, which is part of the memory of the past leaders who carried the lyngkor. to develop Ri Bhoi in all aspects.
On the other hand, Stranger said that the village has already sent a letter to the local MLA to request him to provide a scheme from the government to work on this road and he hopes that the local MLA will will take steps to provide a colored road for the convenience of the residents of this area.
Emerson was named Man of the Match.
The statement that such incidents cannot always be arrested is a criticism of the working methods of the police department which we all know there have been many cases where the police have not stopped to find evidence and arrest criminals. in the city or in the spirit.
We firmly believe that this is only the beginning and will continue to require many discussions and meetings especially between MLAs, MDCs and MPs to reach a consensus on how to amend the special provisions in the Constitution of India. Protect the customs and traditions of our Khasi and Jaintia people.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Khlursing Lyngdoh State President BJP Meghalaya who blessed and encouraged the youth to do their job properly for the development of the society. All the office bearers of BJYM Meghalaya and office bearers from different districts took part in this meeting and discussed the issue of recruitment of new members to the party across the state. .
Although the elite intellectuals insult and try to involve any groups that work for the development of their nation, it is like a stepping stone to rise higher and higher. to show that NGOs can also do it if others can.
The first title of Mr Mawkynrew 2024 was won by Banpyndaplang Ryndong from Thangsning, the second place went to Willborn Mynsong from Mawleiñ and the third place went to Kyrshanborlang Kharumnuid from Rapleng.
Residents of Assam-Meghalaya border in Block I have alleged that Assam police have shot dead three Pnars including a 16-year-old child. years from the village of Mowjem.
The winner of the 7th T20 Tennis Ball Knockout Cricket Tournament 2023 will receive a cash prize of T.30,0
Even at the meeting he had convened with all the parties, he did not specify the places to go to Assam.
“Recently, the VPP has suspended its strike demanding the re-appointment of retired officers appointed by the Lokayukta.
Shillong: The SDO of Civil Sub Division, Pynursla, today issued an order, written in English, to allow vehicles to pass through the Sub Division.
In a statement, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs strongly condemned the state government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma for introducing various laws and regulations which has violated the customs and traditions. The Prime Minister and Government Ministers should resign if they cannot bring about governance and welfare of the people.
Regarding the blockade of these border roads, Bah Nazarious Lamare, said that the police have blocked these roads connecting to the border villages between Ri Bhoi District and Assam. As part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-19, by closing these roads, it has prevented the widespread movement of people from Meghalaya and Assam.
On the other hand, members of the RBYF, Nongpoh Circle, today, donated Tin sopiing and Blankets to the family.
Those who opposed him were arrested and imprisoned.
John F Kharshiing said that the IOA & AA is still alive and the Government of India has no choice but to implement all the agreements and promises when the Government of the Federation of Khasi States will emerge.
Shillong, June 02 : Umphyrnai SC has won the Under-10 Football League 2023 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
In November 2022, the district authorities of West Khasi Hills had already demolished the coal factory, and now it is the demolition of the coal factory. bthei to the coal mines.
Turoi Phawa from East Jaintia Hills has won her first gold medal at the opening ceremony of the Chief Minister's State Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 organized by the Sports Department of the State Government. Tuesday at the Sports Authority of India (SAI) Training Center at NEHU, Shillong.
However, Breel Embolo's goal in the 48th minute gave Switzerland the victory.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: Teachers under the banner of the Meghalaya Sarva Education Abhiyan Schools Association (SSASA) today handed over their demands to the Secretary to the Chief Minister for Education, Dr RC Laloo. they shall not be given up within ten months.
She said that there are about 400 natural disasters that happen every year in the world, and lakhs, tens of lakhs and billions of crores have to be spent.
Therefore, the union has sent a message to all those who come to take medicine and especially those who are addicted to drugs that if they come to take medicine from this hospital, they should take it with dignity.
“What we are doing now whether it is FOCUS or PRIME we are doing for the people and those who have received it have really benefited especially the SHGs, Cooperative Societies have really benefited through this scheme”.
Rev.RF Kharkrang, Treasurer KJP Synod Sepngi said, “We should not worry, all these incidents come, they happen in different ways that we see and encounter, such as accidents, natural disasters. or others and all these do not happen without any reason and are for God's purpose.
The risk of developing diabetes stems from many reasons, including the increase in the incidence of diabetes in families who do not already have diabetes due to lifestyle choices.
One young woman died in the accident and the driver was taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for serious injuries.
“We have started providing financial support to farmers through Focus and Focus Plus and this support we have shown by our actions but what do those who promise to provide financial support to youth and women do while they are in power? rule the state," he said.
Thongni is the oldest member of the HNLC in Bangladesh, having joined the HNLC in 2001. He was trained in Chittagong, Bangladesh and lives in Bilwa, Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 13: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) Central Body (JSM) on Tuesday expressed its strong opposition to the construction of a Muslim mosque in Jowai.
There was also a welcome ceremony after the short meeting.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on Friday said that the state government will convene the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to hold a discussion on the issue. regarding the evacuation of 342 households from Them Metor (Mawlong Market Area) after the puja holiday.
These people, mostly Christians, although the country has a large Muslim population, it is said that when their family members die, they do not hurry to bury them, but they bury them. for months inside the house or they build a special house, which is called 'Tongkonan' or the house of the deceased.
It is not surprising that many of these motorcycle drivers are Khasi drivers.
The fertilizer, called 'Water Chakra', is specially reserved for use in outdoor areas.
These days, it is seen that everywhere you go, there are only fast food outlets.
Lajong and Rangdajied met in the final of the MSL 2019 in Khliehriat where the match reached a tie breaker where Lajong won 3-0
The NGOCC including YMA, MUP, MHIP, MZP and MSU, also carried flags as part of the protest.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in the presence of James K Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs and Bah AL Hek, Minister of Foreign Affairs, today met with Bah Adelbert Nongrum. MLA together with the Rangbah Shnongs of Mawkhar, Jaiaw, Wahingdoh, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Jaiawpdeng, Mission Compound in the presence of the elders and youth at the Secretariat today, to discuss the peace and order situation. law in the areas around Motphran including Mawkhar and other surrounding areas.
However, the government has not yet been able to meet many of the needs and even to ensure the line separating the villages, land that should be allocated to the Eastern West and West Khasi Hills.
“I told Conrad to go and seal these tanks, but he said that I have received reports from our people that they are not there. crack and I said I’ll go see it and I’ll tell you, I’ll shoot a movie.
If this happens, our youth will surely get government jobs in all government departments like the Police Department, Health Department and in all government departments our youth will get jobs in this state.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Police have not been able to serve the people. intentional murder even though it’s just human error.
Before the planting of trees, a short meeting was held at the ground floor of the school conducted by Pynshai Joel Dkhar in the presence of the Hedamaster of the school, Babu P.Lyngdoh. , Bah KP Pangniang, former MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam and Chairman of the Managing Committee of the school.
Before joining the Ar Hima and becoming a player, he made his debut for Laitumkhrah in
This will often save the plants from becoming infected, as the water in contact with the diseased tree does not get in contact with the healthy plant.
She said that she should also pay the arrear collected from the employees which belongs to them besides the new bill but till now it has not been done.
The death toll has risen to 8,700 Palestinians in Gaza and the West Bank and another 1,400 in Israel.
Is the government the landlord? Who gave you the authority? asked Gogoi.
However, in Meghalaya, the Lariti Department is like a small branch of a tree where the government has not pushed too much because it feels that it is of no use.
It has prompted the government to set up a High Level Committee to find a way to resolve this issue.
“I don't want to say whether the power of money works or not but the winner and his people know better,” said the Sohra MLA.
It affects our own lifestyle :- There are many elderly people who are proud that they are famous people and who are worthy to lead as longkñi in the welfare of their children, forgetting that the authority and honor which they have over their own children has been taken away and taken away by the children of their children in the birth of their children. of themselves.
? Let's go to sleep while we're still burning.
Wine stores are not called development and so on.
The RDA for Robertjune Kharjahrin and the VPP for Dr.
Explaining to reporters, Bah Minsing Makri, said that the allegation that he has insulted our honorable MLA, Dr. DD Lapang, is baseless and true, because in fact as a leader The Congress has been working with Dr. DD Lapang since 1977, and until now he has not fought against the party or Dr. DD Lapang.
Earlier, India under Craig Fulton (coach) topped Pool-A after winning all their matches, while South Korea came second in Pool-A. In Pool-B.In the semi final, India, who are ranked fourth in the world men's rankings, struggled to play well from the start by scoring first in the first leg of the tournament. 5th minute through Hardik Singh.
This will completely change all the traditional tasks of providing a fair trial.
Besides the beautification of the roadside by planting trees along the entire length from Markasa Market, the installation of railings and radium beautification is another area to attract more tourists.
Shillong CAB played well from the start and scored 59 runs for Manthan Dey (41 off 26 balls) and Shubham Rasailly (21 off 24 balls).
The Seng said that during the inspection, it found that many foreigners have trading licenses but most of the shops do not have Labor Licence, while the shops sell teer counters. I don't have a licence.
“They have not paid the arrear and have not increased their salaries since November 2014 and have refused to implement the wage rate set by the government,” said the leaders in a complaint lodged with the managing officer. director of the company.
She said that in West Garo Hills alone, more than 1000 women have died of anemia and malnutrition in the past six months.
The CSWO Central Body under the leadership of Kong Irene Hujon as President, expresses its deep sorrow and at the same time sorrow over the incidents in East Jaintia Hills, where two precious souls have been lost.
Therefore, on the border issue with Them Metor, I urge the political parties to refrain from politics,” he said.
Shillong: UDP MLA from Sohiong, Bah Synshar Kupar Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that there are two types of people, those who speak without thinking and those who think before speaking.
Nongpoh, Lber 31: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has been established in 1979 to provide special services to the people of Ri Bhoi and also to develop the Ri Bhoi in general. The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RIF) today held its first meeting between the former and current leaders of the Federation to discuss and strengthen the party so that it can continue to serve. to the people of Ri Bhoi District.
When they become Chief Ministers/Ministers, they will become Chief Ministers.
Those who suffer from disasters on the one hand are often selfish and walk in their own path.
Why don't you go to a private doctor?
Therefore, the Seng invites all the dancers and singers including the Associations/Clubs as well as those who have participated in various competitions to join and give their full support in this regard. Denny Rynjah, Organizing Secretary, said in a statement.
Therefore, we demand against the authorities who have forced the Dkhar to immediately remove the Finance Adviser of these two households of the jaitbynriew, otherwise the jaitbynriew will be destroyed. to the hole.
The purpose of the Literary Fest is to encourage the students of Ri-Bhoi District to showcase their talents in art and literature. through various competitions and it is a pleasure to see the participation and development of the students not only in the classrooms but also to showcase them to the world.
Prof Kma said the VC has approved to set up a committee to discuss issues related to the marking system and the problems of the hostel students as well as the health needs among others. .
However, the government has not accepted those suggestions.
They said that in many constituencies, the NPP will contest against other parties whether it is against the UDP, Congress, PDF, HSPSP, BJP, TMC, VPP and others. other spirits.
According to media reports, there are currently nine doctors treating Baghdadi in Raqqa, including a senior doctor from a hospital in Mosul, and Baghdadi is being kept secret. way that America would never have been.
Our MDA government is under the leadership of the NEDA or North East Development Alliance.
“Therefore, from now on, there will be no more hearings by the Commission and this Commission will disappear gradually especially once the notice is issued,” said the Justice.
On the other hand, Dr. Evarist Myrsing said that the BJP's celebration of World Tourism Day is part of the goal of tourism as one of the sources of employment. It is for this reason that this celebration was held inside Mawïambei which is one of the places that can attract tourists.
The tournament was held as part of the Meghalaya Cricket Association's Inter District Tournament.
He said the country has started to reject this belief after the introduction of the National Education Policy.
Expressing his gratitude to the people who gave their full support to the VPP at the meetings it held across the districts to explain the need to review the Reservation Policy and the need to suspend the Roster System. , Bah Batskhem said that the party invites the people on the 12th June 2023 at 2 pm accompanied by the VPP leaders to submit a letter to the government at the Secretariat.
Rangina Kargar, from Afghanistan's Faryab province, said staff at the airport had been holding her from 6 pm until she landed. until 10pm, when they sent her back to Istanbul via Dubai.
The groups of this season are Group A – Nongkseh SC, Mawshbuit SC, Group B – Nongkseh SC, Mawryngkneng SC, Group C – Sanmer SC, Umpling SC, Mawpat SC, Mylliem Lum SC, Lumparing SC, Group D – Nongumlong SC, Lawmali Pyllun SC, Rynjah SC, Tynring SC, Lumdiengjri SC. , Group A, 5:15 PM.4 Risaw – Nongkseh vs Mawshbuit, Group B, 4:45 PM.5 Risaw – PFR Academy vs Pomlakrai, Group B, 5:15 PM.6 Risaw- Sanmer vs Umpling, Group C, 4:15 PM.7 Risaw – Mawpat vs Mylliem Lum, Group C, 2:30 PM.7 Risaw – Nongumlong vs Lawmali Pyllun, Group D, 4:30 PM".
Ka Phang: The light of the Future, behind the scenes.
The ISBT, which was inaugurated by Defense Minister Amit Shah last year, will start operations on 1st June
Jowai, Nailar 29: Madan Kynsaw Mawkyndeng SC has won the final of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the SWDS Association. ) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, North Jowai.
The Government of the Chief Minister and the Cabinet as a whole should take responsibility to complete all these pending works to avoid any protests in the state.
Schools wishing to participate in this football tournament should submit the names of the players along with passport size photographs and Xerox copies of the Birth Certificates issued by the office. Aadhaar Card to the office of the DSO on or before 2nd July during working hours.
Today, it was reported that people from Laitkroh-12 Shnong have visited these villages to inspect the damage and to inform the government to provide assistance to the affected.
“Spend 10 hours until the time of voting, on the 27th your 10 hours and your 10 votes for 5 years for Bah Sounder S.Cajee “This Mawkyrwat Constituency will be a blessing and a change for the entire nation,” said Dereck O.Brien.
The total budget is Rs 2,029 crore.
Tynrong Mawsaw Village was founded in 1970 by Hin Dkhar, In Myrthong, Brialla Sangriang, Cyril Khawmaw, Phinian Thongni, Brigida Syiemlieh, Rosina Dkhar and her children. they.
Tyrsa said that the government's failure to repair the Aganwadi center has turned into a rain shelter for goats and cows. the wicked, who put the children who walk in terror.
The defender has made 30 appearances in the Indian Super League (ISL) in two seasons.
“The President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, has brought this issue to the House but it has ended up that they don't want to allow it and the General Secretary of the VPP has already brought it to the House. “I have written to the Government to demand a special session to discuss this issue,” he said.
None of the passengers would talk to him because they were not used to riding with him.
The court imposed a fine of T.10-15 lakh depending on the age of the victims.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 12: U Bah Baiahunlang Makdoh, also known as Bah Baia, who is also a retired officer of the PWD (Rds) department, has decided to contest the Legislative Assembly elections. to be held in 2023 from Mawhati Constituency.
Pariat will contest the MDC election from the UDP from Jowai South constituency against Dunno Nongpluh from the Congress.
“We regret the loss of lives, the violation of the country’s constitutions regarding the safety and privacy of men, women and children and the attack on places of worship and educational institutions.
The kingdom of righteousness and truth—the kingdom of love—the kingdom of mutual respect and sharing—share the wealth and blessings that God has poured out.
Later, people passing by the office called out to the police and as soon as they heard this, the residents who lived near the office came out and went to the office. and put out the fire that is burning.
The Minister said that the government will not be able to amend the MoU because the ruling government in 2011 has handed over to the Assam government the map that it does not own the land since and that the demarcation in 2022 is in accordance with the report and survey submitted in
We cannot say that it is only the Khasi people who still give jait and take jait to the woman although there are those in our country who have tried to give and take jait to the father but these are not many salonsar. we are still giving birth and taking birth from our mother.
On 22nd June, 2020, he took his oath of office at Salesian College, Dimapur.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The State Government on Friday decided to set up the Meghalaya Education Recruitment Board (MERB) to fill the vacancies in the Ministry of Education within three to six months.
Behind this victory, Coach Bah Bobby Nongbet and the staff of this team were the main reason, as most of these children are those whom he himself has worked hard for many years to get. sow the holy seed.
“Because of this incident, there may be a conspiracy of many people to misuse the money and the law should be taken against them,” she said in the complaint.
Therefore, instead of forcing them to do whatever they want, they can teach them the most precious thing—the love of God and so on—and help them to become perfect human beings. Full human beings who can decide for themselves what they want to be and at the same time honor their parents according to the Word of God (Proverbs 22:6) remember that the law takes away love = the struggle against love take away the law = it is synjor love is the law = understand the truth and encourage others to do something.
At the same time, there is also a shortage of water.
In Khasi-Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills, besides the rain, there are many things that happen, we have mountains, rivers, bridges, plains, heavy rain, valleys, thwei and others. Is it right to give a name to that cloud? Therefore, our State, which is the State of Hynniewtrep in Khasi-Jaintia Hills and Garo in Garo Hills, should be renamed "Hynniewtrep & Garo Land" we the Indigenous people who are the Lords and Rulers of the State in our own wisdom and ability.
The Dolloi also agreed to inform the leaders of the villages, Seinraij about the leadership of the Dorbar Niam in preparing for the safety and orderly conduct of the activities related to the Shad. Niam Behdeinkhlam this year and also appealed to all the leaders to take action to work together at this time with one voice and one goal as directed so that the completion of the religious activities accompanying the The joy and happiness during these days of the Shad Niam Behdeinkhlam should be in harmony with the Tipbriew-Tipblei.
The announcement was made in accordance with the Trading by Non Tribal Regulation Act which makes it illegal for foreigners (non Tribal) to sell goods in the square or on footpaths.
Regarding the sudden expulsion of these 25 persons, Bah Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF, said that the HNYF strongly condemns the expulsion of these 25 persons.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donbok congratulated and expressed his gratitude to Bah PT Sawkmie for fulfilling their dreams during his tenure as MLA. He has also agreed to provide a shelter for the HYC Mawlai Circle in Mawlai Umjaiur and now here in Mawïong Umjapung.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 79 new cases have been confirmed and 761 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 30 : Mawkhumkha village under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division is one of the oldest villages in Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division.
The time also demands that the government should try to find ways and means to introduce fly-overs in those areas where traffic jam is more severe especially in the central areas such as part of Barik, Mawlai Bridge and also parts of Umshyrpi.
Shillong, March 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Thursday said that the state government has not yet stopped to explain the need to build a railway line in the state especially for the He said that he will convene a meeting of all the groups opposed to this in the coming days.
“The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma welcomed the delegates, trainees and officials on this occasion.
Speaking on the occasion, AT Mondal said that this consultation will be of great help to the North Eastern States to promote the use of electricity from the wind and solar panels to fill the electricity shortage in Meghalaya.
In the past, they knew first the knowledge of man and without doubt (automatically) the knowledge of God would come.
However, Dr David Tariang has increased his salary to 1.70 lakh tyngka and Bah KT Rynjah has increased his salary to 1.70 lakh tyngka. to 50000 rupees per month.
She said that she has not been able to build a house due to poverty, where her father died five years ago and she supports herself by selling sha.
There are many other stories which are of great value in the thought of the Khasi people.
Just as Jesus was a teacher, He taught clean politics, so let the churches and church leaders teach the people clean politics and give training to the people without hesitation. How to elect MLA/MP/MDC and other leaders in a way that is good and clean.
At the end of the tournament, the MDSA distributed prizes and medals to all the teams and especially to the Mawthynrew Youth Sports Club which won the Third Division. Photjaud-Rangthong SC, which won the Second Division, won the trophy and a cash prize of T.30,0
At the meeting, Magdalin Diengngan President HSPDP Women Wing Maweit Area, said that Maweit area is lagging behind in all aspects, whether it is in roads, health and others.
“Therefore, we have issued a strong directive to the DGP and all the district authorities to take action on this issue and to monitor the conduct of each election campaign.
Welcome speech was also delivered by Kong N.Sutnga, UDA DSWO, Jowai.
“The shooting of a rangbah just because he carries cows or muid without investigation, the arrest of Khasi children just because they shoot Dkhars and they also say to curb the violence.
Speaking on education, u Pilot said that it is an issue that needs to be addressed as it has been neglected by the present government and said that the Gross Enrollment Ratio in 2019-2 The start of schooling is lower than in other states in the North-East.
Sanju Singh, resident of Harijan Colony, Shillong, was arrested while driving a night super bus (AR 20 9990) from Silchar. They intended to come to Shillong with these illegal drugs.
They also said that this vocational training can be extended to Video Conferencing.
The items seized by the police include two gun frames, a gun barrel, a knife, several water bottles, small batteries and silver. and other weapons and many of these firearms and ammunition were seized from the house of Linter Ryntathiang and some were seized from the house of Mastoring Ryntathiang.
He said that the department itself is fully equipped and if the Red Cross cooperates with the government, he is sure that the hospital will be one of the places where the people will get many benefits. aid.
The owner of the house was identified as Najum Hazarika, who handed over the room to the victims.
“I want to make it clear that we are not full Indians but only voters because governments remember us only at this time," he said.
Regarding the promise from the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the land vendors said that Prestone Tynsong has promised to take action on their suggestions for talks with the government. for their benefit.
Phrangki Buam scored six goals, Samuel Kynshi five and Mahesh Naorem four.
Of this, Rs 154.21 crore was received from the Housing and Urban Development Corporation Ltd (HUDCO), Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs, New Delhi.
Shillong: U Mukul Sangma, CLP leader of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), along with other MLAs of the party on Tuesday came to the Assembly Secretariat to submit their reply to a complaint filed by the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC). The Congress party on the demand for the nomination of MLAs under the 10th Schedule.
The Executive Director of the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA), Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri, on July 16, 2013, said that no reports of casualties have been received from the natural disasters that occurred last month. the dep.
At the same time, it is hoped that through the existence of such a Center, it will help the elderly to relax their minds, to get rid of loneliness, depression and many diseases.
Police in East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday seized 252 grams of heroin from Umtyra on National Highway u Thank you Paite.
Shillong, Nailar 12 : The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma has alleged that the NPP-led MDA government was formed by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and therefore the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma. he is the tyngshop of Delhi.
At the same time, on the Reservation Policy, he said that it has been 50 years since this policy was introduced.
He said that other non-Khasi people just want to live in peace and peace even if they have to fall into Assam and the Khasi people themselves want to be in Meghalaya.
He said the government should not deprive the people of the right to information just because of the tragic incident in Mukroh.
Last month, police have arrested two Assa nationals and seized 3 kilos of heroin from them. worth up to Rs 15 crore.
Assam does whatever it wants and enters and arrests whatever it wants inside the Khasi land. Why does this show that the Khasi people are dead?
Shillong, March 30: U Bah Rich B.Marwein has lodged a complaint with the Lumdiengjri PS Police Station that on the night of the 29th of this month at 7:30 pm, unidentified robbers have thrown stones at him. The incident happened at Paltan Bazar, Shillong.
He said that what has surprised the Sengbhalang and the people is that the Government has not done anything on the findings of the Inquiry for more than 10 months.
Shillong: Many people were surprised today when they saw the BJP flag raising in Shillong. on the day of the swearing-in ceremony of the Prime Minister and the Ministers of the Government.
“We have requested Rs 50,000 crore which includes Rs 35,000 crore for basic infrastructure and other special needs, such as improvement of roads, and implementation of other development schemes,” he said. said Mukul.
The Minister said that the State Government is well aware of many of the demands for the salary increase, the transfer of SSA teachers from SEMAM to the Education Department, the establishment of the Education Commission, the He said that in 2021-22, the release of funds by the Government of India is T.305.84 crore. and the State has contributed T.30.19 crore.
The HNYF, which works for the welfare of the people, cannot listen or watch this life and death of the people. HNYF President Tarson Lymba and Lasi Lamin, General Secretary HNYF Southern Riwar said that the party should immediately stop their illegal activities otherwise the party will take other action. Circle, Duckie.
Shillong: U John F Kharshiing today sent his resignation letter from the Congress party to the MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh.
The IG said the troops have arrested 123 people from the border areas including 30 Rohingyas, 32 Bangladeshis and 61 Indians.
He said that they have submitted a letter to the Minister of Education to look into the matter.
Therefore, the Union strongly condemns this act of violence by the Trainer and requests the law enforcement authorities to maintain peace and order and if this happens again the Village Authorities should immediately punish the perpetrator. bymman is the strongest.
Out of the 369 candidates who contested the 2023 elections, only 59 candidates will be elected to the Legislative Assembly for a five-year term.
" This is not a call or a speech of a warrior or a call or a speech of defeat or surrender.
The education department also has to take responsibility for failing to provide documents to prove the expenditure received from various grants or supports amounting to Rs 2264 crore.
Ethiopia's Amane Beriso came second 12 seconds behind Israel's Lonah Salpeter.
“The salaries of the day laborers have not been released since May 2023, and the residents are facing difficulties as they do not have the opportunity to receive their salaries.
The delay in appointing the MDC shows the secret work of the state government.
In the 2019 season, Rangdajied led Lajong in the first leg but when the second leg started, Lajong managed to take the position of Rangdajied. Rangdajied should not count sting on this group if it wants not to lose its seat.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr T Sutnga expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Young Minds group although it is a group with only a few members but its work is great. Bhoirymbong CHC is facing many difficulties in sending patients to other hospitals due to the lack of ambulances especially during the outbreak of Covid-1 The hospital in the area will also try to introduce schemes to use these ambulances where patients do not have to pay money especially poor mothers and children under 1 year.
After the Seng Kur Dkhar Khliehtyrshi Circle together with the Central Executive Committee came to investigate, it was found that this person is not a Dkhar, but a non-tribal. you kind of Government.
Under no circumstances will we accept such schemes which will only lead to the destruction of our society.
On this occasion, the college has admitted that it is its fault and promised to help the students by sending a letter to the MBOSE and also to the Sub-Divisional Officer Civil Amlarem; However, the promise of the college has not come true because inside the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer Civil Amlarem, the management of the college, has sent a signature to the students alleging that it is not the fault of the college. However, it is the desire of the students to read, said the Riwar Jaintia College.
Between selfishness and knowledge.
He said that the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma has visited these areas affected by the floods and has directed the District Administration to assist. to these people who have been affected by this flood according to their ability.
All patients at PHCs and CHCs should follow the guidelines of the health centers and wear masks when coming for treatment or treatment.
It is this characteristic that many of the longdien when they enter this field, Sameer is a pioneer for them, in which he always encourages and encourages those who have just come to enter this field.
The Dkhars' freedom to become Tangjait puts the Jaitbynriew at great risk because they don't know anything about the Riti Kheiñ Kur Kheiñ Jait of the Jaitbynriew.
The driver of the empty truck, the driver of the Bolero Pick-up and the driver of the truck were injured in the accident. Hospital, with the help of the public who found the incident.
The MDA government has also released a report, which outlines the works it has implemented and others that it is initiating.
“This uncertainty about the NEET will be clarified in the coming months,” said a spokesperson of NEIGRHIMS. The implementation of the National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test (NEET) has been announced while the selection of candidates for the MBBS course in various medical colleges in the state is ongoing.
It was informed that blue and white vehicles will operate only in the villages and can only bring those who live from the villages to Shillong and return to their places of operation. they shall not be allowed to enter into the city.
“The resigned MLA has misled the people of Mylliem that if I win again I will bring Mylliem under the MUDA districts and this he has explained in the Assembly,” he said.
Speaking in the House, u Bah Bamon said, “People in the border area are forced to go to Bangladesh for medical treatment due to the lack of medical facilities in the area”.
Sawlyngdoh HS School, Mang Hai Ryum Secondary School, Govt.
(L) Purno became the second MP from Tura after Meghalaya was divided into two seats, Shillong and Tura.
He said that he was surprised that in these days, no announcement was made in the newspapers, especially in the Khasi newspapers.
In the second half, Donlang Kharsyiemiong (29min) and Novidance Jonsoi (57min) scored the second goal for Lumpyngngad SC. Laitlulong SC scored the first goal of the match (34min).
The most prominent candidates are Zoramthanga (MNF) from Aizawl East-I, Tawnluia (MNF) from Tuichang, Vanlalsailova (BJP) from Dampa, ZPM from Serchhip, R Lalthangliana (MNF) from South Tuipui, Zodintluanga. Shillong, November 03: The Meghalaya Under-19 cricket team has won its first Cooch Behar Trophy against Sikkim won by two wickets.
In all the festivals or entertainment activities, in the color of the taw, there must be organizers to ensure order and order.
Because in the Christian churches, these three churches that have been banned by the government are the most important.
The first phase will be conducted by farmers from Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya from 27th October to 4th October,
The incident happened while these 10 friends were in their village called Singklam, which is near the border with Bangladesh. About 7-9 people were left on the ground, and the shooting happened at 10-11 pm on the second day.
The program started on July 12 and ended on July 13 at various schools in the country. There are four blocks in Ri Bhoi District.
Stress is a sign of risk of developing a disease that affects the blood vessels and worsens over time.
DC Hamren said that once peace and order is restored on the border of West Jaintia Hills District and West Karbi Anglong District, these policemen will be withdrawn immediately.
M.Sc and PhD students of College of Agriculture, Imphal who have completed their course work should complete or continue their research at nearby Colleges of Agriculture, ICAR Institutes or KVK in your state.
He said that the film industry will not only develop the state but will also help to create jobs for many youth.
Speaking to media, he said, “It was a successful meeting in which they put forward their demand to meet the Union Home Minister Amit Shah to discuss the issue. The demand for the immediate implementation of the ILP and the opposition to the CAA in the State.
How ridiculous that there are families whose parents have had to feed the drug needs of their children simply because they are unable to look after the effects of their drug addiction.
However, while the war against the British was raging, David Sott, the Agent of the Governor General, sent a zamindar to propose to Bor Manik Syiem the urgency of the British Government to stop. to collect taxes from the Raid Dumria (Desh Demoreah) and to return all the lands of the Hima Shillong if Bor Manik stopped taking part in the war.
Sailung Ïalong SC will play against Dulong SC at 2.30 pm tomorrow.
He said many of the Gorkhas of India who fought for independence under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi were residents of Darjeeling, Calcutta, Benares, Dehradun and the eastern states.
Shillong, Naitung 14: Khasi kwai is more expensive than Dkhar kwai and the reason is because it is tastier and tastier when eaten.
Shillong, March 20 : The Cemetery Committee of Mawprem Parish in a statement through Bah Edress Marbaniang Secretary informs the public that the cleaning of their own cemeteries can be done at any time, and on the date of The deadline for cleaning or building or repairing their own cemeteries will be on 4th November
We request the Government to allow the majority of the public to comment on the amendment to the Sixth Schedule which is the protection of the nation.
If all the MDCs are skilled, intelligent, knowledgeable, know the law and understand the Schedule and if they can sit in the District Council government by skilled people, the wise, the intelligent, and the wise will always be completely different.
The AIM has said that it has not stood against the Tika covid vaccine, but has said that as citizens who live every day, they should get freedom not only in Meghalaya but in all the countries. Different states of India.
After delaying the resolution for five years , MeECL has failed to appoint these 772 employees who have not received their appointments for five months phase I, II and III but have not yet been implemented.
The President of the JSU Central Body, Lawyerson War, said that the JSU will take action to follow up on the issue of the JHADC employees. difficulty in getting salary or difficulty in getting food to feed the household due to the curfew.
Therefore, the union strongly warns those people who are accused of smuggling cattle to Bangladesh, including cow traders, meat farmers and drivers, that they should not do this smuggling and if the union If you find that there are still those who violate the government's order, the union will arrest and investigate and if found guilty, the union will hand over to the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action. he added.
Before the start of the programme, Waiphang Chadap, Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment, West Jaintia Hills.
He was tied with a mohkhiew on his head,” said one of the family members.
When they return, we don't know and they don't tell us what they are doing abroad and how they will use the information they have gathered in their own country.
“Should we arrest every day the vendors, this is not possible to prosecute,” she said.
The Shella road from Saitsohpen, Lad Thanat, Mawsmai to Mawlong and near Shella is in poor condition and there seems to be no authorities in charge.
“The State Government should also enforce the traffic rules on this bridge to ensure that not only vehicles carrying more than 10MT are not allowed to pass but also not allowed to pass until two heavy vehicles at the same time which can cause more damage,” she said.
Shillong: The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) today protested against the Secretariat and its surroundings due to the protest of the Federation of All School Teachers (FASTOM). They refused to leave the camp opposite the Secretariat and to violate the order that the DC has enforced Section 144 CrPC and issued an order to leave, because they did not have permission. to conduct this protest programme.
He also became the Headmaster of Langtor Government Aided High School in
Pala said that if the churches are weak, the society is weak and if the churches are strong, the society is strong and it is necessary for the VPP to identify those elders who are involved. To do this and to accuse the elders of distributing kyiad is very wrong.
The woman has lodged a complaint that she has been raped for 79 days by the astrologer, SK Taraf, from Kakhara village, Balarose. She has been subjected to violence and insults by her husband and relatives since she got married in
Regarding the government's inclusion of Mawphanlur in the list of tourist destinations, the residents of the village together with the management of the Mawphanlur Tourism Development Society, while talking to this reporter, said that they will not Bah Silvestar Khar Lyngdoh, has done for the benefit of the people of the village and their children from generation to generation, in which he has been able to advise the government through The Director of Tourism Department, to allocate funds for the construction of footpaths, ponds, tourist accommodation, cleaning of the road from Markasa and other good works. be of benefit to the community.
This decision was taken after the second round of boundary talks held in Shillong for Langpih Sector, West Khasi Hills under the leadership of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State as Chairman and Minister. Chairman of the Regional Committee Kamrup District and other government officials from both the parties.
Therefore, a strong Opposition Party is needed so that the Ruling Party cannot do whatever it wants.
He said that the police have arrested the two Khasi children and charged them under the provisions of Laban PS Case No.21 (04) of 2024 under the Sections with intent to kill, kidnap or kidnap. killing and injury along with other rules just because of this violent incident which has to be strongly condemned by the Seng.
The man not only raped the child but also threatened to take her life if she confessed to anyone.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, BS Sohliya, said that the Karbi community has been destroying the trees planted by the Basin Department of Meghalaya. quickly cut down the trees from that place.
In Pool-A, the teams are Spikers, Lion Mission Compound, Chullai Brothers Chutwakhu and Madankynsaw.
When asked about the border between Khasi Jaintia and Garo State and also the areas and villages inhabited by the Garo people in West Khasi Hills, Pangñiang and Augustine said: Marak agreed that the border which has already been cleared will not be removed but will remain as it is.
Philosophy: means scientific salon philosophy is the telling of stories with a profound message that is an example and advice to the human beings of society throughout the ages; saiñ is not a phrase; nia is a word of peace and meaning; thinking is the thought in the mind of an intelligent person.
They have to be inspected annually by the Electrical Inspector and receive a certificate that they are safe.
“It's not a Dkhar story,” said Bhalang.
Compared to other countries of the world India is still one of the lagging countries in terms of sanitation.
On the other hand, the NSUI urges NEHU to find other ways to conduct the examination.
Speaking to media on November 6, 2022, Avner said that the reason for joining the VPP is on the basis of “Clean Politics”. " which means to bring cleanliness in the rule of law.
Commenting on the book, Dr Kharbamon said that this is a 'collection of words' about the dedication and service of missionaries.
How great is the loss for the school children who used to rely on the network for their education during this time of Covid-1
Besides these, the Indian aviation department also plans to set up these airports on the rivers in Odisha, Gujarat, Assam, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh.
According to police sources, after receiving a tip, they conducted a search operation in Garobadha and seized drugs, a pistol, bullets; A Maruti Wagon R (AS 01AK6596) was hit by a car.
The Durand Cup is the oldest tournament in India and one of the most recognized and respected tournaments in the country.
At this time when the elections are approaching, only 7 months left, the 21 lakh voters of the State are desperate to elect the candidates who will contest the Rongiapan. (votes) and from which parties, so that there can be a change in the state, especially in the public service and in the management of the government so that we can reap the sweet and clean fruits in the next 50 years. come starting in 2023.
“Since the government has handed over the operation of the Self Help Groups (SHGs), the expenditure has not been counted from the income of the buses,” said Bah Ronie. The MTC, which is a department of the state government, has been re-organized to strengthen this weak department.
In his speech, he also mentioned the sanitary pads or clothes of women, which they use during their menstrual period.
“We’re talking, we haven’t made a decision yet.
The struggle against CAB, CAA, the demand for ILP, the metor strike, the Umwali and Langpih struggle, the Ichamati struggle, the Syntung struggle; John Nongrum's accusation against the Lyngngam by writing on Facebook with racist words, “Lyngngam don't eat people like the Syntungs.
The AIFF has announced on its website that the FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022 and AFC Asian Cup China 2023, scheduled to be held in October and July, have been postponed until I don't know what to do.
The last day will begin with the announcement that the Three Temples will be built in Jerusalem.
Speaking to reporters, the residents of Malidor village, expressed their deep sorrow over the loss of agricultural products which are the source of income for the villagers. because the people in this area live by agriculture.
In 2022-23, the state government managed to return only 1,931 (23 per cent) dropouts, while the total number of students already identified as dropouts was 8,468 in the age group 6-14 years.
When visiting the area, which has collapsed, he showed the hill, which can collapse at any time, Bah Tynsong, said, “You don't see that if you work on this hill, it will collapse at any time. “At the same time, he asked the engineers of NHIDCL, who were at the site, “Do you have any sense?” He also directed that they should immediately send experts from IIT Guwahati to the site.
During the search, it was reported that the robbers had broken the lock and the box containing the goods and found that money worth T.3 lakh had been lost.
Man does this because of the pressure of temptation to fall into this sin and not to understand it either in human or divine relationships.
Similarly, an MBA student was raped by 10 robbers in Noida on the 5th of this month.
He recalled that before the death of Maieid Hoping, the last public meeting he held was on the 12th of July before the Session of the Legislative Assembly. He was arrested at Mawthungkper village where a sports program was held.
Furthermore, according to the RTI received, it should be completed within 12 months before June
All this is happening because the government has not taken the necessary measures to fill the vacancies in the police department which is increasing the shortage of staff in the department.
Therefore, once again I appeal to the authorities to create ways and means to get rid of this suffering, the suffering is not only for us who study online or online classes, it is also for the Studio Studios. , Computers and many shops that use light because if you don't have light you have to stay awake every day.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) on Tuesday received a complaint from Sepolda Syngkli, resident of Tharia, East Khasi Hills, that her son, Fasting Syngkli, has passed away. on 18.8.2018, from the electricity outage of the 11KV Sohbar Feeder Line, due to heavy rainfall on that day and her son, who was driving The vehicle, ML 04-7905, died when the vehicle collided with an electrical sign.
Let the bond with your family grow stronger.
The High Court has rejected the 13th November as requested by the state government but has sent it to the Governor on the same date for the elections.
Only on the following roads can coal be transported: National Highway 44 (Jowai via Shillong Bay-Pass to Guwahati), National Highway 44E (Jowai Dawki Road) and Shangpung-Garampani Road.
On the other hand, Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar urged all the contractors and the public to work together so that there will be no disruption and expressed the hope that before the service, all the needs will be met. The KJP Synod Service will be held at Sakwang Presbyterian Church, South West Khasi Hills District.
The Director of the Jaintia Hills Development Society, Father Manbha Pakem in his speech said that the center had been planned to open for a long time but due to the pandemic it has been postponed for a while. It was also supported by Caritas India and Misereor Germany which are agencies working for the welfare of farmers.
The preparations for the Monolith Festival to be held on the 31st of this month are different from the previous one in
Speaking on the JAC's opposition to Syiem Niandro, Bah Mawleiñ said, “The reason why the JAC has lodged a complaint against the Syiem is on the issuance of a public notice on November 31, 2020 to collect taxes on the land under the Raid Sawsymper.
He made this request after the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh informed that the Bhaitbari CHC does not have enough equipment due to the lack of trained doctors. use and maintain medical equipment.
Larry said that after these three days, the MBA, once it has selected its team, from the 17th of this month, will have a thorough training for all the men and women. The team has been selected to represent the state in the North East Olympic Games.
“Another theologian, David Smith, in his book Horizons in Biblical Theology, says, “Babel is not the golden age that shows that the world is still young, pure and all. they shall be of one mind, and shall speak the same language.
“We have sent a clarification to the Governor but we cannot tell him yet,” said DCA Minister Prestone Tynsong.
In 1978 he joined the HSPDP and won the MLA election from Rymbai constituency and in 1983 he resigned from the Congress ticket.
He said that the International Film Festival is a celebration of the state which has produced many films in the state and this will lead them to compete in the competition of the country and others. Country of the world.
However, the construction of this road has been very difficult for the people.
“When we talk to the people in the rural areas, they always say that the Modi party is the best party. Now everyone has accepted the BJP because the Modi party is not like in the past. “Now they say that Khaw has been given by the BJP, Gas has been given by the BJP, Water has been given by the BJP. “Any scheme implemented in the State has been approved by the Prime Minister,” said Bah Hek.
Through these partnerships, more than 113.2 crore digital payments worth T.1,33,003 crore have been witnessed, and T.58.2 crore has been recovered and released to the beneficiaries.
Regarding the daytime border crossing from Kachari Point to Khyndailad and Motphran, from the beginning we have said that there is no point in doing so because there are few commercial vehicles compared to private vehicles.
Soh Trun from Meghalaya is available around the supermarkets of Dubai, Kuwait, Sharjah and more importantly many of our farmers have now experienced the fruit of their hard work at the price of ju die all shit cat.
“At this film festival we will have a discussion on how to raise funds to support the film industry,” he said and added that the festival is to promote the film industry in the region.
KSU Mawlai Circle is deeply saddened by such incidents which happen from time to time in these areas especially the villagers who used to go there. purchase or send mobile phones to the shops in the area.
He said that the Khasi Pnar residents have already known about the operation of the power grid, so they have demanded compensation and have appealed to the High Court.
On the occasion, the leaders of these student unions said that there has been a significant increase in the number of residents in the rural areas of the state, the increase in illegal farming activities. poppy flowers as well as the increasing number of reserve forests.
Naba said the MCA has also received a land allocation from the government to build a cricket ground at Mawdiangdiang on an area of ​​about 25 acres and the handover of the land will be completed next month.
I think many people are quick to meet or give advice on many things that need to be discussed face to face.
The total number of cases in the state has now reached
Speaking to media, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said the four Congress MLAs have filed a petition under Clause (C) of the Article 179 of the Constitution of India and Rule 135 of the Rules and Procedures of Business in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
Only the daughters were honored.
The temple is open once a year for Hindu devotees who visit the temple.
When asked about the NPP candidate from Sohiong Constituency, he said, “Our candidate is the best and the contest will be between our candidate, the UDP and the Congress. Jymmang and I am confident that we will win"
Therefore, in order to achieve a free life in all aspects and especially in terms of economic development, this time elect the Congress and win Bah Witness Day Sancley from this is the Constitution, I added.
If a new VC is appointed, the former VC must resign and his term of office as VC is one year and this is the Satuatory Act of NEHU. On the other hand, Bah Roykupar said that the VC has decided to amend the Statutory Act by setting up an Academic Council and this is an opportunity for him to amend the laws within the university.
“I see that if they get candidates who donate money, what kind of Government will we get? We will not have a clean Government.
He remembered especially those priests who worked hard in this parish.
Before Jesus ascended to heaven, he said, “I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you”.
At the same time, he said that the destruction of the forests along the river is the main reason for the decrease in the water level due to the sun's rays and the soil erosion.
During the programme, the Resource Person, Kong Rinibeth Patlong (Programme Manager TI, Khliehriat) explained how to prevent and reduce the spread of HIV/AIDS. Dauni Wanemi Sutnga, Zonal Supervisor in charge of Khliehriat about the Red Ribbon, the symbol of HIV/AIDS and its purpose for the welfare of the village. thaw it all.
These school buses, which have been released to the public in the past few days, seem to have been intended to be hit by four buses.
We usually say that he belongs to that religion, that he belongs to that church, that he belongs to that church, and so on.
The trainers from LifeSaving, Mumbai, who are well trained in this field, have trained 44 people selected from Darrang village, to train them how to help tourists during their disasters. water or in any injury situation requiring immediate assistance.
The Committee has requested the DC to completely remove the pump which is under construction.
According to the first Global Report on Assistive Technology (GReAT) released by the WHO and UNICEF in June 2022, more than 2.5 billion people worldwide need at least one of these assistive devices.
If his views or ideas do not agree with the party's vision, he is free to enter the forest because his actions show so,” said the unit.
He said that the fire brigades struggled to extinguish the fire in a short period of time but they managed to extinguish the fire completely until it turned step completely due to the entrance and exit of the fire. The fire was also narrow and difficult and this made it more difficult for them to extinguish the fire as soon as possible.
I had a fruitful discussion with Shyamkanu Mahanta and I am pleased to inform that I will be leading a team of 22 investors to explore ways to work with the North Eastern States in months to come".
The second match of the SPL 2023 will be played between Sawmer SC and Nangkir Irat SC at 3 pm.
What I have planned – THAT I WILL DO” Isaiah 46:8-12.
The KSU also expressed its regret that these places are now filled with garbage and garbage, which has caused trouble to those who come and go to the area.
Speaking at the meeting, Ma Moonlight strongly criticized the Minister and Nartiang MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar who has spoken publicly to turn the DC office Jowai into a shopping complex.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has opposed the government's plan to set up an ANVC-B base in the Khasi Hills. I don't want to go to my own place in Garo Hills and I don't want to go to Khasi Hills because KHNAM doesn't allow me to give even an inch of land.
HANM has alleged that many villages or VECs in Laskeiñ Block have taken advantage of this scheme which is supposed to provide 100 days employment to each resident, but instead of getting job card holders. They employ people who have puh shilum and other employment opportunities that benefit the public or employees.
You cannot say that the area is developed if the budlum is poor, if the leaders have not looked into this issue it is difficult to talk to others.
“He urged the children to continue their education because education is the strongest weapon.
He said that elections are contests between two or more political parties.
However, even mission schools and private schools have many teachers who have graduated from school.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: On the 12th of this month, Phersini Hynniewta, resident of Lai-Mer, Upper Shillong, received a letter from The HNLC through the Letter Head above.
“We have demanded that the road should be cleaned in color because the cleaning of the ground will save the people from the floods,” said Bah Khongstia.
India has fallen steadily in poverty, ranking 107th out of 121 countries in the Global Hunger Index 2022 and further declining. of children, in the population, which was 19.3 per cent, the lowest in the world.
Similarly, in the book of Ezekiel, it is told how God breathes into life and revives the withered and dead bones (Ezekiel 37).
Hundreds of people took to the streets under the leadership of the Jaintia Amalgamated Redressal Forum (JARF). People Labor Union (MPLU), Jaintia HIils District Committee, Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) Central Body, East Jaintia National Council (EJNC), Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) East Jaintia Zone, Khasi Students The KSU, JYF, Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) and others have protested against the government's order to import coal from Assam. , the area affected by the COVID-19 pandemic to supply coal to the coal factories in East Jaintia Hills.
There are many tourists from near and far but they come only to see the valley and some of them sum and jngi in the river; Many people just want to take pictures to post on Instagram and Facebook.
According to the White Paper on Indian States issued by Sardar Vallabhai Patel, in Parliament in 1949-50 regarding the FKS and the 25 Khasi States, the words in clause 1 of the FKS The AA said that the Federation of Khasi States, which shall be known as the Federation, agrees that all the arrangements in the Khadar system of governance which have already existed, shall continue to operate until there is a another arrangement between the three parties, the Government of India, the Government of Assam and the Khasi Hills.
The destruction caused by corruption affects all aspects of society where we have already been deprived of our rights. get.
It cannot be said that Dr. DD Lapang was affectionately called the Father of Ri Bhoi and the Maheh Lapang and it is also a fact that he was one of the pioneers in the development of the country. Bhoi District, in terms of economic development, education and others.
The purpose of the tournament was to provide an opportunity for the elderly to exercise with the theme 'Sports for Fitness, Football for Fitness', and the games were held at the Urkaliar Stadium.
The President of the JSM said that even the existing one has produced lyer bih and has created an unclean environment.
He was appointed to the house of Blai at Loompyrdi Iongpiah.
The team also became the first women's CS:GO team from India to be selected for the final of the World Esports Championships. (WEC).
Ardent said that the installation of the entry and exit gate is only to disturb the people, as this will cause trouble from other neighboring areas and this will also be like The infiltration cell is not available in the state.
They arrived here in the afternoon and a small meeting was held to distribute syrnod to the participants.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle on Tuesday submitted a petition to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem. now.
So far, the police of the station together with the police of the intelligence department are conducting investigation based on her statements.
He said that in this age, people don't send letters to their families unlike in the past.
Earlier, Garo National Council (GNC) MLA Clifford R Marak, while moving the motion, demanded that the government should immediately punish the officers involved in the shooting. The Justice DN Choudhury Commission has found that the Deputy Commissioner, Superintendent of Police and other senior officers were involved in the shooting deaths of people this year during a public meeting.
The Sengbhalang leaders said that this is one of the steps taken by the BJP to reach the goal of achieving the goal of “One India, One Religion”, “One Country, One Religion”. “Now it is trying to change the name of India to Bharat, after that, it will bring about 'One India', 'One Election and will try to bring about 'One India', 'One Religion' and this is what awaits us as small states with our own faith,” said Bah Dundee.
The child is from Garo Hills.
They were identified as Dingi Nampui, Lalshansuk Hmar, 11, R Hmar, 50, all from Khongoi village, Shinemeki Lamare, 17, from Chiehruphi. long unknown name and village.
In the last four Meghalaya Games, the sports activities have been held in the city where sports activities have improved and even the sports equipment has been adequate, and this means that the District is continuing to improve the sports facilities. Olympic sports.
The residents of Lapangap, who earn their living from agriculture, have expressed their anger at the Karbi who cut down the sying and cut with a knife the jyntang kba which has fallen to the ground. brought a great loss to the Pnars in Lapangap.
“When we see these errors, the Government has taken action to correct the errors as stipulated in the Act. that member.
Abiezer K. Syiem tied 18 runs from 35 balls and Monycable Marbaniang scored 14 runs from 21 balls.
On the same day, the Dorbar of Kongthong Village rejected the violence of Syllok Lang Majaw and also decided to confirm I Coming Home Pohnong as the Rangbah Shnong of Kongthong Village.
India started the game well from the first quarter with a nice style of play in the forward line.
Finally, Mawsynram-EKH defeated Dkhiah-EJH to win the title.
The two district sports officers, West Jaintia Hills District and East Jaintia Hills District have invited all schools in the district to participate in the District Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament. in the fourth month of July this year.
The Government of Meghalaya on Thursday decided to set up a Committee on the Roster System and announced that all new appointments have been suspended until the Roster can be prepared.
Thus comes the word Creator.
Juventus and Portugal star Cristiano Ronaldo has tested positive for the coronavirus and will miss Portugal's Nations League qualifier against Sweden. to be tomorrow Tuesday.
However, he said that although he has a close relationship with the leaders, he cannot relate to the issue of the jaidbynriew because as a party on this issue, he does not hesitate to raise his voice. the rights of the people, said Bah Lamphrang.
He urged the engineers to make good use of their skills and experience especially those who are older to train the younger ones to make the work more efficient.
Sometimes the fee at the tax collection gates until you reach Shillong, has reached more than 10,000 thousand besides the cost of permit fee, because it is a forest product, then the storage fee and the vehicle fee is no longer the fee. low cost.
Last month, 14 opposition MPs, including 13 from the Lok Sabha and one from the Rajya Sabha, were banned from sitting in the House for disrupting the rules of procedure.
However, the question is, what have the District Authorities, the Leaders done for these hardworking people? Do you know that these villages have to pay a booking fee of up to Rs 5000 Tyngka just to send their children to school in the midst of heavy rain, bad roads and They are not snow because they don't have Kali's money.
There are 12 Improvement candidates, 8 males and 4 females.
The party sends its condolences to the parents, husband and all the relatives.
Through the mobile app, you can also know how much electricity is used on the smart meter.
On the sale of land on Mawpat Hill, Minister Shanpru alleged that it was done by the Syiem and some ministers without the consent of the Hima.
Police have also received information that the gang of robbers, who planned to run the market for the banknotes, were planning to deceive the people by promising to give T.10 lakh while the people had to pay T.10 lakh. only T 5 lakh.
He said that after retiring from his post as an officer of KHADC in 2017, in July 2018 he contested the MLA election from Mawkyrwat constituency on the BJP ticket but many people supported him. to u.
At the same time, the FKJGP Leader demanded an inquiry into the allegation by the Registrar of IIPH against the two Female Doctors of the State who are the Project Director and Dy Director of MACS in the incident. on January 27th.
Himanta Biswa Sharma told the Assam Legislative Assembly that Mukroh falls under the jurisdiction of West Karbi Anglong District.
He said that although the IIRF-2023 is not the same as the NIRF ranking framework, it is a step forward in reaping the fruits of success and the university has worked hard in this regard.
In another match, Khliehiongriang beat Lion SYA 1-0. Arwanki Dkhar (73) scored the winning goal.
In this age, it may be unthinkable and unacceptable that a person who has died and lost his soul can come back to life.
That is why the Word of God says, “I will counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich; and white raiment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that thou shalt not be seen. the shame of thy holiness; and eyesalve to rub in thine eyes, that thou mayest see" Revelation 3:1
He said that in fact the action of the state government may be the best, but when it comes to the feelings of the people it is different and many of the people still want He said that MCCL is not an old project, it is a new project and what is the problem of the government to run this new project and it is only through the lack of attention of the Management of MCCl which has caused problems to the employees.
Dr HH Mohrmen, who was the chief guest, said that the present state government and previous governments have forgotten and treated unfairly the residents with disabilities.
At the same time, Khamkhraw also received Distinction in one subject in the examination.
Fire brigade personnel rushed to the scene this morning and fought as hard as they could to rescue those trapped inside the house.
Just as there are 'Shnongs', then there are 'Raids', there are 'Hima Khasi' to this day.
This is the Chora Church in Istanbul, or known as the Kariye Museum.
Speaking to reporters, the candidates said that the internal mark was not included in the mark sheet.
The Minister said that besides the Main Secretariat, other government offices will also be relocated to the site.
Bah Michael N Syiem also recalled the slogan of the party which says “We come from the same household why there is only one beneficiary for all the children both boys and girls”.
Six months ago, the UDP Pynursla announced that it has approved the name of Nehru Suting as its candidate from Pynursla constituency. “It's a good idea to have a letter in response to their request and the same is true with the Congress party,” he said.
The MDA II government led by Conrad Sangma is a government that knows only how to talk and deceive the people.
The Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, will be the chief guest and Jowai MLA, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla will be the symbud chief guest.
It was headed by the Jesuit Fathers of Kolkata until it was taken over by the Salesian Fathers in
The Rangbah Shnongs of Dura Kalakgre, Tosekgre, Sakalgre and Baladingre have submitted a petition to the Chief Minister, who has promised to take action on them.
Furthermore, the KSU Narpuh Circle has found that during the inspection of the NH-6 by the KSU Narpuh Circle in the past few days, the road from Mynkre to Ratachera has been damaged and filled with debris.
The Meghalaya High Court has issued a verdict at the right time to overturn the arbitrary and unfair decision. unjustified position of the MDA government on the participation of non-government teachers (govt.
Tura, July 17: Three traders, who were kidnapped by robbers near Telekali forest, have escaped today near Rongrikemgre village in South Garo Hills.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has declared the 22nd June, 2023 (Monday) as a public holiday.
“The number of twin mothers who died in 2021-22 was 51, while in 2022-23 (until October 2023) it was 33,” she said.
Meghalaya has qualified for the quarter finals.
Before the elections and before this government collapses, they urge everyone to speak out so that this factory will survive and the workers will survive.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30 : The Working Committee of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJA) has strongly condemned the incident ha Mukroh which has resulted in the death of three persons in the shooting by the police. Assam.
KSU Vice President Nidalut Siangshai and General Secretary Shwari Ryngkhlem on Tuesday met with the DTO, East Jaintia Hills District after the AJTCVA issued a fare of T.100 tyngka from Jowai. -Swallow.
Titostarwell Chyne, said that today they have not been able to close the shops without permits, but there are other rules that they have to follow, to give a showcase first. to close down all those shops found without trading license.
Best Performing BC went to Emilia Sten.
They said that many of the villages in Jaintia Hills do not have enough network and this will cause a lot of problems because this meter will not be able to give the correct calculation of the electricity bill.
He urged the teachers to work harder to produce more students who are like bright stars.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has ordered that any person who knows of any computer should inform these government departments and if they do not, they will be imprisoned for up to nine years. bad to there.
Nongpoh, Lber 03: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs on Saturday held a meeting with its leaders and members to prepare for the visit of the CEM of KHADC to meet with the Village Leaders of the country. Bhoi, in order to discuss and discuss many issues of the community under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
The President of AMS&CA said that in their meeting with the ADB and PWD officials, they have sent a proposal to increase the price to T.3 crore to allow the local contractors to participate together.
Bah Rana Kharkongngor, is perhaps, the pioneer in the production of Khasi cassettes, in our country and he has many songs, which attract the ears of the listeners and one of the songs, which is very shocking. well, it's “ah ko jingsuk”, which he sang on one of his cassettes.
Kine doesn't even make money.
“On the 1st June, 2022 at about 6 pm, three residents of Khyndewso, Ri Bhoi District, three residents of Khyndewso, Ri Bhoi District, left the village. They were attacked by the mob and these three persons were seriously injured,” said Bah Lamare in the complaint which he sent a copy to the Chairman of the National Human Rights Commission. Commission, New Delhi.
Speaking on his relationship with Jharkhand, Modi referred to the Ayushman Yojana which was launched in Jharkhand.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS), a voluntary organization of the Catholic Church of Jowai Diocese, has continued to reach out to the needy during the lockdown. COVID-19.
In the second match, Sikkim and Assam drew 1-1 in the 90th minute and Sikkim beat Assam 3-0 in the tiebreaker. .
Speaking to media on the allegations, Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that both the groups should take responsibility to ensure that there will be no violation of the agreement. peace between the two groups and the government.
Non-Tribals who have settled in our country are fighting hard to block the ILP; The UDP, NPP, Congress and BJP have expressed their desire for ILP but have refused to implement the ILP which is in the hands of the Governor. In the past few days, in the fourth paragraph of the newspaper, KHADC and JHADC have received the ILP within 10 days as confirmed by the decision of the Supreme Court on 1971; once implemented in KHADC and JHADC, it is no longer difficult to establish GHADC; Regulation No. 5 of 1952 and the Ruling of the Supreme Court have been communicated to all MPs, Ministers, Parties and MDCs, so they have no reason to say that they do not know.
“In this research, we will also look for languages ​​from other parts of the Khasi Hills to be used together in the written and reading language and to adopt or create new languages ​​to enrich the Khasi language,” said Prof. Badblin War.
It is better for smokers to stop smoking.
The court said that the investigation report contained detailed notes from the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) on the images taken from the computer and the CBI counsel read the notes. The Central Forensic Science Laboratory said that the examination of the materials and documents requires up to 45 days.
Imran Khan, 70, has also named Pakistani Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif and an ISI chief in a complaint against the suspects. his life at that time.
But it’s not what they expected.
The union found that these foreign workers are employees of a contractor who is implementing the work of KHADC known as Bah Kitbok Warbah.
He felt that he too should be equal in power to his heavenly Father.
Prof Phukan said that to avoid this disease, we should take care of ourselves by wearing clothes that cover the body so that the pyrjong cannot spread. When sleeping, they should cover themselves with a mask, use an Odomos to avoid the bites of pyrjong and should be clean around the surroundings and also in the villages.
Members of the National Rural Livelihood Mission, who are volunteers, sang a special song and dance during the programme.
The afternoon program included a performance by Pooja Bareli and her group, a sarod vandan by the famous barikor, Tarun Kalita and a traditional Khasi dance, Shad Mastieh.
He said the incident in Manipur has witnessed this where the conflict has been going on for three months now and has caused the loss of many lives and damage.
“Of course, we are all sorry for this incident but the people of West Jaintia Hills have shown their courage and determination because they have not created any trouble even if it happened inside the district”.
Shillong, Nailur 19: State and central government offices have found it difficult to appoint their own security guards due to lack of funds and for this reason, they have to hire private security guards.
To improve the services of the Government to the villages, the party said the target is to set up 1,000 Chief Minister's Facilitation Centers.
Shillong: U Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, MLA, has sent his condolences to the family of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta who died after being tied by people in Ichamati on Tuesday. on Thursday.
“How are the medicines sufficient, the needs are sufficient,” she asked Kong Roshan.
The Congress has 26 candidates in all 29 constituencies, while the UDP has 26, the NPP 18, the PDF 15 and the HSPDP
Ed but they didn't get 45%,” said Bah Rymbui.
SOME WAYS TO KEEP THE HEALTH OF CHILDREN. DRINK PLENTY OF WATER: Water is the most important thing that can help to cleanse the body of waste products.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner, Amlarem Civil Sub Division, JU Kharpuri, who visited Dawki LCS, has spoken to the Sengbhalang leaders and village leaders and said that she will inform the Deputy Commissioner of the district. Synkrem president of KSU War Jaintia Circle.
The main purpose of these Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) is to protect and preserve the culture, customs and uniqueness of the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people from the invasion of other ethnic groups. of the chiefs with the tyranny of their customs and traditions.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi, Bah Purning Star Shabong Chairman of the JAC in the presence of the village leaders, he said that the Assam government has started the construction of the road to the village. From 1st November 2022 through Rani village including Kynthong Paham, Damu Paham, Umterlet, Pathar Khaiong and also from Lukhra through Gorobhanga, Mawtyngkong, Jalut Rim and Jalut Thymmai villages to Mawtamur.
About 3500 SSA teachers who have applied for the D.EL.ED program 2013-14 have not yet received their certificate as trained teachers.
Besides this explanation, a speech was also delivered by Bah Charles Marngar, who expressed his satisfaction to see that the Longkmie in the area, are ready to work for the development of the development of the village.
The remaining section to Lalpani will be constructed by the Brahmaputra Board up to Dangar and Balat.
That is wisdom if you follow it carefully.
The Shillong Times reported that Shylla was elected as CEM of KHADC in November 2018, while James Ban Basaiawmoit and Grace Kharpuri were elected as CEM of KHADC in November They appealed to the High Court.
In fact, many have been very happy when there are intellectuals, Seng Bhalang and the general public who do not want to do anything that will bring only harm and evil, rather than a few benefits.
Other speakers who spoke on the occasion included the Joint Director of School Education and Literacy, SSA West Khasi Hills District, Kong R. Kongwang, State Pedagogy Coordinator SEMAM SSA, Kong.
The boundaries of the Autonomous State of Meghalaya are defined in the Assam Reorganization Act 1969 and the entire boundaries of Meghalaya are defined in the Northeast Reorganization Act
During the rally, Champion said that AHAM will send 50 members from Lum Garo besides the members who are already in Shillong.
And he said unto them, Whosoever shall be like this little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven.
On the other hand, the state government said that it has a priority goal to preserve the environment in the state and also has a goal to increase the number of forests in the state.
Now? Many Seng Bhalang at that time, especially the KSU of those years, used to stand together to fight against these threats.
From Mawryngkneng Assembly constituency, various political parties have started searching for candidates and some have already confirmed their candidates, such as NPP, Congress, KHNAM as well as independent candidates.
During the visit, the EE PWD, Bah M Kharnaior, promised to take care of this work as soon as possible and after that, the workers will be sent to do whatever is necessary for the welfare of the residents. public.
The UDP's demand for the resignation of Bah Ardent has caused a heated debate not only in the market but also on social media and Facebook where the people have expressed their views. to support the work that Bah Ardent has done since he took office as CEM and only a few oppose.
In fact, the state government in the Cabinet meeting has decided to increase the salaries of all adhoc teachers by 100 percent.
If the police lose the cooperation of the people, the peace and order will be very difficult and can cause many problems.
The total number of cases has now reached 30,44,9
"We'll have to wait and see what happens," he added.
Two months later, on July 1, a condolence meeting was held for her, but she was surprised that the next day, she returned home from the hospital. death.
“It is a terrible incident when people take the law into their own hands to beat and insult and intimidate even his (Bah Charlie Rani) relatives and passers-by.
When one of the DRG teams surrounded the Danteshpuram forest, the Maoists opened fire on them, which led to a fierce shooting, the police chief said.
Wanraplang Thubru after the victory expressed his happiness and said that this victory will encourage other young men and women of Ri-Lum Jaintia to come forward to take part in such events. lympung shows strength.
