There was also a legend that said, “That the ancient Syiems of Shillong came from Pah Syntiew,” a child who was taken by Sati Mylliemngap from Marai Creek, a place only 2 km from Nongkrem Village.
Manchester City's victory has also led the team under Pep Guardiola to win three trebles. Cham-pions League, Premier League and the FA Cup.
However, the question now arises after the Harijans from Them Metor wanted to talk to the State Government to provide land for the relocation of Them Metor from Them Iew Mawlong.
If we turn back to the roster system, the only option before the VPP is to appeal to the court as the state government cannot go beyond the decision of the Meghalaya High Court.
The sports venues are the most important to further develop sports activities in the state,” said the Minister.
The government led by Conrad K Sangma has set a plan of Rs 1600 crore for the development of tourism in the state.
The ordinance was forced by the government after the Meghalaya High Court ruled that the powers of Rangbah Shnongs have been abolished.
“This issue has shocked the entire state but what is surprising is that the Governor has not said anything or commented on this,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh today said that 23 ministers of the Punjab government have tested positive for the corona virus and MLAs have also tested positive for two days. ahead of the Punjab State Assembly, which is scheduled to be held on the 28th of this month.
Shillong, Lber 19: The allegation of 'slum' in Mawlai by Ampareen Lyngdoh has angered the residents of Mawlai, and has reached the point where the residents of Mawlai will no longer allow garbage trucks. transport the garbage from Shillong to Marten;  garbage dump in Mawlai village.
There are also those who have license but have not renewed it and in the shops run by the state owners many foreign workers do not have labor license.
Therefore, he said one area the government is preparing now is to have more parking spaces around the area including for commercial vehicles.
Even those who don't steal have to steal from people's homes just to get food.
Earlier, Arvind Sawant, the only member of the Sena and a minister in the Indian government, resigned from the BJP cabinet in Delhi on allegations that the BJP, you have betrayed the Sena.
This news should have reached the ears of the authorities if possible.
Bangladesh will be under a 10-month curfew from 14 June, a government statement said.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah I.Lawriniang said that the mobile application app “Pharma Sahi Daam” has been launched so that consumers can know the price of medicines from the place of purchase.
"She has started showing signs of coronavirus in her body and has a fever and chills," Johnson said.
Shillong: The General Meeting of the Kongwang, Lymba, Syngkrem, Tongper Association will be held on the 31st July 2024 at West Jaintia Hills. starting at 11am.
Many of the people are living in darkness because there are groups who say that the Aadhaar number cannot be forced on anyone unless the people have their own will to accept it but there are other villages who are afraid. If they do not accept the Aadhaar number, they may lose all the benefits they receive from the state or central government.
However, if you assume that just shutting your teeth is enough for your dental health it is, a wrong assumption.
The survey surveyed all people over the age of 20 in Cincinnati and North Kentucky in three waves in 1993, 1999 and
“The government has been able to demolish this bridge but like other landmarks the Motphran Bridge will remain only in the memories and stories of the heritage for the children and grandchildren. There are many young people, elderly people and children who can still remember the existence of the bridge,” said one of the women, who used to earn a living from the shop.
Dozens of vehicles have been damaged from behind and in front, some have been damaged and these include new vehicles, commercial taxis and others which have been bombed and destroyed by the police in the night of the day of the woodcutting.
The Governor has donated this assistance through the Discretionary Grant of the Governor.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 29: The Northeast Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NPT) has clarified in a letter sent to the Minister of State for Food and Civil Supplies that the Union has no intention of disturbing the union. However, it is only a letter sent to the Minister and how it escaped from the Union does not know.
In fact, as responsible citizens, we should obey the government's orders because we cannot just fight,” said Bah Ronnie.
At 117volts).
First, he was sent to South India in the 19th Division.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC) Sanjay Kumar Agarwal on Tuesday said that the department needs to obtain permission from the court before destroying or burning the seized drugs.
In the second leg, Lumshnong YWSC beat Tongseng Narpuh 2-0
“I am confident that I have received news from the Minister of Rural Development that the Block Office will be at Mawtawar,” said Bah Embhahlang. Jemino Mawthoh, David Nongrum and AL Hek earlier.
Shopkeepers have been directed to wear masks, to provide hand sanitizer in front of their shops, to clean their shops and surroundings regularly and not to allow unwearing customers. masks to enter their shops.
It is to be recalled that the Ribhoi District authorities in the past years have issued a ban especially on the spread of plastic or the use of plastic through the Amendment Rules, 2021 and Section Environment (Protection) Act 1986, but this has not been implemented and in many public places people are throwing plastic and other garbage which affects the environment and the health of the people. public.
Then the dew was directed from Umkhyrmi to Wah Myntang, this is also very wrong because from Umkhyrmi to Wah Myntang is still about 9 10 kilometers away. Saba Lummoojem, Lumjrong, Rjiang, Psiar, Mooluber and so on.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that in the last four years, they have been able to transform Meghalaya from a state with low unemployment to a state with rapid growth.
The Governor of Meghalaya has been accused of harassing a woman candidate for the post of Public Relation Officer (PRO) in his office at Raj Bhavan. .
He says further – having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: 2 Timothy 3:5
The four petrol stations which have been banned are Mylliem-HPCL, M/s Nongstoin Highway Service Station (Nongspung-OCL), Riangado-lOCL and Power Point Service. Station (Khliehrijat-HPCL).
B.S.Rawat, Deputy Commandant of Assam Regimental Center.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Kyndongtuber, Ma Shiwa Siangshai.
There are also 31,101 verses.
Speaking to media, NEHUSU leaders demanded the immediate removal of Rohit Prasad who has been appointed by the Vice Chancellor of NEHU Prof.PS Shukla from his office as the Technical Advisor without calling for an Advertisement, without conducting an interview and without complying with the rules and regulations of the University.
These areas include Malki Market, Laitumkhrah, Polo area and others.
Bhayes Chyrmang has filed his nomination papers from the BJP and Jhanika Siangshai from the Congress.
The government should not hesitate to hand over the Emergency Health Services to companies with bad reputation,” said the MEMRIWU leader. The Kyrhuhkhla and Lunar Rivers including the Mookympade River have been acidified by the implementation of Phyco-Remediation Technology. .
The killing of the human soul enters the tyrud and smer in the murderer and if it cannot be cleansed or released, it will not turn the murderer and his family.
Therefore, this word has a more meaningful meaning in these days than in the days when it was written publicly in the time of this poet.
The HYC has found that in fact the process of completing the documents to pay and receive the challans does not take much time but it is only the desire of the officers which delays and confuses them. government office.
Freedom of speech, religion, associations etc. are the outstanding characteristics of the country.
Speaking on Tuesday, NCP President Sanbor Shullai denied that the party will take any decision not to nominate candidates from Shillong and Tura constituencies because they have an agreement with the party. Congress in this state.
The Bor District in recent days has also announced that it will ban any traders who use the sidewalks as market places.
“We want the Election Commission to resolve this and to use the EPIC of the Election Commission to register votes and not the slip of the Election Committee,” said Bah Ennocent.
Crowds across the United States burned the flag of the country, including in New York City, in front of Trump Tower and elsewhere.
If the rural hospitals are fully equipped, it will reduce the overcrowding in urban hospitals.
“You will be surprised that in Shillong alone, there are 4 to 5 cases of domestic violence found every day at the police stations and about 3 to 4 accidents in Shillong alone. Shillong and when we investigated, it was due to alcohol or drugs,” said Bishnoi.
This school is one of the oldest schools in the state and the region of the country.
Brian was the first cave explorer in Meghalaya and together with his team, the Meghalaya Adventurers' Association has helped cave explorers and explorers from all over the world. the Country of the World".
Nuts : Nuts such as cashews, peanuts, pistachios and walnuts are rich in nutrients and vitamins such as vitamin D and magnesium – both of which have been linked to brain health and reduce doubt, mental stress and anxiety.
Sarma said the state government will implement the Prime Minister's National Dialysis Program in 18 hospitals.
Gogoi told the judge that he could convene his judgment in Hindi and write his judgment in Hindi, but when he reached the Supreme Court, he should speak. English.
In the last four and a half years, the state government has assisted and guided the farmers to start their own businesses and to set up jobs for others in the rural areas.
“There are also about four Government Upper Primary Schools in the district but the teachers appointed in these schools have not been according to the needs and this has created problems and burden on the teachers. which are not available and the school cannot provide adequate education to the children.
Therefore, she urged them to come forward to take advantage of these opportunities which the government has allocated for them.
“On the part of the KSU, we will not allow them to come to work because it will affect the peace and stability of the community and the state as a whole as we have seen and witnessed from time to time. It is also a violation of the Inter-State Migrants Workmen Act, 2011 of the State,” said the officials.
He was born on October 13, 1989. He is the son of Zuakhim Marak and Nothmilla Marak.
Shillong: Leaders of KAS, including Prof. DRL Nonglait, President, Dr. RP Kharshiing, General Secretary and Prof. Esther Syiem, Member of the Editorial Board, today met with the Governor of Meghalaya. , Shri Satya Pal Malik at his residence in Shillong.
It is the City of Heaven.
Shillong, June 23: The Secretary of Kynroh Nonglyer Village, Sohiong, EKH has lodged a complaint with the Laban Police Station against Agnes Kharshiing President of CSWO. The four women of the village, on the 12th of this month, have insulted them by going to complain about something unfounded.
However, the Exit Polls remain the Exit Polls, because there are cases where the Exit Polls differ greatly from the result or the decision of the majority of the people.
Sampath Kumar, IAS, Principal Secretary, Health Department, Government of Meghalaya, expressed his views: “The availability of clean blood is essential for the management of Department of Health.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Thomas Pasah, Working President, said that the Government of India has already introduced the Personal Interview since the morning in the judgment of the judge shall not be judged.
“Because of this, the VC in his own lies and promises, has made us doubt his commitment in resolving this case and getting a fair trial for him. lanot," she said.
Speaking on the development, Conrad said that if the State is to move forward, it cannot be focused only on Shillong, Tura and Jowai, but on every village and The constituencies in the State should not be played.
The Minister said that in the last few days there has been a decrease in the number of cases, a decrease in the number of deaths and an increase in the number of recoveries. long to take sting.
The arrested were identified as Deboraj Hajong, 22, Sanjit Das, 37, Shiba Dey, 24 and Bimol Hajong,
Speaking in the House on this issue, u Bah Jan said that it is necessary for all the villages, Hima and Elaka to have their own map to show the area. under their supervision and control.
The same people whom they (the government) have appointed, the same people who one day will lose the seat they (the government) are sitting on now and will become prime minister by them if they don't see far,” he said. Shillong, Naiwieng 09 : The new President of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Friday sent the list of new office bearers. According to the list, Prestone has sent the names of three working presidents, namely PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla and former Mylliem Mylliem Minister Hamletson Dohling.
The CM Jha University has been arrested by the police on charges of illegally awarding PhD degrees to 434 students in 2012-13, and enrolling 490 students for PhD degrees in in the year 2012-2
DL Siangshai, President of the Union of Journalists of Meghalaya (JUM), has explained the danger faced by journalists in Garo Hills, where the forests are strong in these areas.
He also won the Player of the Tournament and Man of the Match awards.
Speaking on the management of the border clearance, Thombor said that the regional committee has discussed that any area that needs to be cleared, the governments of both sides should meet first, wherever they want to go. I don't want to do it.
If Dango contests, it will not be difficult for the UDP candidate to win the bye election MDC from this constituency.
Shillong: The Regional Committee from Meghalaya and Assam today visited Langpih area as part of the work on the border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya.
It was in the past two months that he sent a letter to the Prime Minister that they needed an ambulance and it was at this time that the Prime Minister informed him that he would hand over an ambulance. ambulance.
“They say that now,” said the mother.
Construction is ongoing and due to work continuing on the secondary building, the drains have become clogged causing water to have no way to flow, this has burdened “This part of the well has collapsed due to the weight of the water,” said the Chief Minister.
Six persons including five from Meghalaya and one from Assam have lost their lives in the shooting incident at Mukroh on 22nd November,
The owner of the shop was identified as Kynrongki Lakiang of Panaliar, Jowai.
He urged to improve the agriculture system so that the State will not be food poor but self-sufficient.
On Friday, Pyongyang launched the most powerful and largest intercontinental ballistic missile, the Hwasong-1 it will also be the 2nd time it will do so within 2023.
On the other hand, the HNYF Sengkmie has expressed its gratitude to the HNLC for electing its President as the ksiang to take the path of peace talks. peace and not through violence which affects the peace and stability of the people in the state.
MDCs should be familiar with the ADC rules, so that they understand that they have their own power to protect our minority, not to be just collectors of wealth in the name of the District Council.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that his visit to Nichols Roy Bible College, Sohryngkham was not to open the bus which he had donated from the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund 2022-2 this training center, but the important thing is your relationship with the college.
The theme of the celebration is “Freedom, Equality and Justice for All”.
According to him, the salary alone if the government pays every month will reach about Rs 1 crore or slightly more.
Some of the residents who used to pass through the area, also sent pictures to the reporter because of the beauty of the area which has become like a cremation ground and many of the women are afraid to park their cars there. There is also a theft of vehicles due to the smuggling of drug addicts and alcoholics which causes the roads to become crowded.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar President of KSU North Khasi Hills District congratulated the KSU North Khasi Hills District for taking the initiative to honor the students and to commemorate the anniversary of his death. Fr.Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh is one of the great thinkers who has contributed greatly to the society which is also a step forward for the organization to improve education to produce and develop great thinkers who can lead. and we should no longer rely too much on foreigners to hold the rule of law.
After the incident on the morning of November 26, 2021, he was taken to a hospital in Kamothe area of ​​Navi Mumbai for treatment.
According to information received, in the incident ha Mawlai, police have taken three persons to the police station for further investigation.
When you go up to the ward, you will receive.
This was announced by Alo Libang, Minister in charge of Social Justice, Empowerment and Tribal Affairs, in reply to a question by Congress MLA Lombo Tayeng.
Although the Government has announced many assistance schemes to the farmers, they are only slow and steady especially when the farmers are affected by the natural disasters.
Paila Lyngkot said the JAC has demanded to maintain the price as decided in the meeting held earlier with the district administration to T.30 per day for all vehicles in Jaintia Hills.
This has upset the neighbours, who have complained about the disruption to their children who are still studying to prepare for their examinations.
When asked by reporters about the Supreme Court's decision on the purchase of the Rafale, Rahul said the decision was clear. The Supreme Court has accepted that Chowkidar has become a shisha thief.
“How is it easier when the manager comes to work in his own car?” said his fellow employee. “Then you,” said Peter. “Let's work again after we have rested,” said another employee. “It's right,” said another employee. “It's right.” They agreed. stand up and work.
There are 40 states with the highest production of the disease, including Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi, which produce 74.15 percent. , Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Karnataka, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Kerala, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Rajasthan, Bihar and West Bengal.
“We feel that we should contest from Tura and Shillong parliamentary constituencies but this will depend on the decision of the party,” he said.
He said that the residents of nine villages including Mawkhmahrang, Domkseh, Mawkyllei, Mawroh, Tiehnongbah and Lawbyrtun have been affected by the spraying of pesticides in the pond. and Umdum, because the well is from that well.
“We always knew that it was only rich people who used to have ROs in their homes.
Besides, there was also a rumor and threat from the foreign government officials who came from the north that if the Khasi did not thank them, they would threaten the white chiefs to start collecting taxes from all the Khasi people. .
Although these teams failed to score in the first half, Phila Rapsang scored the first goal through Kevin Donald Kharlukhi (61).
If the Government of India has been able to take such difficult decisions without much consultation with the residents, we also welcome the Government of Narendra Modi to take action on the demands of the state. different parts.
The reason why Aidy was chosen as the host of this award ceremony is because she knows how to make the audience laugh.
On the other hand, the player expressed her gratitude to the tournament which has faced many difficulties in the past year; without price-tags after players from the two countries were not eligible to compete.
Such people demand higher wages, more special accommodation, better food and drink and to be higher from earth to heaven.
Speaking to media, the CEM of KHADC said that since 2019, the Hima Mylliem has issued a notice that the former Refugee Colony or RR Colony has been abolished and the area has been merged. They went to the Rynjah Dorbar Shnong and the place is now called Them Rynjah.
In the markets, streets and shops, the mynder has been covered while ours have been hidden away like a frightened snake.
However, due to the lack of funds from the 13th Finance Commission, the KHADC has not been able to continue the project to clean up the Umkhrah River.
“If you want development, unemployment, peace and stability, remember that only the BJP can achieve it. Don't join the UDP, Congress and NPP because you have experienced and seen. that they have failed and only the BJP can achieve what you want.
AAY rice will be distributed at 35 kilos per household (no fee), PHH rice at 5 kilos per household (no fee).
The reason why the Khasi became Christians was only because the Missionaries taught them to write and read the Khasi alphabet.
Are there any Khasi women who dare to say this? I, the writer of this article, have been injured myself in a collision with the foreigners who tried to rape our Khasi women while they were coming from Police Bazar to Nanpalok via Vivar Road in years ago, and this happened in May
“The MDA government's decision to include small projects in the package is because the MDA government wants to bring in foreign companies and this has led to the loss of jobs for the contractors of the state,” he said. he said.
Mooknor Thadmuthlong and Lion have won the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy in the 2nd Division Football League.
If the Christian churches in the city can build churches worth billions, it will be difficult to send Christian soldiers to those places where they should not go, to force them to come to the marriage feast of the Lamb of God.
A bench comprising Chief Justice DY Chandrachud and Justices PS Narasiha and JB Pardiwala said the petition, which should have been filed on a less busy day, was wrongly filed on Lah. You are the Apex Court Registrar.
The arrest of the two men came a day after the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) admitted that it was involved in the attack.
Speakers included DHO, West Jaintia Hills, RK Blah, D Pyrbot, DAO Officer and other officers of Horticulture Department. the reward to the farmer.
The message of the Seng Kut Snem should be sent to the world is to stand up against the power of foreigners who want to destroy and destroy the traditional beliefs of the Khasi.
When contacted by the District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer, West Jaintia Hills, she said she could not comment on the matter as she was not given permission even though she is the head of the department in the district.
Besides Dr Amanda, Bah G Dhar, BDO Mawkynrew C&RD Block, local elders and others were also present.
They can attract leaders but getting voters is a big test for them," he said.
We should not allow such activities anymore because we have seen in the last elections what has happened to the constituencies which have lost their wealth for one day.
The VVPAT is a method by which the people after casting their votes can check whether their vote is correct or not.
Jowai, July 24: WJH Police this evening at about 7:30 pm have arrested a drug dealer here in Jowai.
The Minister said that earlier the hospital was only a PHC, later it was upgraded to a CHC and later it was upgraded to a Civil Hospital. Although the equipment needed in the hospital has started to be improved, the condition of the construction of the hospital is not yet good, so this has caused a lot of trouble to the staff from doctors, nurses and staff. of the hospital.
According to him, initially, a group of about 30 people from Thangksai village including women and children gathered and sat in front of the factory – which closed the factory. entry of vehicles and 'individuals' into the factory.
After the march, they held a public meeting at the Community Hall to explain about the diabetes.
This is the answer of Tbn T Mawlong.
The newly formed members of the Commission are Chairman EM Titosster Well Chyne, Secretary Kong A Nonghuloo, Joint Secretary KHADC. Kharsati, Dr. Boss Myrthong, and Dr. Dlas Rani.
Replying to Conrad Sangma, who is the National President of the NPP, the BJP has suggested that he should try to defend his own seat instead of counting the BJP's resolution. NPP is leading among the people of Meghalaya in the field of corruption, the BJP said, “Instead of building roads connecting to the villages, the NPP leaders have tried to build roads. to your own house.
Anxiety is one of the most serious life problems, and it can be said to be one of the most serious types of life disorders and the most difficult to treat when it finds its way into life, I can give another name to anxiety and that is SANGEM. There is no cure for this type of anxiety until now, because it is not known and it is not found where it lives. where do you live? However, it has been found that it gradually affects a person until it can take away his life.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the suspects.
He said the government department has reactivated the Women Helpline
It is expected that the match will be interesting as both the teams are equally strong.
Recently, the Leader of the Opposition, Dr. Mukul Sangma, said that the Congress will send letters to all the political parties in the MDA to invite them to form a government. The state government, under the leadership of the NPP, has destroyed the entire state.
Last year there were 60 participants,” said Bah Ferdinand.
Jowai, Naitung, 19: The office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the price of PDS in the district has been revised according to the price fixed.
He said that so far 1169 people have been tested, 197 negative, 12 positive (including one deceased) and 60 results are pending.
Therefore, when we want to join together to help improve, there are more and more problems, because even the Creator has experienced the behavior of people on earth, until he is destroyed, destroyed and sent away. to his disciples, if they meet hard-hearted people.
He also urged the people to eat organic foods without the use of chemicals. Rameshwar Teli, Minister of State in-charge of Food Processing. He said that the eastern region is a suitable region for the cultivation of food without the use of pesticides, and urged the Ministers of the state to set an example for others. ministers across India.
“Therefore, we must understand that many will come in the form of income, but who knows their secrets.
He stressed that the Act East Policy should not be a blanket statement. “I have always said from the beginning that the Act East Policy should be implemented by zone or area.
Prestone Tynsong promised that a C&RD block will be opened in Rambrai and one in Nonglang soon.
Shillong Lajong FC will face Aizawl FC on the 28th at the JN Stadium, Shillong at 5pm.
The four soils in Khasi-Jaintia are very low in humus, and most of them show a lot of copper.
The General Secretary of the UDP is not an MLA but he has accused the media of passing through the Coordination Committee of the MDA like the BJP. without knowing each other because get removed from their comfy mum mum chair.
Earlier, the Addl.Chief Secretary of the State, KN Kumar said that out of the 108 metric tonnes of rice produced in the country, Meghalaya alone has produced 30 metric tonnes of rice. six years.
Shillong, Nailar 13: U Bah Embhahlang B.Syiemlieh, MLA Mawlai Constituency, today visited Dr.M.Ampa Reen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, to discuss the issue of urban development. The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) has announced that the JNNURM vehicles will be banned from the 1st of this month. (SSPTS) and Shillong Supplementary Transport Service (SSTS).
Other activities that have been allowed to start or be held include fetes, fishing competitions, raffle draws, youth weeks and fund raising.
U Rupang once again asked those applicants who did not want to be named whether they know that if you don't recognize yourself, you won't get a job if you do well in the interview. “It's not the first time I've applied for a job but I've applied for 5-6 jobs,” said a young man from the village. He has been employed in various departments of government offices but has not yet received a job.
The Ri-Bhoi District Chess Association (RIBOI) will hold a District Chess Competition on the 7th of November
I don't think it's right to mix school and religious work,,,,,.
Since I have joined the BJP, I will remain a member of the party and if the High Command of the party allows me to appoint any position, I am ready to do so.
At first glance this is a statement but when you look closely this statement affects all pastors when you talk about the children of pastors by the gifts of fellow believers.
Within 48 hours, MLAs of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the People's Democratic Front (PDF) have submitted a letter of support to the new government of the National People's Party (NPP) on 5th October. NPP National President Conrad Sangma.
I don't say the name of anyone but when a proposal comes from the President of the PCC, it will have to be informed to the AICC, which will take a decision,” he said.
Jha, who is the headmaster of the university, will be brought to Shillong tomorrow for further investigation into his alleged involvement in the illegal running of the university.
In South Garo Hills, there are 2 cases of health workers.
They beat East Khasi Hills Cricket Association by 21 runs on Tuesday at Nongpyndeng, West Khasi Hills.
Seven persons have recovered from East Khasi Hills, six BSF personnel and one civilian.
He also informed about the letter received from the Deputy Chief Executive Member, In-charge Elaka Administration, Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council to Bah Byllyenhenry Syiemiong, Langrin Syiemship. Nongtei Sing Syiemiong has been suspended from the post of Hima Langrin and in accordance with Section 9 of the Act, The Act, 2007" has appointed Byllyenhenry Syiemiong as the Acting Syiem of Langrin Hima to temporarily administer the Khaddar Administration in the Hima, with the provisions that he shall administer the Khadar Administration in the Hima together with the in collaboration with the Executive Dorbar which shall include the Ministers, Lyngdohs and Elders elected by the Hima Dorbar, which he shall promptly convene for this purpose and shall send the names of the members elected by the Hima Dorbar. The Dorbar shall be approved by the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
BBC Director General Charlotte Moore in a speech said that there had been preparations on the part of the singers who had been invited to take part in the event and in fact they had been invited and invited. Adele, Elton John, Harry Styles and the Spice Girls but they have denied this.
time when she failed to score exactly 50 runs.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has expressed deep concern over the increase in cases and deaths of 10 percent and 3 percent respectively last month in five of the seven regions. The delta variant of SARS CoV 2 has now reached 111 countries around the world.
As more and more educated people increase, there is a shortage of jobs in reality. When many educated people increase, there should be more and more jobs, but the lack of understanding of the people in power. and he turned and went back.
Shillong is known as the queen of hill stations of Eastern India because of its hills, rivers, trees and shrubs covered with the beautiful colors of nature.
He is also third in the table in as many months, after Anderson replaced Aus captain Pat Cummins in the table in the transfer window. you're done.
She said that education is the power to eradicate poverty and urged the children to work hard to eradicate the number of illiterate children.
In Maharashtra, 1,216 new cases have been reported, followed by 448 in Delhi, 114 in Madhya Pradesh, 110 in Rajasthan and 92 in West Bengal.
Muzaffai and Srivastava added that the department will soon conduct such programs in many places in the state such as district headquarters, sub-divisions and He said that they will send experienced personnel to provide adequate training on how to prevent unexpected incidents.
Speaking to media, CEO FR Kharkongor said, “As of 5 pm, 75% of the voters turned out but this may change as the exact information will be available until tomorrow morning.
His career with Paris Saint-Germain was very successful as Just took the whole team to the French Cup in
However, both times they failed because the President or the Central Government did not listen to the requests of the state and therefore the laws like the MMDR Act, Mine Acts, Forest Conservation Act, NGT Act, National Reservation Policy, Citizenship. The Atomic Energy Act, the Land Acquisition Act, the Indian Registration Act and other notifications apply in our State even though they do not relate to our uniqueness.
It will greatly contribute to the party's activities in the upcoming elections,” said the party's state president.
Do you think if the pandemic lasts only 2 years, these will still last us? When these things are no longer possible, then the great tribulation will come upon us.
On the 9th of July, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, urged the youth of the North East to bring about a change in their mindset and also to stop expecting that in all aspects, You must make a reservation.
Sohra: The funeral service for Dr. Donkupar Roy, Saitsohpen, today began in the presence of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Symbud to the Chief Minister, Bah Preston Tynsong. , Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, Ministers, MLAs, MDCs, senior government officials and family members along with the residents of Sohra.
Darjeeling won the first prize and Goa came third.
Andy Alwin Dkhar was named Player of the Match.
Before they got married, they lived separately from the hills to the mountains.
The meeting was held at the ground floor of the Hospital and was conducted by Rev.N.S.Phawa.
Annie Margaret Barr was born in 1899 in England and died in New Delhi in
“The acquisition of more land in some areas besides the Umsning Bypass will take some time to complete and will be completed soon,” she said. with the cooperation of the people.
The provisions of this Act shall come into force upon the completion of the delimitation or rearrangement of constituencies after the publication of the figures from the first census since the implementation of this Act.
At present, Meghalaya has been waiting for the central government to grant the ILP and if it does not succeed, the protests could break out again as has happened in these days.
Besides 100.56 grams of heroin, three mobile phones, cash worth Rs 3.34 lakh, an ATM card and Pancard were also seized from them.
According to Noksi Mlambo, the original Gospel song speaks of the new Jerusalem of the Book of Revelation and God's promise to create a new heaven and a new earth (Revelation 21:1-2).
Shillong, Lber 24: The BJP MLA from 19 South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, who was the BJP candidate for the Lok Sabha elections in Last year, Bah Shullai welcomed the decision of the BJP Sengkmie leaders to support the joint candidates who are working in the NDA government. There was nothing wrong with the BJP leadership in supporting the NPP candidates from Shillong and Tura seats.
He said he had already informed Bah Pynshngain that he could not come for this reason.
The Government today issued a statement saying that it has transferred up to 15 officers.
Until now, it was reported that the ban on plastic bags, plastic bags, plastic plates, small plastic bottles and other plastic bags will not be fully implemented.
This speech of Bah Sniawbhalang, has shocked the students of Kiang Nangbah Government College because his work, and his speech, has nothing to do with anything and there is no development in this field. the college.
But in my heart I have a strong belief that I will win the team that day.
If a man uses his powers properly, I am sure that nothing bad or sad will happen in his village or even in his life or in the lives of others.
The meeting was held on Saturday at the office of the SDO Mairang Civil Sub-Division in the presence of Bah H Brolding Nongsiej, MLA Mawthadraishan, Minister of State, Bah Jambor War, MDC Mairang. Mairang MDC, Mairang SDO, A Nongbri, Medical Superintendent of Mairang Civil Hospital, Dr L Mylliem Umlong, Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs and others.
Myngken Christian HSS (Ri Bhoi) beat Okkapara SS (South West Garo Hills) 1-0 by Weltin Sangma (54).
Police today received a complaint from the father of one of the three children who were shot dead at Golflink that day.
A seminar on fish farming and the benefits of fish farmers in Meghalaya was also held with the participation of fish farmers and entrepreneurs.
The funeral service will be held on 11/12/2020 at 12 noon at the Presbyterian Church Saphai Pohritiang.
Hedstar Dohtdong (42) of Pyrda, West Khasi Hills, was arrested within 24 hours.
Shillong, March 10: The Meghalaya Teacher Eligibility Test (MTET) examination has urged the government not to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the National Teacher Eligibility Test (MTET). Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) regarding the recruitment of teachers in government schools.
The Cabinet on Thursday approved the proposal to extend the term of office of these two ADCs after the delimitation committees or committees in charge of the new boundary division have approved the proposal. They have asked for more time to complete the remaining work on the allocation of land in the constituencies under these councils.
According to information received, Honriwell Pyrpet was the last Dolloi to be recognized by the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Councils. He ruled until 1978 until he was overthrown by the Karbi.
“I understand that this is a party that works tirelessly for the improvement of poverty.
Where a woman has nine children from nine husbands mynder.
He said that there may be a delay on the part of the DONER Ministry to announce the project due to the elections in the country and he hoped that the project will start in
The commemoration of Mandela will last for 40 days and the funeral will probably be the largest in the past decade, as there will be many world leaders. , who will attend the last rites of Mandela.
This money usually goes to politicians or their relatives or government officials.
The CEM of KHADC has strongly criticized the state government for wasting the time of the people's leaders to introduce the ar maloi law.
“We are looking forward to filling the posts for all such structures," she said.
Therefore, what we can understand here is that the Ministry of Education is very poor because the financial requirements of this department are increasing every year, while the allocation of funds is very low.
Ernest said that Boston is the president of the Schedule Tribe Morcha and the party has already sent the matter to the Disciplinary Committee to take action against Boston Marak.
At that time, Will Smith, threw a stick on the ground and threw a stick at Rock's neck.
Russia's invasion of Ukraine is a sign that it has revealed to the world that the time has come for this country to use force against the countries of the world.
Jongksha SC took the lead through Babiang Umsong in the 69th minute but Nongkrem SC opened the scoring through Shankupar Kharbyngar in the 85th minute. team in 90+3 minutes.
Bah Kyrmen Shylla said that the state and the country as a whole needs many young men like Eugeneson who will take responsibility for the community and the people as a whole. Regarding education, Bah Eugeneson has studied in the field of education but he has studied in class 12 for three times because he has failed. How can Bah Eugeneson, who is studying in the Karikor line, be the leader of the area?
The area of ​​Meghalaya is 2243 hectares.
The stealing of the Mawpud of others is a robbery.
You don't have to smoke badly.
The statement said that the Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement dated 15th November 1947 between the Federation of Khasi States and accepted and signed by the Government of India. 17th July 1948, among other things, states clearly that the land, rivers and streams and the products thereof shall be the rights of the Hynniewtrep people.
Throughout India, the states have their own parties which stand and lead for the tribals, indigenous peoples and so on but the BJP wants to abolish them”.
Government officials and employees have the same blood, the same body parts as human beings.
They can take samples of these samples and take them to the laboratory for testing.
The storm started at 2.30 pm and resurfaced at 3 pm, but lasted only for a while, the report said.
The Tripura government on Tuesday destroyed seized drugs and other drugs worth Rs 9.5 crore. Chief Minister Amit Shah witnessed the implementation through a video.
Ephesians 1:21.
He said that one of the achievements of the Council in the last 65 years is the passage of the Rangbah Shnong Act,
The meeting was conducted by Phaitki Suna, Organizing Secretary, Jaintia Hills District, in the presence of Yodahunki Shylla, Vice President JHD. John Lyngdoh, Chief Organizing Secretary of the party, was sworn in.
In the Tyrko competition on the theme “Fit India Movement is the need of the hour”, the competition was very competitive in which each and every participant was the best. thoroughly prepared and thoroughly researched, which kept the judges as well as the audience attentive until the end.
There will be thunderstorms and lightning in some parts of the state.
Nongmahir Island is located in Umsning Constituency, Ribhoi District.
Shillong: The State Government has announced the fee for Rapid Antigen Test (RAT) at T.500, RT PCR Test at T.1,0 The TruNAAT Test costs T.1,500 and the CBNAATT Test costs T.3,0
Jowai, July 2: The residents of Jowai village have been forced to sit in darkness for 36 hours due to a power outage.
cases in West Khasi Hills, one case in South West Khasi Hills, 14 cases in Ribhoi, 6 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 5 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 6 cases in West Garo Hills.
Thousands of members of the HYC together with the people took part in a march from Patharkhmah Square and ended with a public meeting at Patharkhmah Market. the MoU signed between the two States.
In the past, those arrested were only the lowest ranking.
There are also other new missions of the government such as the “Aqua mission” where the people who receive assistance from this mission, are only those who can contact the officers of the department.
Key results: (first round):1st Round: Men; Singles: Sharath Kamal beat David Serdaroglu (Aut) 11-8, 9-11, 11-9, 11-6, 11-6; G.Sathiyan defeated Tom Jarvis (Eng) by 11-9, 11-8, 7-11, 11-2, 13-15, 11-13, 11-6Doubles: Sharath & Sathiyan defeated Mohamed El-Beiali & Mohamed Shouman (Egy) by 11-6, 11-9, 11-6.
“In the past, the UDP used to be a synrop party with other parties, because it didn't get enough numbers in the state to come to power, but “It's been three years since we won the mid-term elections and we have a lot of hope that the party will do well in 2023”.
Therefore, Bah Sohtun, the candidate of the NPP party, appealed to the people not to be misled by others who come to mislead their minds and in this regard they should give the “If the NPP comes back to power, it will be able to do many great things for the benefit of the people of the constituency and the state as a whole,” he said. .
On the other hand, Andriy Pavelko; The Ukrainian Football Association (UFA) has issued a letter stating that the Cabinet of Ministers of Sports has now signed its decision to allow the Ukrainian football team to participate in the tournament. The Belarusian team will also take part in the tournament.
Police have recovered the teachers' motorcycle from the scene of the incident.
Therefore, if we live with our brothers and sisters who are not sick, it will not cause problems and if the market is opened, we will live with those who earn every day.
Only in Jerusalem the Elders were afraid, for from Jerusalem the world would be destroyed.
Our people are happy and happy.
Those who have a strong foundation are righteousness, truth or justice - the word justice covers all subjects, namely social, economic, political and ecological.
The program will be conducted by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government in collaboration with the Indian Armed Forces.
In achieving this goal, the State Government has announced the PRIME program for the year 2020 for the Startup Ecosystem.
The meeting was opened by Gigur Myrthong MLA/MDC Mawshynrut Constituency in the presence of the Principal of the school, Father Sebastian Tirkey SBD, Father Pyndeilang Khongkhiad Vice Principal, Brother Reynold Kurbah Headmaster and other other.
Umsyaid is also helpful among those people who suffer from illnesses such as asthma and stomach problems.
“We have received many requests from educated youths who are unemployed and who are working as contractors on the construction of the officers and employees of the Soil and Conservation Department,” he said. “How can the Government allow the Soil and Conservation Department to employ its own officers and employees despite the lack of an Engineering Wing in the Department including the supply of goods and avoiding Registered Contractors or Suppliers and from experienced employees as has been done in other Government departments.
It is also suspected that the Indian currency is involved in payments for smuggled goods from India to Bangladesh.
Labh Singh, 35, who was still in Class 12, dropped out of school and opened a mobile shop. When he joined the APP, he rose to the rank of you are the President of the circle.
Kenneth said that during the meeting, the Minister was informed that the adhoc teachers have faced many difficulties in filling the vacancies due to the death or retirement of teachers. MTET pass requirement for adhoc schools.
To proceed for the tournament, the MFA will conduct a registration and will select the venues according to their ability to fill according to the arrangements laid down by the MFA. part of the income of the clubs where they will be able to raise money from the stadiums through tickets and prize money.
Therefore, the MLAs who are elected have the right to form the Government.
It is learned that the city has handed over to the Roisor or Korbar Sor department for the implementation of the Shlem which states that the scheme covers only archival documents, monuments and ancient street signs. (ancient buildings) which include mostly the old buildings, motteinams and streets of the Foreign Government and the property of the British during the colonial regime in this area.
In another match, Jharkhand beat Manipur 1-0 from the penalty spot through Thiyam Amujao Meitei (66').
Roiwan Sohtun in his speech urged the members of the party to force the government to implement the ILP, so that the mynder will not be able to smuggle as villagers in the state and it will be a protection. The Seng with the good intention for the future of the youth has also opened an Employment Cell to look into the employment of the youth of Hynniewtrep.
Other Shillong bowlers who played well included Charm Marbaniang (3/12 from 7 overs) and Angkit Tamang (2/12 from 4.2 overs).
Educated youth face great difficulties in getting employment in various government departments because there are too many uneducated youth.
Bah Ronnie arrived at the scene at the right time, but surprisingly, nothing was done except to arrange the necessities at the scene and he waited for about 15 minutes and left. noh from this bag.
The Shillong Civil Hospital authorities immediately informed the police when Phawa came for treatment on Friday.
Out of the 19 fish tested on 20th November 2018, 2 fish were found to contain these drugs.
Admitting that Assam has banned the transportation of cows, Bah AL Hek said that the state uses the National Highway to transport them and not the state road.
These ECI officials will have discussions with officials from the Police, Income Tax, Excise and Election Departments.
Two members of the Karbi armed group, Sanjay Ingtih and Rajesh Phangcho from Jrikyndeng village, Karbi Anglong, have been arrested by the Manja Police Station, Karbi Anglong. 1.
As children of God, Pastor Nongrud urged us to be strong in the Christian spirit and said, 'What is the certificate that we should hold in our daily lives, that is, to live with the Lord Jesus until get a certificate to the kingdom of God'
Two Khasi who scored first and second in the Khasi-Jaintia Category should have been included in the Open Category at 6th and 7th but they were included in the list. Khasi-Jaintia Category.
As a sign of protest against the attack on the teacher, nearly 2000 students of NEHU, led by members of the NEHU-SU Scholar Research Committee, ) held a rally in the grounds of the school with placards carrying slogans against the violence against women.
Under Section 10 (26) of the Income Tax Act, any ethnic group residing within the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India is exempt from paying income tax from any source. their income.
On this occasion, the President of Jowai Circle, Neal Jordan Rymbai and General Secretary, Aplang Lamare, have decided to close down these banks.
As a citizen of a free Country he preaches before the citizens and calls them to reform.
“He said the HNLC's decision to withdraw from the talks has also shocked the Government.
We must understand that this era is not like 20 years ago, but many Khasi who are abroad, abroad who work, study, live and so on, so the hostility towards others, It can affect us because we are no longer living only in our own backyard where the world has been shaken by the changing times and technology.
When recruiting police officers for any rank, they have to be carefully selected and examined thoroughly to ensure that they are fully qualified and qualified.
I firmly believe that as a party you will be the leaders of the nation to free themselves from slavery.
On industrial activities, the Minister said that there are 152 small and large enterprises which have received support from the government this year and the government has invested T.19 crore.
But if you ask them about Ri Lyngngam, they don't know.
In the same month, another woman gave birth to four children, three boys and one girl, in Mianwalki district of Punjab. She gave birth to five children at a government hospital at Allama Iqbal Memorial DHQ Hospital in Punjab.
In a statement sent to the media, the Rangbah Shnongs said that this claim of the MDC is untrue and has been made without any basis.
Nongpoh: At the start of the 2nd Women's Knock out Tournament, which was held by Oste Phi Oiñ at Umroi Stadium, Synroplang FC won the first title. Smit FC beat Smit FC 3-0
Genesis 1:27 says, “So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them; God wants to see if we have a God-fearing life. Deuteronomy 10:1 12-13 says, “And now, O Israel, what doth the LORD thy God require of thee, but that thou fear the LORD thy God, and walk in all his ways, and keep his commandments, and do them? thou shalt love the LORD thy God, and serve the LORD thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and keep the commandments of the LORD, and his statutes, which I command thee this day. day, for thy goodness".
Shillong: UDP Vice President Allantry F Dkhar on Tuesday said that the people of the North East should be careful to vote for the BJP, Congress and the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) you are awakening.
This project will assist in the development of resilient communities in the event of natural disasters, such as the provision of shelters, shelters. to accommodate the residents affected by the environment and to provide in advance for the establishment of shelters to protect livestock in case of emergency.
Most of them were appointed without any advertisements, and some employees have passed away but family members have continued to live in the area," he said. you are the president of the Seng.
The Seng also informed the DC that the DMHO office should also be aware of this and send doctors to provide for the needs of Tamabil.
Shillong, July 03: The Superintendent of Police (CID) on Tuesday said that there are people or groups who are trying to take advantage of the Aadhaar Number to make money through the so-called Aadhaar Enabled Payment System (AePS).
On the other hand, the President of the JHADC, Samla N.Shadap, General Secretary, Bishar Samayang and members of the JHADC after receiving information that these trucks have been handed over to the District Council (JHADC) ) have escaped, on the other hand, the union has gone to meet with Bah J. Shadap to ask where those trucks are, on the other hand, he said that they have sent them back; However, when asked about the fact that they have returned these trucks, Shadap said that he does not know.
The salvation of believers is near.
The union is also concerned about the resignation of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ashwini Kumar Choubey, in which he said that the subject of public health and hospitals comes under their jurisdiction. The State Government and therefore does not count the payment of doctors and on this occasion, the Doctors Association, believes that it is a disrespect to the people who have lost their lives in the service of others.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today informed the residents of East Jaintia Hills District that the Government of India has given time to the State Government to immediately provide the Aadhaars of the children who are the recipients. The benefits of the Supplementary Nutritional Program (Scheme) have been a blessing to the children who have received nutritious food through this scheme, but who will lose out. Your benefits if you don't have an Aadhaar Card.
I do the same for other pastors.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pariat said, “The political parties produce issues that are only for the constituency in which they are contesting the election.
However, it was at 12:30 pm that she saw a man dressed in a well-dressed man, who went to get a light bulb and tried to break into the shop.
The meeting was conducted by CEM Bah Teinwel Dkhar and a two minute silence was held.
It is for this reason that we can say that the “Sur Paidbah” should be heard in a democratic country.
Perhaps the people of Garo Hills have really needed this demand to be fulfilled because it is a long standing demand.
Because the name Cossiyah is taken from anthropologists, they say that Mongolia is Austro-Mongoloid or South East Asian or Austro-Asian.
Dearness Relief has been paid to Central Government employees and pensioners to keep pace with the price increase.
“She didn't tell me that she had a relationship with this man and that she had disappeared because of her daughter who was going to class,” he said.
The Top Scorer of the tournament was Samla Bantei Shylla. He scored 6 goals from the start to the end of the tournament.
The disease has also spread to Dulong, Iongpiah and other neighboring villages in Jowai.
“The Church continues to celebrate the Eucharist through the Priests,” he said.
The soil and shyiap that was taken out of these parks was gathered in the ground and spread like shyiap.
In this age of technology, what can’t be done if you try? Water from rivers can be used for agriculture or for drinking.
Furthermore, we demanded that besides the anti infiltration department at the borders, the Dorbar Shnongs should be empowered to register or count the number of foreigners in the villages. to stay in the village without the permission of the village, which means that in addition to the ILP received from the district task force, the permission of the village must be obtained before the foreigners can stay or work in the state.
During the reign of Atal Behari Vajpayee, a separate department was established for the North East and now under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, three mantras have been implemented including to Act East, Act Fast and Act First.
Perhaps they have not finished, but after the General Council meeting of the party, we will follow up on this issue,” said the KAS leader. The Khasi language will be included in Schedule 8 of the next General Council.
Police found out this morning through their informants.
In our society, the names of villages and places are given because of events, because of the presence of hills, rivers, stones, tribes and so on.
Through a survey received from the KHADC on 2nd June 2019, it was learned that from 2017 to 2019, the KHADC has issued new licenses to 410 foreigners in East Khasi Hills. District and 164 in Ri-Bhoi District and the documents of all these are still being studied. The union wants to know whether the licenses have been issued after checking and following all the rules and regulations. It is stated in section 3A of the Regulation,
The meeting was held between the CEM Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and the EM in charge of the Elaka Latiplang Kharkongor.
To clarify the thinking of the Jewish leaders, the Pharisees, Sadducees and scribes, I will quote from the commentary of Father Sngi as follows: They couldn't speak any more because they had seen with their eyes, heard with their ears, and touched with their hands. should not.
The High Court's order was issued due to the inability to curb the illegal mining and trade of coal in the district.
The State Nodal Agency Meghalaya received these two awards for its excellent implementation for small states.
About 76 candidates came to take part in this audition in all three categories.
It is important to revive these traditional teachings to rebuild the society and the nation.
The eastern part of the Jaintia Hills was annexed by the French to Nowgong, the western part to present-day Sylhet in Bangladesh, the Sajar Nangli's Constituency to North Cachar and part of Jowai Sub-Division.
Bah Basaiawmoit said that illegal immigrants have been involved in this Act and have lost their precious lives and women have been raped and assaulted under this Act.
The Minister also stressed the need to continue to monitor and be prepared for measures to reduce the damage caused by natural forces in the coming days.
The Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (MGSPHSVA) has approached the High Court seeking the implementation of the Central Street Vending Act,
However, the Minister in charge, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that the state lacks facilities to train the athletes of the state before they take part.
The Seng will look for ways and means to force the Government to look after such contractors, who do the work.
The SSA will announce the date of the match which has been postponed today.
Priest Buddha 16.
“We have surrendered as citizens of the country on the border for the sake of the security of the country, it is also up to the government to think of the citizens and that is to provide mobile networks on the border for the convenience of the people. ", he said.
Quraishi also told the members of the militant group to prepare immediately, while they have men, to attack the enemies of God and to raid their land, the source said. talk.
KHNAM, said that the Fastag should not be implemented in all vehicles, as local taxis do not need to pay the T.500, as they operate only in Shillong. T.500, is a stealing from taxi drivers.
The demand for separation between Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills has been going on for a long time and one of the political parties that has been demanding and expressing this issue is the Hills State People's Democratic Party. HSPDP, since the time of the leadership of (L) Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh until now.
and the women shall choose those who are beautiful, and especially those who are beautiful.
“When the RTI came into force, there was no punishment for those involved in corruption.
The letter was signed by Acting President of the party Samla C Swett and General Secretary Samla RK Synrem. Donkupar Roy, Leader of the Opposition and MLA of the constituency, SDO (CiVII) Sohra Civil Sub-Division, Acting Wahadar, Shella Confederacy and Secretary, Shella Village Dorbar.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Pering Pale said that this meeting as a friend is a sign of friendship, where they phone from time to time via phone and They don't just talk on the phone about their friendship and they have set aside time to meet separately to discuss their activities especially those with disabilities.
She said that if the people vote for the NPP, it means that they vote for the BJP and the RSS and they will not change later.
In many meetings held by the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and village authorities on the India-Bangladesh border, they have protested against the lack of precautionary measures against the COVID-19 pandemic.
During the Mass, Father Hilarius Lamare gave a beautiful speech on the Word of God and living by it.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, urged the farmers and farmers to take responsibility for their you don't develop them.
“This is not only a day to give a holiday but to remember from time to time the work of Bah Joy,” said the CEM. winners of Turkish and Marathon competitions among other programmes.
These 10 farmers will take the knowledge they have gained to their fellow farmers in order to help improve the income of their fellow farmers.
However, there are now varieties of rice in India that cannot be affected by this disease.
Besides Nidaïoh Dhar's hat-tricks in the 24th, 44th and 84th minutes, Army Talang also scored in the 79th minute.
Nongpoh: Police of Khanapara Police Station, this morning recovered the body of a man identified as Harbesh Papang, from a petrol pump at Khanapara in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Naitung 14 : The number of new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong on Friday has risen to 32, bringing the total number of cases in the state to around the state.
The program was organized by the MPAD under the leadership of its President, N Senggupta and MPAD Secretary Bellbora Wankhar. B.Shylla is the Field Demonstrator of the department.
The match will be played at the JN Stadium, Shillong at 2 pm.
Of this, T.320,868,676 has been spent for 13 deficit colleges, T.56,198,954 for 8 public colleges, T.21,276,960 for 6 ad hoc colleges and T. 5 lump sum colleges, according to media reports.
He said that this meeting was held again after the end of the year since
He said the High Commissioner of India to Bangladesh has suggested that the library should be named the Tirot Singh Memorial Library to preserve the name and honor of Tirot Singh. u khlawait who fought against the troops of the French government from generation to generation.
It’s just not communicating in the air.
The suspect was identified as Gabriel Kharshandi, 32, of Porla Village, West Khasi Hills District. you are the one who came to this meeting.
Mamata Bannerjee has expressed her anger against the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government for its silence and demanded action against those involved in the shooting death of the residents of Mukroh.
“After MeECL has not responded, we have decided to hold an indefinite strike from November 12,” said Bah Mantiphrang.
Shillong, March 31: Teachers who were suspended in 2014 and 2019 held a one-day protest at the office of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE), Shillong. to inform the State Government to demand their re-appointment.
When the post of Rangbah Shnong was now appointed to Bah Shanbor, all the villagers were happy because they knew that he was a good and capable man.
After the formation of the Commission, Justice Phukan visited the scene of the shooting in Mukroh.
The drivers of commercial vehicles on Tuesday said that they do not accept the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah on the Odd-Even.
Regarding the Minister's inspection of the damsite yesterday, Mondal together with the Meghalaya Power Generation Corporation Limited and IIT visited Umiam to see the condition of the dam.
Iranian Deputy Chief of Defense Staff Massoud Jazayeri said the United States knows how much it can fight and should not go beyond that. The incident for the seat of the President of the country.
Therefore, it should be dignified and produce the fruits of happiness, peace, unity and lead to victory in struggles, to reach the goal in the journey as a family.
As a man, he dances around the women which shows that he is the protector of the women and the holding of the sword shows the readiness to defend his country and nation.
Kenny, 28, was sitting in the back while Lytan, 49, was sitting in front of the driver. planted in the street.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 12: ANTF West Khasi Hill Police on Tuesday night at 9:30 pm, seized 11 grams of heroin, 60 grams of marijuana and a mobile phone. Teiborlin Lyngdoh Marshillong, resident of Themiew New Nongstoin, was arrested on Wednesday morning.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: A group of BSF personnel who had left for Sylhet to meet with the BGB to discuss issues related to border issues, have returned home.
Just as that young man was pleased to have mercy on the poor, so it is for those religious leaders to have mercy on those who have strayed from the church.
Even Paul was one of the religious persecutors who persecuted Christians before he converted.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Doctors have stopped examining cows at Khanapara market due to harassment by gangs.
He expressed his concern for the future of the nation if the government focuses on building roads only in the areas where uranium and other minerals are mined.
Media reports said that the earthquake in Nepal is still shaking and many people have fled the country.
The public cannot do anything because they have not been empowered to seize trucks/vehicles carrying excessive loads.
All five candidates for Mawshynrut Constituency have arrived at Riangdo to stand in the same position one after another for the purpose of campaigning for the general election. They will go to elect their representatives on the 27th of this month.
It was also unclear whether Russia had agreed to remove Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, who was at the heart of the dispute between Wagner and the Russian government.
He urged the PWD department and the district authorities to take action on this issue and what is his feeling as a resident, so that it will be safe for the passengers and users of the road. this is the bridge.
The General Secretary, Samla Tohmondiam Mukhim urged the relevant authorities to look into the working methods of this road, so that the passengers and residents of the area can travel safely.
The rally was led by Udhayanidhi Stalin, leader of the DMK youth wing. The United States has warned India not to violate the rights of minorities. in the State, but that it shall uphold the principle of democratic freedom of religion, as set out in the provisions of the Constitution of that country.
Police have registered a case under section No.46(08)2023 U/s 153B/503/504/506 IPC at Lumshnong Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
Fabregas began his football career with the club, first joining the Barca La Masia Academy at the age of 10 in
Swastika Ghosh, one of the players of Maharashtra, could not beat Manika, who fought strongly on the day.
"“I can understand that some of the election fever hasn’t died down and we’ll blame each other, but the election is now over.
The meeting was also attended by various civil society organizations, youth organizations and commercial vehicles of Sohra area who have stopped working to support the strike of MCCL employees. Leaders of KSU, FKJGP, HYF, HYC, Mawmluh Youth Association, Mawmluh Women's Association, Sohra Sumo Association and others also spoke on the occasion.
Let us ask ourselves, have these political parties turned against us or have we the voters given our votes without thinking and sold our precious votes for the sake of the scheme? (This author is a teacher at NEHU) Thank you very much for your support. I'm 26 years old and I'm in the constituency of Jan Shillong but I don't have an MLA who doesn't know anything. When will the change come, I'm just thinking, because this year I don't want to vote because I've already seen someone who is useless.
Nongpoh, June 12: Several farmers from Shakhoikuna Village in Ri Bhoi District today expressed their concern over the allegation that there have been exploiters who have taken advantage of the development works. by the government for the farmers.
After the order was sent by the Board on the eviction of the occupants of these 15 houses, 155 families have prepared themselves and moved to other places, while 21 Twenty were shifted to accommodation provided by the Board.
The Ministry of Education has sent a notice to the President of KJDSTA, Babu Kular Khongjirem, that the government has released the teachers from the census. They should send a letter to the relevant authorities to take the necessary action, as many teachers have received letters of appointment for the census, and they have not been appointed. On the other hand, KJDSTA and GHDSTEA have expressed their gratitude to the government especially to the education department for taking care of their request. bit of the children read.
It is to be recalled that the Government of Meghalaya has already signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Government of Assam through the two Prime Ministers, Conrad Sangma and Himata Biswa Sarma. jaunt in the border.
During the raid, which was conducted on 24th June and 1st July 2014, these people were arrested and handed over to the village authorities. ask forgiveness, for this is your wickedness.
Speech was also delivered by Kong D.Thangkhiew, LAC, District Legal Aids Authority who explained the laws to protect the elderly.
Relationship between the State and the Central Government (India): To strengthen the principle that India is not one nation, but the various nations and States have agreed to come together under one Constitution.
“The employees of the Saipung Police Station have not been in contact with a COVID-19 patient, and all the people who enter the Police Station should observe social distance. by standing at least 6 feet away from each other, to wash their hands with soap and water or to use hand sanitizers and it is prohibited to spread the news outside the area.
Due to the conflict between the night curfew and the date scheduled for the fete, the Dorbar Shnong Ladthadlaboh has decided to oppose the night curfew.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Circle on Tuesday donated blocks and dewbilat to a house flood victim in Moodymmai village, West Jaintia Hills District.
>If there is an electrical outage inside the house, do not touch the equipment or person who is not electrified but turn off the electricity immediately from the switch or MCB. but turn off the electricity immediately from the switch or MCB and the equipment or person will be disconnected from the electrical outlet.
He said that the JSU urges the contractors who bring in these foreign workers as well as other contractors when they bring in foreign workers should bring in those who have registered or those who have completed their work. court papers.
“It is necessary to protect the culture of the jaidbynriew but it should not affect other citizens of India,” he said.
Besides these issues which have been pending for many years, the Government of Meghalaya has been a source of income for the Government of India in Delhi for its needs from time to time.
The program was attended by the elderly, women, children and children as well.
They include 1 constituency social and development committee, and many others.
Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma said the Assam and Meghalaya Governments have decided to withdraw security forces from many villages on the border of Assam and Meghalaya.
Sarma wrote in a tweet last night about the incident and said that the man is undergoing treatment at GMCH Guwahati.
The All India Trinamool Congress Party (AITC) on Saturday welcomed its candidate Andrew Shullai from Jowai Constituency at a meeting held at Jerusalem Square, Jowai.
About 182 candidates including 8 women candidates have taken part in the GHADC elections and have been in the EVMs.
But the problem is that many don’t know the facts and are simply scared away by people who don’t have much knowledge about the virus.
Badapjied Kylla said the government should continue its plan to appoint full time teachers in various schools and expedite the appointment of full time teachers who have passed. the MTET examination in schools in the state.
I want to test because I just want to be happy.
Shillong, June 24: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, on Tuesday said that the decision to extend the recruitment period for the Gram Sevika examination will be taken by the government.
The BSF had surrounded the area near Shella, but the robbers managed to escape.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today decided to close down the Musa Compound and Gopal Ji Compound in Jhalupara due to the confirmation of positive cases of Corona Virus (COVID-19). they are close to those who have the disease.
Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh said the biggest problem is the lack of land.
He said that if he wins the ticket from the party, his main goal is to win the election, and if he wins the election, he will continue to monitor the development works. which he brought during his tenure as MDC, from this constituency which are still pending.
Not long after that, he came back with a disease that affected his body, with boils from head to foot. and the last cry of his wife, she said to him, "Do you still believe in your righteousness?
The mission aims to increase the income of farmers, increase their capacity, implement new technologies, strengthen post-harvest shyrmit and improve production methods to increase income. farmers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: Students of Mawlai Presbyterian College today cleaned up the Suna Water Path at Mawlai Nongkwar as part of the cleanliness drive to attract tourists to the area. tourist.
At present, the ownership of the land is only in the name of the owner of the land, which is not owned or owned by the authorities. and Shahlang Nongjri.
The WHO may revise its rules to require a distance of 1 meter, or 3.3 feet, from each other.
By saying this, it does not mean that all the students should take over the responsibility of leading the Jaidbynriew.
There were also many other wounded soldiers.
Inter will try to make another offer at a higher price and so far there has been no agreement between the two clubs.
Speaking to media, u Bah Tynsong said that so far the injection rate has reached 49% and this is good news as the department has confirmed that before the end of November the injection rate, will exceed 70%.
There is a great relationship between Israel and Jesus Christ, according to the Word of God.
In this regard, it was said that the man has been detained by the police until the time of hearing the matter before the court in October
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 420 new cases have been confirmed and 4066 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
MM ThaiangJowai: The Aloysius Hospital, run by the Sisters of Mercy, was inaugurated on the 8th of this month by Sister Elsina Arackal. ) and blessed the hospital with the Holy Spirit by Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Bishop of the Diocese of Jowai.
As a nation we need skilled leaders who can support themselves and guide the youth and the community to stand on their own feet because once we have leaders who can trust themselves then the We can be kings and masters in our own country, and when we are free masters, it encourages us to defend and fight fiercely whether by physical or mental strength for the rights of the people. nongkynti, but if we continue to rely on the robbers, the nation will deteriorate as the days go by because the robbers have to humiliate themselves and surrender because they live to wait for the robbers themselves who do not bring benefits. something.
He said that the Minister of Taxation's statement that the government's implementation of the Gaming Act 2021 and the issuance of licenses is to attract wealthy and high-ranking tourists, Pastor EH Kharkongor said. He asked why they would be needed, saying that even without a casino, the state receives tens of thousands of tourists from all over the world.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Chairman of the Sur ka Bri u Hynniewtrep, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh on Thursday said that the state government has announced that it will soon complete the relocation of the CRPF headquarters. to New Shillong in the coming days.
The KSU has sent the petition due to the sudden increase in the temperature in these days which can also affect the health of the people.
Restless Desire is a band from Ri-Lum Garo.
Initially, the amount of money was T.9,99,999, but later it was shown that T.9.97 lakh tyngka had been counted and after the counting it was shown that there was only her own money in her account. T.2000 rupees.
“I want to educate my children but poverty prevents us.
It is also important to restructure the governance, income and employment.
The affected areas are Mawryngkneng, Mawphlang, Mashynrut, Nongstoin, Amlarem, Wapung and Saipung, Mairang, Mawkyrwat and Chokpot Block. South Garo Hills.
The second goal of Khliehmawlieh surprised everyone as Livingstone Nongrang's shot came from closer and unexpectedly went straight to Mawlai's net.
When they had finished, they sent these messages on that day to the priests, the Basan, and the Ministers of the Raid.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong Huroi, said that the four Kur Suchen should correct this mistake in their publication of the news regarding the meeting of the Kur Suchen.
By the end of the match, Angkit and Balgrik had scored 5/62 and 5/60 respectively.
Shillong, Iaiong 29: The State Government intends to shut down all unnecessary departments which are only a burden on its responsibilities.
“These days, the operation of various offices is using electricity and internet and if this office is moved to Shangpung, it will cause more problems while in Jowai the network is still down.
Shillong: A man named Aditya Kumar, 28, was injured when he was stabbed by unidentified persons in Lower Mawprem.
Dipu Sangma tied 114, which was also the first hundred runs, while Meghalaya scored 414/4
Therefore, everyone who has been justified by the blood of Christ and has been born again should not be ashamed of the Gospel of Christ, for it is POWER.Romans 1:1
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 8: The increasing number of officers in various government departments and offices has affected the people who go to the offices.
These meetings will be held as part of the campaign to raise awareness among the people on the impact of CAB. participate in the struggle against this law which could destroy the Khasi people.
“All the power is in the hands of the government, if it takes action, there will be no protests,” said Bah Malai.
Speaking to media in Guwahati, Himanta Biswa Sarma said that Assam does not accept new foreigners to enter the state.
“The IO has insulted Bah Rymbai by forcing him to reveal the involvement of government officials,” said Bah Kynta. Let's pray.
In another development, the Chief Minister of Mizoram, Zoramthanga, has announced that the first agenda of the founders of the Mizo National Front (MNF) will be is to unite all the Zo/Mizo people living in India and also to bring them all under the jurisdiction of one working group.
Under the Restructured Accelerated Power Development and Reforms Program (R-APDR), work has been progressed in nine cities at a cost of T.33.97 crore.
On the day of the inspection, it was found that many of the village leaders and youths of the village, have taken action to prevent the entry of foreigners. Vehicles or people are no longer allowed to pass through these villages, which is also part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-1
Surip Maner scored three goals in the 58th minute for 7 Wasa United, followed by two goals in the 58th minute from Dashngain Sukhalin. 60 & 76 minutes respectively.
There is also a 30 percent share for women.
It is a great shame to see such laws because we understand that there are many demanders of food who do not want to work hard, shed blood to earn a living. holy and without harm to others.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 86147 out of which 83666 have recovered and 1490 have died.
He urged the Meghalaya Police to join hands with the Bihar Police who have provided assistance to these men to investigate and lodge an FIR against these robbers.
Sharif was a joint candidate for the prime minister's seat of the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) and the Pakistan People's Party (PPP).
On Monday, the Government has appointed the Search Committee to find three members of the Expert Committee who are experts in various fields to read the Reservation Policy before submitting it to the Government for implementation. which is necessary.
“The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has passed a resolution challenging the rule and another case is pending in the Madras High Court where a PIL has been filed against it,” he said. said Kumar.
The arrested person is Shantre Niangti, 21 years old.
Perhaps the government understands that it cannot stop these competitions.
Explaining the principle of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra, he said that social justice comes only when the benefits of all Government schemes reach everyone equally.
The dismissal of these officers and the intention to appoint other officers is an evil plot by the government to protect Conrad's people, said the Movement.
At the ceremony, the DS Rongmesek, has honored 6 fighters for the establishment of Meghalaya as a full state, out of these 6, 3 are still alive today. and 3 others died.
When the candidate goes to the people in different villages, the party supporters say that he is a high level candidate who was dropped from heaven without consulting them.
We as the land owners cannot just bury and accept because the Rangbah Shnong's statement in a Khasi newspaper that we are the land owners who have rejected ourselves and do not want to cooperate with the whole village is a false news. and it is unfair because in the Dorbar it has been decided by the village together with the villagers through the instigation and insistence of the village leaders that these four households will not have any part in the village affairs which means we are the four households. we have lost all opportunity and village and have been displaced.
When asked why they did not oppose the decision of the Dorbar Shnong, some of the students (who did not want to be named) said that some of the leaders of the Dorbar Shnong after meeting with each other and took a decision. any resident or candidate to be elected as a joint candidate and after that they shall hold a Dorbar to somehow put in the head of the residents and elect him as a joint candidate.
The special judge for the case filed by the ED and CBI team, Kaveri Baweja, accepted the order after Kavitha moved before the court an invalid bail plea in connection with the judgment is more hashwa.
But the crowd was largely addicted to money.
The JSU has made it clear that it does not agree with the ban on foreign trade at LCS Dawki and urged all traders, transporters, drivers and contractors to follow the directives of the government and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. to fight against the disease and to break the chain of spread of the disease.
The border markets in Meghalaya to open in November are Bholaganj and Ryngku in East Khasi Hills while in South West Khasi Hills, Nolikata will open in November this year.
On the other hand, PSG beat Reims 3-0 on Saturday.
Himanta also sought the support of Meghalaya to demand from the Indian government to make Assam a major port of oxygen export to the North East.
“Therefore, for the benefit of the people, we demand that the Governor should convene a special session under Article 174 of the Constitution of India so that the leaders can discuss properly in the House. “We have decided to take action on this issue,” said KHNAM Vice President Thomas Passah.
The survey also showed that 54 percent of the households do not have a MHIS card.
To fight against the Corona virus and to stop the spread of it to all the residents, this meeting sends a special request to all the residents to strictly follow the protocols laid down. by the Government; and at the same time also being personally responsible in positive efforts related to health, hygiene and mutual respect.
If you need to get more than 24 hours to 28 hours a day.
Sohmylleng is about 85 km away and is also the mission field of the Mawkhar Presbyterian Church.
The death toll in Northern Ireland has risen to 118 with 11 deaths today.
Both the goals were scored by Banshan Pale in the 87th and 88th minutes.
It is not called Stadktien because it means something else in the Khasi dialect, which can be said to be a line of siangsdieh; and in English it can mean Cheeky.
This order has encouraged the Government Employees especially those who have been in charge of various Departments of the State, who have the authority to manage the schemes, projects and funds of the Department.
If the MDA decides to go to Delhi, there will be Congress MLAs (who are not in the government) who will not go to Delhi to get the respect of the MDA in the state government.
Other players of Mawlai who scored goals included Robert Khongriah (34'), Fairming Suting (74'), Kevin Rymbai (75') and Dajiedlang Wanshnong (in the 1st minute). 86').
“If the Karbi people are ready to reach peace, we are ready to reach peace,” said the chairman of the village.
The last thing that has brought shame and disgrace to the state is the failure of part of the construction of the new Legislative Assembly of the state.
The team also worked hard to clean up the fallen trees on the road and restore electricity.
Veronica Nongkhlaw was elected as the President of the party. Other newly elected members are Batrisia Nongrum, Vice President, Purity Thabah, General Secretary, T Kharumnuid-Asst General Secretary, Ridian Syiem-Treasurer and Raphel Syngkli-Publicity Secretary.
We will not be afraid.
After a break of a few minutes, the game resumed in the second half and both sides continued to fight hard to score, but both sides missed chances to score until the end of the game. .
Lahkmen said that it may have been that these contractors had gone to the site to clean up the site first, so that the coal mining could start, but even that did not happen. They have not been able to explain the truth and they are still hoping to arrest the Sordar to find out the truth.
After that, within 10 or 15 days we will show action against those who are making illegal earnings," he added.
Looking at the situation in West Khasi Hills as a whole, it was found that it is a district with a good agriculture and there is a great need for educated youth to think about how to to improve agriculture so that income will increase.
KSU Mawlai Circle urges the Government to take action against this problem of teachers, so that it will not affect the future of the students and especially now it is time for the students to take the exams. different.
Meanwhile, the newspaper said that the directorate has already prepared two lists of candidates, one based on the results of the NEET examination and one based on the marks in the examination. HSSLC class.“We have already submitted both the lists.
The lives of the patients who come for treatment at this place will be in danger if this happens.
He denied rumors that his visit to the state was only to pay his last respects before taking over as PCC President of Goa.
SGH has been the only team from Garo Hills, while the other teams are WJH, Shillong Cricket Association, East Khasi Hills CA and West Khasi Hills DCA. competition and one game had to be canceled due to weather.
“The Juvenile Justice Act 2015 provides for the protection of children who have committed crimes against the law.
He said that the two parties share the same responsibility in the campaign for the RDA candidate Robert June Kharjahrin.
On the other hand, the Assam Police, after agreeing to suspend the construction, have requested the village leaders and Sengbhalang, to allow them within 10 days to demolish the construction. The Police Station and take the equipment to Assam and they will see what comes out of the talks between Meghalaya and Assam on the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : The 2nd District T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 of the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) is underway. monday.
It is true that one kingdom cannot trust another kingdom.
Shillong, Nailar, 07: Not a single person from Meghalaya was able to testify on Tuesday in Shillong when the Inquiry Commission appointed by the Assam Government to investigate the death of of seven persons who were shot dead by the Assam Police on 22nd November, 2022 at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills district.
Babit was against Bony.
The fish is also bought and given to the elderly or those who are sick.
Shanborlang (record : 4 wins : 2 draws from 600 fights) will face Adil Kumar (record 4 wins : 1 loss : 1 draw) tomorrow in the Super Fly Weight category in the 8 rounds. .
After the arrest of Meban Talang and Sambun, police have arrested Jimmy Kyndait.
One of the three workers managed to escape from the scene before the robbers attacked, while two others were tied and bombed. The building materials in this area are not tied naphang.
He also took part in the World Uranium Hearing in Austria in
Everyone in the family was at home and didn't go anywhere because of the heavy rain.
The factory, the largest factory in eastern Assam, has been operating since
But the question is, where did it go?
One Christmas has passed and another will come. The Government of India has not yet had time to think about the desire of the people of the State to get the ILP. The State Government's decision to listen to the BJP leaders from Delhi is unacceptable.
Mawlai SC, the winner, also received a check of Rs 3 lakh from the OC Blue sponsor Pijush Dey and Shri Lakshya Jit Borah.
Shillong: Meghalaya lost by 20 runs in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 match between Meghalaya and Mizoram on Saturday. Mizoram tied 163/6 in 20 overs to which Meghalaya could reply with 143/7
Regarding the opening of the Blood Bank, Bah AL Hek, said that he as a Minister of State, hopes that the Blood Bank will operate in a proper manner and will benefit the people. public, especially for those who need urgent blood transfusions, in case of any illness or injury.
The inspired psalmist says, “The unity of the children of God reveals the glory of Christ on earth,” and he says, “Inside this House, pure love and peace;
“Compared to the state of education in Bihar, we have improved a lot and to restore the lost dignity, we need a party that has a clear goal to be in the government. “It is only the VPP that can save education from the drowning,” he said.
It is also reported that the jobcard worker found the fossil stones during the digging of the village road.
He also urged the trainees not to miss the training so that they can get all kinds of training.
Kirkpatrick (Wade).
When the reporter inquired about the assistance from the government authorities to the victims, it was found that the assistance comes after more than a year or up to two years.
They include the Mynriang, Myn, Umlong, Umnam, Umphe, Umkhri, Umtruin, Umshara and others.
Furthermore, Bah ES Majaw, encouraged the youth to preserve their traditional Khasi dress, language, culture and dignity and to fight for the right to longtrai. We have three important parts to identify ourselves as a nation, namely blood, language and culture.
With the increasing population in the villages, towns and cities of our state and country, we understand and see clearly that the pollution of these places is also increasing.
The destruction of the rice fields by this pest has caused a huge loss to the farmers of this area; According to the farmers, in the past, they used to get 140 or 150 tins of rice per tin of seed, but this year they get only 15 to 20 tins. and the seed shall be in the house of Tin.
Other issues like the railway, the Inner Line Permit, the State Reservation Policy, the protection of environmental values ​​and the border dispute with Assam, these are the issues that we have to think carefully about. Put forward something that will benefit all and will not be a hindrance to the future development of Meghalaya.
After completing her secondary school education, she was sent to Tinsukia, Assam.
Bah Monarch ShabongThe police clashes against the MLAs are interesting to watch these days and the reason is because they have their own ideas to intimidate one side and the other. This is due to the clash between the police and the MLA in Motphran.
He also explained that the work of the Power Department of the CM from the generation of electricity to the delivery of electricity to every village and household in the country, is in line with the goals of the CM.
He said that if foreigners try to forcibly enter their names in the electoral roll, the complaint should reach the police before 15th July.
Since its inception, Dalmia Cement has emerged as a market leader in the North East, playing a key role in driving economic development in the region.
However, the biggest problem has arisen due to the price hike and decline in the price of these agricultural products which has affected the farmers of this area who rely on agriculture for all their needs. do not man the day.
Many people were seriously injured and many vehicles were damaged during the FKJGP march on the 28th.
In 1998, Marak founded the Garo National Council (GNC) and won another election but lost the Lok Sabha elections in
Compare 1897 and 2023 :-The houses in 1897 were 100 feet tall.
This is the first festival of this year and for other festivals during this year it will be held after the Syiem Khlam and Blei Ram Shyllong.
The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 – Daloi wishes a happy Lehniam Behkymphui to the children of the Seiñraij Mynso who live all over the state of Meghalaya.
Later, the drivers of the truck fled the scene.
“Wheat is also imported, fish is also imported, sñing, syiar, cows for slaughtering and even jhur and jhep are still imported from abroad.
On the part of the school principals, Principal Kong S.Nongkhlaw and Pastor L. Pohsngap, they expressed their gratitude to FKJGP Mawlai and Central Body for donating this donation.
Pyni Myrchiang scored in the 38th minute and Slitor Shylla in the 78th minute.
If this is the case, it is better to abolish the District Council.
The fact, which is evident from these incidents in these days, shows that there is no cooperation between the villages and the Block Offices and the offices of the Deputy Commissioners. taking advantage of the law into their own hands.
On the night of 7th June, during an election campaign rally, a clash broke out between supporters of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) and the National People's Party (NPP) in a village in Phulbari constituency, in which nine people were killed. According to a report from the District Election Officer of West Garo Hills, the incident happened at 10:45 pm at Charbatapara village, when a clash broke out between TMC supporters and TMC supporters. NPP: TMC Phulbari MLA SG Esmatur Mominin, other party leaders including Moni Mondol and Bhuttu, and NPP MDC GHADC Habibur were also present on the occasion. Zaman with his supporters.
He also attended the closing ceremony of the College Week of Khadsawphra College in Mairang.
He warned that the loss of wealth is a threat to the future generations and urged the people not to sell their land to foreigners, companies, the government because there is no end to the curse will come on the latter.
He urged both the parties to resolve all the complaints sent to all the government departments and both the parties have promised to do so.
The Minister said that a meeting has been arranged with the agencies or those responsible for mining coal for those who have been allowed to mine coal in Nongstoiñ, where a program will be held to honor the workers. It is difficult for the government to start mining coal according to scientific knowledge.
Hundreds of people came out to march and among those who came out to protest at Pynursla were also the leaders of Bah Prestone who said that this is the issue of the jaidbynriew which they would like to support. only.
In this regard, the union has lodged a complaint with the MeECL authorities in Nongpoh, but the reply we have received is that they count the bill light according to the visit of the meter readers. Every meter in the houses of the people, so that according to the meter, the count is exactly as counted.
Shillong, March 3 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and his delegation will leave tomorrow for a six-day visit to the exhibitions in Calais, France.
If I am the Chief Minister, I will lead all the ministers to Delhi with the advocates because I have already spoken to him and he has already explained to me. or the Minister of Home Affairs, I have confirmed that this MRSSA will come into force.
However, as soon as the vote was cast, these songs disappeared and no one played them.
The Vice President of the KSU, Umsning Circle, Bah Augustine Nongbri said that the KSU wants to inform the world about the opposition to the company and its supporters so that the people of Ri-Bhoi will not stay in the company. darkness.
If the NPP doesn't like it, the UDP shouldn't.
“Bah Lyngdoh is a former MLA from Umroi constituency.
“Yes, he is only married but he has a car,” said the man.
Jesus can turn our sad stories into joyful stories.
When no one won, the referees held a tie breaker and Nongthymmai beat Umphyrnai 4-2
He said that the IB authorities have started a thorough investigation into the incident.
In the church, shoes may be allowed to be worn inside only if sprayed trays are provided at the entrance to wash the shoes.
These are merely phrases and phrases.
Therefore, the KSU demands that the government and the relevant department should take immediate action on this issue.
The police department has warned against anyone who tries to create racial discrimination, and if found guilty, they will be punished according to the law.
Nongstoiñ: The SSA Teachers of West Khasi Hills District today held an Executive Committee meeting in Nongstoin.
The Traditional Herbal Medicinal Plant Garden and Herbal Medicine School were inaugurated by Ma A Syngkon, Program Coordinator, KVK, Jowai on 17th July.
Shillong: There have been 166 new cases of covid-19 in the state today and 43 recoveries.
After the inspection, the Nongpoh MLA also convened a meeting at the Conference Hall of the DRDA in Nongpoh, to discuss how to expedite the work of improving the drainage system. The meeting was attended by the EAC of Ri Bhoi, Bah K. Thabah, Project Director of NHAI, Bah SK Burma, Chairman of Nongpoh Town Committee, Bah CB Syiem and officials from PHE, MeECL and others. and others.
Regarding the loss of electricity due to the loss of the transformer, the students have requested the department to take action to ensure that the electricity will not be cut off in the area especially when the examinations of the students are approaching.
West Jaintia Hills came second in the women's category with 8 medals, 5 gold, 1 silver and 2 bronze. gold copper.
Jowai, November 20: The Jaintia Tribal Traders Association (JTA) has strongly opposed the curfew called by the HNLC, as it affects the poor and the needy.
Police have deployed dozens of vehicles to Nongmensong, Polo, Pynthor and Demseiniong to search for the suspects.
He said the UDP wants Bah Pius to get a better role even if he is not a government minister, as Ranikor is a backward constituency which needs a lot of people. does not develop.
Doctors said they got the technique from a French doctor, Alain Colombie, who photographed himself last month in protest over the shortage of protective equipment for doctors in France.
Km).
I can't tell you.
“I accept that the price of petrol has caused problems to the people of the country these days, but the government has spent T.35,000 crore for the purchase of anti-corona drugs. At this time, we are still looking forward to raising funds for various development projects,” said Dharmendra Pradhan.
Besides the leaders of KJCLF, those who were present were the leaders of KSU, FKJGP, JSU, HYC, HANM, CORP, COMSO and others who expressed their concerns and need for support in prayers. of Church leaders and parents in the country.
Lamwan Phawa of Sein Jait Tuber School led the swearing-in ceremony of the participating schools.
Therefore, the Shnong Authority has informed the public in advance so that everyone can get information.
Prestone criticized AITC National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee for saying that his party will defeat the BJP in Tripura and the National People's Party (NPP). in Meghalaya, they will not contest the MLA elections next year.
This includes the equipment for the treatment of people with mental illness where the doctor of this hospital is still using public beds and this hospital does not have those beds or beds related to the treatment of the disease. teeth.
The Seng in this meeting with the EM Elaka who is also the Deputy CEM of KHADC, expressed its deep sorrow over this behavior of the Syiem Raid which has put a lot of danger to the state and also to the people.
If you don't fear man, that's okay, but we should fear God.
It has also banned the invitation of foreign companies for works worth up to T.200 crore.
Trucks carrying coal have been directed to pass only through the Byrnihat Check Point.
Shillong, Naitung 11: A 46-year-old man has thrown stones at the house of Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA of East Shillong Constituency on Tuesday evening. He is a resident of Kharmalki, Shillong.
There are 550 confirmed cases so far and the death toll has risen to 1,5
3) The Government and the Village, in collaboration with the household members, shall take good care of those under quarantine for their needs within 14 days or 28 days.
There are 97 cases, including 61 cases in East Khasi Hills, 13 cases in Ribhoi District and 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
Former Law Minister and former Congress MP Kapil Sibal said, “Rahul should be removed because he has been sentenced to two years imprisonment and only if the court The CJM shall be reinstated but if not, he shall not only be disqualified but shall not be able to contest elections for 8 years from the date of the verdict.
The promise of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to the San Shnong Development Organization (SSDO) to immediately remove the Border Police Outpost of Assam at Saba, West Jaintia Hills has ended in a promise without any documents.
“I have heard that the VC has invited the MCTA to come to the negotiating table to resolve the differences between the two cases and I hope that soon the issues faced by the MCTA will be resolved. regarding the implementation of the NEP in colleges,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Mawphor reporter, while investigating the incident, on Thursday, July 2, found that the students have been able to meet the teachers, play with them. friends with a smile on their faces and especially they have received again the teaching of the book chapters which is the most important part for the students.
The trial is being conducted by Apollo Tires in collaboration with Manchester United, with more than 6,600 children taking part in the programme. u year.
He said that the party does not want the government to take this decision to demarcate the border just to please anyone and before taking a decision for Block II and Other areas that are still pending should be resolved by the villagers and the Raid and Hima rulers, because in this regard they know better especially if you take it through the books. leaves or existing islands, he added.
“It should do this immediately,” said NESO Chairman Samuel Jyrwa.
On the same day, the MLA also handed over the equipment to four villages in Umthlong, Dwarbah, Soh Plum, Lummawnei and Umshor Shor.
John said that the party has also received a complaint from a resident of Maikhuli area that the foreigner who is operating the illegal quarry has also built a road inside the area. Prohibit the public from passing through this road without claiming that this road belongs to you.
For in those days shall be affliction, such as was not from the beginning of the creation which God created unto this time, neither shall be.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Khliehriat Circle and the Federation of Garo People (FKJGP) have demanded that the Superintendent of Police of East Jaintia Hills District should conduct a special inquiry into the killing of two persons. student in the last 3 months.
Moosalyngkat tried their best to turn the tide but managed to score only 10 goals from Meaban Thubru in the 64th minute. Wahiajer scored 2-1 goals in the second half.
India has moved forward in the last nine and a half years of the Modi Government and every citizen in the country has been able to say that they are now those spokespersons of India who have moved forward. “We will soon be able to reap that fruit unlike during the Congress rule when the country was far behind,” he said.
“There are 59 members of the House, and so far this morning, 31 members including HSPDP, PDF, VPP, Congress and TMC and one member have come to express their views. private candidate.
On this occasion, the meeting of the three political parties was also entertained by singers and dancers from the youth of the area.
An unidentified person has been hit by a 12-wheeler truck at Sahdaloi Thadmuthlong Phramer, West Jaintia Hills.
When contacted by the students , they said that there are about 60 students who have completed their studies together and many of them have already received their certificates after 3 days but these 15 students have not yet received their certificates obtained even after a month.
In West Khasi Hills, the recipients of the award were the Principal of Langtor Higher Secondary School, Bah Espigland Kurbah while in South West Khasi Hills, the Headmaster of Rangthong Christian Deficit School, Bah Colonel Syiemlieh.
In addition to the many prayers found in the Bible, there are two prayers that strike my mind and I find them to be clear and expressive prayers of spiritual experience.
The total number of recoveries is 13,230 and the death toll is
In the presence of the Rangbah Shnong and other witnesses, the door which was locked from inside was opened.
“This is no longer the time to fight against the British Government or the rulers from other places, but the struggle is to fight against all kinds of evils in the world through knowledge,” said Kong Isawanda. Speaker at the 160th Anniversary of Kiang Nangbah at Mynkoipyrdi Iongpiah Jowai organized by the Seinraij Jowai.
“About 98 percent of the 108 staff pick up the call immediately and 99 percent pick up the call a second time while the 100 number belonging to the police if called sometimes does not get received. Raju said while launching the website of the East Khasi Hills Police Station at the Police Headquarters Shillong today.
The JSM awarded them with a commemorative prize and cash prize.
What I expected in Umling, in Ratacherra at the DMR office, the CCTVs are not working.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Electricity, Abu Teher Mondal, today said that MeECL has sent 80 more personnel from West and South West Garo Hills to repair the damage. to wild storm.
When asked why the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma has admitted that Mukroh falls under Assam despite the ongoing talks on the border, Bah Tynsong said he does not know why the Chief Minister. Assam has said this although it has now reached the stage of moving to the second round of talks.
In fact, it brings many problems and challenges.
He said this day was declared by the UN in 1973 to rehabilitate forests by planting trees after seeing that the destruction and damage to the environment has endangered the lives of people.
However, these Voters Information Slips cannot be used by voters as identity cards at polling stations.
Two members of the United People's Front (UPFKL) in West Karbi Anglong District have been arrested by the Assam Police.
“The NPP has also invited other political parties and added that so far they have at least 32 MLAs and they will confirm the number of MLAs in the of them on October 7th.
Rakkam and the Advisor to the Ministry of Education, Bah HM Shangpliang on Tuesday also visited the MATI.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong said the government will release an allocation of Rs 534.6573 crore for the implementation of works in the villages through the MGNREGA scheme. He added that the funds will be released to the Block Development Officers for the payment of wages and purchase of necessary equipment.
“We can announce the first list of candidates by the end of July,” he said.
However, perhaps there are residents in Ri-Lum Garo who feel that the pyrla is far away because the capital of the state is far away from them.
Christians who will be denied entry to heaven will say, “We have eaten and drunk in thy presence, and thou hast taught in our streets.
The meeting was held under the leadership of Dr. Lalrintlunga Jahau, who worked hard to establish the party in Mizoram and was formed under the leadership of Lianzuala, former President of Young. Mizo Association (YMA), where he was elected as the Chairman and to strengthen the party in the state.
The approval or rejection of the Bill by the House depends on the majority.
The smuggling of cows from Tikrikilla to Hallidayganj (Panbari) and these cows are from Assam.
The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) and the JHADC have failed to collect the garbage collected at Iawmusiang, Iawthymme Ladthadlaboh, Lad. Thomas Jones and others, said the leaders of the Union of Village Authorities, Jowai.
Shillong: On the 30th of this month, Rupang has honored three drivers, Robertson Nengnong of Pynursla Shillong Tourist Maxi Owners Association and Kenson Marbaniang of Pynursla Shillong Indica. Manbha Sohkhlet, from the Tourist Taxi Owners and Drivers Association, Pynursla.
Before opening the scheme, Ma Holando praised the work of the village officials for the completion of this beautiful Public Lavatory. He urged the residents to take care of the Public Lavatory because the presence of this Public Lavatory has brought about the goal of cleanliness in the village. He said that he was ready to work together with any problems of the village as much as he could.
Shillong, July 19 : The National People's Party (NPP) in collaboration with the Congress has suddenly dissolved the Executive Committee (EC) led by the United Democratic Party (UDP) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today. on Monday.
God said, “But I have this against you, that you allow that woman Jezebel, who calls herself a prophetess, to teach and seduce my servants to commit adultery. and eat things sacrificed to idols (the worshiper of Satan).
At the same time, he said that the decision taken by these youths is the right one because the Congress in the country has declined steadily.
He agreed to lead the Presbytery Group of Mawphlang to lay the foundation stone for the construction of a new college in Khwan.
Ms Diolin urged the government to arrange for odd and even numbers for the vendors in order to comply with the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. to earn a living to support their families.
The Khasi people did not accept Assam's plan to forcibly introduce the Assamese language and demanded their own state.
The state has witnessed the presence of rich politicians, but the state is poor and the poor people are also suffering,” said Dr Myrboh.
The Cabinet also approved the Shillong Urban Mobility Policy 2024 as directed by the Central Government to provide for the movement of vehicles and people, parking space and others.
Ma Kerios Wahlang is the greatest Khasi singer of God.
“Drug abuse has increased in J-K. It should have been an area where action should have been taken.
He informed the court that the images of the overloaded overturning truck were taken by him.
Another Greater Umsowai Water Supply Scheme will be launched soon in West Karbi Anglong.
"It is true that he chooses his workers, but this does not mean that he can hire an unskilled or unskilled worker, so that he can pay him a higher price, because he all kinds of work should be valued according to their rights.
The meeting of the Dhar Kur was enriched by the Pliang, Rwai and Shad dances by the youth of the Kur from all over the villages.
The second semifinal will be played tomorrow between Laitkor SC and Umphyrnai SC at 3.30 pm.
He said the helicopter landing site has remained unused and the PWD officers have not been able to respond.
With respect to science and technology, that it is indeed the wisdom that God has given to man to seek and discover these wonderful and happy things for mankind here on earth as the years go by. walk.
The second commandment is to drink a mixture of shynrai and two slabs of sying makhir, one slat of sying makhir and two shamoit in a glass of water. I don't know if I'm going to drink or not.
Both the leaders of the MDA Government, the Chief Minister and the Deputy Chief Minister, have strongly opposed the right of teachers to take part in the public service and have proposed to the non-Government teachers to go to court.
Chemical additives have been in almost every type of food which has a negative impact on health.
Shillong: From June to November, 61 mothers died during childbirth and 877 children died after childbirth, Dr. Aman War said. ladep gave him.
Mawtngam, South West Khasi Hills District is one of the villages famous in the area and in writings as the village where the Syiem used to fight for freedom against the enemies of Sngap Sing Syiem.
The release letter has been sent to all DCs and DM&HOs have been informed on 29 October 2021, the statement said.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Hamletson Dohling, has abducted Boston from his residence before the election in GHADC. He said that the Meghalaya government will soon start implementing projects for the Smart City by building the first new market in Laitumkhrah at a cost of Rs 30 crore. amount.
The Jews therefore said to the blind man, “Give glory to God, because this man (Jesus) is a sinner.
On the same day, the office bearers of Mawsynram Block including Bah O Pdahkasiej as President, Mr Arsing Roy Dishiar, General Secretary Tros Pde, Asst Secretary Morningstar Iawrod and Treasurer were also elected. and Meletstar Thongni.
In another match, Ri-Bhoi scored 177 runs and SCA-B 104 runs in the first innings.
In the Lyngngam area, Bah Witting Mawsor and no doubt others.
Shillong: The Dorbar Khliehshnong, Sohra would like to inform the public that according to a newspaper report today (26/7/2021) regarding the visit of His Excellency Amit Shah to Sohra, on 25th November, “The Assam Rifles will be deployed to patrol the whole of Sohra,” said Amit Shah.
He therefore urged the leaders of the associations to start working hard in this regard.
Breakfast should include protein, healthy fats and fibre.
That is why I oppose this public hearing.
He said that in fact, it is only a party meeting and not a public meeting where there is no need to put tynghung.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Wrestling Association of Meghalaya (WSA) has started the selection tournament for the 3rd North East Olympic Games 2024 in Nagaland. The Happy Red Rooster Gym in Laitumkhrah on Tuesday.
This child-friendly learning center helps them to find information 24 hours a day, to ask questions and to learn.
M.Iangjuh, spokesperson of the Lamlynti Border Farm Society, requested the participants to conclude the program with a smile.
Therefore, all the people are requested to respect the order of the Committee.
“Other constituencies where the CDEC has not yet sent the names of the candidates include Mawrynkneng, Sohra, Mawkynrew, Nongkrem and Mawphlang,” he said.
For he spake, and it was done; he commanded, and it stood fast.
Police have arrested the suspect and at the time of his arrest, he shouted “Allahu Akbar”, or God, the Almighty.
However, before the district authorities reached the Motphran Bridge tonight, about 76 clothes vendors on the bridge had gathered on top of the bridge, threatening not to leave. from the bridge and to stay overnight on the bridge to protest against the plan to close the dam.
In a statement sent via video, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the talks were fruitful and there was also an understanding.
“This sudden order to close the markets will severely affect the small and medium traders to meet their household needs and we strongly condemn the District Magistrate for this. market closure law.
Elsewhere, India has witnessed atrocities and injustices against its own Christian citizens – from the killing and injury of missionaries and pastors, to the persecution of its own to the damage to sacred objects and churches, even to the making and implementation of government laws and regulations that prevent an individual citizen from choosing his or her own faith .
Mizoram will face the winner of the second semifinal between Punjab and West Bengal at 1 am tomorrow, while the final will be played on Friday.
Perhaps in schools not only election songs should be taught but politics itself should be taught.
On the other hand, Bah RL Blah said that the SRSBH will hold a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs to find a place to accommodate the youths who have come from outside the North East (NE) who have been quarantined. schools and other vacant places in each village.
Knowledge of the basics is essential.
Other speakers included CEM of JHADC Ma Thombor Shiwat, MDC of JHADC Jesse Suïam, former MDC of Myngsngat Khanduli, Pheiñ Nangleiñ and others.
However, as in the past years, EBSA has not done anything despite the fact that Lumdiengngan has qualified for the MSL 2023,” said the statement.
Whether you are a resident of the constituency or not, you are a resident of the constituency or outside the constituency.
During the meeting, the group agreed with the suggestion of Bah John F Kharshiing that he will arrange a meeting with the heads of the Labor Department of the Meghalaya Government to discuss the issue. understand to work together how the youth from ITI / Polytechnic and others in Meghalaya can take advantage of this opportunity to come forward and work hard to reach these jobs.
Barisha Mawlong is a native of Kyrdemkulai and is studying at Umsning.
The Minister of Food and Civil Supplies, Clement Marak, has directed officers to conduct an inspection into the affected people.
Shillong: On the occasion of Women's Day on the 06th October 2021, the Seng Longkmie Umpling with the participation of hundreds of mothers of this village has celebrated this special day of theirs. the Dorbar of the Village.
The Chief Minister said the government has deployed police to patrol the village and the State Pollution Board has already informed the Central Pollution Board in this regard.
In 1980 we got the Meghalaya Agricultural Product Market Act 1980, then we got the Meghalaya Agricultural Product Market Rules
The number of cases of Covid-19 in India has risen to 26,000 so far and the death toll has risen to
“This shows that the VC does not have the authority to appoint and the VC has violated the rules even those approved by the Executive Council and especially his violation of the rules of the UGC,” said Prof.Kma.
The problem of the department is the lack of funds of the julla government which this year the allocation is only about Rs 6 crore which is only to pay the salaries of the employees but there is no fund. to conduct public sermons or any other public hearings.
A total of 5,088 people have recovered from treatment in various hospitals in the state.
“You will be surprised that in Shillong alone there are 4 to 5 cases of domestic violence lodged every day at the police station and every day, 3-4 accidents happen in Shillong and when “We are investigating into the incident, the cause is drugs and alcohol,” said Dr. Bishnoi.
For the first time, India has introduced the National Automated Fingerprint Identification System (NAFIS), which will be implemented nationwide.
We will continue to investigate against illegal trafficking in accordance with the provisions of the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation Act.
In addition, the mat needs young people.
“I don't spend anything except for the cost of paint and the clothes I wear,” he said.
At one of the meetings of the KSCMD held on 16.07.1949, Bah Rosaiah Nongrem also expressed his view that the Sixth Schedule is not the house of the Khasi States.
The office was inaugurated by MPUF Central Body President Dapoiwanmi Laloo and at the same time he confirmed the office bearers of MPUF-Khliehriat Circle.
Houses, churches, schools were destroyed and crops were damaged, especially in Ri War.
The RBYF members arrested 24 foreigners at a place in Nongthymmai Umsning after some members informed them that the bus number AS 01 LC 1489, which was carrying foreigners, which the RBYF members suspected that the passengers of the bus did not have proper documents and which led them to The RBYF Umsning has been informed to arrest and question the foreigners who were on the bus.
“Although no time has been set for the completion of this task, the committee will do so as soon as possible as this task is very difficult because there is a case in court,” he said. state.
Members of the Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) on Saturday, after receiving a complaint from the chiefs of the area, visited the site of the Iingbasa in Them Marwet. , Khanapara and have suspended the construction of the building co-owned by Ram Avtar Agarwal and Suresh Prithani.
He also complained that the check gate at Byrnihat is no longer operational only at 8 pm and questioned how to prevent foreigners from entering the country when the government department is not in order.
Russia have lost one of their players, Igor Smolnikov, after the referee sent him off on a red card.
Furthermore, there was an incident that in those 1973 and 1974, a new Autonomous District was created from the United Khasi Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council. ka notification No.TAD/R/50/64 dated the 23rd November 1964 published in the Assam Gazette, Extraordinary, No.61, Monday November 23rd, 1964, Tuesday, November 24 1964.
Earlier, NHWU General Secretary Bah Silverter Iangrai said that the main objective of the union is to create unity among the workers to ensure the welfare and tolerance of discrimination.
The Vice President of the All Dimahasao Students Union said that the KSU and the KSU are like brothers here and they are very close and will work together here.
The union believes that the state government has forcibly confiscated land which does not fall under the provisions of the Town and Country Planning Act Act, 1973, because sub-section (2) of Section 1, provides that it shall not apply to laws which fall within the boundaries of District Councils.
In this regard, the government has investigated thoroughly those involved, but it is still slow despite the progress of the investigation.
The North Eastern Region Car Rally also aims to encourage the youth, to encourage them to become leaders and to instill the spirit of patriotism.
During the meeting, the Minister promised to call the officers on Monday to discuss the issue of implementation of MGNREGS schemes in the state. He is the Chairman of JTS.
The sad thing about this struggle is that there are those on both sides who have struggled with disrespectful views and words, who have thrown themselves and the nation in front of the Dkhars. I have been able to laugh at you.
Although the Durand Cup this year is not equal, with the aim of going far in the I-League 2023-24, the club has brought in this player who is also a player. 'The first foreigner the club has signed before the start of the I-League this year.
The MP from West Bengal also appealed to the people to support the TMC and promised that if the people win, she will take action to bring about development in the TMC. constituency.
“According to the Work Order, the construction of this school should be completed within 30 months and the construction of this school can be expedited if the state government expedites the funds,” he said. said Mr. Nongsiej.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has decided to postpone the election for the new MLA of Sohiong constituency on 10th July 2023 and the counting of votes will be on 13th July 2023.
To take action to reduce air pollution in the area where there are many factories in Ri Bhoi District, the Government of Meghalaya has set up a special committee for the implementation of the National Clean Air Programme. (NCAP) to be headed by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to fight against or eliminate the problem of air pollution in India as a whole.
The meeting was attended by youths from West and East Jaintia Hills District, Jowai.
He said that some of the participants came from Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, Nepal and other neighboring countries, including soldiers from the Indian Army, Indian Navy and Assam Rifles. come to take part.
“When the drinker has drunk, he feels like a pig, but he doesn't know that it leads to destruction and makes him like a pig”, said Bah LT Tariang. They also shoot people and often they are seen sleeping without being found.
The Sister said that within the group there are also Advisory Committees in their respective villages and areas, and the Committee also holds meetings once a month. The Children's Workers Group works closely with the CWC, and also holds regular meetings.
According to RTI, the department has recently appointed two persons through the MPSC in the Directorate of Hindi Translator and Garo Translator and there are also several personnel appointed through the DSC in the districts.
At present, the Government continues to provide assistance to households who take LPG cylinders is about T.53 per month.
After the collapse of the State Legislative Assembly, I have many questions to ask: (i) Immediately after the collapse of the Executive Engineer of PWD, the Government of Meghalaya has explained the reasons. which cause the round house to fall.
According to Bah Dkhar, he learned about these from the stories.
Shillong: Hundreds of supporters, including the elderly, women and youth, have joined the United Democratic Party (UDP) at rallies held at Moilam, Balat and Mawpud.
The State University is the Captain Williamson Sangma State University (CWSSU).
The weigh bridge weighs the axle load, which means that the truck and the load have to be weighed.
[continued]To eliminate this tendency to speak without thinking, first you have to accept the fact that it is up to you how you control your tongue.
We must remember that this is an unprecedented event in this generation and therefore, it also requires bold decisions to improve the income of the country as a whole.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) on the 25th of this month has sent a notice to the Chief Secretary of the State to submit a report. related to the displacement of households living in Lum Survey.
If you stay in the same party, the reward will always be there and those who turn head-to-head every time and every election, the same party will not be able to stay or stay the same (a rolling). stone gathers not moss).
Without hesitation, he went to take care of them in their homes where they lived with a pure heart and without payment.
According to government information, many of its employees attend political party meetings, public meetings and public gatherings.
The Government has claimed that the dismissal of these officers is in accordance with the provisions of the Lokayukta Act as the law does not allow retired officers to become members of the Lokayukta Act. The appointment of officers who are still working will reduce the expenditure of the government as it does not need to spend on salaries.
If Reliance General Insurance Co.
“We have to look into the matter before we call for talks with the GNLA,” said Dr Mukul Sangma at one of the meetings he inaugurated at the Multi Center in Williamnagar today. be sure before you make a decision.
Apart from these, there is no Agor tree anywhere in Ri Lyngngam.
Shillong: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that the departure of 12 MLAs from the Congress party and joining the All India Trinamool Congress (APCC) AITC) has nothing to do with the Congress party because it has already been established in the state, but these 12 MLAs who left the party have joined a new party which has not yet been recognized. It will take up to 20 years for it to grow in Meghalaya.
Before giving birth to her children, the unidentified woman used to take good care of her body when she was pregnant and used to go for treatment at one of their health centres. private person.
However, if the land is in the forest or in a place where trees are cut down, this rule may not be necessary.
“We call ourselves Khasi, u Khun Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep – that is our thymmei and no one is greater or greater to change the chapter of history with a single speech. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the MDC of Jaïaw Constituency.
The Lok Sabha today passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016, but the party together with NESO will wait for the decision of the upper house, the Rajya Sabha tomorrow.
This shows that illegal activities are rampant in connection with the coal mining.
West Jaintia Hills defeated Lyntijam from Ri-Bhoi District in the final and Dkhiah East Jaintia Hills won the third place.
Post Name:- Assistant ChemistNo of posts:- 1Department:- P.H.E.Department.
Bah Ardent was able to speak on this issue during the budget discussion.
Furthermore, Bah Mynsong, the new President of the PDF Mawhati Zone and Bah Roswell Shadap, the candidate of the PDF, who decided to contest, said that in the past four years we have not seen anything. change in the constituency and there is no need to support the candidates who intend to spend billions only during the election and when they win the people don't even see the face of the leader whom the people have voted for. win as they died last time," they added.
The chairperson of the Commission also called on the citizens of the state to cooperate in ensuring the protection of children from violence and violation of their rights.
A woman who took her children to get medicine, said that she left Mawmang village at 8 pm to get medicine from Kongthong Sub-Centre and it will take about 2 and a half hours to get inside. this is the place to take medicine.
There is no longer the responsibility and responsibility to serve and work righteously.
The third reason is that teachers are merely teachers who teach children without even understanding themselves.
“However, after arrangements with the state government and after meeting with the Prime Minister, it has been decided to hold it from 1st to 3rd June, 2024 at Khasi Heritage Village Mawphlang,” he said.
The Nagaland Baptist Church Council (NBCC) has warned the members of the church not to The Church of Almighty God from China has established a new church in the state.
On the same issue, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, said that the EC's action is not because it is powerful, but because the opposition cannot discuss according to the rules of law. because there is no Amendment.
M. Lakiang, District Mission Coordinator, SSA-West Jaintia Hills in her speech explained the theme of the day which is “Digital Innovation and Technology for Gender Equality”.
“In addition to not being poor people, we make modest wages to support our family and work long hours.
Regarding the decision to send cricketers under the age of 16, the committee agreed that the training center should be the Academy and the North East Cricket Academy was chosen. which is located in Guwahati and the duration of the training is 10 months.
It is true that it is pleasant to see the opinions of those who have learned about this issue, but there is also a need to take into account the opinions of women who love the dignity of their own Khasi culture.
Four mobile phones and a Maruti Swift Dzire were seized from them.
Furthermore, it is learned that while the man was hiding from the rain in a shop near the river, he broke his legs while trying to hide from the rain and fell into the river. The heavy rainfall has caused the small stream to become stronger and colored the man until he is no longer found.
It may be recalled that the NBAJAC has been with the NBAJAC since the beginning of the demand to relocate the C&RD Block office from Wapung to Narpuh in Lumshnong EJHD. They met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 13th November 2018 and demanded the restoration of the C&RD in Lumshnong.
At the same time, there have been other films produced by the company which have done well including Tu Jhoothi ​​Main Makkaar and Bholaa and films like Selfie and Shehzada. are the ones that flopped the most.
He also led the swearing-in ceremony to protect the environment and on the same day he also distributed prizes to the winners of the race.
JOWAI: The last day of the Durga Puja festival in East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills was held in East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
“For four and a half years he did not open the gate and now he is starting to open it because the elections are approaching.
The bill is responsible for opening up opportunities for minorities who have been discriminated against in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh.
The Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government will soon hand over the road from Umtyngngar to Nongsawlia to Thomas Jones.
Umphyrnai SC has 7 points and Imson SC has 10 points left.
Shillong, November 21 : U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA from Mawkynrew Constituency and currently the Minister in charge of Agriculture and Sports, today said that he has been working hard to improve the situation in the country. Rs 5 crore to join the National People's Party (NPP).
REST, WEAKNESS OR INABILITY TO CONCENTRATE :— Poor functioning of the kidneys can lead to accumulation of waste products and impurity in the blood.
He said that the rule of the two Syiems has caused many problems in the villages, but the presence of 40 villages who do not want to be in one hima, has undermined the desire. of many to be in one kingdom.
Samlin said that during the election campaign before the death of HDR, the comments were only between the UDP and the NPP. Therefore, to say that this party is not in Sohiong or Khasi Hills, there is no reason for them to say that the NPP is not in Sohiong or in Khasi Hills. He also admitted that Sohiong is one of the constituencies where the election campaign is the most active.
A special song was also performed by Ïainehskhem VO, Khliehriat West. A video related to the activities of MSRLS in East Jaintia Hills District was also shown on the screen.
He added that during the meeting, the Principal told them that on this demand, he will take it to the relevant authorities to resolve the issue.
Let us turn back to the question, why will phase 4 of the lockdown be different from the previous 3 phases? stand 1 meter away; Those who violate the lockdown will be greeted immediately by those who follow the lockdown.
These women are ASHAs who have been the first responders during the fight against COVID-19 and thus they are also “COVID Warriors.
Jowai : The 27th Sein Kyntu Raij 12 Daloi Lympung will be held at Pamtadong Village, West Jaintia Hills District on the 27th and 28th January
The scam is related to the illegal appointment of teachers and non-teachers in schools in West Bengal.
Jowai, Nailur 11: The Sur ki Nong Jaintia in collaboration with the Sur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep, will hold a Public Meeting on the 13th November, 2022 at 11 am mystep in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills.
It sends its condolences to the families of these victims and may God bless their families.
Elon Musk, the head of Tesla and SpaceX, who is also the world's richest man, admits that his brother-in-law knows how to play video games.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday, said that Mawmluh Cherra Cements Limited (MCCL) is a defunct company. The employees of the company, which is the first in the state or if we talk about it these days, comes in the word stigmatization and these words, without fail, have discouraged the employees and even those who in the family home of the founders of the company.
The army sources said that the victims were killed and wounded in the operation in Nangarhar, Kandahar, Herat, Ghor, Farah, Samangan, Helmand, Badakhshan and Kabul. the last 24 hours.
Then they cut off the branches and threw them into the field.
There is a house where they found Bah Kharshanlor who had eaten kwai at the door of God and in his house before they went to Mawlai they didn't find him, they didn't meet him, there was no one in the house. The police at that time had thrown these arrest warrants at the door.
However, it is not clear how many members of the JHADC will be elected by the people and how many members will be appointed.
I have a vision to shape the state as a state that is more diverse and brighter than other states.
It is worth mentioning that this school has done a lot of service to this community because in every program of this block meetings have been held in this ground of this school.
She said they are still seeking permission from the Deputy Commissioner to hold the meeting.
If youth from other states can get jobs at ISRO and participate in Chandrayaan-3, why can't our youth? We know that there are many of our young people who are intelligent and intelligent.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to summon the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and The Syiem of Raid Marwet on the construction of the 3 floor building of the Assam Police Transit Camp at Khanapara and to summon the Acting Syiem of Nongspung Hima on the progress of the construction of the Assam Police Transit Camp at Khanapara. and he built the bridge at Balakhawa.
“What shall we eat, Mother?” asked the child and looked at the stem-colored watch.
That's why we oppose,” said the Waheh Shnong.
“Little cranberry, hey! There is no time, As the days go by;" (KHB 357) With prayer I greet you all in the New Year-Amen.
He said that the government has the intention to pay off the loan through the Athmanirbhar loan but because there are many rules that have to be followed, it has to pay the loan. delay in receiving this loan.
“I have tried to bring in three sources of funding to support this IDBLP for the people.
This is the first time that the General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has received such an opportunity to lead the national team, after being selected in the Athletics. Federation of India.
The statement said that this shows that the government has hated the MLA and has caused problems to the villagers.
“We need to say no to drugs because it has enslaved us and I urge teachers, parents including the KSU to work hard to eradicate this drug,” he said. Bah Syiem also urged the KSU to continue to conduct such training programs to raise awareness among the public regarding this type of alcoholic beverage.
Therefore, he said that when the Election Department convenes a meeting, the SDO Civil will mention those polling stations which he wants to rebuild.
At present, the NPP has 32 MLAs, 26 of its own, two BJP MLAs, two HSPDP MLAs and two independent candidates.
Many of the residents have not thought about the implementation of this road which will be easy and will cause problems especially to the residents who have to go for treatment at the CHC Hospital.
It was the biggest golden opportunity for me and I was ready to give my best for the team.
Arwan Rymbai scored four goals for Sailung in the 16th minute, Bachan Pale in the 50th and 69th minutes and Casper Lhuid in the 90+4th minute for Nangbah. Albert Lyngdoh scored in the 77th minute.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association together with the Olympic Sports Community will celebrate the 4th Edition of the Shillong 10K Run 2023 on 24th June
Nongpoh: One of the employees of the MePDCL office in Umiam, when they were about to pay their electricity bill and also to ask for clarification on the sudden increase in electricity bill, has spoken against the residents. The RBYF Umsning Circle has sent a letter to the officer's office.
You need 270 electoral votes to win the presidential election.
However, there are some conditions that can predispose people to this disease.
As mentioned earlier, the conflict within the Ynru Chnong Elaka, has caused problems in the Khadar administration and has also been the reason for the deterioration of the relationship between the villages. They were also the reasons why not only the religious practices were violated but they also doubted the purity and sanctity of the Doloi to be the ruler at the same time the performer of the religion.
Shillong: The Category 7 match of Group A between PFR Team B and St Thomas Pynthorbah of Nissan Junior was held on Saturday at Shillong Public School Ground. Both the teams fought hard to score three points, but at the end of the match PFR Team B managed to beat St'Thomas Pynthorbah 3-1
Officials from the State Police Department said that they have directed the ANVC-B to comply with these rules at a meeting held today between the three government agencies (State & Central Government). At the meeting, Rimpu expressed the government's efforts to get rid of the ANVC-B which took part in the peace talks last year.
After the 12th CGD bidding round, almost all the areas in the country (except the villages) will be covered by the City Gas Distribution network.
Besides, 61 other cases are still under investigation.
She said that in the past results, not only the students from urban schools like St Anthony, St Mary, Loreto have appeared but many of the students who came forward were from other schools from the rural areas.
Shillong: The BJP has decided to contest Rikman G Momin as its candidate for the Lok Sabha elections 2019 from Tura constituency.
But Jesus reminds the Gentiles about the destruction of Jerusalem that when you see Jerusalem surrounded by armies, then know that its destruction is near.
It is important to visit this village as it is the capital of the Nonglang Sirdarship and you can still find many snaps of the ancients and to get stories about the ancestors.
““Maybe I don't want to go and do that because I'm not sponsored by the NPP.
While he was drinking, his brother went to class.
Pynursla, Nailur 12: U Bah Kalletor Khongbuh, Rangbah Dong, Neng Gate, Pynursla, today strongly condemned the statement issued by the Senior Citizen Forum, which expressed its opposition to the The Officer Incharge of Pynursla Police Station, Ram Prasad Bhushal, has been appointed as the Officer Incharge of Pynursla Police Station. KSU Pynursla Unit; After the bombing of 5 youths from Pynursla and the allegation of stealing goats, among other crimes committed by him which defame the society.
Regarding the random test, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, said that the order to conduct the random test came from the order of the state government and the random test will continue. continue to other places within the District.
The day was enriched by songs and dances by the children of the Centre.
The sample was taken by the staff of Bethany Hospital and tested negative for corona virus, which was tested at the laboratory at NEIGHRIMS. show that you have no illness.
Shillong: A woman has lodged a complaint against a woman on Tuesday at 8.45 pm, while she was on her way to the University of Science and Technology Meghalaya (USTM) in her vehicle. RB), Balram Choudhury, has called her young and threatened to post pictures of her on Whatsapp / Facebook and threatened to kill her and her parents if she doesn't want to be young and he.
As usual, while the dealer has not been approved by the office, the Supply Department has issued permits to the Sordars/Rangbahshnongs of the Centers so that the beneficiaries will not lose. the wheat that was eaten by them.
"We cannot say exactly what is behind this," Berntsen told Reuters Health.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Dlipstar Rani, Principal of Tyrsad Higer Secondary School. KSU, FKJGP Tyrsad and village officials.
Besides, the storm has also affected the distribution of electricity and many villages have been left in darkness due to the cut off of signs.
Since leaving Seinduli I didn't understand the disease, but I just wanted to get to the place.
Sohra MDC Donevan Kharwanlang raised a question on the rules taken by the EC on the suspension of the VAB. Shillong, July 21: U MLA of Rambrai Constituency, Bah KP Pangniang, who is also Tymmenbasan, together with MLA of Nongstoin, Bah Diosstar Jyndiang, today arrived at the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). HSPDP MDC from Mawthadraishan, Blanding Warjri, who is also the Tymmenbasan of the Presbyterian Church, said they could not find him despite searching all over the place.
rifle and 4 HMG stands.
The Election Commission in a letter to the political parties said that through this portal, it has the responsibility to send reminders to the leaders of the political parties so that they should not miss the dates.
KSU leaders said that the child was seriously injured and belongs to a poor family.
In the first half, Denmark scored the first goal of the match through Mathias Jorgenson, while Denmark scored the first goal in the first half through Mathias Jorgenson. Mario Mandzukic scored for Croatia in the fourth minute.
In Latin, Christmas is called "Dies Natalis", Italian "Natale", French "Noël", Spanish "Navidad", Portuguese "Natal"
Expressing his satisfaction with the ability of the students to do well in these two streams this year, the Vice Principal of St. Anthony's College, Surjit Tigga said that it is also due to the hard work of the students. He said that on Tuesday the school will honor all the students who have passed well in the examination this year.
He said that he has received many suggestions on how to prepare for International Film Festivals, how to find sponsors for making films and there are also people from other countries to sponsor for the production of films.
Giving words of encouragement and encouragement to the residents of the State after the damage caused by Cyclone Remal, Bah Kyrmen said, “Everyone should be vigilant because our state has been badly affected. from the events of natural disasters.
We need such researchers, because our Khasi people lacks such researchers.
The order came after the state health department removed the name of Ayush Kumar from the government list for MBBS. 2023-24.
Many young people have lost their jobs and we are all afraid and worried about the future. Fear is not a good sign.
Similarly, after receiving feedback from the villages, private individuals have expressed that the number of voters in the constituency varies from one to another.
Shillong, November 14: “The Congress MDCs should be ready to leave the party led by Bah PN Syiem,” said one of the party leaders, who did not want to be named. name today.
Their mobile phones were also turned off.
After the death of Riang Shylla, the Daloi of Shangpung, the elders of Khadar Nor elected Kiri Dhar to take over the post of Daloi. the “Three-thousand-year-old”.
Shillong, Lber 16: Not only in public places in Shillong, but the government has now planned to install CCTV cameras at all tax collection points in the state to curb illegal immigration. the taxes of the wicked.
If we look closely, it will be an opportunity and a great basis for us to have the opportunity to resolve the border of our state.
The BSF released his vehicle and permit until 5:50 pm.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, Sharma said the Prime Minister's statement on the removal of Rahul Gandhi from the Lok Sabha shows that Sangma is with the BJP. .Recently, Conrad Sangma, President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has defended the BJP by saying that Rahul Gandhi's power against the Chief Minister of the country. Narendra Modi is sad.
Furthermore, it has been seen that if there are vacancies in these colleges in Meghalaya, these vacancies are filled from Manipur, and this is not only in teaching but also in doctors and nurses. that students and even farm managers should be looked after as well.
Sometimes it seems that those who work in government jobs are only Mem and Sahep from abroad and not the citizens of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
On receiving information about the incident, Meghalaya Police from Khanapara Police Station and Pillingkata Police Outpost, as well as Assam Police rushed to the scene.
There will be a great earthquake, Matthew 24:7
After two missed tries, Romarius scored the second goal for Mawlai in the 36th minute after taking the ball from the right side of the field. In the first half, Mawlai took the lead 2-1 and the match lasted until 20 minutes after the start of the second half when Nangkiew made a mistake. Kevin allowed to score the third goal of the team. Three minutes later, Baiaikara Swer passed the ball to Donlad who ran quickly to score the fourth goal. Mawlai's goal came in the 68th minute.
It is time for the people to change the way they elect the leaders of the state in the right way, otherwise, it will get worse and worse as time goes on if the same people are allowed to he was only able to earn money for himself.
So a wise God does not want to answer the prayers of religious people.
“They have tried to mislead the people by saying that Bah Gabriel is just a man who came to build a house just to contest the election from Nongstoin. I have the right to work for Nongstoiñ and I will continue to work for it if the people allow him in this election which will also be his third time in the election. election campaign,” said Bah Wahlang.
He said that the government has not taken action from the beginning and this is evident in the fact that the government has only done the Thermal Screening for those who have returned and sent them home. There is a fear that the RT-PCR test will spread the disease to the public.
He launched his 'Jan Vishwas Yatra' to meet many people of the state on 20th June.
“We have demanded that the SP and DC of East Jaintia Hills should be dismissed and a thorough investigation should be conducted into the misuse of power by the police and at the same time the police involved should be temporarily suspended. to shoot and injure the people especially the women,” said Dr. Syngkon.
From what we can understand, many churches go out to protests out of fear or just because they are afraid.
The two coal miners include Johnstarly Lyngkhoi, 26, who is also a member of Vincent's house and John Paul Kharsyiemiong, 25, who is the driver of Vincent's vehicle. Vincent, was arrested last Sunday.
Where will the government's promise of 5 trillion in terms of the economy go because in these few months alone we have seen that the GDP has fallen by about 5%? more compared to six years ago.
MEPA today held a special meeting to express its condolences on the passing away of Bah Lambok Thabah.
Rohit Shah top scored for Meghalaya with 27 runs.
Do some people enjoy living with chronic illness, I believe we all enjoy living in good health.
The meeting was conducted by Ma Biron Lyngdoh.
Raj has earned crores of rupees since he started producing these films in 2019 and now has 20 lakh subscribers who watch his films.
The future of the country will be filled with trouble and destruction.
Pynursla, Jymmang 13: The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday said that if the people elect the candidates for the party and if it is in power, not only The Khasi who live in the state but also those who are abroad should be happy because as the government they will visit to encourage and show that the nation remembers them.
Jowai, March 18: Shangpung Lumiawmuchai SC beat Khimusniang SC 3-2 on the opening day of the Super Division Football Tournament The tournament will be held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
These include EGH: 1, EKH: 46, RBD: 3, SWKH: 3, WGH: 3, WJH: 1 and WKH:
The party also congratulates BS Sohliya IAS Deputy Commissioner West Jaintia Hills District.
The Babylonians held only the customs and songs of Zion as a festival.
The Minister also informed that there are many cases of delay in treatment of TB especially among the poor families who have not gone to the doctors until they are seriously ill.
He said it has been learned that the company does not have the necessary equipment to install the new factory.
At the same time, Domes also criticized the peace process, which was shot by the MLA, in the Chief Minister's office, where the MLA, led by a large group. , while the victim, there are only a few people and he said that peace is necessary, but it does not mean that it will go in this way.
Beneficiaries like BPL and AAY will have to surrender their old ration cards to get a new one,” he said.
Shillong: Doctors at the Civil Hospital, Shillong on Tuesday removed a toothbrush from the stomach of a woman who had accidentally fallen asleep during her toothache.
Jennyfer Joan Kylla passed away today, July 18, 2024, after a long illness, according to her family members. They passed away leaving behind two children, three grandchildren and the whole family.
The ULFA leader was allegedly preparing to shoot dead Himanta Biswa Sarma.
Speaking on the occasion, Nilesh Sukhadeve, Senior Manager (Commercial) of NHDC Ltd.
On the 11th of the same month, the results of the Arts stream were released.
The Election Committee has directed all Units, Circles, Area Units, Divisions and District Units to submit the names of 10 voters from each unit by 25th June, working in Jaïaw.
Education in the state has declined.
If the order is issued, those who have not been injected will not be allowed to go to the market, shop, drive, work in offices or workplaces. It was a draconian act.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC Amlarem) today found that the Jio tower has been damaged and many of the equipment used in the Jio tower has been damaged. However, without any construction, which has led to the loss of network in Amlarem subdivision.
Chairman of the Shillong Round Table, Amit Singhania, said that they have spoken to Pravin Bakshi, Deputy Commissioner, West Garo Hills, where they have achieved their goal and expressed their gratitude to the National Board. Round Table India, who donated funds for a very important cause as well as the Marwari Women's Committee Shillong and the Akhil Bhartiya Women's Committee Shillong.
During his meeting with the Prime Minister, Dr. Mammohon Singh requested for the need for up to T.3060 crore to bring about economic development in Meghalaya.
The guards of the Dalmia Company said that they have received an order not to open the gate even if the Magistrate or Waheh Shnong comes.
Jetu Daimary took three wickets for SP Office.
Jesus felt sorry for the Jews because they did not know the time of his visit to them, so he wept.
He said that the influx of JJM water is a source of income for the village, which cannot supply according to the demand of the village.
New Delhi, Jymmang 22: There is a need for people who are skilled and have a relationship with the people to get the leadership, said Congress leaders today.
Indeed, the Mobile Phone has brought great benefits to the people in this age.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 06: A Gypsy (ML02-0236) belonging to Pasteur Beat House has caught fire on Sunday at 2:30 pm. in the courtyard of Pasteur Beat House.
In the opening match of this year's tournament, Okkapara High School beat Ri Bhoi Myngken Christian High School 1-0 through Weltin Sangma (Jr.
In his speech, the Chief Guest said that he is very happy to be invited to attend this event which is also the first time that he has been invited to participate. lem in these games.
In the second round, Lajong will play against North-East United who also lost in the first match against Jamshedpur FC. The two teams will have to fight each other to win this match, before the winner can advance to the next round.
On behalf of the Parliamentary Party of the United Democratic Party, support was given for the formation of the Government.
He also urged the residents to obey and respect the orders of the government.
The UDP candidate, Bah Embhah Syiemlieh, who is the current MLA of Mawlai, will be able to win again. and many former leaders who had deserted him have now returned.
“It will be through a public election where we will allow people to take part in expressing their desire to contest and then we will elect the candidates according to their chances of winning and others. others" he added.
Shillong: East Khasi Hills District has become the winner of the 17th Meghalaya State Level Wushu Championship 2019 organized by the Meghalaya Wushu District (MWA). West Khasi Hills District won the first place and West Khasi Hills District won the second place.
Refusing to back down, Bah Eldie said that the Sengbhalang will continue to intensify their protests if the government does not listen to their demands to implement the ILP. it is the best tool to curb the infiltration of foreigners into the state".
Ummulong SC won the toss and allowed HUCC to tie.
Finally, it is the duty of us the people to convey the Government's efforts to reap the clean harvest for the present and future of the nation.
He said that on the 12th of July, which is also the World Youth Day, the first checks will be distributed to those organizations and groups whose proposals will be approved by the committee. or groups will send.
“The Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 was introduced by the Congress government during the UPA period but has been strongly opposed by the present NDA government,” he said.
He said that the casino is within the boundary of the constituency and in order to explain to the public as the MLA of Jirang, he said that the casino is within the boundary of the constituency. They have already protested against the casino and have written to the government that they do not accept the casino. “It's a good idea to have a casino in the state,” he added.
“Why did you stop playing mobile phones?” asked the mother.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah on 14th November, has issued an order prohibiting any illegal collection of money from traders and shops in the district. all shop owners should install CCTV cameras inside their shops.
In East Khasi Hills, a mock drill was held in Shillong. The mock drill started with the sounding of a siren to warn the residents not to be prepared for the dangers that may come if there is a great earthquake.
He also urged that the price of mur should be equal to the seller and buyer, not to be overcharged by the buyers.
Nongstoiñ: The Hima Nongstoiñ Land Owners Association (HNLOCTPA) has continued to fight against the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya. The NGT coal mine issued on 17-04-2014 has been going on for more than four years.
Shillong: The Hills Farmer Unit (HFU) in its meeting held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall today decided to hold a meeting with the Hills Farmers Unit (HFU) from the 7th of this month. They will not be allowed to cut kilos of their produce in the market and they have decided to fight against the people who cut kilos of their produce.
The onset of various evils ranging from the increase in drug use, deadly diseases such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, kidney failure and others, the onset of destruction of the masculine and the kinds of food we eat today are no longer available with the help of nature.
In a statement, Bah BB Makdoh Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs Ri-Bhoi District said that this incident has caused fear among the parents and students of the state to send them to work or study. The parents of Walinda Binong suspect that there may be something behind the incident, and cannot believe that their daughter will fall and drink bih as she has done. The authorities of Mody University.
“Why does the government, even though Meghalaya will celebrate its 50th anniversary in a few years, have to continue to stand in front of the Assam government regarding the border issue,” he said. Well Adelbert.
They also congratulated the Hima Khad-ar Lyngdoh Confederation on Sports, Arts and Culture for taking the initiative to organize such festivals. see or witness those dances, songs and traditional music led by our ancestors.
To avoid dehydration is essential, so men should drink at least 10 liters of water a day to ensure that the body is free from dehydration.
The demand of the Union is to dissolve GVK alleging that the delay in the work has increased and the existence of the company is now only a shadow.
All advertisements related to political activities are applicable only after certification/permission of the competent authority to authorize such advertisements.
“We have requested the Union Minister of Education, Dharmendra Pradhan to direct the Ministry of Education and the National Testing Agency (NTA) to Conduct a special CUET examination for those students of Meghalaya who have failed to take the examination due to the lack of examination centers outside the State”.
How can it be that the Government will spend money if the budget is empty? In fact, the Government should have thought of increasing the salary to T.18,000 as proposed by FASToM. The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has called for a meeting with the leaders of FASToM.
“For my part, I will ensure that all departments take action to complete the roster system as soon as possible so that there will be a smooth running of the appointments in the state,” he said.
Ma Lammat OO Laloo, Hon. General Secretary WJDSA said that this time it is also the jubilee celebration of the 50th Anniversary and many kinds of sports and programs will be held by the WJDSA.
The production of coal does not mean that it is only from these companies in Jaintia Hills, but we have MCCL, which is the oldest company and it does not import coal. The company has decided to provide various dewbilat services or to purchase goods from Assam, West Bengal and elsewhere.
In the appeal, the UDP said that there are many goals but the top goals are roads, water supply, health. health, education, employment opportunities, to set up various offices, power projects and employment opportunities.
“I will fight to ensure that this building will be completed within two years for the benefit of the people of the state,” said Bah Dhar.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa'iem Freeman Syiem in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Maraikaphon, the President of the Sohra Sports Association and the office bearers of the MYC. The tournament was held at the Maraikaphon Stadium, which is one of the famous stadiums that holds many special sports tournaments for children in Sohra.
Meanwhile, Russian authorities have ordered all residents of the Ukrainian-Russian border areas to temporarily leave the country to move to other villages and regions. nearby because of the fighting and fighting in these border areas.
Madan Heh-Mawlai, July 29: The Under 14 football team of Assam Rifle P.School on Friday defeated Sacred Hearts Boys HSS, Mawlai to continue their journey to the top of the table. the final of the Subroto Mukherjee Cup
Prestone said.
“This invitation of the government to the consultancies has brought many benefits besides the high salary to be paid to them and those who work in these consultancies are from abroad,” he said.
The Inter School Badminton Tournament 2022 organized by the West Jaintia District District Badminton District has come to an end on Saturday at the Indoor Hall of the Chutwakhu Dorbar Shnong, Jowai.
At present, the power outage will be from midnight on the 27th to the night of the 29th October, after which MePDCL will see whether it is still necessary to cut off the power.
Then she gave the fire to Kong Lumspah. As soon as she heard that it would be discussed in the Dorbar, Kong Lumspah immediately said.
In the second session, Bihar's Bipin Saurabh scored 107 runs off 115 balls while he and his teammate Sachin Kumar Singh (52) scored 133 runs for the wicketkeepers. third wicket.
Educational Qualification:- Degree (B.E or B.Tech) in Agriculture/ Mechanical/ Automobile Engineering or AMIE /(Mechanical/ Automobile) from Government recognized Universities/ Institutions.
The trucks were seized from Sutnga, Umkyrpong and Moopala and police seized the trucks as well as the coal and registered a case against the owners and drivers.
“I am confident that we will win this election with a majority of votes of not less than 2.50 lakh or even 3 lakh votes,” he said.
In this regard, the SNSBH would like to clarify that the Prime Minister gave this promise on 4th October 2015 but it was found that even after that date the works done by him were not in accordance with the promise. his.
This reduces the risk of developing skin diseases caused by syep, and it also helps to reduce the swelling and redness in their skin from exposure to insects.
According to the directive, the committee has until November to hold meetings with the people in each constituency.
Saeed al-Dahshan was supposed to return to Cairo, where he lives, but was killed in the bombing.
“We who live by this industry cannot stand it anymore and the only way is to increase the price of beef,” said the Vice President of KJBWA. Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Governor of Meghalaya. V.Shanmu Ganathan on Tuesday, 11th July 2016, had the opportunity to talk to children with disabilities at a program held at Raj Bhavan.
Not only that, he will cleanse and heal them.
Felicita Majaw said she has received the order to revoke her membership of the Commission.
Khliehriat, June 19 : The Dorbar Shnong Bataw, in its Dorbar held on the 18th of this month, has elected new Village Officers to serve from 2023 to The Dorbar was conducted by Bah JR Pyrtuh who is one of the members of Rymbai Elaka.
I want to tell you about my vision of the doctors, nurses and ward boys who treat and affect us COVID patients every day, but they don't care because they have been vaccinated.
The UCC Act, which is more complex than the three-part khwai, requires all Indians to worship the same faith, speak the same languages ​​and accept them. the same customs and traditions shall be equally integrated in society, employment, income and to be free from excessive discrimination, through various other laws, within one Country.
She said the government has directed them to take action and do whatever is necessary in their investigation to find out, especially when they admit that it takes only 4 days and even within 4 days. also the life cycle of the fish is very short.
He said that recently, the union together with the village authorities have already imposed a ban on the area not to be used as a bar or a place to entertain, but as found by the union, there are still those who are fighting. against without considering the welfare and peace of the people.
The NPP has also clarified that as the trial is ongoing and the allegations are groundless and as he has served the people well, the NPP will contest again against him this time. this is the constituency.
The meeting was attended by leaders including Prestone Tynsong, Joykumar Singh Yumnam, Dr. DD Lapang, James Sangma, Dr. Larintluanga Jahau, Sashank Gataraj, Sonelal Kol, Inder Bahadur Pandey, SK Sarkar and others. even.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Sanbor Shullai said that the meeting discussed the implementation of development works in the constituency for the safety and security of the people. .
They are also rich in potassium, which helps in the proper functioning of the blood vessels, digestion and intestinal function.
He said that the state has district vigilant committees to monitor the price hike and for that reason the department has used mobile app and GPS to monitor. the prices of essential commodities especially in the larger market areas, such as Iewduh, Laitumkhrah and Rynjah.
“However, until now I have not heard of any measures taken by the bill department.
Bah Lambok expressed his gratitude and appreciation to MEPA for organizing this ceremony, which he said was very valuable.
It is the most important goal of every household to have adequate outdoor facilities to avoid health hazards.
Besides laying flowers as a sign of respect, the UDP flag was also laid on the coffin and the funeral service was conducted by the Presbyterian Church.
Whatever they are, don't look at them and teach them.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills.
In the BA Honors of the First Year, 4049 candidates applied and 3118 passed, thus the total pass rate was 77.01 percent.
“We don't want to talk to the servant sent by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah,” said JACATAM Chairman ED Nongsiang.
Speaking to fish vendors today, 12th July 2023, they said that some of them came to buy only a few, but the decline in the fish market has been very low, as it is all the time. However, this decrease is due to the fact that the people are still reluctant to buy fish because they are still afraid that there is a declaration that there is no formalin.
He was taught that he should persevere even if he faced hardships and persecution everywhere.
On this occasion, Bah Hek said that there has been no compensation to the farmers as they cannot afford insurance of T.4,000 per pig.
They include Youdishtra Bhama son of Balwant Bhama, owner of M/s Kalyani Fuel Limited, an illegal coke factory in Shallang.
He said that the cooperation with the farmers has not stopped even despite the outbreak of COVID-19, the award from the CM of Rs 10 crore has already been distributed to the farmers in many districts.
Meghalaya will start its first match on November 7 in New Delhi.
Thus, after the declaration of the result, the Congress has reached only 2 digits.
Shillong, Naitung 05:The Go Green Meghalaya Foundation (GGMF) today decided to appeal to the people of the state for their cooperation for the restoration of the green forest environment in the state. and to cover up and restore the destruction that mankind has done to the environment.
“I can't explain yet, time will tell,” he said.
After the implementation of the NRC in Assam which has denied the citizenship of many refugees, many of these refugees will try hard to get shelter and become citizens in Meghalaya, she said. Thomas Passah, President KHNAM, State Youth Wing.
According to sources, the Bolero Camper number MLO5 N 8763 (Private) was coming from Kynrang area and was heading to Mawkyrwat. Mawkyrwat Market to sell kwai and tympew, but as soon as they reached the market, the vehicle collided with the vehicle.
This Rangbah led us until we reached the place where there is no Mawhati (Moohati).
Speaking at the 152nd death anniversary of Woh Kiang Nangbah in Shillong, Bah Nongrum said that this decision of the Kashari High Court was taken by the High Court. This is unacceptable as a nation and the KHADC will stand firm to fight against it.
The Sordar of Raid Mawshun, Joy Khongmawloh, said that in Lapalang, Nongthymmai, there are thousands of trees that have been destroyed.
