Upon arrival at the residence of Bah Stenshon, they found a statue of his mother who is also the founder of a school in Laitmawsiang. u Babu Dralnor Nongrum.
During the Yatra, many people took advantage of various government schemes, showing their active participation.
The meeting was attended by Lukas Shadap, Head of Nongjrong, Ping Samiang, Head of Moorap, Loi Thaiang, Head of Mooriap, Joplin Sutong, Head of Laher, Jra Thaiang, Head of Umsalait and Wah Sting Shadap. Bandeiñ, Khyndeliar Village Head, Six Mooknor Village Head, Syrlong Village Head, Rostom Larom, Mynju Village Head, Monsingh Mookhim Village Head, Kris Samai Arbonang, Petrus Arbon Head Lamarang, Waheh Chnong Phlang, Secretaries and elders of these villages were also present.
In this age of new technologies and social media, crimes against women are on the rise, the colors of their bodies are spreading faster than the flames and the criminals who defame them. women feel it is easy to do because they rest in pseudonyms.
“The Cabinet has introduced a discussion on mid-career sponsored courses for senior officers from the All India Services (AIS), MCS, MPS, Forest and Finance Services so that they can improve their services in the state, which is also one of the important relationships between the Khadar and the people,” said Minister of State Bah Paul Lyngdoh. who was also the Spokesperson of the Government in an interview with the media after the meeting.
Government officials from the Forest Department, Police Department and BSF were present at the opening ceremony.
On the 2nd of July 1841, Reverend Thomas Jones arrived in Sohra.
There was also a promise of free supply of rice, wheat, cooking oil, sugar, flour.
Fellow countrymen, we turn to the dress and grooming of the Khasi men and women here in our own country.
Group B: Bengal, Telangana, Madhya Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Delhi, Nagaland.
On the other hand, the KSU is with the farmers and if they face any problem they can come to the KSU, he added.
Molest : The meaning of molest is to molest especially those who are sick with evil intentions, such as an old man to a young girl.
At present, the NGT has allowed the traders and owners of coal mines to transport the coal mined only until the 30th of this month. this is your bag thew.
However, now our nation has been able to produce many great thinkers who have worked together in this beautiful country of India even to compete with other nations in different countries of the world.
“It is for the first time in the history of the state, that Ministers from the Central Government have visited the rural areas of the state to try to understand the problems of the residents. – ly – bak under the rule of the MDA Government,” he said.
New Delhi, July 10: Under the Narendra Modi government, to clean up the Ganga River will result in a fine of T.10,000 or imprisonment for up to three years.
We will have an interim committee comprising the Minister of Agriculture, MLAs, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, farmers, traders to read the Bill because I understand that this Bill also has a price tag for them. marrep,” said the Minister, adding that farmers and traders should not hesitate to come to the secretariat if they have any problems.
Every candidate claims to work for the nation.
The total number of cases has reached 2 lakh.
Dhaka, Jymmang 16: Patrols in the Bay of Bengal, Bangladesh today recovered 22 bodies from the Bay of Bengal. 15 bodies of children, three bodies of women and four bodies of men, according to a report from Dhaka.
Shillong, Lber, 22: The State Government has recently sent a letter to the people with disabilities through the Children's Offices. Development Project Officer, ICDS Project to choose only one of the two schemes that the Government provides assistance as a benefit.
Lyngdoh was speaking at a training session for farmers on how to produce fertilizer organized by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration with the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development. (NA BARD) at Kudengrim village which is about 20 KM from Amalrem.
D Vijay Kumar is one of the founding directors of the company.
He said that if it increases further, it will produce lyer bih which will endanger the residents of the area.
The federation has announced that it will also hold a Pro Fight on Saturday evening.
Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court Sanjib Banerjee, Minister of Education Rakkam Sangma and Minister of Law Ampareen Lyngdoh were present on the occasion.
It is alleged that the incident happened on Saturday when the forest guard cut down and destroyed thousands of kwai trees in the area.
They don't understand what they intend in secret, but their selfishness and selfishness have become evident in the eyes of the people.
“Meghalaya needs a new beginning.
The Minister of Home Affairs has promised us that he will set up an inquiry by the Central Agency and the order will be issued at any time,” he said.
Father and mother should never speak evil of each other.
Speeches were also delivered by Wailadmiki Shylla MLA, Brightstar Chyrmang MDC, Pura Mon Kynjin Daloi of Jowai Constituency, Helping Phawa. Raij Tuber, Rijan Kyndait Village Secretary, Phawa, Telme Phawa, Dr. HH Mohrmen, Volunteer and others.
He said he was very pleased to join the teachers who are regarded as people of knowledge and intellectuals in the society.
He said that according to the allocation of the Government, 11 Medical and Health Officers and four specialists, two for children or paediatricians and two others for women or obstetricians and gynaeologists have been appointed.
The demand of the residents of Block-I and Block-II is that the Assam Government should return them peacefully as these two areas have been forcibly transferred to the Assam Government. United Mikir Hills in 1951 to improve the Khadar rule during the time when Meghalaya was under the rule of Assam.
Mann has directed the police not to enter any place of worship or Gurudwara unless Amritpal Singh is hiding in these places of worship.
One of those present was the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem who held a meeting with the owners and owners of coal mines at the National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar. , Winnerson Momin, Clement Marak, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Bah Comingone Ymbon and Zenith Sangma.
East Khasi Hills has 136 cases and Diengsiar Mawkliaw Cluster has 3 cases, Golflink Cluster 5, Health Worker 3, Jalynteng Cluster 3, Jyllishop Nongthymmai Cluster 5, Madan Nongneng Cluster 4, Mawkhar Cluster 4, Mawpra Cluster Pynursla Cluster 4, Mawshamok Cluster 3, Mylliem Madan Ingsyiem Cluster 3, Nongmynsong Cluster 3, Police 4, Rynjah Cluster 3, Thembasuk Cluster 3, Umpling Cluster 6, Upper Shillong Cluster
The mother of eight children said that she had been working at the house of Rosita, although she had been accused of being threatened from time to time, but it was at the moment that she was being bullied. Rosita has left her 11 year old child at Nongmensong market to visit her mother's house. accommodation.
Shillong: Unity Lapasam (71) of Shangpung, West Jaintia Hills, died on 01-05-2021 at 5.50 PM after being admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital. Phool Kumari (65) of Lapalang, Shillong, has died of refractory septic shock with sepsis. She has passed away. He was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital on
Rupang spoke to one of the UDP MDCs about the post of CEM, but the MDC said that the party leadership in KHADC should not be considered for the post of CEM but anyone else. He recalled that during the ARPA time, Bah Teinwell Dkhar was the leader of the UDP in KHADC but when it came time to think about it, Metbah Lyngdoh MDC Mairang was appointed to the post of CEM at that time.
In the 1st Division, Mawkhar SC beat Imson 2-0 with the goals scored by J.Mylliemngap in the 33rd and Whynniewta in the 51st minute.
Then Mr. Ardent's question was shispah.
When we turn back to the topic of social media, it is embarrassing to read the comments against, insulting and sinful if anyone, rarely you will find positive comments. bad for honor.
“A young woman who marries after six months of giving birth will have to go to jail under this Act if she doesn't register, has the MLA done such a law for the people,” he said. Bah Shylla.
At present, these shops, which number about 60 or 70, have been handed over to the Dkhar traders who have to pay a monthly fee to the Marketing Board.
One of the issues raised by them is that until now, synsar and tyrpad have not been recognized as agricultural products, so she requested the Governor to urge the government to recognize these products. as agricultural products because almost all over the state farmers cultivate these crops.
He said that the HYC is now giving you a blanket or a head cover, and maybe you can remember and forget for a while, but remember that tomorrow the 24th at midnight God will give us a blanket. Jesus Christ, the Savior of the world, whom we should always remember.
The threat to our state is that if the EIA 2020 becomes law, the Government of India will violate our rights especially our land.
“If the government doesn't have the intention to implement this PM Poshan scheme, it doesn't have the intention to have this scheme”, but it should be abolished so that the workers can escape from it. imprisonment with a fine of Rs 1,000 only.
The departure of two candidates from the HSPDP to support the ruling party has deprived the paradoh para-snam leaders of the opportunity to become prime ministers.
“We will know the shortcomings and performance of the project and we will also suggest how to improve it after receiving the information,” said Bah Mawthoh.
Jowai, Nailur 06: The Meghalaya Estimate Committee on Tuesday visited the Residential School at Sabahmuswang village in West Jaintia Hills District.
In Nartiang, Pala received 5666 votes while Basaiawmoit received 7696 votes.
Members of government or private institutions or even educational institutions may fly/use the Lama of the country on all days and special days of the country in respect for the flag of the country.
At the meeting, the Minister honored S.Lamare, one of the youths of the district who has escaped from drug trafficking and the Anti Narcotic Task Force for its efforts to curb the smuggling of drugs. you district.
If you look closely at KHADC, whenever the Congress-led ECs come, many trading licenses go into the hands of non-tribals which affects us the villagers.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, NHAI Project Director Anand Singh Chauhan said that NHAI has also taken steps to complete the new bridge as soon as possible. The company which is working on this bridge has expedited the work and it will not take long to complete it in a few months so that the people who come and go and even the motor vehicles can pass through. “This new bridge will be a source of joy for the people,” he said.
“On the part of the four organizations, we strongly urge these people not to come and set fire to them. The four organizations said that the government has set up a high level committee to resolve the issue, but it has been seen that the government has set up a high level committee to resolve the issue. communities, as they do not even consider the state government.
In a statement, BJP Mandal West Shillong President Sonny L Khyriem said that all the BJP members of the 18th West Shillong constituency have resigned from the party. All its departments from Mahila, BJYM, Media Cell, Polling Booth Unit.
The President of the JSM said that their opposition to the mining proposal is on the grounds that the mining site is close to the eco sensitive zone of the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Samla Eric Nongkynrih, Assistant General Secretary, KSU Central Executive Council, in his speech, encouraged the youth to take part in such games.
As part of the event, there were also dances and songs from the villagers.
Joshi moved out of Varanasi in 2014 to allow Narendra Modi to contest from the constituency.
The people of Jaintia Hills should think carefully about this.
The second round of talks between the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), the state government and the government of India was held today at the Guest House of MeECL. in Umiam.
The gift should be in the form of a certificate and money.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle today commemorated the meeting held with the stone smugglers to Bangladesh on 11th June 2019 at IB PWD, Dawki. They have decided to give them six months to expel these foreign trucks which have illegally entered War Jaintia.
The tournament was organized by the UDP State Youth Wing in collaboration with the UDP Youth Wing Ri Bhoi, with the aim of raising awareness among the public on the dangers of drugs. and affecting young people.
He said that the availability of this book will help the readers, students and especially the writers and also everyone.
In a petition submitted to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Batlang S. Sohliya, the JSM said that the boundary of the district ends at Zero Point, on the border of Namdong C&RD Block and Nartiang. Police Station is located in West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, November 20: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will hold its second tournament at Laitkyrhong, about 30 kilometers from Shillong.
Regarding the laying of the foundation stone for the construction of the Integrated Textiles Tourism Complex in Nongpoh, Conrad K. Sangma expressed his satisfaction, as it will be one of the ways to develop and encourage the interested people. to work in their own fields and at the same time to be one of the ways to promote tourism in Meghalaya.
He said that the village will not ban those people who come in real need such as getting medicine or other important work.
The Chief Minister wrote that the first Cabinet meeting will be held in Tura on July 10, 2019 and other districts will follow later.
However, in the raid or ri-raid areas in Ri-Bhoi District, no farmer can cultivate without paying 100 rupees or 100 rupees to the chief or minister of the raid.
Replying to a question by the Leader of the Opposition, Bah RV Lyngdoh in the Mangtynga Dorbar, Prestone said that the time limit for the completion of the project is two years from the date of commencement. I'm going to work.
The incident occurred at 1.35 pm and when police, who received a tip on the incident, rushed to the scene, but when they reached the forest, there was a shootout. There was a shootout between the soldiers, but there was no casualty as it was during the darkness of the night.
On this occasion, the Pastieh dance from Lamarang, the pliang dance from Lamarang and the laho dance from Kyarabon were performed.
He said that so far, five cows have died from the disease.
Narayan Gogoi, a worker in a slasha farm in Lakhijan, was abducted by NSCN militants on Tuesday but was released the same evening.
Shillong: There have been 68 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today.
“We have conducted an investigation under the leadership of the Magistrate and the post mortem has been conducted at was CHC in Khliehriat. The incident happened on Friday at Government area near Dienshlalu village in East Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
It is also the first stadium in Sohiong village of Sohiong constituency to have a proper ground which can also host many tournaments, such as inter school, inter dong and other programs such as public meetings, services and others that benefit the community.
Shillong: The election of the new Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council (KDC) will be held tomorrow at 11 am. , to conduct the election of the new CEM.
In the first leg of the tournament, Luti Tuber Ialong beat Tpep Pale 9-1 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
The central theme of the lyngkhuh year is “That they may see the great power, the religion of salvation”.
He said the government now knows that tens of thousands of trucks carry coal but it does not listen because there is an understanding between the smugglers and the government.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to
For the RRC in Mawroh, the Council has decided to allocate Rs 50 lakh and after that they will select more centers around the area.
He said that the case was intended to be kept secret and that the perpetrators were not punished or recovered the public money.
The union of commercial vehicle drivers in Mawkyrwat has requested the PWD department to take action to improve the road and also requested to repair the roads of Photjaud War, Rangmaw, Sakwang, Marshillong, Mawranglang and especially. The Jashiar-Larem-Mawthong road and the road from Mawthawpdah to Rangblang, which have been badly damaged, have made it difficult for small vehicles to walk and stand.
It is also the best soil, because it contains more dead organic matter than the sub soil.
Lazio Dkhar scored a hat-trick in the 13th, 26th and 50th minutes followed by Forlan Bareh (39).
The MDC of Bataw Lakadong, who won from the UDP and joined the NPP recently in the MDA government, said, “If I am the leader of the area, I will not allow to collect money at the Toll Plaza. “The road is bad, but the money is collected, this is probably the stingy count of the MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency to advocate for the residents of this village. Dr Sankey Shangpung said that as a person, Ma Shitlang Pale is a good person in his language and humble but according to his view as an MDC. He said that Ma Shitlang Pale is serving only the private sector and not the people of the constituency.
However, these beautiful birds are facing many threats like habitat loss and also climate change.
The meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by the daughter of Dr. Mohrnem, Samla Mattimi Passah.
It is to be recalled that the family members of Pynkhreh Surong have lodged a complaint at Nartiang Police Station on 21st October 2023 that Pynkhreh Surong has gone missing along with a Mahindra Pick Up.
Furthermore, when asked about his body, those who killed him said that they had thrown him into another cremation which could not be recovered once he was buried there.
In addition, the Common Service Lab (CSL) in Lumshnong also provides specialized training in the fields of digital and financial literacy.
I strongly condemn such posts, and I am shocked to see such posts at such a time but we don't know who wrote or spoke this word because the name has not been revealed. to the author, but I know that the name of the author is in the Register where the name should be entered.
“As an advocate, he also expressed his views on the importance of the law in our lives.
He said that if the DC office and the Treasury are relocated, all the banks will leave and set up their offices near these offices wherever they are.
“We demand that the government should relocate this division according to the notification issued on November 20, 2018 from Jowai to Shangpung and if it does not succeed we will continue to hold a mass protest to force the government.
In East Khasi Hills, they include one Air Force personnel, two CRP personnel, one BSF personnel and nine others.
““In Sohiong, the people have already seen that the UDP has already sold the people because the UDP does not have its own foundation.
The winners in the Under 9 category were Monodeep Dhar from Assam who came first, Abri Nayla Borah from Assam who came second and Advitiya AG from Meghalaya who came second. wan not three.
Our nation is now facing strong and powerful foreign forces and if we do not empower and strengthen the shoulders of our sons and daughters through education and inheritance, Our mother nation will find it difficult to fight against this attempt of these foreign forces to violate our rights here in our own country.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District has announced a public holiday on the 12th and 22nd November 2019 for the entire district, due to the Behdienkhlam festival in Jowai and Tuber.
They have to build 10 foundations of houses in raid lands or village lands or Kur lands and so on.
Candidates who come to campaign in Demthring Village are prohibited from leading the public inside the village during Public Meeting but only 5 (san) small vehicles are allowed. just follow.
There is also a fishing industry but it is not strong.
The MDA government in our state is strong and stable whether it is a coalition government or a marriage of convenience. (the family is not together).
Before the arrival of the Prime Minister, the market was cleaned up and the vendors who were sitting along the road and those who were sitting along the road were removed. which is usually all the time.
This program is a platform to raise awareness of such issues, by bringing in all the skilled and senior employees to look after the water management.
“It is a very appropriate strategy and I feel we should encourage other States to follow suit.
The two winners of the quiz competition were Sohkha Government Higher Secondary School, Sohkha with the participation of Gorge Donkupar Gassah and Nangkhraw Kitbor Khonglah.
A fire broke out in the maternity ward of the hospital yesterday after a transformer near the hospital suddenly exploded causing serious damage but fortunately no casualties were reported.
On the BJP, Bindo said it is a party that wants to make everyone Hindu besides its ban on eating beef.
At the same time, criticizing the TMC, he said that 'T' stands for 'Tola Bazzi', 'M' for 'Mass Bangladeshi Infiltration' and 'C' for 'Cut Money' Corruption'.
It is better for those who cooperate with the East Khasi Hills District Administration by not inciting or harassing such people.
The Minister said this during a meeting with the residents of Karzok in Ladakh, about 211 kilometers from Leh.
In the Veteran Tournament, the prize money will be T.30,000 for the winner and T.15,000 for the runner-up.
Bah Wonding Sohphoh and Kong Liar Mawlieh donated the foundation stone to the poor villagers.
Shillong Lajong FC remains in fourth position with 13 points from seven games, winning three and drawing four.
Susa was one of the capitals of the Empire and commentators say that it was the city where the kings of the Persian Empire used to stay during the rainy season.
Of all the three districts, the Jaintia border has been the most affected in Assam.
There are 15 Post Graduate Commerce candidates from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 99 candidates remain unemployed as of 31st November
On the other hand, Sinha's remarks show the hypocrisy of the BJP which is trying to take advantage of the recent elections as it had expected in Manipur in recent years. This hope has been fulfilled without being able to create the world anywhere.
The order states that the Chief Executive Officer, JMB shall ensure that the disposal of garbage should not be slow.
Speaking to u SP City, Stephan Rynjah, confirmed that this was a suicide of the child and there was no violence by other people.
Shillong: U Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday, said that the Meghalaya government should not pass a resolution against the Citizenship Amendment Act
WHAT DO YOU BENEFITS FROM WALKING?2
The warehouse caught fire at 4 pm this morning and the fire broke out while the workers were sleeping.
The Meghalaya government led by Conrad Sangma met Amit Shah on 24th November to demand a CBI inquiry into the Mukroh incident. of the CBI on the incident.
Hame Shaniah Suiam won the gold and silver medals at the WAKO India Seniors & Masters National Kickboxing Championship 2021 held from 26 to 29 July at Dayanand Bandodkar Stadium, Mapusa, Goa.
Not only that, the teachers of the school also complained that besides the low salary and the delay in payment, it makes it difficult for them to work in this job. said Sphuldaris Thongni and Mellity Nonglang, the teachers of the school.
“This shows their differences and lack of understanding,” said Bah Pynshngain.
This can go smoothly in the relationship and absorption of sugar from the blood.
What was more interesting on that day was that the students of the school danced and sang to the song of Prah.
Since the time of MLAs, Bah Mestonath Kharchandy, DP Iangjuh and PN Syiem, these MLAs have been only Servants of the Party and not Servants of the People as they have won elections from Mawsynram.
Mylliem MDC Teilina Thangkhiew also asked about the Advisory Committee and the Executive Committee of the KHADC.
Jowai, November 05: Bible Convention and Prayer for the Sick for two days at Divine Mercy Retreat Centre, Ladarymbai, Good Shepherd Parish East Jaintia Hills on the 3rd and 4th of this month (03+04/1 /2022) has been a benefit to those who attended this Bible Convention and the healing of the sick because those who are spiritually sick receive healing through the Sacrament of Repentance and the physically sick. Five persons have been cured of their illnesses which have plagued them for years after trying to take medicine from various pharmacies and those who are still sick in the past few months and days. depth.
Not only that, but the women, youths, said that these policemen, who are drunk, who speak with blood, enter the houses of people, arrest women, youths and that shot that bomb without salia faithful.
“The party is confident in the contest for the Shillong Parliamentary seat, led by MPCC President Vincent H Pala.
The funeral service will be held on 4/3/21 at 2 pm at the Presbyterian Church Jowai.
The War region will have the best schools and colleges in Meghalaya.
As part of the promotion of traditional songs and poets, a group from Wahkaji, Krem Lamet Traditional Art and Cultural Organization, was invited to perform one of the most popular songs. never seen before in society since ancient times.
The Minister praised the initiatives related to education through the Eklavya Model Residential Schools and said that he will look into the ways and means to open more of these schools to provide quality education to the children. tribals in difficult-to-reach areas.
Thus, in prayer and fasting, often appearances, through dreams, through voices, through angels, through nature, through tongues. tongues) through the Prophets and through the words of Knowledge and Wisdom through impression in mind or even in imagination.
Some argue that capitalism or free trade has increased the wealth of countries and citizens and has improved their lives.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the planting of Pongamia trees will not only make the people cooler from the coal mining, but will also improve the environment.
"The money should be spent by the central government to avoid the state government," he said.
The DC's remarks came on a question raised on how the district authorities will react to the fares after the increase in the number of passengers in commercial vehicles.
He said the measures will also look into the demands and allocation of funds for construction.
This action of the leaders and some people who do not consider themselves as the children of Sutnga District will cause regional differences, whether Jowai is not within the Bri u Hynniewtrep, whether Sutnga District is within The Bri u Hynniewtrep, the children of Sutnga Elaka live only within their Hima and if ''em'', think carefully mutual assistance is necessary for the survival of the country.
Conjunction- Conjunction: the conjunction of words in parts of speech. Interjection- Conjunction: the expression of surprise in parts of speech.
In another match, the Netherlands beat Ukraine 3-2
Criticizing the Congress' election results, Tarun Chugh said the Congress has recently taken the example of Sri Lanka which has experienced a debt crisis and as an attempt to find out, it wants to implemented in the state of Meghalaya.
Mingnam scored 28 runs from 35 balls, Twel Marak 26 runs from 17 balls while Manik Das and Eugene Kkharsyntiew took two wickets each.
These Naga MLAs include three from the National People's Front (NPF), along with the Minister of Transport of Manipur in the government of Biren Singh, Ram Muivah, Khashim Vashum, Awang Bow Newmai, Leishiyo Keishing and Losii Dikho.
The Mixed Martial Arts tournament was held in Guwahati, Assam on 31st July 2021 at the Ferdy School of Martial Arts. Revolution MMA. The club would also like to congratulate the Director of Tornado Security Agency Shillong for his support. Kisan Bareh was encouraged to take part in this competition.
Therefore, after this, the public will use mobile phones (which are carried in hand) by erecting towers in the areas or villages.
Mawlai Phudmuri Village and the VDP of the Village have set an example to other Villages and Townships in Shillong and to all the Villages in RI KHASI JAIÑTIA. The VDP of Mawlai Phudmuri Village at all times for its contribution to the village and the Khasi Jaintia Hills as a whole.
The HNYF, RBYF and KSU, which came to support the FKJGP, expressed the same concern among the leaders of these political parties. On behalf of the FKJGP, those who attended the meeting included Dundee Khongsit of the FKJGP, Marcus Marten of the HNYF, Bipul Thangkhiew of the RBYF, Ferdynald Kharkamni of the RBYF. KSU and other leading office bearers of these groups.
The land owners of Meghalaya have suffered since the introduction of the 6th Scheduled in the Constitution of India.
Ardent said that when such incidents happen among the people, it is the KHADC which has to find a way to solve the problems of the people. The council which has to go to resolve the issues, it is not the government department that will go,” said Ardent.
In fact, the Congress-led MUA-II government has decided with the KHADC on November 14, 2017 that the MUDA Act will not be implemented outside the Municipal areas. The District Council shall function but shall issue a notice to establish Town Committees in the villages.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 6: On the occasion of the 1000th anniversary of the H.Gordon Robert Hospital in Shillong, which was founded by Sir H.Gordon Robert, a foreign missionary in Sepngi has started celebrating its Platinum Jubilee in recent months and will end it in November this year.
However, the sad thing is that after the improvement of the road, the rainfall has occurred and the rainwater has swept away the soil. There are only stones and if you walk, it hits parts of the body of the car.
The Prime Minister also said on Twitter that he hopes that this meeting will lead to strengthening relations between India and the EU. and Bangladesh and groups from private companies attended the meeting which started yesterday and ended today.
Alba said: “These are difficult times, but I hope these are the most important for me that I support the club.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police (SP) Davies R Marak on Tuesday said that the closure of the road from Iewmawlong to Bimola where the Kharmetor live is to prevent any incident.
We're not like sdien in the sky.
On his signature campaign to hold a special session, Sylliang said that after talking to his MDC colleagues, they suggested that it is no longer useful to hold a special session. The district council is nearby and they will discuss these issues in the dorbar.
Police have arrested Jerry Maya Dkhar of Polo and Grace Khaute of Demthring, Shillong. Police have recovered two golden tins of tobacco containing drugs. strongly suspected of possibly being a drug addict.
Out of the 36.79 sq kilometers of land allocated, Assam has received 18.46 sq kilometers and Meghalaya has received 18.33 sq kilometers in the seven areas in the first phase of the survey, Borah said.
I have worked hard and after I have been paid, I have come up with a demand for my rights and I have said that I have no rights in India.
In a statement sent to Mawphor, the Commission said that it has taken note of the incident.
This is also an appeal to the citizens to refrain from deciding whether to vote for Bai sha or Bai Honor because this is exactly the right to vote for them once every five years.
Wilson Lyngdoh of Mowluber.
Jowai, July 16: U Dr RC Laloo, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today inaugurated the Eco-Friendly Crematorium at Mukhla.
“Many times we have to come out to demand our rights,” JACATAM said in Irani.
Replying to a question regarding the financial authority, Bah Lamare denied all the allegations but added that the financial assistance was given to the people and cannot be called that it should be bought. the votes of the people.
In West Garo Hills, 7 cases, 1 health worker, 1 ILI case, 2 high risk contacts, 3 high risk contacts in South Garo Hills District Ri Bhoi District Eight cases have been confirmed positive including seven High Risk Contacts and one case from outside the state.
The 108 participants including 36 women, 33 Greco Roman and 39 Freestyle will also include the Free-Style and Greco Roman champions who have already competed. now in SAI Sonapat.
At the same time, he called on the government employees to come forward and contribute in any area they wish for the needs of the community.
Meanwhile, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the intention to implement the Bill has not yet been agreed upon.
The Sengbhalang was angry and alleged that the WKHD police had lied to them and after meeting with one of those arrested in Nonglang, they decided to take responsibility for taking him away. The victim was taken to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for medical test.
When asked about the peace and stability in the state, Dr Lapang said that there has been a lot of attention on this issue under the MDA government. I don't want to say anything about the Congress party because it is not the party that will rise or fall in the state.
(8) To pass laws to protect the environment and to ban the mining of coal, oil and that stone that shyiap.
“My land has also been destroyed and these elephants have destroyed all my kwai trees in the village,” said Tariang Massar, one of the prominent leaders of Narpuh Elaka.
There will also be a consolation prize for the fourth to fifth place winners of 1,000 tyngka.
Welcome speech was delivered by the Waheh Shnong and welcome speeches by Ma Molning Lamare Adviser of VO Nongryngkoh.
According to the mother, they have to sleep without food because there is no food and since the death of their father, no one has come to help them.
Modern definitions and future provisions: In order to keep pace with changes in technology and service offerings, this bill introduces modern definitions for sections relating to broadcasting activities and it also introduces preparations for emerging broadcasting technologies.3.
Shillong, Jymmang :The Minister of Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Union Government, Dharmendra Pradhan on Tuesday attended a meeting at NEHU. Conrad Sangma, Minister of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui and others.
Swiatek had to take the step with the score 2-6, 7-6(3), 2-2
Eastern West Khasi Hills District was declared as the 12th District of Meghalaya by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the presence of other dignitaries. The meeting was held at Madan Tiehpdang, Pyndengumiong, Mairang on the 10th of November last year.
Therefore, the union has demanded from the PWD (Road) Khliehriat department to send puhshilum to remove the landslide. to the department to improve the construction of the well in the Ladwahwapung River.
Hundreds of students from Jaintia Hills District attended the Career Guidance Counseling organized by the KSU-War Jaintia Circle at Amlarem on 4th June.
Mawmang had the first chance to score the first goal of the match when their forward Jop got the ball alone and Kol but he couldn't control the ball and he ran away without scoring. to the opportunity.
Recently, the issue of illegal smuggling of coal and this money, some say, has been smuggled to Manipur, Assam and other places to win elections for some MLAs there.
When asked, the UDP MDC said that the Election Commission has given six months before the election of the candidate, but it has been that the candidates who have no intention of contesting have been elected. However, in the case of Mawphlang Constituency, it has been too soon, because the death of the MLA, is recent, but if it is postponed, the time will not be enough, because the General Election will be held. long in 2023 and if they don’t hurry it won’t matter anymore.
At the same time, the party has also received the resignation letter of THS Boney Working President of the party and has made it clear that it will not contest any MP candidate in the 2019 elections.
If electricity is available, we can buy, there is no problem with that but the price is what we have to look at.
The KSU said that it will not stand idly by and will implement its own ILP to curb the illegal infiltration of foreigners into the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Starfing Pdahkasiej, one of the journalists in Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that he will contest the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections from the Nationalist Congress. Party (NCP) in Mawsynram constituency.
Speaking on the occasion, Vencent H Pala launched the souvenir of the party and said that the youth of the state are talented and intelligent.
Please clarify.
Dr Nichwa completed his MD (Doctor of Medicine) studies at Safdarjung Hospital, New Delhi.
At the same time, all athletes must bring their Xerox Birth Certificates at the time of registration.
In other countries of the world and even in Assam, sohniamtra is not grown directly from sohniamtra seeds.
Under the leadership of the President of KSU Mawkhar Circle Fedrick Myrthong, the KSU Mawkhar Circle President Fedrick Myrthong and some members of the KSU Mawkhar Circle have been able to evacuate the foreigners.
As part of the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, KAS among others will raise this issue at Jantar Mantar on Saturday.
Other speakers on the occasion included L. Paswet, Ex Secretary, R. Syngkon, General Secretary, Jowai. and B.Shylla, President, Jowai who explained about the need for blood donation.
Many times a person doesn't think about his days and years.
Seven United SC and Mawten SC tried many chances in the second half but the skill of the goalkeepers and players between them a couple of teams until the end of the game didn’t get enough chances to get 3 points.
However, those people who eat the tit and die from this world are because they don't know each other well.
This family has faced many difficulties in many ways and the house where they live is also crowded.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : U Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayralborn Syiem on Monday urged the state government to implement the rules to curb the youtubers who spread false news with intent. this is behind it.
Bah Teinwel denied that the UDP will move here and there to overthrow the government just because of the lack of money.
The SP urged the people to come forward and lodge a complaint with the police if anyone has lodged a complaint with the police and the police will take the necessary action.
Annu & Rutuja also scored goals before the end of the first quarter and gave the team a 4-0 lead.
These militants operated in Saranda, located in the dense forest area of ​​the Kolhan area in northern Jharkhand where the security forces have intensified their search operation to combat them.
But many of them were cleansed.
Robertjune said that according to the Minister of Jynrin, there are 7 such uranium waste dumps and these 2 uranium dumps found by the HYC have been used by the HYC. They have been destroyed and have been more destroyed than those found before and one of them has been left without covering the uranium deposit.
This comes after he has completed a long and successful career with Germany, and has also spent a career at Real Madrid and Arsenal.
Show some patience and avoid saying bad things about them.
The Power Department has been handed over to Prestone Tynsong, one of the prominent supporters of the NPP and Conrad Sangma and James Sangma.
The first phase was a meeting between the Deputy Commissioners (DCs) of Ri-Bhoi District and West Karbi Anglong District.
The campaign has spread across the country over the past three days, with the participation of more than 14,000 women from different parts of the country (except the states that are still in the middle of elections) who have taken an active part in the campaign. with “The Diwali Guy".
For the sake of peace and order and to avoid any violence during the Puja celebrations, Bah Sanbor said that he has spoken to the DGP of Police to take action that not only the people of the constituency Puja was celebrated in a peaceful manner but in Shillong.
When she understood that there was no talk, she said to the Kongthei, “Then I want to know the end so that I can understand and do what is necessary; But you said don't worry, it's better for you to leave here and don't come and disturb our house...” Lanosha's mother turned around. The bedroom was for Daplin and her mother.
Satan has shut, but God will open.
However, the MLA of Shella Constituency and the MDC of Sohra Constituency have submitted a memorandum to the Chief Minister to look into the creation of the district in Sohra.
The fire was extinguished until 12 noon on Saturday.
Many people just talk about the traffic jam while the work is getting farther and farther away.
According to the information received by the union, there are about 19 such buildings in the state and only in Ri Bhoi District there are three such buildings. Umsning Block, Nongrim Synjai Umling Block and Jirang Block. The union will also visit these schools to find out whether they have been opened or not. I am very sorry for the building which has been completed, but they have stopped for half of it without being able to complete it and now it has turned into a forest.
The Secretary of the Association said that the reason for the withdrawal of the objection and to support the upcoming public hearing is on the grounds that the District Mineral Foundation Trust (DMFT) has decided to spend up to Rs 1 crore. tyngka for the cleaning of the river.
Narayanaswamy said this while talking to reporters on Saturday before leaving for Delhi after a three-day visit to the state.
The UDP, NPP and CSWO in a statement today, strongly condemned the attack by the army against the civilians.
“A group of Hindu Sanatan Sengs have decided to file a PIL in the Guwahati High Court on the ban on religious activities and erection of religious statues from school grounds,” said the President of Kutumba Surakshya Parishad. Satya Ranjan Borah while talking to reporters at Guwahati Press Club on Tuesday.
Another resident of the area said that the residents of the area believe that it is the dewbilat factories that pollute the Lukha River until it turns blue.
The statement said that Sohan D Shira and his gang are trying to lure youths by giving them mobile phones and money.
Rupang: What is your advice to news portals like Rupang, to attract readers in the city, in the countryside and around the world? SL: In relation to news portals like Rupang, I have to You can monetize this site with Adsense if you haven't already monetized it.
Nongstoiñ, June 27: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) Mawshynrut Circle (HITO) has held a meeting with the village headmen of the area due to the increase in crime especially the increase in drug traffickers and drug users in Mawshynrut area. Riangdo to discuss and discuss how to eradicate these dangerous alcoholic beverages.
“If we repeal the Gaming Act it will mean that all these existing activities will be illegal, so we need an Act and the opposition to the casino and not to other activities in the state is from “This is why we have introduced a law to regulate these,” he said.
Auto drivers and taxi drivers will receive T.3,000 each and 2.10 lakh people will receive the assistance from the Karnataka government. They will be sent to their accounts and these are those who have been recognized by the Construction Workers Welfare Board.
However, in the final match, one of the players shot Khnam for 8 runs for the sudden defeat of the team in Korea which won the match.
Every nation that lives in this world lives, grows and prospers because its language survives, spreads and passes down from one generation to another, thus a nation that knows and to respect our own language, those who use it properly, not only that it survives but it becomes a great country and looking at the behavior of the citizens of the state who speak the Khasi language it is as if I have heard this word.
His wife, Usha Naidu, has not tested positive for the virus and is currently in quarantine.
Satan follows the people, follows the church, follows the church in Thyatira.
When I say Stalin, many people look at me,” Stalin told the Times of India.
The flooding of the river has caused the residents to live in fear especially those who live near the river and in the lowlands, and the heavy rainfall has discouraged those who live near the hills and valleys. diengbah because in the softness of the soil it destroys the hills and destroys the trees, so it is very common for many households to build in such places and near the trees.
“Don't you want to lead the state government with your own party?” he asked.
Besides, she said that during the shooting of the film 'Johkhe.com' she was studying class-XII (science) but she came first because she did better in Khasi subject.
Replying to a question by Sohra MLA Titossterwell Chyne in the House, Roshan said the government has already issued an order to close down the CMJ University. The High Court has suspended the government's order and the case is still pending.
“Therefore, this State Government and the Wise Rulers have completely closed the gates of “Ka Kyrwohsohmyndur” which enter our “Kortimat” and “Napdiah”.
Twenty-four cases have been confirmed in Delhi, 11 in Andhra Pradesh and 10 in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. He attended the funeral at Nizamuddin in Delhi.
Persons who are Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians who entered India on or before 31 November 2014 without being recognized and illegal under The laws of the country shall no longer be considered illegal through this amendment to the Citizenship Act of India.
Thus, they were able to further deteriorate the work of Telengana.
“Why does Lano remember to tell you about Bah?
:The State Government has decided to convene the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to discuss the evacuation of the residents of Harijan Colony from Mawlong Market on the 15th and 16th of November.
The High Court also imposed a fine of T.2 crore on the state government and T.10,000 on each miner involved in the case.
“Besides this resting place, there is also the stone of the king who hid the ancient Syiem Khyrim, the cremation grounds and the synrang hati,” said Bah Croning.
until the 1000 years are fulfilled.
Besides, the storm has also affected the distribution of electricity and many villages have been left in darkness due to the cut off of signs.
Journalists shall not publish any resolution before the announcement of the Election Commission of India, unless it is published with the explanation that these resolutions are not from the relevant authorities and that they are not resolutions issued by the Election Commission of India. finally.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that out of these 1,348 cases, 155 cases are from Guwahati.
Shortly after, media reports said that there was a change of mind in which the prime minister should have appointed one of the 13 independent MLAs, but not in the post of Minister of Home Affairs but in the post of Minister of Home Affairs. another department, and the post of Minister of Defense shall be transferred to one of the Cabinet of Ministers who is not already in the Cabinet.
He was also arrested by the Jowai Police for helping the HNLC. He was an aider to enter Bangladesh and also to collect money.
At the inauguration ceremony in Meghalaya, the then Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary, inaugurated the first edition of the magazine from Shillong.
Out of the 24 wards, F North including Matunga and Sion and M East including Govandi have been the areas with only one household. for the sake of staying human.
Fijians believe that Vanua or land gives freedom and villagers have the right to be free and happy in it.
Happy May Day to all of you.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 31: Former Congress MDC in Nongstoiñ, Bah Nondi Diengngan, has returned to the party after more than 26 years of absence from the party.
Another is A.Marak, MLA from Garo Hills.
According to Bah Dabit Nianglang, he was born into a poor family.
In this regard, all the residents of War Jaintia from the women, elders, dignitaries, Waheh Shnongs and youth are invited to attend this meeting. The Sub-Divisional Hospital should be set up in Amlarem as the headquarters, the statement said.
The JSU strongly condemns the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma for not increasing the number of festivals and to mislead the people. the great cause of the country and the nation.
Meanwhile, Bah S Mawlong Director of MIE said that the government will provide assistance to improve the supply of agricultural products including fish.
After his arrest, leaders of WKSU Sienduli Circle, KSU Sienduli Unit, VDPs and Women's Wing together with the Dorbar Shnong Seinduli I, demanded that the law enforcement agencies should not release him on bail. he is the thief.
Dimah is a 7-year-old child, son of Morinson Dhar. Lapynshai and Amstrong, brothers of Katdilia, are also undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS.
He retired as an IRS officer of the Customs Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
Pynursla: Speaking at a meeting of the Congress party held at Pynursla today, Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Shangpliang said that the development works that have flowed into the Pynursla area in the past years have been successful. “The development works that have flowed into your area have been done by the Congress party, I am willing to accept this, I have seen it with my own eyes,” said Bah Himalaya. He is also one of the leading leaders of the Congress party in the state.
She said that in other parts of the country, there is no such thing as Meghalaya.
He said that 5111 projects have been allocated in Assam and 13337 projects in the North East have been allocated from the PMEGP. project under this scheme," he said.
He said that there will also be NOTA in the MDC elections and this will be the first time in the District Council elections where NOTA will be installed in the EVMs. 820 new EVMs have been purchased and 2745 EVMs have been allocated for this election.
On the same day, u Bah Shangpliang also launched an ambulance to be operated by the Mawsynram Constituency Welfare Organization Shillong (MCWOS), an organization of Mawsynram Constituency residents living in Shillong, to transport the dead or the injured. from Shillong to Mawsynram.
In this regard, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP)-Lai Lyngdoh Unit, said that the subway road has been cut off, which has caused many problems to the people of the area, especially in the area. I went back and forth because there was no road.
“We are very pleased that the association has been able to produce one of the cyclists from South West Khasi Hills District to participate in an international event which we have never thought of before,” said Ambrose. .
He said that it is surprising why these two villages have not received any assistance in the development but NEEPCO has provided many resources to Dima Hasoa village of Assam. schools, health centers and more.
Shillong, June 05: The independent candidate Kong Ivoryna Shylla, one of the women candidates to contest against the seven male candidates in the Lok Sabha elections, has said that the results of this election will be to stand for the country and the nation and not for wealth.
This insect starts eating the leaves first and then enters the head of the stem and eats the inside.
This will further ensure quality, affordable and orderly nursing education in the country, especially in underserved districts and States/Union Territories.
The Minister said that in 2018, the State has witnessed the curbing of illegal sale of liquor from time to time.
Speaking to reporters, UDP MLA from Mawlai, Bah Embhahlang B.Syiemlieh, said that the UDP is against the Government's request for land to set up a camp for the ANVC-B. “The ANVC-B is fighting for Greater Garoland and should focus only on Garo Hills, not on the Khasi border,” said Bah Syiemlieh.
The Government of Meghalaya has launched the Early Childhood Development Mission (MECDM), which is also the first implementation initiative in the country.
However, one thing that is missing is the shelter as there is only a pre-slaughter waiting area which is only 12 hours before slaughter.
The matches tomorrow on the 29th will be between Lum-khangdong Kyndongtuber FC vs Saiñdur Mihmyntdu at 11 pm, Iong-I Dahi FC vs Myrjai FC at 1 pm and Khliehmyntdu FC at 1 pm. The match will be played against Maitshaphrang Mootyrshiah at 3 pm.
Vehicles coming from Nongtalang, Sohkha Lami and Darrang, Shnongpdeng were stopped for about three hours and arrived at the market at 2 pm instead of arriving early in the morning to sell their goods. said Bah Tarzan Lymba, General Secretary of the party.
The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) has acknowledged that there are about 50,000 poor women who survived but were affected by the earthquake, and most of the survivors are girls.
“For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved” John 3:17 – “He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already. " John 3.
They also understand the power of pesticides and have learned why DDT (dichlorodiphenyl-trichloroethane) is banned from use in agriculture because it can cause many health hazards. to affect the health of farmers as well as consumers.
Expressing his happiness to leave the hospital, he expressed his fear that he will continue to farm in the same area where he used to farm, due to the invasion and attack by the Assamese from time to time. period.
In an interview with Pakistani television, Abhinandan Varthaman said he was a Hindu.
He said a five-year mission has been launched for Lakadong shynrai from 2018 to 2023 followed by the sohphan mission and the tit mission.
The number of samples tested positive is 84038, negative is 81146 and 652 results are pending.
According to Section 271 of the Indian Penal Code, anyone who violates the quarantine will be imprisoned for six months and fined. do it according to their violations.
According to a statement sent by Bah M Marbaniang, Secretary General of MSGEF, the government has granted special leave to all the presidents and secretaries of the unions and also to the government employees to leave the country. at their offices at 2:00 pm to take part in the meeting.
“On the other hand, Karnataka coach Ravi Babu Raju praised the AIFF for the change of tournament as it is a vision of the AIFF. "It's a great help for all the teams and also the players to play well," he added.
In reply to the order, the Chief Commissioner of Assam said in the file, “The Deputy Commissioners of Kamrup and Khasi Hills have started the work of inspecting and explaining the boundary, but they have There are also other important places that they should take and look into, besides these villages in the Nongpoh area.
Through this clear statement, KSU Mawlai Circle warns all those contractors who have work within the boundary of Mawlai Village not to bring foreign contractors into their works so that Many of our relatives have to stay at home due to the lack of safety in terms of travel due to the increase in the number of people. They have suffered from this terrible disease in these days.
Hindi is also not the official language here.
The Meghalaya Tribal Teachers' Association (NEHU) strongly condemns the unfounded statement of the Pro-Vice Chancellor against the teachers of NEHU which appeared in the Nongsain Hima newspaper on 18th July it was said that teachers were agitators.
Before his speech, Dr. Donkupar asked why the people of Rambrai constituency have to spend more time to elect an MDC. He will not blame Pangniang MDC but he will blame the Congress government because it is because of the division of the Congress party and especially the division between the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and P.N. Syiem CEM of KHADC has made it so that the people will have to come out again to vote for the MDC. “If the UDP wins, Bah PN Syiem will continue. to continue as CEM of KHADC, because we want to strengthen any leader who stands for the country and the nation and the important thing now is to strengthen the CEM so that he can complete the agenda for the nation,” said Dr. Donkupar Roy.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01 : Police in East Jaintia Hills District have arrested a drug dealer and seized 2 kilos of amphetamine from Lad Rymbai Datsympein on Tuesday morning.
A Night Super bus (AR20-9099) carrying 37 passengers along with vegetables overturned at Shangbangla village on National Highway
They were angry over the decision to give tickets to NCP leader Saleng Sangma from Gambegre and former AITC leader Reynold M Sangma from Selsella.
Referring to the final match which was witnessed by the fans from both sides, it was witnessed that the match was very friendly between the two sides and beautiful.
The HITO and HYC West Khasi Hills have also implemented a boycott of MCL (Topcem) products.
Nidamon Chulet President of JHTOA said that the union would like to thank Ma Lber Laloo who has worked hard physically and spiritually to fight this case in the Supreme Court against the NGT ban on coal mining in the state until the court. The Supreme Court has decided to terminate the case.
Two years ago, due to the ban on coal mining, the state lost revenue of about Rs 600 crore which led to a 20 percent cut in the budget from various government departments.
Even the 7/8/9 classes have a voice.
He said he called the public meeting after receiving a directive from the Delhi authorities.
The winners of the U-17 Boys category were awarded the prizes by EMH Passah, President of West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association. 17 Girls were given to L Laloo.
The exhibition was attended by AH & Veterinary Department, DCIC-East Khasi Hills, Dairy Development Department, MSSDS, Office of the Chief Electoral Officer, Social Welfare Department, Meghalayan Age Limited, Horticulture, Fisheries, Soil & Water Conservation, Forest & Environment and District Basin Development Unit-East Khasi Hills.
Karnataka Symbud Myntri Rangbah DK Shivakumar has said that he will retire from politics if the allegations of extortion from contractors are true.
Since the beginning of the lockdown I have been writing articles regularly although not every day.
Of all these, four out of every five are farmers.
It is scheduled to be completed within 18 months, and the opening of the tender will be from 3rd July 2019 to 9th July
“We will have a public meeting soon and the people will say what they want on this, and I will be with the people whatever they say, because it is the people who won me,” said Bah Pyniaid.
The journey to these places is almost complete.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Two teams of BSF personnel, who were supposed to leave for Ranikor in South West Khasi Hills, are now on hand to assist the police, following a clash between the people and the police in Jaintia Hills. Hills.
The following is an article written by the famous author of Mawphor I Bah HT Wells regarding this cleanliness announcement by Modi which was issued on Saturday but so that everyone can read it. you are publishing it again today.
However, at that time there were some Congress leaders who supported Bah Pynshngaiñ and did not allow the Congress party to remove him on its own grounds.
However, he declined to comment on the matter.
Revelation 17:3
“It is not necessary for you to inform me or the Prime Minister because even in the district authorities it can be done according to the order sent to all the district authorities whether it is the DC or SP,” he added. Mr. Prestone.
The field in which they plant the wheat should be well plowed and all the weeds should be removed.
Ma Vincent has T.10,00,000 while his wife, Dimorine Tariang, has T.5 lakh.
At the same time, he spoke on the importance of education which everyone should take seriously.
He said that the establishment of the district council has led to the establishment of the whole state.
Thus many churches began to learn and after more than two months the work was completed.
In the final match of the girls' category, St. Dominic Higher Secondary School Mowkaiaw beat Winter Adventist Secondary School Mowkaiaw 4-0
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh congratulated the Mathan Sports Association for taking this initiative to hold such a tournament for the purpose of gathering the youth in the raid. to have unity and also to showcase their talents in the field of football by urging the players to use their talents properly so that they can become bright stars in their lives and they will also be famous sports stars.
It cannot continue forever.
Chiehruphi SYWSC beat Pamrapaithlu SC 3-1. Suting Syrti Arkol scored the goals in the 31st and 37th minutes and Sa-o Bareh in the 3rd minute. 62′.
Referring to the villages adjacent to Shillong, the Chief Minister said that the health department is working with the ASHA, AWW, ANM and village leaders to monitor the situation. People are not quarantined.
The NSCA is the National Sports Club of Assam which the Governments of Assam and Meghalaya have agreed to run since 1977 and
Nongpoh: Pahammawlein Sports Club, Pahammawlein Sports Club, have won the first title of the 5th Pantah Silver Cup Football Tournament at Nongkhrah Village Stadium, after beating Nongkhrah Pahamjri FC 5-0 4.
The tournament will continue on Friday when Mawphlang SC will face Mawreng SC at 3 pm at MFA Turf Polo, Kharang SC will face Nongkolew SC at 4 pm. at SSA Stadium.
Nongpoh: The T.84 crore road allocated for the border villages in Meghalaya, which starts from Baridua to Umsen, has been progressed under construction and is expected to be completed soon. The road will benefit many border villages in Ri Bhoi, from Bahridua to Killing, Nongspung, Pillingkata, Umtyrnga and Umsen. Jirang Constituency.
In the junior compound women's category, Kasal Rutuja Parmeshwar of Maharashtra won the gold medal, Saloni Kirar of Madhya Pradesh won the silver medal and Nikita Dagar of Madhya Pradesh won the silver medal. and he received the bronze medal.
“This behavior of the government hospital authorities to collect parking fees on the ground floor of the hospital is unacceptable as other private hospitals do not do so,” said Leslee. the House this Thursday.
He said that he is confident that the love of the people has returned to him.
Since 2018, I have seen that in many villages, the floods have become a terrible obstacle.
There are 363 Graduate Arts candidates, who registered from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 4404 candidates remained unemployed as of 31st November
He said that if the hospital is opened, it will be a blessing to the people of Ri Bhoi because at present they have to go to Ganesh Das Hospital in Lawmali which is overcrowded and can no longer provide treatment. to the people from all over the world to give birth.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) has called for a curfew in Garo Hills today to demand Garo Land.
The Election Commission (ECI) has recently written to the Ministry of Law and Justice to amend the Representation of People Act to require Aadhar number from those who wish to register to vote. , or those who already have too.
The crowd, which was very crowded at that time, forced the trucks to leave the area and proceeded to unload the goods to Guwahati, as the police were not crowded and there was no police. also heavy rainfall at the time of the incident.
Considering the storm in the MLA elections for the VPP, many candidates may knock on the door of the VPP to apply for tickets without knowing and understanding the principles of the party.
“In 2019, it was Conrad K Sangma as the Prime Minister who convened a meeting of all political parties from Meghalaya and other states in the North East. He will schedule a meeting with the Prime Minister and Union Defense Minister Amit Shah in Delhi.
He said that the Syiem and the Acting Rangbah Shnong have demanded to hand over the documents of the village to the Acting Rangbah Shnong, but according to the rules, The decision of the Mawpen Village Council to hand over the documents of the village will be only after the election of the full Rangbah Shnong and not the acting Rangbah Shnong who has been appointed by the Syiem.
He started coaching the U- 19 national team in
Therefore, all these groups have decided to give their full support to the protest of Narpuh Elaka which will start from the 4th of next month.
On the same day, the Resubelpara TMC leaders also elected Pildash Marak and Sengjrang Sangma as the President and Secretary of the Resubelpara Block Trinamool Congress Committee.
Raj Bhavan scored 123/7 in 20 overs.
I am now fighting against such people in
Replying to his allegation to the media he said he would not name names, but there were records he had posted.
Because of this, he has been told by many parties to stop seizing illegal coal trucks.
The date of start of construction and maintenance has not been revealed but only the names of the contractors are Turoilang Laloo and Jesse Suiam. Ranikor Civil Sub Division, West Khasi Hills District and funded by the Ministry of Rural Development of the Government of India.
FAM won 1-0 against Kseh Sylle Ialong.
The improvement of tourist attractions should not be done once and for all but should be maintained and improved according to the needs and demands of the time.
It may also be what nature does according to its laws.
“The farmers' programs we have introduced have benefited 4.5 lakh people.
Pynursla, Jymmang 06: U Bah Roning Nongkynrih, 34, resident of Jalynteng, Nongkynrih, has lost his life in a road accident on Thursday night. He died after the Border Security Force (BSF) shot dead his vehicle and the passenger.
Conrad said the government has talked to various colleges in the state to discuss how the government can assist these colleges to implement the NEP, whether it is in terms of investment, infrastructure and other requirements.
The robbers were driving an Auto Rickshaw number ML 10 C 2127, which was suspected to be drug addicts and They also informed the police who came to arrest these youths and an auto rickshaw.
However, this issue will be discussed first at the Synod Service to be held at the Dkhiah Presbyterian Church from 12 to 15 March,
Karnataka State Contractors Association President D Kempanna, who has decided to contest for the 40 per cent commission for the tenders of the pre-BJP government, has now set a deadline for the government. Congress has until 31st July to release the remaining payment of T.25,000 crore to the contractors.
It is expected that the Rangbah Samla Kur and the office bearers will take action to hold detailed discussions on these issues.
He supports anyone who doesn't understand the way he sends messages.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of Mawmluh-Smit, Bah Border Nongrum, said that it is not the village that has sent them out, but it is the responsibility of the shopkeeper and the householder. The village council has advised the owners of the shops to close their shops first, to avoid any injury, as the deceased is not from Smit and it is impossible to know. What happens after there is any incident of hostility which the village finds difficult to overcome.
The union said that the government should not forget about the railway line but should turn its attention to the problems faced by the people as well as the youth looking for jobs. contractors, to the nominal Civil Hospital and in other areas of development works.
Now, I'll wait," he said.
This announcement came after the department received an investigation report from the North Eastern Regional Diagnostic Laboratory (NERDDL), Guwahati confirming the outbreak of African Swine Flu after testing pig blood.
Argentina and Brazil have six points each in the 2026 World Cup after winning last month.
So far, 925 cases have been confirmed in the state, 517 cases in East Khasi Hills, 101 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 3 cases in West Khasi Hills District, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills District. cases in West Jaintia Hills District, 8 cases in West Garo Hills District, 219 cases in West Garo Hills District, one case in East Garo Hills District, 2 cases in South Garo Hills District, 6 cases in North Garo Hills District and South West Garo District Hill District 4 people.
The JSU leader urged the people to protect such endangered animals and to improve the environment.
STEDS President KS Suchiang and Secretary Tackmon Gympad explained the objectives of the Society to develop the area and to make this area near the Lukha River and its surroundings one of the areas. tourism that will attract people from near and far.
“It was from the MLA scheme introduced by Bah Bring that the Government of India followed to introduce the MP scheme,” she said.
The types of Scholarship Schemes that students can apply for are: AICTE – Pragati Scholarship Scheme for female students studying in 1st year or 2nd year in Degree/Diploma course in any field. AICTE Institution approved where 2 students from the same household can apply.
Not only that, tourism has also shaped the way of thinking of the people of our state especially those living in the rural areas as it helps to rapidly spread knowledge and understanding in many countries. from the language, the way of life, to the changes in human behavior.
Bah Manuel Badwar in his speech explained what the Congress wants and what are the ways they have for the development of the state.
Madrasa Hemayatul Islam won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 101 runs for the loss of four wickets in 15 overs.
“The police cannot stop the people when they come to market in the border villages of Meghalaya and Assam,” said the DC. District, on Tuesday, to discuss the peace and order in the area, by restricting the entry and exit of the people in the village, so that there will be no ethnic discrimination. in this Village.
The purpose of this race is to raise awareness of the problems and equality of people with disabilities, to raise funds for the projects that the Synod has set up for children with disabilities. Mairang Vidyajyoti Inclusive Secondary School, Mairang and Rev. Amirkha School for Disabled, Mawlai.
PEAS, led by the Chancellor of William Carey University Dr Ken Gnanakan, has organized this program for the first time in the North East with the aim of stimulating and inspiring the minds of children to protect the environment.
“I sign many files for the benefit of the nation and our state, but I don't want to go up to the secretariat to announce publicly that I have done this, because it is not so. but in the public service we will work like the elders, who have already given us the responsibility,” he said.
I have always said in this forum that in a democratic country we the people should be vigilant and ask questions before the government about the expenditure on all development works from road construction to water supply and how to run schools especially in rural areas.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 28: The residents of a village in South West Khasi Hills District have expressed their deep sorrow and condolences to the family members of a young woman who was still in the middle of the age of 17 or 18 years old, who were raped by two robbers recently, have held a public rally to condemn the robbers involved in this crime.
Shillong: On July 1, 2020, the State Government has issued a rule to allow marriages in churches, temples, mosques and other places.
Money tempts and teaches a thousand kinds.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang as the chief guest and Paidolyne L Nonglait DSEO Ri-Bhoi as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Bobby. L Nongbet District Sports Officer and other officers from the sports department, principals, teachers and students who came to take part from the beginning along with the spectators who came to witness the event. .
Fortunately, this conflict lasted only a short time and a reconciliation was reached.
The club has already signed two young players from France; Eduardo Camavinga and Aurelien Tchouameni in the past two seasons through the transfer market and the midfielder has been sold to London-based Manchester United.
The San Shnong Welfare Association (SSWA) has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District against the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) and urged him to order the JMB to immediately collect the garbage. roads, streets and streams.
This village is located to the west of Porsohsan village near Riangdo Athiabari road.
Many have had to buy water to meet their household needs.
On the other hand, Rupang.com wishes Rana Kharkongngor all the best.
He urged the people not to vote with their hearts, but with their knowledge.
Furthermore, reading from the booklet “A GOOD MISSIONARY” which writes about the life of Father Matta, we find that as a missionary, he faced many difficulties for the sake of the gospel, but in the midst of many difficulties he fight immediately as a brave soldier of Jesus Christ and overcome all.
“The Deputy Chairman did not speak much and the members of the ruling party also left the Dorbar.
“The continued illegal mining and transportation of coal in the area, which has led to the destruction of the Nongstoiñ-Maweit road especially during the rainy season, which has caused serious inconvenience to the people, while the government You shall speak from time to time in the Assembly.
“If they go ahead, the party will not hesitate to turn back what it did in 2010 to the Assam Forest Guard camp in Umthna,” he said.
The Chairman is Dawio Dkhar and the Secretary is Adrasli Palei.
According to MeECL, the money from the electricity bill is still pending and hundreds of crores of rupees have yet to be collected.
At least 54 people were killed and more than 100 injured in the blast while they were on their way to celebrate the birth anniversary of the Prophet Muhammad. .
But it became a hard ground because of the feet of men and animals.
The Government says 10 of the dead were civilians.
Shillong: The HANM has decided to hold a strike on the 20th of this month in front of the Additional Secretariat, Shillong to inform the government about the suspension of the border issue with Assam.
Friends Utd lost due to their inability to establish a run base against Lion whose bowlers played well today.
Speaking to media, the Assistant Secretary of HANM, Bah Wyraiwan Sohtun, said that the Director has informed that an inquiry will be launched within 10 days. urge the Director to conduct the investigation himself so that it will be transparent.
Skill Development Officer, Lambormi Suchen explained the benefits of the Skill Meghalaya Project of the Government.
In the previous OM, Garo from outside the state were allowed to fill the vacancies,” said the Chief Minister.
That behavior among the Christian churches appears to be as if they were dividing the body of Jesus Christ and as if they were crucifying the body of Jesus Christ, if not from their own church.
In the first half, MLFC scored three goals, two goals from O Lyngshiang and one goal from P Suting. to lead 3-0 in goal.
The meeting was also attended by Dr. Laster D. Sangma MO Shallang PHC, DMO Office, Solindro Shyrkon, Secretary Umdang Village, Risen Mawsor Headman Umdang, Bestifully Syiemlieh DEO IMCP3 NSSS. also attended the meeting.
KD Ramsiej Vice President, Dr Kampher Phawa and Rev AI Kharshiing are members of the KAS.
Soon, it was learned that even the ruling MLAs had the intention to support the NCM of the Opposition if they could not appear publicly on the day of the election.
However, the Hynniew Pansngiat and Hynniew Hima came as commanded by the Law for 9 days and 9 nights.
Both these youths went to eat with their friends at these two rivers.
“When the fish are alive, the nature is alive and we humans are alive,” said Bah Snaitang.
The Vice Chancellor will also attend the National Conference, former President of India, Ram Nath Kovind, Chairman of the Hon'ble Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council, Dr Vivek Debroy, Governor of Assam; The Secretary General of the AIU, Dr. Pankaj Mittal, said that this may be the best meeting of the Vice Chancellors. which was held in the North Eastern State of India.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 80789 out of which 77520 have recovered and 1392 have died.
In Assam, school attendance has started from Class 6 onwards, where students are allowed to attend only half of their number.
He said that according to his investigation and findings, the factory has violated three rules which affect the lives and livelihoods of the people.
As an actor, if I have to make love to a cow or a shynreh, it will happen, when the filmmaker wants me to do so and it is my duty.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 05: The Music Video 'Pukai Jong Phi' featuring Bah Rijied Khymdeit as the tyngshop and Ibabanroi Muktieh as the actor has been released. This song will be released on Rjied Khymdeit Youtube Channel on the 13th of this month at 5 pm before the celebration of Valentine's Day.
The Archbishop died on March 10, 2019, while traveling in a car in Colusa County, Oakland, CA. The injury was severe and took his life.
In the Upper Primary Level, the award was received by Bah Ohiwot Laloo, Assistant Teacher at Government Girls' Higher Secondary School, Jowai, while in the Lower Primary Level, the award was received by Kong Hilarious Manner, Head Teacher. of Umladkhur Government School, Khonglah.
Leviticus 23:6-8.
The new cases are from East Khasi Hills: 6 and from Ri Bhoi:
In a report submitted by Justice (Retd), Brojendra Prasad Katakey said, “The state government has been directed to enact laws and regulations regarding the scientific mining of coal as well as The transportation of coal mined by this new method is because there is no illegal mining in the state which does not go hand in hand with the mining of coal mined by the state government.
Through this cleanliness drive, the Mawlyngad Presbyterian Youth Assembly also encourages the residents to be concerned about the cleanliness of the village and their own homes, said the statement. The meeting was attended by Bah B. Wankhar, Secretary, Asst Secretary, Mawlyngad Presbyterian Church.
He said that if they want to hold any program in memory of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, the government also respects that but he requested that it should be smooth and not affect the. sit happy sit happy.
Speaking at the meeting, the speakers explained the principles of the party to win the upcoming MP elections. He added that as a party in the preparation for this election, they will have to come forward to strengthen and strengthen the party.
This will enable colleges to build up their number of courses to provide students with the skills and knowledge they need, said Prof Sungoh.
The film is produced by Suchiang Arts Entertainment.
“We have land that is on the slopes of the mountains.
The injured were transported by 108 Ambulances, Star Cement Ambulances, Topcem Cement Ambulances and BSF Ambulances which arrived yesterday.
“They (from Assam) have received the notice sent by the Commission (from Meghalaya).
With this victory, Jharkhand will face West Bengal, who beat Mizoram 6-1 in the second semi final.
The Cabinet approved the expenditure of T.1,584 crore for the current fiscal year and T.22,810 crore for the entire scheme period 2020-2
Other speakers at the meeting included Bimol Deb Roy Asstt.
Vladimir Putin has called an emergency meeting to discuss the issue and said Putin's troops are in dire straits through the fighting against Russia's former ally Wagner. , to fight in Ukraine and has about 50,000 troops.
The new film, Padmaavat, formerly known as Padmavati, will be released on 25th July
Furthermore, if any election campaign is conducted, the police should be informed and permission should be sought in due course.
The IMF estimates that India's per capita income in 2021 will increase by 8.2 percent or $2,030 and Bangladesh's per capita income in 5.4 percent or $1,9
Shillong, Jymmang 5: Hundreds of farmers from across East Khasi Hills District, on Friday, took to the streets to protest against the government's refusal to provide fertilizer to them for use in rice cultivation. and other crops, vegetables, and fruits.
Meanwhile, the defeated president, Donald Trump, left the White House on Tuesday and returned to Florida where he did not attend the swearing-in ceremony.
The cleanliness drive was conducted in the presence of the Regional Head, Sh.
The new cases include 88 cases from East Khasi Hills, 54 from West Garo Hills, 17 from Ri Bhoi, 3 from North Garo Hills, 12 from North Garo Hills, 6 from South West Khasi Hills, 13 from West Jaintia Hills. 3, Eastern West Khasi Hills 5, South Garo Hills 3, West Khasi Hills 4 and East Garo Hills
This may be a plot by the government to extinguish the fire of the people on the Reservation Policy.
She said that there are about 25 NIOS Study Centers in Meghalaya such as East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills, Ri Bhoi and East Garo Hills.
Clean drinking water is the most important thing for communities.
Ms Iamonlang said that even if they sometimes tell their families about the abuse and violence, no one listens to them and for this reason most of the children listen.
It may be recalled that the government used to celebrate the death anniversary of Tirot Singh on the 17th of November.
Banda (UP): A sadhu has visited a government rice market in Banda, Uttar Pradesh, to sell rice produced from a temple field.
“However, as I said, from the reports I have received, it is a case related to smuggling and because of the arrest by the army and the seizure of the goods, this stone throwing and bitor has happened,” he said. state.
“We will not allow foreigners to become members of the Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy.
The kingdom was large and prominent but there are no accurate records of its history.
There are also reports that some MLAs may leave the NPP and contest from other parties but this has not been confirmed yet.
However, through the hard work, the government in the last few years has been able to allocate more than 200 government lower primary schools, as it has been found that many of such schools do not have proper foundations. Seeing this, it has suggested to the Government that how else can it provide that valuable education to its children if this happens, which has been added to the Higher Education and also to the Higher Education. Secondary School.
The cleaning of this road will benefit the villages of Mawkohphet, Dewlieh, Pyndenmawlieh, Mawksiar and Phlangkynshi.
Instead of sending the census by the teachers, it should be sent by those who work in various government offices who spend their time playing Ludu, Chess, in these times they spend their time only. to check Facebook and Whatsapp and so on, they just wait until noon to drink or eat and after that they wait for the siren to ring to go home.
Three schools including North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Police Public School and Govt.
Efty scored 210 runs in 29.2 overs for the loss of nine wickets.
The handover of this garbage truck, which was received through the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF) 2023-24, is for the purpose of bringing about a clean environment in Ïewduh, especially after the garbage trucks have been destroyed. Hima Mylliem is old and destroyed.
A total of 350 new cases have been confirmed and 13 people have died of the disease, bringing the death toll to 1109 on Monday.
The BJP party, although under the banner of the MDA, has refused to accept its decision to nominate only Dr. Jemino as the joint candidate and went ahead to nominate Bah Sanbor as her candidate.
Nongpoh, Jymnang 30: To encourage the public not to be afraid to donate their own blood for the sake of saving lives, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh and Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh Constituency who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Health Advisory Board. parts that need blood.
Dorothy received the Gold Medal at the 12th Convocation of Assam Don Bosco University held on Saturday at Tapesia Campus near Guwahati.
Shillong, November 13: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also in charge of the Urban Affairs Department, today visited the new construction of Laitumkhrah Market. The work is progressing well and it is expected that the market will be completed by June next year.
The District Council has wondered why the Hima Mylliem cannot clean up the market and why it cannot clean up the market when it collects about T.5 lakh from the market dwellers per month. this is only for the purpose of cleanliness.
She said that the Prime Minister and the Cabinet have taken a decision to ensure that there will be no waste of unnecessary work when sending any work.
This action of the police is only for the sake of fame and praise and it instills a sense of sadness in the boys who have grown up.
In fact, they are the ones who are in the forefront because they have enough weapons,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Lamin.
Speaking to media, Kenny Nongrum, General Secretary of HITO, Ri-Bhoi District, said that the union has visited the National Highway from Jorabat to Mawryngkneng. The gates collect taxes from all the vehicles carrying goods and the union is surprised whether these gates are permitted or illegally set up by the robbers just to make money.
“In previous years, the National Games have witnessed the participation of leading athletes like Neeraj Chopra, Sania Mirza, Mirabai Chanu, Sajan Prakash and Manu Bhaker.
Besides, on this occasion, the sport club also honored the volunteers of Huroi, the participants in various sports as well as the students of the village.
Nongpoh: U Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, has decided to leave Mawhati and contest from Nongkrem Constituency in Constituency, they expressed their appreciation to him, because he is a good person and ready to help, for those who come to ask for help from him.
Upper New Nongstoiñ SC beat Sawlad SC 2-0 in the Super Division on Friday. goal in the match played at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng.
Shillong, July 14: A Sentinel newspaper vehicle has been stoned by robbers this morning.
The difference is that there is an electronic circuit that records (a) current and (b) time.
In Shillong, Dr Jemino Mawthoh of the MDA, Vincent H Pala of the Congress, Sanbor Shullai of the BJP and THS Bonney of the BJP are contesting for the Bom seat. Samuel Hashah and Phira Rani as independent candidates.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that Bah Ardent had accused him of turning Laitkor Pyllun into a traitor by introducing MUDA. to release Laitkor, he did not leave MUDA, but he expressed his regret that he has been accused of turning away.
On the other hand, the youth said that the police should not patrol only in the urban areas, because the border areas are also needed especially during these times when the CAA has been passed and the smuggling of goods. Bangladeshi khar to the border area is very high.
In the men's singles, Mewanlamkupar of Eastern West Khasi Hills beat Hunbait S Manner of West Jaintia Hills 18-21, 21-11 and 23-2
Milkmen.6.
“Now, 50 years later, I too see that the time has come to bring about a change in the way we do not turn east.
WORD is one of the women's organizations established for the welfare of women in Ri Bhoi district and is under the leadership of Jean J.Kylla as president.
Guwahati has been experiencing the highest temperature in the past few days, with the temperature reaching 37 degrees Celsius.
the name of India appears twice in the Bible.
He added that he hopes that within this date, the officers from both the districts will be able to look into and review so that the boundary settlement will be complete. .
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Health Minister of Assam, said that 102 new cases have been confirmed today, bringing the total number of cases to 5,0
“All the parties in Meghalaya are affiliated with the BJP and the TMC wants to have nothing to do with the BJP,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The CEM of Mawsynram Hima, Pa'iem AM Syiem Malngiang, has demanded that the CEM of KHADC should remove the Syiem of Mawsynram Hima. against the king.
The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has relocated the stadium from the Second Ground, Polo to the new ground at Lawmali opposite the Regional Blood Centre, Pasteur Hills Shillong.
However, all the candidates have now set a goal that all the candidates should reach every village, every village and every household and the people also expect that the candidates should reach every household. The election meetings where the candidates express their views especially on market days have been less frequent.
The District TB Officer, East Khasi Hills District, Dr.B.Shanpru gave information on the objectives of the National Tuberculosis Elimination Program and how to reduce the incidence of TB in the last few years.
Shillong: Amazon India today announced that it has created more than 11.6 lakh (1.16 million) jobs for employees who have to work with the company. in other related activities, the company has generated nearly $5 billion in exports and digitalized more than 40 million jobs. under MSME in India to date.
Dr Mukul also criticized the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma for not doing anything on this issue, even though it was a matter approved by the Legislative Assembly.
“The government is also ready to finalize the Sports Policy,” he said.
The General Secretary, Bah Coming Tlang, said that the entry fee is 5000 tyngka and there will be 20 players per team.
The Advisor to the Ministry of Education, Bah M Shangpliang today said that the current dispute with the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) over the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) It is up to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla to take steps to remove and end it.
The meeting emphasized the importance of vaccination of infants who have been able to receive the vaccines in order to strengthen the immune system to prevent various diseases under the IMI. The meeting witnessed the participation of media leaders, health workers, and community leaders, and all gave their support for the Intensified Mission Indradhanush you win.
Voice of the People Party (VPP) President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on Tuesday said that the statements of the arrested police officer GK Iangrai against the authorities of the department have been rejected. it may be only a few feet from the top of the mountain.
AITUC General Secretary Vijay Laxmi has criticized the NDA government for its anti-people policies and demanded amendments to the Contractors Act.
The survey will be conducted in 272 districts of India which have been identified as the areas with the highest number of drug users and alcohol consumption.
The most important of these is to empower the men as the heads of the family to have authority over the inheritance and the youngest daughter should be the only caretaker and the decision should be made by the council house.
Isaiah 14:12–5.
He said the last way to find them is to lodge a complaint with the police if they are not found.
The first list was announced by the State President of the Meghalaya TMC, Charles Pyngrope.
He said the project would enable the state to work with the central government to seek more funds for the provision of training in health related sectors.
The programs held on this day for the children of all schools were Drawing-Painting, Poetry writing, Slogan writing and Recitation related to World Literacy.
Earlier, the Ministry of Home Affairs had ordered the government to punish these editors, but the MHA said it was a mistake. message.
Archery, Athletics, Badminton, Basketball, Boxing, Billiards & Snooker, Judo, Karate, Shooting, Swimming, Table Tennis, Taekwando, Tennis, wushu.
In the second innings, Meghalaya scored 18 runs for the loss of four wickets and had to beat Vidarbha by 398 runs.
This is a website to vote and you should check the name Sweety.
Today, Mawlai is well prepared for the final match.
In connection with this incident, the Ri Bhoi Police immediately rushed to the scene to stop the riots.
Remember that God can test us in many ways, and He can appear to us in different forms.
Jowai, November 8: Several people have been injured and some seriously injured after a tanker truck carrying petrol overturned and caught fire.
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police (City), Bah Vivek Syiem, said that those who went to Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Shillong, went to kidnap a class KG student. kidnapped child.
“The UDP has held separate talks with the MDCs, MLAs of Jaintia Hills and another with the MLAs and MDCs of Khasi Hills to shape the MP and MDC elections.
In the order, Justice SR Sen directed the Meghalaya government not to seek the assistance of Rangbah Shnongs especially to issue certificates for any work as Rangbah Shnongs are not recognized by the law. .
On the other hand, the chairperson, Teilinia Thangkhiew, said that the Prime Minister has said that we should not be afraid of this.
These are the words he spoke to them “Gen 19:1
They reached the top of the mountain at 8.30 am on 18th January.
The Dolloi said that no acting Waheh Shnong was appointed after the expiry of the term of the former Waheh Shnong.
The opening ceremony was followed by the awarding ceremony to the students who have graduated from the school from 2011 to 2014. The MDC of the area, Bah Holando Lamin, was also present. EM Kurbah, Director Border Area Development Department, D. Khongiong, Former Principal of the school and SDEO of West Jaintia Hills. Others who were invited included office bearers and members of ASDC and officers from government departments from the village.
The arrested include BJP leader Rup Sai Salam, 55, Pawankumar Nag, 24, Atul Netam, 24, Ankit Nandi, Domendra Yadav is 21 years old.
The two deceased were identified as Sohi Botin Marak and Silnang Marak. They were both labourers.
The body of the policeman was taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem examination.
The office bearers of these units were also elected. The Lumdiengngan Unit was elected first and Liza Rynjah was elected as the President. Mawkisda Kharshiing, Assistant Secretary and Phinda Kharumnuid as Treasurer.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The meeting of the Langrin Block Congress Committee, which was held at Rangthong Village, South West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday, 6th June, 2013, was very lively. The Congress candidate Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, MDC, KHADC, has come to express his strong support to the Congress candidate Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, MDC, KHADC. Martin M Dango, MLA of Langrin Constituency from the Congress party, said that the MDC has a close relationship with the incumbent Congress.
However, the people should understand that there is no point in mastieh on the streets but they should think and ask for the day when they will use their power so that the future of their children and The future generation will not be a curse, because those who have failed to exercise their rights and powers enshrined in the Constitution of the country have suffered for five years and will learn. continue to another time.
Shillong: The Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama, Sohra, has celebrated the 126th anniversary of Swami Vivekananda's speeches at the 1893 Conference of Religious Affairs in Chicago by holding a speech competition on the same. lectures on November 10 and 11,
He said that the machines to be used in the MDC elections are different from the machines used by the Election Commission which are secure but the machines for the MDC elections to be used by the District Council Affairs Department may not be secure.
“If the leaders are still willing to do this, how much more to the people,” he added.
There are husbands and wives who hold on to their children, especially in their old age, oh, it's a pity for them.
Therefore, Bah Embhah requested the DC to allow him to use the parking lot for two wheelers so that it will be a safe place for many churches.
We send our blessings to all of you who attended this meeting and God be with you all.
On this day, 11 matches were played from two groups or pools.
According to a statement from the East Khasi Hills Police, on Tuesday night, the Cantonment Beat House Police together with the Special Party, arrested these robbers while they were on patrol at this bag.
The French strengthened their troops by bringing more troops and rifles from the southern parts of the country and from Sylhet.
Shillong, November: The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Mawtawar, Shillong will hold a cleanliness drive on the 20th November 2022 (Second Day) starting at 9 pm.
Instead of leaving the country to work in a call center abroad to Bangalore.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the unity of the country should be the foundation and added that there should be allocation of funds to the District Councils under the Finance Commission devolution. inclusion of District Councils under the Anti-Defection Act, inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution, education on the ethnic groups and cultures of the North Eastern peoples in the school and the construction of a Presidential Palace in the area.
Police have taken the injured, Md. Joynal Abedin and Md.Aynal Haque to Phulbari CHC. I went to the hospital.
The protest was aimed at expressing anger over the allegation that up to T.300 crore was stolen during the recent arrest of the Congress leader.
Prestone said the census was taken again after there was opposition from the people living in the area where the government did not get the right census and needed to do it again.
Deepika Padukone, who starred with SRK in Pathaan, has spoken about the happiness of the actor in these days and times after the film he starred in has attracted the attention of the audience. audience and is really excited about it.
There have been 2,419 cases and 1,518 deaths.
Among all the players of the various teams in the tournament, Delhi Capitals opener David Warner currently holds the top spot with 60 runs scored in the tournament. you are a sports field.
Four months is the best time for the people to establish and think who will wear jaiñspong because if they choose the Nongkhaii they will be auctioned all five years and the dark future is already waiting and if they choose the Khrawpyrkhat who is wise and intelligent, the future will be bright.
The total number of recoveries is 345 including 6 recoveries today. The number of samples tested is 39782, the number of negative samples is 38 412 and the results are there are 380 pending.
There they struggled to cleanse those pela.
The total number of cases has risen to 4,734 and the death toll has risen to 1,1
“According to the rules laid down by the government, it has been three years and he should have been transferred as Deputy Commissioner because his term has expired for three years,” said HANM. That Bah Kharlyndoh does not help the students and this has prompted the students who passed the DSC examination to protest.
The area has also received a guest house from the state tourism department which is under construction at a cost of T.34 lakh.
The child is strong and has been able to drink his mother's milk on the second day after treatment.
Replying to a question, the CM, however, said, “Actually we want to do a joint venture, but unfortunately we have not received the right answer.
“The government has promised to set up those check posts to check the entry and exit of people so that the authorities will not be able to enter the state,” he said.
However, during the peace talks between Tep Kyndait and the Syiem of Jaintia Hills, the Syiem killed Tep Kyndait.
Alvinson Shylla (50m backstroke)1.
We have been insulted not only from outside the border but also from our own people. Where are those Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah who dared to use their talents to free our country from trouble? .
He said that the meeting will also discuss the issues of the community and other needs of the union as well as the villages in both the districts.
The Minister said that there are cooperatives in only 97 villages out of 6449 villages in Meghalaya, but there should be cooperative societies 60 per cent of all the villages.
This figure shows that Meghalaya needs a lot of foreign fish, as the fish production is very low.
“This training is like a sword that the youth have or a way for them to easily get security jobs because after passing they have also received certificates,” said Muksor. .
The program was chaired by Kong BK Ranee MCS, Addl.Deputy Commissioner, in the presence of AEROs, leaders of various political parties and other dignitaries.
The Congress leader, in a statement today, said that she was illegally arrested and there was no information that she was arrested, even after 38 hours. caught.
On this occasion, the organization is very concerned that there is nothing wrong with it.
In Assam, the usual practice is to take the kshai pai, the tops of the pai, and clean them by placing them in shady places or in dry places near the pond; and when the seeds are ripe, they shall cut them down and plant them in the field in holes about 9 or 10 inches deep and at a distance of about ten feet and a half or two feet from one hole to another. pat the hole.
To date, only 20 percent of taxis are operating in London, according to the Licensed Taxi Drivers' Association.
The word of Jesus is the word of God because Jesus is the Son of God.
The Dorbar Shnongs and VDPs should have the power to arrest and report to the police those who enter and stay illegally.
He said that since he became MLA in 2018, he had requested the Health Department to submit a proposal for the PHC to get an ambulance but it was unfortunate that at that time the government did not. it lacks income and cannot meet the needs of the people.
The market for beef in Ïewduh since the discovery of at-sniehdoh disease in beef has slowly declined and the number of beef buyers has decreased compared to the past.
As part of the “Meri Kahani, Meri Zubani” initiative of the Yatra, more than 1.30 crore people shared their personal experiences, showcasing the experiences of the people and their aspirations from around the country.
The stones and steps of the road you led to the threshold of the day of victory will preserve the Maïa and will be remembered forever while the sun is still shining on Lum Shyllong.
By Bah Philip Marwein In Meghalaya we have three District Councils – Jaintia Hills, Khasi Hills and Garo Hills District Council. of the Constitution of India.
In November 2006, the new MR said that the government would renovate and expand the factory, but in 2007, it was reported in the media that all the problems arose due to the hasty actions of the former management of MCCL. Chairman Z Sangma and others who signed the contract to renovate the factory without receiving any money from the state government and this shows that there is no understanding and cooperation between the MDA government because of the promise of work. did not materialize at the end of 2007 (November) because the government did not pay the promised Rs 15 crore in subsidy out of the Rs 60 crore which was the cost of improvements promised in to 2005.
About 20 tonnes of garbage flows into the pond every day and the garbage is very heavy from plastic, jewelry, metal which cannot rot.
Wars are caused by many conflicts.
The polling for the elections to the 1st Legislative Assembly of the State was held on 27th June and the counting of votes was held on 2nd October.
Shillong: Police in East Jaintia Hills on Saturday morning arrested a gang of robbers from Rynsong village near Umlawang village in East Jaintia Hills.
In a letter sent by the Seng to the District Veterinary Officer, the Seng said that in Sahsniang area, many of the residents are dependent on farming and the time has come to improve the work. This is the place where you can be treated.
Edmund said that during the meeting, they suggested to the Minister to set up a Village Task Force Committee to work with the SDO, BDO, Police Department and the residents of the area to fight against the violence. This alcoholic beverage is destroying the youth of the area and the state as a whole.
Before the registration, Bah J.A Lyngdoh, after gathering the supporters and welcoming the newcomers, expressed his happiness and said that he hopes to reach the goal of the victory through the support of supporters of other parties who have shown their love and trust in him.
Therefore, they appealed to them not to allow their minds to create only theft or evil deeds but to always think for the good of the future of the country. “They are afraid to start evil deeds but if they don't have the spirit to change, evil will rule over them”, said the shopkeepers.
Bindas has been staging a sit-in at the Additional Secretariat for more than 24 hours to demand the government to build the road, Nongpoh, Umden and Sonapur.
When asked, Ao said the BJP is strong from Shillong and Tura parliamentary seats in Meghalaya.
There have been 4,593 new cases of covid-19 in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 68,9
Politics is the shlem that will shape and determine the future of the country and the nation.
The decision to demolish the school was taken after a meeting of the School Managing Committee (SMC) where it was said that the school is very old and unsafe. part of the school children and that the children no longer want to study at the school which has become a cemetery for the dead, officials said.
Bah Shakliar Warjri is not only the youngest Minister of the Government, but also the first Minister of the MDA-2.0 Government to participate as a Chief Guest in Government programmes.
Behold, the world is gone after him.
On the other hand, Bah Paul said that it is clear that the KHADC will proceed with this registration process with all those who wish to receive benefits and protection from the Council and to get land. , when the land has been opened by the State Government and urged them not to be misled and to come forward to register for their own benefit.
At that time, the people were suffering because no one was watching or listening to them.
These women were honored by the Chief Guest, Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister of State.
MPUF President and others.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 11: The SRT (F&ES) Shillong has recovered the body of a soldier from the SRT (F&ES) Shillong. Shiningstar Kharpati from Umpling village, East Khasi Hills has drowned while fishing with his friends at Nongmahir Lake in Ri-Bhoi District.
There are many vegetables that require little space and time, these can be planted between intercrops.
The model is also a fitness trainer, writer, fashion designer and fashion designer.
She also received a Community Hall from the Forest Office, PM Kissan from the Agriculture Office, 4 persons from the Fishery Office received a scheme to build fish ponds, Water Resources received assistance to build a drainage system. PWD has helped to build a PMGSY road, Civil Supply & Consumer Affairs has distributed ration to 17 households, Social Welfare has distributed ration to 4 households. PHE has only 2 STC shyngiar, Agriculture has provided only a small amount of environmental assistance, Tourism has not done anything in the village even though it is It is the most beautiful village in the area and is the gateway to Nongkhnum, the Nongkhnum Valley, Wah Kynshi and its beaches.
Thus it is time to recall the teachings of our ancestors to earn the righteousness of the law.
Dr. Mukul Sangma said that in the past years, many of the residents of West Khasi Hills, have faced many difficulties and during his tenure as Prime Minister, he has taken steps to provide them. It was during his tenure that the government allocated funds for the construction of the National Highway from Shillong to Tura, the road from Nongstoin Rambrai to Kyrshai, Nongstoin-Wahkaji, Riangdo Athiabari and many others. completed and unfinished roads.
There are 135 male, 175 female members and 105 female members.
In the middle of the match, Amrabat received a yellow card in the middle of the match.
The target is to train up to 1 lakh youths in Green Skill from the State in the next five years and will also select 10 winners to deliver speeches on the work they do in the State. The 1M1B summit will be held at the United Nations in New York.
Blake Shelton has decided to resign as judge of 'The Voice' because he wants to take over his career as a singer and plans to produce and release a new song.
And 666 comes from within the hearts of men.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by the Vice President of the KSU Central Body, Samla Biangbor Paliar and was accompanied by Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw who is also the Head of KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit.
“In this regard, the party urges you to take the necessary measures and to ensure that the elections will not be disrupted and that the voters will be able to cast their votes. their vote without any fear and that the stealing of votes should not happen,” said Bah Langstieh.
Residents should be careful before buying any goods that are offered at high prices.
Besides, he said that from now on, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the KHADC will work together to check the foreign shops which are selling without a license.
I also want to get clarification from the government why the promise to move the CRPF from Mawlai to another place has been delayed.
However, at that time, there was another confusion as some of the Executive Members of the village denied that the raid was carried out by the people and said that they did not know anything. The Executive Members of the village including Ubah Lumlang Harnaior and even the former Secretary of the village said that there has never been a record of the dorbar. she made the decision.
Police searched the vehicle and at 12 noon they tried to stop the bolero near the Civil Hospital but it escaped and later was stopped at the State Central Library.
When they met, they greeted each other and asked, How did you have a child? asked the Scientist.
The name 'Thangbuli' came after the arrival of the French. The French said that they could not write 'Thangbu-halo', as the villagers said and instead of writing 'Thangbu-halo' write 'Thangbuli' in their writings.
Other places include Laban Last Stop, Rynjah, Nongmensong Point to Wahkdait and Madanriting Taxi Stand.
Shillong: In the first match of the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 tournament, Hyderabad lost by nine wickets in Jaipur.
There are many shortcomings in our rural areas.
In fact, the school had received a financial assistance of T.60,000 from the government in 2007-2008 to build a day care center for the children. In June 2014, a strong wind destroyed the roof of the school building and two classrooms, and since then the building has remained empty. The school authorities have not received the funds to repair and improve the school, although they have tried many ways to appeal to government offices to help them, but they said that time has been wasted. , vehicle fee , application fee without payment.
They demanded that the two District Councils, KHADC and JHADC, should ensure that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Act 1997 and the Khasi Social Custom of Clan (KHADC) are passed. Administration) Bill, 2018 to implement them because such announcements violate the powers of the District Councils.
In Group-A, Mawryngkneng Cluster, Sohra Cluster (B) and Mawsynram Cluster are the winners.
In East Khasi Hills, the meeting will be held on the 28th of November and the constituencies will be Sohryngham, Mawkynrew, Nongkrem, Langkyrdem and Laitkroh. for Sohra and Shella, the land shall be in Sohra.
Out of these 22613 students, 17,878 students passed and the percentage of those who passed in the regular examination was 79.06%.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of East Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Lumdiengjri Police Station on Friday evening arrested three drug traffickers from Lower Mawprem after receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies that drug traffickers in parts of Mawprem.
He applies oil to his hair and washes his face.
The decision to suspend the decision was taken from the recent Post-Facto Approval for the implementation of the NEP-2020 at the meeting of the Emergent Academic Council, NEHU, on 26th March,
He said it is responsible for the delivery of more than two billion doses of vaccines, and the provision at any time of certificates valid in any part of the world.
However, the High Court said it would have been better if the repairs had been completed before the monsoon.
Of these, 26 people have died in Mumbai alone in the past 24 hours, 475 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases to 6,457 and the death toll to
Moosalyngkat SC beat Luti Tuber SW 1-0 in the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 2013-05 in the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy organized by the WJDSA, Jowai. King Stadium, Jowai.
The District Tuberculosis Control Society (DTUC) has celebrated the World Tuberculosis Day at its headquarters in Panaliar, Jowai.
So far, no reports of any incident have been received, but it has been seen on the facebook page of a group of actors, which shows that there is a fire in the vehicles, with the caption: Mawlai Iewrynghep, where the picture was posted about 10 hours ago and said “Start of curfew”.
From 1993 to 2002, he served as the first DMHO of Ri Bhoi District until his retirement in
However, for two or three months they were ready to turn to the people to provide such assistance.
The venue of the rally will be announced after the meeting, said Bah Nongsiang.
Before the MLA elections, these people said that they are patriots.
On this occasion, the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah also awarded awards to the ASHA and Aganwadi workers in recognition of their services in the community.
When asked whether members from the state will be appointed to the committee, he said, “It is up to the committee which we have appointed to find out who will be members,” he replied.
The chain of disease transmission can also be broken, which is really important because the disease effect is due to the multiplication of the pathogen and there is a risk of disease spread.
He said that the end of the disease will be when 90% of the people in the state will get the Tikka and this is due to the strength of the disease. immunity can no longer be transmitted from one person to another.
In Arunachal Pradesh, the state government has issued an order requiring all shops to remove the word beef from the menus of hotels and restaurants.
Anyone who wishes to receive these photos can download the photos from Facebook and send them to the photos, said Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity. Shillong: The State Government will open the Mawlai Byepass on the 17th of this month.
The Taj Hotel in Lucknow, where Bollywood actress Kanika Kapoor stayed overnight, will be temporarily closed from today until further notice, the District Magistrate said.
The marathon is organized because as an organization we are concerned about the change of the environment and climate.
The troops seized T.20,000 counterfeit money, two SIM cards, one Indian and one Bangladeshi.
Jowai, Nailur, 24: The 30th Fishing Competition 2023 organized by the Jaintia Fishing Environmental Protection Association (JFEPA) on Saturday (23/09/23) went smoothly. which was allowed to be filled from Damser Treiongriang to Kharthymme Wah.
Shillong: The Dorbarshnong Mynso-B today celebrated the 73rd Independence Day of India at Mynso.
The stars are called THARU PYNIR, if there are four stars in the same place, they are called SAWDONG MANIANG. IN THE SKY.(Observatory).
It is for this reason that those who have recovered from the disease and those who have been in contact with the patients have been sent to quarantine for 14 days or more to check and ensure that the disease is no longer in their bodies. .
Furthermore, if anyone who is self-isolating at home has fever, cough or shortness of breath, please notify immediately by phone at 94853-95373, 82579-4 76420-08817 or 89740-37257.
“I think it is wrong (the answer given before the Court).
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya TMC has promised to do something to help the village of Kantanaggre, which has been neglected by the government to insult the people. of them, I will give righteous judgment.
He said that if there are vacant areas, the government will also look into Motphran, Khyndai Lad and other areas.
He said that as Shillong has already entered the Smart City, these works should not be a problem.
He said he has spent a lot of time training in various programs of parliament since he became a new MP.
The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has taken the initiative to conduct a disinfectant campaign across the city of Jowai. .
However, when the parents of the child went to pick up their child on the 16th of this month from Mawsaw village, they found that she had changed a lot in the appearance of the child. The child has confessed that the father of the child has raped her since he took her to the village.
One person has died in a landslide this morning.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Langester Wahlang, Assistant Secretary, Hima Jirang, said that the allegation by Bah Najim Kharmalki is baseless and merely a misrepresentation. The MLA of Jirang has explained that the office of the Hima Jirang cannot hand over the documents without holding a meeting, and without entering them in the register of the Hima. don't worry about the books and papers as mentioned.
This was announced by the Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 23 : Police in Tura, West Garo Hills have raided the farm house of Bernard N Marak outside Tura and arrested 73 persons. She also rescued five children, four boys and one woman who were imprisoned in a dark and dirty room.
It is also worth mentioning that such statements have come with the intention of insulting, defaming and spreading false information to the general public,” he said.
But before we do that, let us go back to an incident in
Shillong, Iaiong 5: The KSU Sawmer Unit has arrested 12 foreigners on their way home after the National Day celebration. The 12 foreigners were on their way to Mawngap.
He said that the state government has ordered that Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary of the party, should appear before the party on 30th November Many other leaders were summoned to appear before them to be tried.
Up to 18 youths, both men and women, led by Bah HS Diengdoh, President of SWKHDSA, cut the New Year cake and prayed.
Shillong: AISECT in collaboration with the Directorate of Employment and Craftsmen Training (DECT) under the Labor Department of the Government of Meghalaya will provide training to 300 youths from the State under the government's scheme. India, Centrally Sponsored State Managed (CSSM) lane of Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojana 2.0.
“We hope that in the future, the government department will encourage and support the MLBA to hold various tournaments and championships in the state especially as this is one of the sports that Meghalaya will have. “Meghalaya has received 63 National Games in 2025 or 2026,” said VN Lamare President and R Swett General Secretary, MLBA. billion cubic liters of water per annum through rainfall, which is very high, but the state has been able to collect only 1 billion cubic litres, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. Water Smart Kid campaign, an initiative under the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) to raise awareness on the importance of water safety among children.
Shangpliang was speaking at a meeting of the Mawsynram Society and Cultural Association (ASO) Shillong Unit convened by the All Mawsynram Society, Shillong Unit. Land mark Hotel, Nongrim Hills, Laitumkhrah.
They will lead the inheritance to the end of the nation.
The amended electors rule allows voters to link their EPICs to their Aadhaar number until 1st June
When asked by Dr Jemino Mawthoh whether the syrnod from the Rangbah Shnongs are still in force, Bah Rowel said he does not know exactly.
The first semifinal will be between West Jaintia Police vs. 12 Dolloi FT at 11 am and the second semifinal will be between Ar Dolloi SC vs. Tyllilang VFT at 1:30 pm.
“Those who have been confirmed to be admitted tomorrow are Bah Antonio and one from Garo Hills,” said Bah David.
He also told about many of the works that he has done for the community.
“This is a special scheme that the government has set up in the form of a Farmer's Group known as FOCUS which is implemented to help the farmers by setting up groups and after this the money will be sent back to them. They have their account numbers,” said Prestone.
If the way of life is accompanied by a strong mind, life flows like a river.
If you are wrong this month, you cannot surprise or surprise people after this month, because it is too late.
The State has witnessed such a struggle of the Khasi people in the past years and which continues to this day and all this is nothing if not that feeling of fear, fear that the day of the Khasi people has come. it will disappear from the Earth.
Hrithik Roshan and Tiger Shroff have stirred up cinema halls with their film War, which has grossed Rs 20 crore on its second day of release.
The new office bearers of FKJGP Mawkyrwat Unit are Bah Shanborlang Nongsiej as President, Bah Sunshine Shangdiar as General Secretary and others.
As everyone has witnessed.
The purpose of the Expo is to encourage the youth and guide them on how to choose the right career when they continue their higher education and to reap the fruits of life. their.
Jowai, Nailur 6: A mother named Phrom Chyrmang (40) has been shot dead by a group of Phul Dkhar from Jalyiah village. suspected that her husband was having an affair with her 15-year-old daughter.
Therefore, as residents, they should understand that they should not look down on such people but should be ready to help.
“Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that those who committed this crime have been summoned to the Nongpoh Police Station and the video has been removed from youtube.
From Khanapara, Byrnihat to Nongpoh, Umsning and Umiam, it was found that all the salons were employed by foreigners and there were no Khasi. These salons are Khasi.
On the other hand, he expressed his gratitude to Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP, for his health.
There have also been organizations, groups and individuals who in the name and on the basis of economic development have expressed the importance of immediate mining of uranium.
In this newly established rule, many Indians have begun to take over the lands of the French...and it is up to us to think about our country in relation to that new rule. begin now and grow stronger.
“We should not sting and count troiñ on this opponent because election is election and candidate is candidate and he has come out to contest,” he said. The 2023 election is well prepared.
The Lamphang said that this initiative can be achieved with the help of Artificial Intelligence and experts in the field will come to look into it from the upcoming session.
Referring to the earlier decision of the Cabinet not to allow foreign government employees to be Rangbah Shnong or to hold office or be members of any political party, Latiplang said that 90 per cent of the “Are they no longer eligible to hold village positions? If government employees don't hold village positions, who will hold village positions? Who will be the Rangbah Shnong?” he asked.
The price of rice is 5 kg per head per month at the price of T.3 per kilo while the price of AAY rice is 35 kg per card at the price of T.3 per kilo.
Two persons, John Patwad and Jingieit Suting, who are also residents of Kuliang, were also arrested.
“This is the first political party that I have joined and I have served as its President in West Jaintia Hills from 2013 to 2017 and I have worked hard body and soul for the party,” he said. he said in a news release.
Aristotle said the MHRD has directed the state government to provide the salaries of the teachers from the state budget but the state government has not been able to do so yet.
They carried the Indian flag and chanted and gathered, most of them were women, and started the rally on Saturday night.
He said that the deadline set by the government to complete the sale of coal will be only three days and this will be difficult as hundreds of trucks are still standing in line to be sold.
The District Councils also bring about development.
James explained that those land which falls under the Municipal, the permission to build houses will have to get permission from MUDA and those land which fall under the District Council land will have to get permission from District Councils, but the Building Act shall belong to the Government.
Rudaio Tang, NPP candidate from Shillong Constituency and Brightstar Chyrmang, NPP candidate from Jowai North, will contest against the incumbent MDC Marki Mulieh from Jowai North.
If the District Council does not stop collecting taxes from the villagers, the union will not hesitate to take strong action, or to lodge a PIL with the Court.
“The smooth running of the indigenous culture within the Hima Sohiong is the aim and desire of the JAC and the people of the Hima Sohiong as a whole,” he added.
At the same time, he urged all poor women to go for treatment at health centers during their pregnancy and to give birth at health centers that are ready to treat them. from any traumatic events.
The development of these new routes will further boost domestic flight operations, as well as improve transportation in these neighboring regions.
However, UCIL employees are not allowed to move UCIL equipment from Shillong to Jharkhand for fear that UCIL will shut down operations in the state and they will become unemployed. .
Out of the five MDCs who resigned from the Congress on Tuesday, the Congress has received only the resignation letters of Banteidor Lyngdoh and Neil Antonio War. She said that the reason is that the three men want to talk properly.
High cholesterol can affect the health of the blood vessels and the blood flow in the blood vessels because it slows down and prevents the smooth flow of blood in the blood vessels such as blood vessels. .
Speaking to reporters, F.Nongsiang said that after the Rangbah Shnongs of Kynshi Sharum had held a meeting, the party had left to send a letter to the party. The company also demanded that within 10 days they should bring back the child along with the foreigner.
Don't be poor in the riches of this world, but the Lord God will fill you with the riches of the Spirit.
Ronaldo lost to Rooney in the PFA Young Player of the Year award on 23 June but returned to the PFA Premier League Team of the Year for the first time. He won his first Premier League title and won the PFA Players' Player of the Year and PFA Young Player of the Year awards. Champions League.
And Isaiah saw the LORD sitting upon his throne, and round about him the wings of the serpents, and the voice of them that cried, Holy, holy, holy, the LORD of hosts: the whole earth is filled with blood. and the foundations of the gate shook at the voice of him that cried, and the house was filled with smoke.
If Didi can do it in Bengal, she can do the same in Assam.
The judges, including Justice Abdul Nazeer and Krishna Murari, sought clarification from the Indian and Manipur governments on the matter and were given four months to respond.
In the second leg, PFR Academy beat Mawkriah West SC 16-0 and Laitkor SC beat Umpling SC 6-0 goals. Laitkor scored three goals in the 2nd, 10th, 20th, 73rd and 77th minutes, while Nisilia Majaw scored the second goal (17).
The driver of the truck received a challan worth T.2,00,500 and the reasons were that the driver did not have a license, no pullution test, no registration certificate, no fitness test, no insurance, no permit and no insurance. seat belts.
The Moolamylliang Dorbar Shnong has informed that these lights have been installed in other new ways.
The Greater Iew Polo Welfare Association (GIPWA) has appealed against the order to ban the illegal constructions.
The opening ceremony was inaugurated by the Dean of Students Welfare and Teacher In-charge, Sports Department, NEHU, Prof.S.Umdor and Assistant Director of Sports, NEHU, N.Das.
Marjan's electronics have been lost after 8 months. 6 months have been taken on average (shish is not available now?) Taken to Guwahati not repaired I have to send to HPL. Month.
It is alleged that if they are 10 minutes late for school, the Principal will tie them and if they answer wrongly, he will give them away.
We won a bronze medal last time ( in Jakarta-Palembang 2018), and in the beginning, if you had told me we would have won a silver, I would have taken it straight away and not played," he said. state.
Here, I conclude with the words of a joint press release at the end of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the US in which he said, “Our ambitions (India and USA) will reach new heights...”.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the erection of the statue is also to remind the future generations of the contribution of this outstanding leader of the state.
Referring to the KSU members' attack on the police, the KSU leader said, “I want to explain why the members of the KSU call the police like ksew and why they shout like that. member of the party who is still out of prison, because in prison they have been spoken of more than a ksew.
This has affected the operation of the BSF,” Saini said after a meeting between the BSF and the Border Guard of Bangladesh (BGB) in Shillong yesterday.
Rev. Presley Mawnai is the eldest son of L. Lorisa Mawnai and Broholat Sangma. He lives in Umran Dairy village in Ri-Bhoi district. -Bhoi Mihngi Presbytery, and also served as Mission Director of the Ri-Bhoi Presbyterian Synod.
The legend says that we are a nation without books and documents because even what we have was destroyed when he cleaned the river.
After being screened in Mumbai, Bengaluru and Jaipur, the film was also screened at the Film Festival, Manipur on 13th June.
Everyone who stood gave praise and promised to work together.
Referring to the cleanliness, the Prime Minister said that it is sad to see that there are those who throw garbage on the side of the road and he hopes that this road should not turn into a place of throwing garbage. Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie on the part of the Marten said the government has not stopped looking for solutions regarding the land.
Any legislator should be a person who is familiar with the parts of the law, which they make and most of the laws relating to customs and traditions, especially, need to consult with the people. understand that you understand those parts better.
Regarding the State Anthem released recently by the State Government on the occasion of the 52nd Anniversary of Meghalaya's Independence, there has been a lot of dissatisfaction from some groups. and the political parties who expressed their regret over the non-inclusion of the Pnar language in the patriotic song and on the part of Bah Michael said that these signs show the lack of unity.
“It is up to the people of this state to nominate a candidate,” said Payeng, adding that the AAP will not give tickets to anyone who has bad marks. .
The name and reward paid to the informant shall also be kept confidential.
After the first half, Langsning didn't stop as they didn't score one goal and Kitboklang Pale scored another goal in the 89th minute to strengthen and the third goal was scored. Brolington Warlarphih won the title.
The Dorbar Shnong Lion Mission Compound, Jowai, after finding that many people are committing immoral activities within the boundary of the village, has issued a public notice and warned that no one should do so. to the village council.
He also encouraged the children by saying, “This program is specially prepared for you, to help you understand and recognize your talents and goals, and also to find and choose the right career paths for your personal future.
When questioned by police, Suresh said that he left home because he was unhappy to live with his ex-wife and so he worked as a mechanic in Hosur and lived with her. a new woman.
Speaking on the political situation in the state, he said that the NPP is the party that has gone further than other parties and he said that there is hope that it will rule alone. He said that if it does not get to rule alone, it will have to think first with whom to form a coalition government.
We respect someone only when they are being benefited.
However, the disobedience of the Karbi has angered the entire Khasi people,” said the statement.
In a brief meeting with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem and Ministers, the CEM in his speech explained the authorities of the Hima Mylliem regarding the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council Solid. After receiving the approval of the Waste Management Act 2020 from the Governor, he said that the KHADC wants this Act to work properly in the market.
Shillong, July 6: Students under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) schools will receive a financial assistance of T.400 as uniform fee from the government.
If you don't say, 'yes', it's a rape,” wrote TUR on a placard distributed to the people in Nan Polok, a place where young people used to gather.
After the short meeting, there was also a special training for the youth where trainers from various departments including Police, Health, Childline, KRIPA and others. .
Before distributing these items to these families, H.Deolangki Dkhar, Finance Secretary of the Dong, welcomed and thanked Kong Chiarmon Dkhar and prayed to God.
So far, the UDP has announced 12 candidates, seven in the first round and seven in the second round while there are 17 constituencies where the party has not yet decided where to give the ticket. that the competition for tickets is fierce.
The program was attended by Dr. (Mrs.) E.Kharkongor, Principal, Shillong Commerce College, Dr. (Mrs.) S.Sen, Principal, Dr. (Mrs.) B.Tron. , IQAC Coordinator College of Teacher Education (PGT) Shillong, Prof.B.Syiem, Vice Principal Shillong College (Self-financing Course), Prof.K.D.Roy, IQAC Coordinator of Shillong College and others.
Besides Alia, Bappi Lahiri, one of the biggest Bollywood singers, has also tested positive for the virus.
“We are not afraid of being arrested because we are following the rules and regulations laid down by the government,” she said.
The NeuroGen Brain and Spine Institute, located in Mumbai, is one of India's leading stem cell therapy centers and has a rehabilitation centre.
At first she sent her to work only in the morning, then at noon and so on until she had to work all day and night.
Sister Anupama told the bishop that he had a mark in Kerala and Punjab as well and used money to deceive women.
Sanbor said the MTDC's revenue is the highest compared to previous years due to the lack of funds.
There is also an allegation that the Sordar Shnong has not issued NOC to those who have bought acres of land in Diengpasoh, but Louis said that those people who allege will be pleased to bring those people. who have applied for NOC from the village in respect of those land which has been sold and sold with proper documents.
The player, who is fourth in the tournament, will take part in the opening round of the BWF World Tour Super 300 singles.
Shillong, March 17: U Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, wants to implement the Residence Act across Meghalaya, when he lives only in his own village. in Nongrim Hills, he was unable to explain or approve his views to the village authorities.
Shillong, June 27 : Former Mylliem MLA Hamletson Dohling, who is also the Chief Adviser to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday morning visited Um-paitmaw-Lum Shyllong to monitor the implementation of the The Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme to provide drinking water to Umlyngka and Nongkseh villages which fall under the census town has been implemented by him.
Police, who received information about the incident, rushed to the scene and the injured were taken to Tirot Singh Memorial Civil Hospital in Mairang for treatment.
The participants included men and women from different villages from West and East Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, if we have this understanding that the problem we are facing is not external, but internal to man and if we had known this truth our country and nation would have been saved. from the many problems she now faces.
At present, the price of plastic bags in the market is T.45 per kilo while the government has bought T.54.27 per kilo.
He said the BJP delegation led by Ernest Mawrie will meet the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma on the 30th of this month to urge him to take action on this issue.
Meghalaya opened the scoring in the 17th minute through Pynshailang L.Nonglait.
He said that the support of the people and the trust in God has brought victory in this regard.
On the same day, a merger document was also signed between the two parties, which contains 11 issues.
Other speakers included Firmly Ryngkhlem, Pailakordor Lyngkot, Thomas Passah and Chandame Sungoh. the right to vote and to elect leaders who work for the people and not for selfish gain.
The 44-year-old coach announced his decision in July to leave the club at the end of the season, but club president Joan Laporta has decided to continue. work for him.
In the coming weeks, the names of the winners and those selected to compete in the various categories of the award ceremony will be announced.
At present, the Dkhars make up about 40 percent of the village and the Khasi make up 60 percent.
The FSSAI has issued this report after conducting a water sample collection by the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) from 46 villages in Shillong. He said that the residents have complained that they are getting dirty and unsafe drinking water.
The District Administration has set up a hotline number 81358 73854 which the public can call at any time for assistance.
“The demand for the removal of the Syiem has been made long ago,” said the Minister of Forestry of Mylliem Hima.
“Sunita, I'm sure Madhuri would have tried to hit on her,” she replied, “I don't even know him, in that. period".
“What the EC has done is to show by its actions, not to sit idly by and have a goal to resolve the issue of the council's income,” said Ma Andrew.
Shillong, Nailur 3: U Bah HDR Lyngdoh MLA of Sohiong on Tuesday described those who speak against him as ksew who steal cows. “I don't eat plants but I'm still angry if the cows don't eat plants,” said Bah HDr Lyngdoh at the awarding ceremony for the students who passed well at a meeting held at Them Rangshken on Saturday.
But here we are wrong.
Nongpoh: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of State, today laid the foundation stone of the Ri Bhoi Sepngi, Shillong. The Traditional Market will be built at Lumdaitkhla, Bhoirymbong.
Agnes said why they removed the witness from his clothes because according to the signs he was shot in the back of the head.
Perhaps, Bhagwat's fourth visit was to test the strength of his karsevaks or to see that this Ri Khasi is the right shrah for the Sangh Parivaar of he.
Bah Thabah also explained that the people can get assistance from the Basin Livelihood Program for raising pigs, cattle, clothes and every year the block office selects people to go for training. The Relief Scheme is for those who have been affected by damage to crops, livestock or houses and others. The allocation of funds for this scheme depends on the damage.
The question to us the people is , who gave them the authority to illegally mine and how much damage they do to the environment ? Illegal mining of stone, mining of shyiap, mining of mineral resources continues today despite many rules and regulations issued from time to time to curb them but to no avail. .
He explained the process of the party to take candidates for the 2018 elections and before announcing the name he said that the party has looked from all sides that the candidate of the party should be all. the public may not accept.
They don't even have to stay for hours to show that they are in Shillong.
The memory of plastic leads me to the poem “If you give it to your friend, I'll give it to you/You'll forget/I'll ​​put it in the plastic without returning it.
FKJGP MDC Eveningstar Teron was the chief guest, FKJGP MDC Tuesday Lytep, Waheh Shnong of Nongjngi Proning War and others.
Ma Kaman Laloo, a retired Pharmacist from the Health Department, Government of Meghalaya, passed away on 14th October
“The Supreme Court is still looking into our situation.
It is to be recalled that five years ago, the Assam police in Langpih had stopped the employees of MePDCL while they were working on the line to supply electricity to Mawdiangsnam village and the work has been completed till now.
The suspect broke into his house at 2 am while no one was home to steal the money.
Furthermore, it was said that these shini were supplied by suppliers and were collected only from one MECOFED plant at Mawlai Mawiong by FPS and wholesalers appointed by the government.
Meanwhile, the BJP is still trying to change the name of India to Bharat; However, the Karnataka government will soon issue an order in the coming days directing all bank employees in the state to speak Kannada and not to speak Kannada. to the banks in the local language of the state.
Dr Mukul also alleged that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has misled the House by denying that there is illegal coal mining in the state. The MDA government's deception has affected the dignity of the House.
On the closing ceremony, Prof. Darlando T. Khating, Vice Chancellor, North East Christian University, Dimapur Nagaland, distributed certificates and moments to the participants.
“The doctor said he came back but I don't have anything else in the plate, we are alive only because we still have ration.
On the other hand, the Minister in this meeting also found that there are some departments within MeECL which are overcrowded, which are unemployed and which are short of staff. The Minister has directed to relocate the employees from the densely populated areas to the less densely populated areas, while the power substations will be installed with automatic equipment. release from planting new people.
The medical health camp, which was held at Harinkata Rabha village in North Garo Hills district as part of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra, is for the villages and individuals who have benefited from the developmental scheme.
I commend the police, soldiers and doctors for sacrificing their lives even as the disease approaches.
Regarding Jeofreeson Jana, who is suspected of involvement in the murder of his two young children, police said the investigation is ongoing.
The reason why the state has to wait for imported fish is because the government has not yet formulated specific policies for the provision of assistance under the scheme, including funds and subsidies to those fishermen for the construction of their ponds.
In this regard, those residents who have reached the age of 18 years as of that date, who have not yet registered on the draft Electoral Roll, can register themselves at the Polling Station where they reside. the names of those who have died or fled the village will be removed and the mistakes will be corrected at this time.
Through this statement, the Seng urges the people of Hynniewtrep not to have the spirit of differences between regions, elaka, hima, villages and others when there are any problems faced by the people of Hynniewtrep. Only cooperation will bring victory.
However, they did not dare to hold the mait because they were afraid that the police would hear.
Ms. S.Tariang urged the members to take responsibility for the environment, because in these days the destruction of the environment by mankind has increased.
How do you translate the words?
The program was enriched by a welcome song by the youth of Nongkdait-Nongtwah, choreography by the children, a special song by Bah Y.Khar-dewsaw and traditional dance by the women. to some of the most important people.
The Supercare Hospital will become the first and only health care facility in Meghalaya to receive emergency recognition from the National Accreditation Board for Hospitals and Healthcare Providers (NABH).
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of East Khasi Hills District on Saturday arrested a man from a bus at Mawryngkneng village coming from Silchar.
At this Inter School Sports Meet, there were many different sports for the students and it was very successful through the participation of the students. Trophies and medals were awarded to the winners and second and third place winners.
He became an IPS officer in 1977, and according to an affidavit submitted to the Election Commission of India (ECI), he completed his BA (Bachelor of Arts) from He graduated from NEHU in
Shillong: Four candidates for the mid-term elections from Shella Constituency have filed their nomination papers today. Joshua Warjri from the Congress, BJP and Mosjo Rock F Wanswett from the PDF. Through the registration of these four candidates, all the candidates have been nominated. There are seven candidates for the election, including Balajied Synrem, UDP candidate, Komen Laitmon, independent candidate.
Informing about this, after visiting the market on November 13, the Symbud Myntri in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said, “I am pleased to see the process is going on smoothly.
Furthermore, to be clear, the new race is often preceded by the word “Dkhar” or “Khar.
Children or relatives can take care of providing food, drink and clothing for the family.
When inquired, the employees of MeECL said that there is a maintenance of the electrical wires, which have started to collapse and the department will not hesitate to take the necessary action, but on the part of these youths. He said that it should be repaired but the construction should have time and should not deprive anyone and hurt each other.
Teachers don't even think about medical reimbursement when they are sick.
In the first category, nine candidates scored 547 marks including Drishana Roy Choudhury, Sa I Nanghunbha Kharlukhi of Christian Academy, Shillong, Dakerlang Easter Wanswett Marweiñ of Synod Higher Secondary School, Shillong. Nishan Talukdar of St.George Secondary School, Nongmensong, Emika S.Dkhar of Litter Star Secondary School, Lad, Riktean M.Marak of Aeroville Higher Secondary School, Tura, and Shelim Islam of Bhaitbari Higher Secondary School Shillong, Bhaitbari.
The PGI includes 1000 items in 70 marks divided into two categories such as Governance Management (GM).
Dr War said that the testing of the residents near the BSF camps has been going on and every day 50 people from each village are being tested.
After the arrest of the thief, the police immediately rushed to the scene to arrest him.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in the past few days has received a complaint from three youths who went to be trained at the District Industries Center office in West Jaintia Hills District. M/s Toby Dora Furniture shop at Stand War, on the road to Amlarem owned by Bah Tip. By Lypon.
After a longer discussion, the reply was received that there is no need to charge admission fees for Class-I of 2019, as well as no need to conduct the entrance examination and “Banshai Marbaniang, a parent who sent his children to Step by Step School, said in a statement.
By Philip MarweinRangblang: Many villages in War San Lyngdoh area of ​​South West Khasi Hills are still in darkness because they have not received electricity from MeECL even after 48 years of independence. of Meghalaya.
Mukul Roy, 69, is believed to be not as healthy as he is now.
To talk about politics in the state is still two and a half years away and if we talk and talk about politics from now on it is exactly like we have already offered to sell the Hati bone that is still in the wild.
He said that according to the office memorandum dated 11th July 1973, the maximum age for employment in the Government has been increased from 25 to 27 years and has been extended by 5 years for Scheduled applicants. Bad tribe Scheduled Caste.
The HNLC's threat against the Sohra MLA and the allegation that he has not been able to do anything to revive the MCCL is completely wrong.
with thee will I smite princes and deputies" Jeremiah 51:20-2
The Congress leader said that there should be a clear issue in this regard, but at present it cannot be said because the talks have not been held yet, but after the talks it will be possible to say. what that conversation is like.
But even though it is small, it sees and knows everything.
Certificates issued by schools to verify age will not be accepted.
She said that Pa Togan was a tall man among the Garo, who led his people to fight against the French troops to protect their villages.
Nongpoh: In the friendly football match between the UDP and the Synjuk Rangbah Shnong, which was held today at Pahamsyiem Stadium, the players of the Rangbah Shnong, won the title after beating 5-4, in the match which reached the tie breaker.
He was admitted to Civil Hospital, Shillong on 01-05-2021 and died on 03-05-2
Therefore, it will be the last time of preaching the eternal Gospel only by angels before Jesus comes down to this earth on the Mount of Olives against Jerusalem, and will judge and reign for 1000 years and forever.
Speeches were delivered by Dharmendra Pradhan, Minister of Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Government of India, G Kishan Reddy, Minister of Tourism, Culture and Development, North East. Rajeev Chandrasekhar, Minister of State for Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Electronics and IT, Jayanta Mallabaruah, Minister of Public Health Engineering, Government of Assam.
Physio; Ultra Sound, IFT, TENS, Paraffin Wax bath, Laser therapy, and many others.
As the youth of the village who look after the society, at this time they expressed their sorrow even though Assam is one of the areas most affected by the covid19 pandemic, while People or vehicles carrying goods from Assam enter Meghalaya every day.
Therefore, we strongly urge your office to take disciplinary action according to the rules of law," he said.
“They said that the harvesting of meat in this area is a great benefit,” said Bah Shylla.
“We have not been invited or informed and told that the Opposition has no information on the talks between the government and the HNLC,” Pala said. details you will get from them and not from us.
The training program was conducted by the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), North East Institute of Science and Technology (NEI ST), Jorhat, State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA), Meghalaya and the District.
A prayer was also led by Father Nicholas Maiong and before the end of the meeting, a special blessing was given by Bishop Wilbert Marweiñ.
He said that if the party cannot protect or suspend the CRPc and CPC in the district council areas, it will weaken and endanger the rule of the autonomous district councils in the state.
We remember the love of the Lord Jesus, especially His help to the poor.
Most of these people who came to buy books, leaves and school supplies are from the rural areas, and it was seen that they were ready to rush to the bookstore which is located near the Book Emporium. in the market.
The driver of an Auto Rickshaw (ML-10A-4126) has died in an accident at Sohbhala Umsning on Tuesday evening. After the auto rickshaw, it is suspected that it collided with other vehicles and which led to the death of the driver, while the vehicle that collided with the auto rickshaw has not been found. and she saw him, and fled from thence.
This decision was taken by the Coordination Committee of Monolith Festival 2024, which held an emergency meeting on Monday at KHADC in the presence of EMs, MDCs, Mawphlang Hima Chiefs, Event Management Team and others. .
However, when it comes to various organizations such as student organizations or other NGOs, it is not common to hear that women become Presidents or Secretaries.
In order to get more information, the union has also met with AB Lyngdoh, District Horticulture Officer, Ri Bhoi District. project of T.1.30 crore, it is only a trial or an experiment within three years and this year it is and this year it is not, but the report why it is not this year that it does not give runners is not known. .
He recalled that Meghalaya has increased from 27th to 20th in terms of vaccination rates. Through the Jal Jeevan Mission, more than 2.5 lakh households have been helped to provide water to 4000 households in .
The language they speak is Nongtrai.
He said that the lack of attention of the Kyndongtuber Dispensary to the patients who need assistance at the right time has put them in great sorrow. The poverty and discrimination against the staff of the Dispensary is unacceptable as residents, said Wilybert War.
“If we don't work now, Chhattisgarh will soon become a Christian state,” he said.
He said that through the presence of this biometric data record, the number of names of people on the electoral roll or people who have three or four names of the same person can be prevented. Those people who have a lyndet identity and the biometrics cannot be verified as those people who have more than one name.
Shillong: The Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India has selected the Lumdiengjri Police Station in East Khasi Hills District. as the best Police Station in Meghalaya for the year
The people of Jhalupara area did not do well, they did the right thing.
However, despite the loss of one player in the middle of Madan, Nongdawah had more strength to play and struggled to win until the end.
Shillong: The Central Puja Committee (CPC) will hold a puja tomorrow with government officials and religious leaders at Stony Land, Dhankheti, Shillong at 4 pm.
At the same time, she said that despite the presence of 76 Sub-Centres in the district which cover about 10 lakh people, on the other hand, there are other areas where the department cannot cover. services due to the condition of the area especially the lack of roads.
On the same day, the delegation also met with the Doctor Incharge of the CHC, Dr.N.Diengdoh, who said that he has already informed about the lack of space for the CHC. They have sent garbage from the CHC to the higher authorities of the Health Department and requested for a proper garbage dump, but the inability of the department to do what is necessary has prevented them from putting it inside the compound.
Marak said that in the past years, the people of Garo Hills have not been very concerned about this issue.
The JSU admitted that besides the lack of medical equipment, the hospital lacks nurses and doctors to provide services to the patients and demanded to increase the number of staff at the hospital.
The Assam Police Station has been completed and all that remains is to complete the roof.
“After receiving the statement from the HNLC, I will leave for Delhi tomorrow,” he said.
“Since the time our EC took over the running of the Council, we have already paid the remaining salary, in fact we have already paid the salary for 34 months despite the appointment of us is still in a very short time.
Expunction- The expulsion of the opinions expressed by the members of the Legislative Assembly from the report or bill submitted to the Legislative Assembly.
Mizoram were bowled out for 153 runs in the second tied innings.
The Government should not encourage the farmers not to cultivate synsar, but should advise them to switch to other types of cultivation, which are sustainable and harmless. to the other plants, which grow together.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) Ma Thombor Shiwat today congratulated all the employees of the JHADC who have suffered with the JHADC despite the pandemic. They have lost their salaries for more than 7 months.
This work, however, cannot be accepted by completing the “Niam Khatar Maw.
“All the shlems and departments created under the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, 2014 have been amended from time to time, they are sufficient and the employees can receive complaints before the Meghalaya Lokayukta,” he said.
Basumatary did not lose a wicket till the end and scored 81 runs off 72 balls in an inning which included 10 fours, while Kimtera scored 56 runs. off 60 balls (without losing a wicket) and scored 5 for 4 runs.
Meanwhile, the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said, “We don't want to take advantage of Maieid Hoping's position, but we want to elect the leaders who have passed the law. “She is a close friend of the leaders of KHNAM,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum, former CEM of KHADC. When asked how many votes KHNAM has in KHNAM, Nongstoiñ James Ban said that the last time the party contested elections in Nongstoin was when Paul Lyngdoh was still in KHNAM. 1000 votes there.
Police have arrested the shooter and registered a case against him.
The candidates for Nartiang Constituency 1 are Dawan Lyngdoh of UDP, Emlang Laloo of Congress, Rimiki Sari of BJP and Generous Pasleiñ as an independent candidate from Jowai Constituency Awhai Andrew Shullai of AITC, Moonlight Pariat of UDP and Daniel Dan of Congress, Lakhon Biam of BJP, Robinus Syngkon of AITC and J.Treilang. Nehemayah Tyngkan of the INC and Habahun Dkhar of the NPP have filed their nomination papers from 4-Mowkaiaw constituency. Stephanson Mukhim from the NPP, Arbiang Kam Kharsohmat from the Congress and Aiban Gashnga from the AITC. strongly committed to providing services to the people.
Compared to the previous fiscal year, the outstanding budget for 2021-22 has increased by 13.67 per cent to T.1,862.35 crore.
They carry more than 3 tonnes of coal per pick-up without Challan with the help of the Dalai to release them at Umling Weighbridge. Weighbridge.
Nongstoiñ: The WYF Central Body today met with the Chief Manager of SBI Nongstoiñ Branch to demand that he should immediately provide the ATMs and replace them with new ones. The bank has three ATMs, but only one is operational.
During his visit, the Minister visited various project implementation sites to inspect the fisheries resources, and the implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Matsya Sampada Yojana (PMMSY). as well as Animal Husbandry schemes in the State.
He said that he used to suggest that there should be a school to teach Garo language to Khasi and Garo language to Khasi so that it would be easier for Khasi and Garo to communicate and also in business relationships.
The wind will last for only about two hours and there are 110 patients in urgent need of oxygen, he said.
What is more dangerous is that when the railway arrives, it is a freight railway but it is clear that it will make it easier for foreigners to infiltrate into our district. The influx of foreigners will also affect the income of the indigenous people and will also bring about a terrible cleanliness in the rural areas and we may also become low paid in our country. “We don't have strong laws like the ILP to protect us from the infiltration of foreigners,” said the Seng.
The union has demanded that the government should not allow Ayush Kumar to study MBBS because according to the information he is not a resident of Thanskai, the union together with the village leaders They will meet the DC and investigate the documents of Ayush Kumar and if it is found that he is a foreigner, the union will not allow him and the government should remove him. You have applied for an MBBS seat.
Pynshngaiñ urged the people in all the villages to wear iong flags to show that darkness has come upon the nation.
This project is being implemented by NAFED under the supervision of the Department of Consumer Affairs of the Union Government and this project starts with the collection of uncleaned or uncleaned goods from the warehouses of the Central Government and State Government, the distribution of these products in accordance with the FSSAI guidelines and the delivery of these products to the States.
Mawrie said the victory of the BJP government in Assam has shown progress in many areas such as unemployment and competition in self-employment.
HP Pyngrope, Chairman of the Election Committee of Saw Raid, told Rupang that the election went smoothly.
The man she had a relationship with in the past was the one who used to be violent and abusive towards her.
Martha's kindness was recognized in her preparation of food and drink.
Should we trust this government, why should we say the same thing, as in 2013 we demanded the Inner Line Permit (ILP), they brought it back.
He will destroy the city to turn evil into good and to accuse us of all our good deeds (Sir 11:31).
Referring to the claim by the Prime Minister that the police have arrested one person involved in the shooting and beating of the protesters on the day of the FKJGP rally, Bah Eldie said that so far the FKJGP has not done anything. There is no information about the arrest of that member and the party is still looking for information on this.
The Rangbah is the strong man, the strong man, who carries the burden of his wife, children and his whole family.
Nongpoh: A day after James K. Sangma, Minister of State, told reporters that the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021, has been repealed. The Joint Action Committee Against Casino (JACAC) in Ri Bhoi, has said that they do not agree with what he has said only in the media, but their demand is that if it is true, To repeal the Act, it should be decided in a Special Session and a notification should be issued for the benefit of all the people.
Banrilang was taking classes in class IV. She saw two young men and was surprised to see the man she saw in the restaurant while she was drinking with her mother.
They said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah will consider the relationship with MUDA and convene a cabinet meeting to take a decision before issuing the announcement.
At present, there are 3,618 students of the College and half of them are males.
The driver of the Prius pulled out from the stop sign directly in front of a tractor/trailer and as a result the Prius was broadsided.
When they received information that the Longkmie was in Golaghat, the MDC and his family members requested a letter from the Police Station to leave for the police station. to Golaghat, which takes about six hours.
The Pre Quarter matches of the tournament will be played on the 21st and 22nd, while the Quarter Final will start on the 26th.
Referring to the game on that day, it was a game that shocked and made the people laugh at the same time, from the game between government officers, MLAs and MDCs against the Pastors of the KJP Synod. Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar received a yellow card from Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar for the first time in the first half. He shocked the crowd after he wore only a shilliang of juti to play on the field.
“The issue of demanding the implementation of the ILP is still alive while the state government is still in talks and whenever we have the opportunity to meet the Minister of Home Affairs, Ri, we have been reminding, talking and urging him to grant us the ILP in Meghalaya”.
Marathi and Bangalee are the second and third most spoken languages ​​with 56% of the population except Tamil, Malayalam, Sanskrit, Telugu and Kannada. , Dongri, Odia, Gujrathi, Assamese and others.
According to media reports, Nepalese troops have recovered 90 bodies including nine officials.
According to police sources, Kong Auxilia L.Thabah has lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah PS that on the 4th of November at 12.30 pm, she arrested Banjop while he was trying to take her away. Her car, a Maruti, was parked near St. Anthony Hall, Laitumkhrah.
They also expressed their special gratitude to the leading leaders of the associations that through their encouragement and the support of their parents, the brothers and sisters have been able to fulfill their duties. and received prizes.
He said that the loss of the taxation department has reached T.89 lakh, and the loss on excise duty of alcoholic beverages has reached T.57.83 crore, and other losses.
A little bit about the Ten Commandments, for the Jews the Ten Commandments are the source of all the Laws and Commandments.
However, what is more surprising is that many members of the Congress especially the members of the Youth Congress Pynursla help the fillers especially those who do not know how to fill up their forms.
Such an incident happened at Lum Balang Malki on the evening of 29th October 2023 at 4:30 pm when a foreigner raped the girls.
At this time, they informed a policeman at Lad Nartiang about the threat.
But we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep. 1 Thessalonians 4:15 means that the dead in Christ will rise first. they shall rise first.—1 Thessalonians 4:1
He said that despite other allegations, the truth is that the development is evident in the villages in the constituency from schools, roads, water supply, upgrading of health facilities and other development works.
Replying to a question, the Chief Public Information Officer of the department said that the reason for the delay is because there are times when the computers and printers of the office are not available. can be slow.
Up to 93824 people have been infected in the past few years but 92228 people have recovered.
Shillong: Hundreds of foreigners have arrived in Majai for several months now, said residents of Majai.
Nongpoh: A Khasi youth, who works as a petrol filler at one of the petrol pumps in Ri Bhoi, has escaped from a plot to attack her longrynieng. They were also seen by a friend who worked inside the petrol pump.
She also explained about the Pradhan Mantri TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan (PMTBMBA), which aims to provide support to TB patients through food, health and other assistance.
Meghalaya, which won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 102 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 50 overs.
“During this meeting, I handed over a detailed report to Modi and I gave him an explanation and he was very pleased to see the various activities that have taken place in the State and he was also pleased. to see that the allocation for the development of the State in the last five years has increased by more than three times, which is almost three times what it was in the past 5-6 years,” he said. Conrad.
The Executive Committee of the Village invites all the residents of the Village, both men and women, to attend the meeting on that day and at the appointed time for the smooth running of the Village.
At the same time, the Waheh Shnong added that the demand to set up a police out post in Mukroh is not new but from time to time and now the time has come to set up a police out post in Mukroh. Mukroh village.
The water supplier told us that even the water trucks have had to stand in line and even those who have already been sent away have not been able to supply water.
They also said that the KSU film has provided information and education on the history of the Jaidbynriew.
The Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee (RIDC) has also inaugurated its office at Umlyngkdait Nongpoh by Ma Vincent H. Pala. Rona Khymdeit from Nongpoh, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh from Umsning, Dr. Adrian C. Mylliem from Jirang and Bah Adrian C. Mylliem from Mawhati. Charles Marngar and Umroi have not yet announced the name of the candidate.
Health experts say that drinking 8 glasses or 2 liters of water a day is essential to relieve dehydration.
Women from poor households have been able to apply for the LPG distributor M/s Ailang Gas Agency in Nongstoin by filling up the forms and the beneficiaries. beneficiaries through this scheme will also have to submit proof of residence, bank accounts and others according to the instructions in the form. The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) has released only the application forms and after receiving the order, the application forms will be allowed to be applied for. There are more than 2 crore applicants for the scheme across India, while in Nongstoin, 3682 applicants have been received. poor houses.
Hundreds of ethnic artists from 17 states of India have taken part in the tournament which started on 28th July and will end on 3rd June,
When it was his turn to speak , Abalagan spoke at length and the organizers gave him a slip saying that he should finish his speech after a while but he did not listen you speak your own language.
The woman was arrested by the West Khasi Hills Police on the 14th of this month, after she managed to deceive 450 job seekers from rural villages in Mairang area. She also demanded to be paid 50,000 tyngka each, and it was learned that when she came to these villages to collect the money, she was dressed in a police uniform. The woman has also seized Rs 2 crore 25 lakh from these youths.
In Bri U Hynniewtrep, the earth revolves around the sun in four seasons.
“These rules will empower electricity consumers and added that these rules will ensure equality in the use of electricity and that consumers they have the right to full service and full supply of electricity.
Sonia welcomed his decision and wished him a speedy recovery and urged him to continue serving the Congress party and to be its leader.
At the meeting, the teacher denied these allegations, but when the members of the union asked how many Khasi students who drop out of the university part-time and many They are from the department of education, but the teacher could not give a clear answer.
It is this umsaw that should be protected while there is still time.
Therefore, he appealed to the people of Nonghyllam area to take the opportunity to get closer to the government officers through various sectors.
Kaba is not.
It doesn't matter if the railway comes only to Khanapara-Byrnihat, as we have said for a long time.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr AW Rani said that the publication of this book is the time to encourage the people to ask about the Tang Jait system. There is a problem with this Tang Jait where even non-Khasis are just stirring up trouble without following even the rules and regulations laid down by the KHADC for their own benefit.
The word Sohra is derived from the phonetics of 'hone, loan, or phone' in English.
Sajar Nangli, as the Minister of State of Syiem Borgohain, who was in charge of the 12 Elaka of the Hima Bah Jaintia, was a man who was loved and respected by all for his courage and dedication to look after the good. the welfare of the inhabitants of the Jaintia Empire.
Speaking to media, u Bah Lambor strongly condemned the Assam government which is in the midst of talks to resolve the border issue in a straightforward manner; but a terrible thing happened.
However, if we continue to do the same today, we will never be able to stop the tragic accidents, and the end result will be a story of what happened.
He urged the chief officers of the district authorities to try and achieve 100 percent vaccination coverage before the Christmas celebrations in the state as set by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi in meeting with the Chief Ministers of the States.
Even after many people have said that he is not a citizen of India, he doesn't do such a thing and tries to focus only on his job.
In her speech, the Chief Guest praised the organization for its 20 years of experience and for conducting such a program which can benefit especially the youth.
In the first match between Thangskai Tiger SC and Dhana SC, the match ended in a draw after both teams scored 1-1 goals.
Shillong: The body of Nongrim Hills SC will be played against Laban SC tomorrow. Shillong: Fr Pius Shadap, Co-ordinator of the Funeral Committee of Shillong Archdiocese, today said that the body of (L) Archbishop Dominic Jala is expected to arrive at LGBI Airport on 20th October
Louis said that this distribution is the responsibility of the party to protect its fellow citizens because the government has not done anything and has not deployed police to protect them.
“We will continue to prosecute Bernard Marak under the Explosives Substances Act, 1908,” said the SP. He was arrested on charges of running a robbery camp at his farm house where three minors were also found and rescued by the police.
The establishment of the National Educational Technology Forum (NETF) to gain advice on the use of technology to improve education, research, development and management.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 6,861 and the death toll to
The house belongs to Smatlang Dkhar which happened last year.
The tournament was organized by the Nongthymmai Cricket Sub-Committee and was held for two days at the Nongthymmai Stadium, Shillong.
According to government sources, these victims were sent from the office of the BDO of Pynursla to the Disaster Management Department.
It is also a party to protect the human rights of the minorities living in India as a whole.
The company says the Kite Patch is a new option, after a number of other products have not worked so far.
The Organizing Committee of the Shilliang Wahshala Local Taxi Drivers and Owners Association (SHDOA) would like to express its gratitude and special thanks to the nine Rangbah Shnongs of this area. who have been ready to cooperate in relation to this issue of road maintenance which like the people of the area themselves have suffered.
Referring to the Lok Sabha MP elections, Alan said the party has not discussed anything yet because it wants to strengthen the MDC elections to be held next year (2024).
It is learned that these people have reached Langkyrdem or Pynursla.
of India has found that the council leaders have been wise in amending the DPR of Iawmusiang. This scheme has been suspended for decades.
This helps to provide vitamins, minerals and antioxidants.
The Committee was set up on July 23 after the Meghalaya High Court issued an order to advise the State Government to take measures to protect the waters, rivers and ponds in the State.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, has expressed its strong opposition to the action of the MDA Government through MeECL, on the increasing supply of electricity to the Umkiang area, which falls under the Bangladesh border.
Shillong, Lber 30 : A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed on Tuesday between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma. Amit Shah on the settlement of the border at Tarabari, Gizanghahim, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pillangkata and Ratachera. It has an area of ​​4.69 sq. km and is located in the area of ​​Upper Tarabari.
The prize money for the winners will be T.2 lakh.
The President of India presented the National Sports and Adventure Awards 2022 at a function held at Rashtrapati Bhavanha on 30th November
Perhaps when I criticize that, you will say that I condemn drug dealers whether it is the police or the Dorbar Shnong and others.
Speaking after the meeting, Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma said that this year, the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana is necessary.
Others earn money by clearing forests and selling trees or tree trunks to mine stone to export to Bangladesh.
Ms Ampareen said it was very painful to see this place especially in this crowded place.
When asked, Syngkon denied that his party is against the Hindi language.
