In 2023, MLA elections will be held in Meghalaya, Tripura and Nagaland.
“Contesting the election is not by force, it is by force and the choice of the people,” she said.
In some countries it has also been found that covering the soil with grass helps to produce more crops.
When the people, in ignorance or deception, vote for leaders who do not have the power to lead and who have never been taught the meaning of the word “service of the people”, then The country is destroyed, the mutlop is destroyed, the bam-klop and the khwan begin to spread, the violence is spreading and gradually these forces of darkness shop the country to Krem Lamet-Krem Latang. .
The management of the MSC (Mediterranean Shipping Company) said that they are still fighting as much as possible to investigate the situation and to release all those who were injured. who were arrested by Iranian authorities at the time.
(RGICL), India's leading insurance services company, has received authorization to implement the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) and Ayushman Bharat. The AB-PMJAY-Phase 6 is the 6th phase of the AB-PMJAY in the state of Meghalaya.
“In different countries and in different religions, the way of worship is used, according to the beliefs of the people and in those places, the indigenous languages ​​are used for purposes. servant of God, but in this country, it is believed that it is only Sanskrit, which is the language of God and that other words are not allowed to be used. Sanskrit, so that the Gods can hear and understand,” said the court.
The four other venues to be included in the list of Khelo India Special Training Centers are Dadra & Nagar Haveli and Daman & Diu, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Assam, while Sikkim will be ready to host the tournament. enter the second case of this scheme.
The karate students who received assistance include Barisha Kharbani, Rebecca Nongspung and Francis Marbaniang.
Image Credit: Indian Football Team.
However, God allowed the astrologers from the east to see a wonderful star over Jerusalem.
Shillong: As part of the information to the public due to the maintenance of the Umiam Bridge, the traffic of vehicles will be only on one side of the bridge, but it was seen that there are other vehicles that take pass, while They were walking on the bridge which caused a heavy traffic jam.
We all know that before we get electricity we have to submit the Patta to MeECL,” said Bah Rani.
Not only that – it is through that experience, when that one has become more rich in life, he can help those others who experience as he does, and it also teaches him to be happy as much as he has. .
The four suspects were identified as Banlambok Shangdiar, Vivell Thabah, Kyntiewborlang Pangniang and Pidysar Pdahsiej.
It is true that the UDP has proposed the name of Bah Jemino in front of its MDA colleagues but many of them have rejected the UDP's proposal. It is the National Party that wants to contest and the BJP in Delhi also wants to contest to see and test its strength in Meghalaya.
Rupang spoke to the Secretary of the UDP Nongkrem, Teiskhem Kharmuki, who formerly held the post of Secretary of the party. They have sent a letter to inform all the villages of Nongkrem constituency especially the villages near Smit that there will be such a meeting. “We will send these letters and we want the village authorities of Smit to conduct the meeting because we don't want to be conducted by people on either side,” he said. or to run it ourselves," he said.
Shillong, July 06: The incident in Jowai in recent days due to the inability to clean up the garbage and waste, has shocked many people that there is an urgent need for a new thinking in relation to the cleanliness of the city. garbage from markets or private homes.
According to sources, it is not known whether anyone was injured in the incident but only the helmets of the policemen were seen. to the street.
“We have received information that there are many groups who have tried to disrupt and obstruct the polling with the intention of disrupting the election,” said the Commissioner & Secretary in-charge of the Election Commission, Bah Jopthiaw Lyngdoh. .
It may be recalled that Bah Omega Myrthong has been missing since 26th June and his head was found on 7th October near Umïam Pond and a day later his hands were found nearby. pond.
Shillong: U BJP Leader Bah Sanbor Shullai on Tuesday said that he expects 20 BJP candidates to win the 2023 MLA elections in Meghalaya.
It is not surprising that many of the shopkeepers and visitors are still waiting to know how the protest will be announced by the Sengbhalang in these days. 'Is there a bandh tomorrow', which shows that they don't expect the bandh to end before the implementation of the ILP. They will continue their protest until the government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Prime Minister agrees to implement the ILP. Jowai, March 4: The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) has announced and invited the public to comment on the Tenancy Bill proposed to be implemented instead of the ILP. He said that the curfew and night curfew called by the civil society has caused huge losses and affected the indigenous traders, contractors and also the households.
The wing struck the ball into the net from Vishal Yadav, but the ball went back into the middle of the field and Silva, who managed to catch the ball without missing anything, scored. throw the ball into the jar.
He also urged the residents of the market to work together with the Market Committee so that the market will improve with the passing of time and for the benefit of the residents. region.
Whiteness, 7
How do you think about the future of Ri Khasi? i want to know in advance.
Kotecha said that while speaking to those who attended the meeting, he said that he himself does not speak English and therefore, he ordered those who do not understand to leave the meeting venue.
It was after a thorough investigation by the police that they were the ones who instigated the incident.
If the allegation is true that MeECL has lost up to 60.70 percent, then it should not hand over to another country, but should sympathize with those who collect electricity bills and have a sympathy. A clear and accurate investigation into whether they threw away this much money or put it in whose pocket and this cannot end like that, by handing it over to someone else and trying to clean the soap. noh itself pat.
When we turn from the Bible to the time of Nehemiah, who was the cupbearer of the king of Persia, we find that this man had a sad face and this sadness was reflected in the king of Persia.
In such areas where light or electricity is used, whether in the city or in the countryside, especially in the kitchen, we watch television and many of us use mobile phones. , computer), especially on the Internet.
Therefore, the youth should avoid such beverages which affect even the mental health, but to eradicate such beverages from the society.
And all the congregation were amazed.
The KSU has also expressed its cooperation with the KSU which has been ready to come forward against the BJP government's plan to ban cow slaughter across the country, said the statement.
At the same time, the Minister said that this decision has been taken as a step for the State to strengthen the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. It is also a way to fulfill the aspirations of the people.
As soon as they are born, these eggs fall to the ground and enter the niamra and change their life and live in the ramew and there they grow for 17 years.
In the first leg, Banchan Suchiang scored the goals in the 9th minute and Jeri Messi Pohdweng in the 20th minute. 44 and Kamjuhi Phawa in the 49th minute.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has introduced eight Bills in the House for discussion. before receiving approval in the Dorbar to be held on the 22nd of this month.
Nongstoiñ, March 21: The name of Mawïamsyiem village is derived from the Garo word Rongthe Raja Krappa, which means the stone where the king lives.
Senior leaders of the CE Union, including Pastors, Elders, Elders, teachers and students from Umdohkha Government LP School, Umdohkha Upper Primary School, which brought heat to the day-long programme.
Syiem recalled that he had visited Sonia Gandhi to discuss the Village Administration Bill (VAB) and she had directed the Prime Minister to send the bill to the Village Administration Bill (VAB). The Governor of the State and the Governor of the area, for approval, send the bill to the Home Ministry.
Pleasure cannot satisfy people at any level, that is why they look for other pleasures that are more powerful and drugs are one of the most powerful weapons and once and it was as if he had thrown himself into the sea.
This refusal has caused discontent and the residents have questioned the Government's commitment to the development of the area, the union said.
In the Group Stage, there will be 37 teams, including teams from Bangladesh, participating for the honor of this tournament.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills (EKH) has announced that shops selling food items will be allowed to open on 8th, 9th and 10th July 2020 as part of the lockdown. Shopkeepers to purchase food items to sell to the people in the villages.
He said that as Meghalaya has been blessed by God with natural resources, it is the duty of everyone to protect and preserve it.
In this school, a water supply system, water treatment plant and waste treatment plant have been installed.
“I don't think a meeting of 200 or 300 people will have the power of the people to declare a candidate in a constituency with 6 lakh voters,” he said.
• There will be cloud cover.
What is worse is that those who hate Jesus and his followers will die quickly as happened to Herod.
Fr.Henrie Warbah SDB Parish Priest Immaculate Conception Parish Mowkyndeng said that the missionary work of the Salesian Fathers and Brothers in Jaintia Hills in the last 100 years has been full of many blessings, challenges and challenges. you are the disciple of God.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has supported the demands of the employees of EMRI 108 before the government.
At the same time, he recalled that the opening of this Community Hall was after the dream of the village for decades, but through his hard work and understanding with the village leaders in which on July 14, 2023 their dream came true.
Then he prays – “Remember not the sins of my youth, nor my transgressions according to thy mercy” (Psalm 25:7).
They can prepare classes in more difficult subjects and have children attend classes at least three times a month.
Shillong, Nailur 27 : The Central Government will allocate about Rs 200 crore to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for development works in the field of sanitation and water supply.
At the end of the day, medals and trophies were awarded to the winners. They are Banrilang Bleine, Wanpliborlang Nongsiej, Abhay Mukharjee, S. Rebecca, Veronica Buhroy, Amalisha N. Sangma, Khrawborlang Jyrwa, Rijun Kharbani Malvin Kurbah, Christina Kharbuli, John Thounaojam,Walsall M Momin, Mawdaker Marwein, Toiaibha Mylliempdah, Da-i-labynta Ryntathiang, Sumita Paul, Sahil Sinha, Lamphrang Mame NR Marak, Davis Bali, Davis Om Bapynkmen Ajar, John Kharshiing, Rajdeep Ghosh, Anjali Singh, Jeremy Nongrum, Marbarisha Mylliempdah, Anthony Lakiang, Shirley Mary Kharbuli, Balarisha Rani, Pynskhem Surong Mathiush Sangma, Bibatdor M Syiem Verisha Maring, Balarishisha Rani.
After you arrive at your destination, you must pay the fee, you can pay by cash or credit/debit card, or by mobile wallet which is the payment you can and through your mobile.
“We cannot do anything secretly in the middle of the night,” he said.
The work of Capt.
“As a party, we want all the facts to be revealed and the National Human Rights Commission or Meghalaya State Human Rights Commission should investigate,” the statement said.
However, through these holidays, they are able to renew these relationships and allow them to improve in friendship. Some ways in which friendship can be improved – Expressions of kindness; Many people are overwhelmed by the stress of trying to buy meaningful gifts for their friends.
I'm going around the crowd, Riewheh riewhain only wants to rhah;
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng, 29: The Sohkhyllam Youth Service (SSSS) in collaboration with NYK's Nongstoiñ has celebrated the Constitution Day of India. , where the program was held at Sohkhyllam Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
Community fire control practices are widespread in various parts of India including the Uttar Kannada district of Karnataka.
Kyntiew Shaphrang HSS opened the scoring first but Pomlum HSS turned the tide in the same second half.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Sohiong constituency, Bah Samlin Malngiang, said that in the last elections, there were political parties that had rejected the NPP, but as soon as they cast their votes. Now they have joined the NPP to join the government.
The ACB raided the residence of Karadu Narasimha Reddy, 55, who works as a signboard in the Deputy Transport Commissioner's department. in Nellore, 50.36 acres of farmland, which he bought in the name of his family members, gold worth 2 kilos and silver worth 7 kilos, police said.
Because of the presence of these trees, which is very useful through these flowers, fish, lizards, birds and wild animals eat well especially the fruit of this Tyrkhum tree.
The new office bearers include Moslandar Marngar President, Shootingstar Nongsiej General Secretary, Rinaldi Kharbani Chief Youth Organizer and one of the prominent filmmakers of the region. and other members of the party.
Sheen Sohktung of Umiam United was awarded the Man of the Match, Erick Nongkhlaw of Umiam United was awarded the Best Goal Keeper. Laban SC and Player of the Tournament went to Shanbor Jyrwa of Umiam United.
The inspection was led by Siril Langte, Vice President and Orisstar Langte, General Secretary of KSU Ranikor Circle. Circuit Television (CCTV) of State Bank of India, Ranikor Branch where there was a storm of people who were shocked to see and even the security guard of the bank was almost beaten by the people. .
The CSIR's idea seems to have received widespread support for reducing carbon dioxide emissions by reducing environmental pollution, which cometh out of the wife's clothes.
The Office Order for the use of fertilizers was in some farmland due to the need for crops such as rice, sohsaw, kubi, phul and others which are commonly grown in the State.
The closing ceremony will be attended by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency and the Chief Guest will be Bah Carness Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency.
Tirot Singh was arrested by the government after a long struggle on 13th July 1933 and taken to Dhaka for imprisonment.
Omechan will help to deliver goods to improve the livelihood of entrepreneurs in urban, suburban and rural areas,” said Russel Nongrum.
However, while they were in Meghalaya, no one came to visit them and they lived in their own fields.
" I don't want to talk to Kmie.
The cost of vehicles for Secretary, Deputy Commissioner and IGP will now be T.9 lakh, T.7.5 lakh for Heads of Department and T.7 lakh for District Officers.
Buy ORS (Oral Rehydration Solution) from your health care provider or pharmacy.
Thus, the development of the vegetable industry relies on other allied enterprises such as storage, processing, marketing and maintenance and service enterprises to promote jhur cultivation.
Ranveer, who has been rejected from several films, feels that he really needs to focus on his career and wants to fulfill his dream of becoming a successful film star again.
He said that the most urgent need of the village is the bridge.
The purchase is part of the Rs 1.44 crore purchase of medicines under the NRHM for women suffering from anemia which includes those who are pregnant from 2011 to
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that the meeting was held on the basis that the government has issued various articles such as 1983 and 1987, which stated that all the land under the British Government is Government land.
The meeting was attended by the Garo Students Union (GSU) Ara Donga Unit, Mother Union Aradonga, Rangbah Shnong of Aradonga, Rangbah Shnong of Umsheke, Lynggam. The Indigenous Federation, FKJGP, HANM, HNYF, WKSU, KSU and others have decided to oppose the government's plan to set up camps and will write to the Prime Minister and Minister of Home Affairs on this.
Four seriously injured identified as Balina Sangma, 15, Sanjit Hajong, 22, Dominic Sangma, 40 and Brahma, 45, were taken to William Nagar Civil Hospital by 108 Emergency Service Ambulance. Williamnagar.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: Since the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) held a public meeting at Laban Square on the 29th of this year, the venue has been closed. In front of the Civil Hospital, Shillong, such an incident has occurred again today during a public march called by the Rangbah Shnong.
Jowai, June 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jowai Circle today closed down the Toll Gate office of the Highways Authority of India (NHAI) at Pasyih. -Stay and allow vehicles to pass without paying until the message is written at dusk.
The origin of the cultivation of rynsun has not been found.
In his speech in July 2019, Shylla said, “When Purno A Sangma was Prime Minister in the past, I was the one who proposed to be Purno A Sangma's Prime Minister”. Bah Shylla added, “But these children don't know anything.
Therefore, there are many rural villages who misunderstand that when the Presbyterian or Catholic religion enters the village, others are no longer allowed to build churches.
The school was built by the Special Purpose Vehicle Society (SVPS), a committee set up to speed up agriculture, education, health and other schemes. , which is located in the area of ​​Lafarge-Umiam Mining Pvt.
Khasi Students Union, Khanduli-Umshangiar Unit, on 27th July, 2021, under the leadership of the President of the Unit Tynshain Krem together with Saikial Sumer (Secretary of the KSU Lapangap Unit) Jio Telecom should request and demand from it to provide 24 hour network for the convenience of the people in the border areas.
This can only be achieved if we have visionary leaders who have a vision for the future of the country, otherwise it will be difficult for us as we move forward.
Even when he was arrested by the French army, he did not surrender.
Hamletson, who is also a former leader of the KSU, said that as a nation, we should not sit back but fight for the future.
It was witnessed that the police were busy arranging the vehicles.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Ferdinald Kharkamni President of KSU NKHD said that the KSU NKHD congratulates the government for taking the initiative to resolve the border issue. Many of the areas of the state have fallen under Assam because the state government through the Regional Committee has been appointed without consulting the Raid leaders, Hima to verify through documents and However, even the villages which have no border dispute and are known to be the villages of Meghalaya have been decided to be destroyed.
It is also unfortunate for the pedestrians if the relevant authorities from the Hima Mylliem, District Council, Municipal and District authorities do not take immediate action on this traffic jam starting from Iewduh.
Pringchang N Sangma won the bronze medal in the men's High Jump, after climbing a height of 1.78M to take third place.
The UN World Food Program has reported that Chad has a large number of refugees, especially in parts of West and Central Africa. Sudan is not married.
And those who were left behind had to leave their homes when their fathers died.
Mawrie said these photographs are from
When asked by HYC President Macdonald Mawa, what is the relationship between these people and the MLA of Shella when they dared to take over his house to lead to shoot the child, he said that he was just tip that they are the people who campaigned for Dr.Don.
There are cases where young people from the North East have been discriminated against or discriminated against because they are different from other ethnic groups.
“The land owners and the CCIB have not received any information about this action of the District Council but through the RTI received on 13.09.2021 we have found that the District Council has revived the NOC which it issued in 2015 and canceled in 2017 and this year 2021 the District Council has revived this NOC without public notice and without the knowledge of the MDCs of the area and this was done only by the Executive. The JHADC committee,” said Bah Myrshiang.
Conrad, who was re-elected as South Tura MLA and National President of the NPP, has been elected as the Leader of the Parliamentary Party of the NPP MLAs. The BJP has two MLAs, two independent MLAs and two HSPDP MLAs to form a new government.
“As part of the efforts to get the bailight, the Corporation has taken a decision to stop supplying electricity to them because they have not paid,” he said.
The bridge over the Ganga River was supposed to connect Khagaria district and Bhagalpur.
It is also true that the lack of roads and highways has caused problems to the residents of these villages in Narpuh district. Indeed, there is a hanging bridge on the Lukha River. They used to walk to the national highway, but during the rainy season, when the Lukha River is flooded, the water covers and flows to the footbridge, so the people have no way to walk even though they try to walk. the foot of the car also in the rainy season when there is no rain.
You can sponsor high level candidates to help buy votes.
This will apply only to commercial vehicles traveling to Khyndai Lad and Motphran while all vehicles must be equipped with HSRP. Earlier, the taxi drivers held a public meeting at Madan Malki. They strongly condemned the order issued by the District Chief, saying that this is an attempt to steal the income of the drivers.
As soon as the earthquake struck, the Minister immediately stood up from his seat, in the presence of Roshan Warjri, Minister of Home Affairs.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has informed that the curfew announced on 24/03/2020 will continue until 28/3/2
Speaking to reporters, GK Ìangrai said that his arrest was due to the involvement of some high-level police forces along with some wealthy people.
What is more surprising is that according to the letter sent by the Principal of KV NEHU to the students of the school regarding the payment of tuition fees, he has stated in those letters that this is through Deputy Commissioner, KVS, R/O, Guwahati on 1st June
The program is aimed at ensuring that hospitals are prepared to provide medical treatment in the event of unexpected natural disasters.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad K Sangma congratulated all the winners and said that it is necessary to celebrate the victory and awards that have been brought to the state.
Every night after 10 o'clock he works by repairing the smuk he bought at the price of 0.8 anna and dir again after he has finished building at the price of 5 tyngka. period.
Speaking to media, Rymbui said the government itself has already made it clear that it cannot do anything on the demands of the adhoc teachers.
Furthermore, they can book a ticket at a higher price but will receive a discount of 5000 tyngka.
The four selected candidates are from Shella.
Therefore, let us live a life of fragrance because the Word of God calls us to be the fragrance of Christ and this can be found in Paul's letter to the Corinthians “For we for we are unto God a sweet savor of Christ, in them that are saved, and in them that perish" (II Corinthians 2:15).
The coming forward to arrest these members of the UALA will be a sign that peace has begun to return to Garo Hills.
“It is necessary to correct and address the shortcomings, I don't want to blame, or to blame myself or condemn others, but in fact, maybe the Government has not been well prepared in the past,” he said. to Mr. Adelbert.
“I beg the government to help me especially I have been waiting for my father's needs because I am not physically strong enough,” she said.
God did not give man the authority to hold the authority to allow the Jews or Israel to command the construction of the Temple.
Two months ago, Kiang Nongbah College, which is also located in Jowai, invited the VPP MLAs for a graduation day.
Kynjailin Sohtun scored in the 6th minute and Phibashida Lyngdoh in the 23rd minute.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Secretary, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, witnessed the closing ceremony of the Behdienkhlam festival of the Seiñraij Ïalong on the 10th of this month.
In my view, foremost should not depend on wealth, intelligence or what they have gone through professionally and I don't mean that wealth and intelligence are unimportant, but foremost a He/she must have a sense of responsibility for the country and the nation and then follow other requirements.
The seized goods were handed over to the customs authorities for further investigation.
Speaking at the meeting, ANM from Samasi Sub Centre, Letmon Paslein, who was awarded the title of Florence Nightingale in 2021, said that she and Agnes Syrti, who is also a The ANM of Samasi Sub Center used to go to help those in need and said, “Although the government has ordered that all pregnant women should go to hospitals, PHCs or Sub-Centres. but there are many who cannot do that because of poverty, and when we have been trained, we have to know and we have to do, this is one of the preaching works that bring good to the society. be healthy, especially in the rural areas we often find and we find that if people say that they don't have money it is true that they don't have money because of poverty, they can't reach their mothers “If they call us to accompany them and when they need help we help them,” she said. “I believe that God will give us more strength to serve the community in “This is the work we are doing,” said Ms Leitmon Pasleiñ and encouraged other ANMs to do better and to volunteer for the betterment of the villages.
This long period is called the Grace Period, a time when God truly loves people and gives them time to repent and preach His Word to people. all different.
The reply of Bah Sadon also shows that he does not want to criticize the arrest of Bah Bless as the members of the party have already explained that not everyone knows anything about the actions of Bah Bless.
Naik said that if anyone does not trust, they can appeal to the High Court to demand their opinion if they feel that the last election was not clean.
West, who is a well-known rapper, is worth $6.6 billion and is currently in the process of divorcing Kim Kardashian.
Out of the 10 elections he has contested since independence, Salseng has won seven times and lost three times to Timothy Shira (NCP) who is now Deputy Speaker.
“To bring about successful projects in any field, what is needed is the cooperation of all parties whether from the public or even from within the Civil Hospital as a whole,” said Bah Lambok.
Alongside advances in technology and activity monitoring, authorities are adopting tools to enhance working practices to control wildfires.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Wanseng Jyrwa and teacher M.Nongkynrih who congratulated Bah PT Sawkmie, former MLA for this recognition. school from time to time and that the school stands as it is today is due to his participation.
The union also urged that the construction of the Ïawmusiang building complex should start as the revised estimate has already been prepared, as it is also a trusted market and employs hundreds of people. more than 600 vendors and will also bring benefits to the people.
However, after the protest and raising of flags from the residents of three villages including Mynnar Nongbah, Nongsier and Nongthymmai on the suspicion that it was the Syiem who dug the murok hill.
This diversion of money and the rapid increase in the wealth of a few while the number of poor has increased is something that we need to think carefully about.
The presence of Beta-Carotene in dhania leaves can help protect against other diseases that can affect the eyes and also help in improving eyesight.
On the other hand, the Branch Manager also promised to manage and organize such employees.
Mawkyrwat, July 06: Two villages in South West Khasi Hills District in these days have faced many problems regarding the supply of drinking water through the pipes installed in the area. release water or platform due to poor drainage pipes.
Kong I Khymdeit, Leader of the Seng Kynthei Shnong Mawlong Nongtluh, said that as women, they have faced many difficulties in their journey to serve the community, but they have not He did not hesitate to continue working for the welfare and development of the community and especially within the village.
The tournament will be inaugurated by Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister of Sports, Government of Meghalaya as the Chief Guest. special guest.
The 24th Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12-Daloi Convention will be held in Rangad for the next four days as part of the efforts to curb the spread of COVID-1
The Prime Minister said that there are many states in our country, there are many places where people preserve their customs and traditions.
They also said that they will fight against the BJP's scientific tactics to discriminate against their fellow citizens.
Therefore, even while I am writing this article, the DC offices in various Districts have been conducting training and instructions on how to prepare the Reservation Roster in each State Government office.
He said, “And they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another; because thou knewest not the time of thy visitation” (Luke 19:28-44).
SHADRAK, MESHACH & Abednego believed and trusted completely in the God they served.
O Myntri Rangbah, does that mean that it is enough if we Khasi and Jaintia have to cut each other from 40%, besides the long tyrsim of 'four years in this policy; Where else is the future of intellectuals and intellectuals from poor families because we cannot say that many of those who work in the government in this age are only in the hands of these 'lei sansem' and who truly deserves it at all times.
“Through this project, it will help the state to increase electricity generation from 354.7 MW to 356.2 MW and this project alone will inject 11 million units per annum,” said Bah Tiewsoh.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that he has called a meeting to discuss the state of peace and order.
He was sentenced to five years imprisonment and a fine of T.5 lakh.
A candidate who is only interested in winning cannot give up as long as he has the hope of winning as a leader of the people.
About 11 candidates have registered for the post of Sirdar of Nongjri Elaka.
Among the 20 children and youth who took part in the tournament, Ryan Mukhim, 6 years old, won the title of Youngest Athlete. or the lympung.
The DC of WKH, Bah S.Kharlyngdoh, who was the chief guest, the organizers of the festival, the Mawphanlur Village Authority and others were also present. .
This work is very important.
He said that the objection of some of them is that they misunderstand what the government intends, because the government itself has clarified that it has nothing to do with the mining of uranium, but the intention of the government. The road should be for the benefit of the people, for the poor and needy of the area.
They demanded that the DC should remove the Assam police who have been deployed to patrol Khanduli village because if the KAAC toll gate is removed, peace will return to the area.
Shallang Police have arrested this man for his involvement in helping the kiengbatiar group and also for helping to hide the firearms seized by the police along with witnesses. spirit and that Independent witnesses.
Shillong: U Bah Charlie Rani, President of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM), on Tuesday said that they have met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong to demand that the government should provide The registration of land on the border.
Silda and Agnes were friends.
New Delhi: As India celebrates Girl Child Day on July 24, 2021, superstitious parents of two girls from Alekhya, 27, and Sai Divya, residents of Shivanagar Colony of Ankishettipalle village in Madanpalleki block, have been killed in the murder of their daughters, Alekhya, 27, and Sai Divya. who was 22 years old.
He remained in the army for 4 years.
The committee will collect information on the total amount of coal extracted within 10 days and calculate its value.
To establish an Arts and Culture Committee to promote and promote Arts, Culture and Music within the Constituency.
Furthermore, the party will hold a meeting this month to discuss this issue.
Besides, no other Minister of the Meghalaya Government has ever visited the area before, especially to provide such benefits to the people.
Gentiles are people who eat and do not count the flesh of four-legged animals.
She said that the protests against the incident on social media were encouraged by the leaders of the Khasi District Council. but they are the righteous.
If you are wrong, you will be punished.
Rechekitbok Pale- Commercial Pilot, 2
One of the passengers of the e-rickshaw, who sustained serious injuries, was taken to Guwahati Medical College Hospital.
The illegal dumping of mawria without work has angered the residents of Mawkyrwat, Ranikor and Mawsynram areas as these mawria which were dug last year have disappeared and now the season is approaching. The mountains came down.
Therefore, in this regard, the party will continue to carry out this work until it is completed and the income will reach the government.
Before closing the programme, the Sub Inspector, Bah RB Swer, led the reading of the Pledge to say 'No to drugs' and never to get involved in drugs. , the pledge was attended by the people who attended the meeting including school children.
The other 15 players from this set, failed to score even after three attempts.
Speaking to media, Rymbui said that the state government has appointed Peter S Dkhar, retired IAS as the ksiang to lead the state government. Retired IPS AK Mishra, Advisor NE, Ministry of Home Affairs, will be the representative of the Government of India.
The cost of one meter to purchase and install in households is about 9444.44 Tyngka which has been set by the Company excluding taxes.
I looked up into the sky, that is, from my seat, it was clean, even though the cloud carrying blue and blue water had begun to move east to east.
From Jaintia Hills, coal mining has spread to West Khasi Hills and Garo Hills.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by Paiem Dr Balajied Sing Syiem, Syiem of Khyrim Hima, Bah Ronnie Wahlang, BDO Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, leaders of these two VECs. , village leaders and employees of the scheme together with the villagers.
The largest oil production is in the Middle East.
After this, Rgh Dipshon L Nongbri, President Seng Khasi Mawlai, took the part to lead the prayer. When they arrived at the lympung, before the start of the shad, they received a thank you from the Seng house with the sound of the ksing. Committee of Tymmen U San which was followed by a performance in all the nine skits.
This article explains why you should exercise and how it benefits you.
“We don't know where the political situation in the state will lead, but with the rise of the Trinamool Congress Party (TMC) and the formation of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), they will join the party. “The 2023 election will have a serious impact on the vote share in 2023,” said Bah Lanong.
The body of Leiyaton Soro, 27, of Chingjaroi village, Ukhul district, Manipur, was found by a nurse at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
The Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Operators Association, in a statement sent by Bah Augustine Shanpru, expressed its deep sorrow over the suspension of these vehicles. trucks, which leave the State, shall provide the necessary documents relating to the registration of the goods inside the vehicle, but if they do not provide these documents, the you have to pay a fine, at a very high price.
The suspended officers include Director of Inquiry and Prosecution Bah J. Rymmai, a former IPS officer, along with Inquiry-cum-Investigating Officers Bah RPde and Anil K. Sangma.
How many shall be written upon the stones the birds and the beasts that shall die.
This was done in accordance with the Office Order No.
Why do the Khasi Himas still exist even though they have signed the Instrument of Accession (IOA) like other Himas and many have signed the Instrument of Merger? The three reasons which can be clearly seen and understood are that the Khasi Hima have used their strength and intelligence, that they have not signed that treaty to destroy the country. Hima (The Instrument of Merger).
The relief operation was conducted in the worst affected areas of Garo Hills, namely Siju, Mahadew, Maheskola and surrounding areas.
In the current IPL, Shubman scored 101 off 58 balls against Sunrisers Hyderabad to set the record. don't be afraid of your sport.
"We appeal to the ethnic parties whether in any constituency whether they have hope for the PDF to win, whether it is the HSPDP or the VPP," he said. said Mr. Kurbah.
He said that since 1992 until now, the school has many needs and improvements as the school has not received any assistance from the leaders except for one scheme given by the MLA. He passed away from Laban Constituency in Shillong.
The seven machine operators belong to Natmal Sharma, a coal trader who used to trade from Nangalbibra to Jogigopa in Goalpara district of Assam.
Rijiju arrived by helicopter at 8:30 pm today and conducted an inspection and inquiry on the curfew and only after 11:30 pm, he left. no military ship.
In the past, we used to live a dignified life, but now we live in poverty and we urge the Government to take action on our demand to provide us with a pension so that we can live without hurting our children and The President of MRDTA appealed to the Government.
A total of 11 people were killed in the incident, including Aboh's son, who died shortly after the shooting.
“Bah Shanbor Shullai and Bah AL Hek do not have the authority to appoint Rangbah Shnong, if we look at the rules and regulations, therefore the KHADC should ask for clarification from these two MLAs on the authority. The Working President of KHNAM-CEC said in a statement sent to the media on Friday.
“The party has quickly formed 12 refugees and we don't know how to send our documents, so we have decided from the party to come and lodge a petition against them. I'm not going to leave the party,” she said.
Earlier, the price of fruit was increased from 50 tyngka to 10 tyngka in 2007 and before that, the price of fruit increased from 25 tyngka to 50 tyngka. it was in the year
Various programs such as running, food show, flower show and many other programs including musical performances were also held during the celebration.
Four candidates including the incumbent MDC, LG Nongsiej from the HSPDP, Gabriel Wahlang from the Congress, Apsharailang Syiem from the NPP and Bah Tonington Tyrsa candidate of the UDP and according to public sources, the contest in Nongstoiñ is between the Congress candidate and the NPP candidate. There were 8525 male and 8525 female voters while the total turnout was 13755 or 79.056%.
Whether it is the largest churches such as the Catholic Church or the Protestant churches, the largest church in Khasiland is the Presbyterian Church which came first from Wales until now. it was difficult to remove from the minds of the believers.
The AMAUPSTA teachers under the leadership of Bah BR Thabah have demanded from the Prime Minister that the government should count the salary increase from November 2016 like the adhoc secondary and higher secondary teachers.
Shillong, July 18: The Congress party today turned to the RBI office to express its opposition to the new currency exchange rate across the country and the problems faced by the people. this is the reason.
Shillong: The Chief Forest Officers of the three District Councils have met with the KHADC, JHADC and GHADCha offices. Victor Ranee said that the CFOs of the three District Councils have met today to discuss the central government's plan to bring about the transformation of the Indian Forest. Act and on the initiative of the Central Government and also set up a special committee to look into the Act.
The HYC Leader said that it is the duty of the police to come and control the clashes among the people in Umwali and this arrival of the troops shows their violence and evil intentions. soldiers or men who commanded them.
I'm from the house of Kong Bait Shiwat (mother).
Furthermore, after the sum, the body turns white and tyrkhong, it is believed that there is no reaction.
We live on this earth which is under heaven and everything that happens is planned by God.
“You don't have to use your mobile phone, Bah,” said Rangsan.
We have to be ready to accept the suggestions of tourists so that we can further develop tourism in this state, as this is a very important employment opportunity.
In fact, the previous Congress government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma, had decided to build and run the Shillong Medical College in PPP mode while the Tura Medical College had been built and operated in PPP mode. However, the government has decided to change this, but the Cabinet will take a decision on this.
The export of sugar has also opened up opportunities for sugar companies to spend the remaining products where the difficulty in completing this has previously hampered the release of funds to sugar mills and delayed payments. to the farmers.
“It is necessary to explain and challenge by the court the work that the government should do. This shows the weakness of the government and it also shows its unwillingness to work for the people,” he said. “It is unfortunate that the Court will have to order that after the elections the Harijans should be relocated to better places,” he said.
When she reached the market, she went on her own way.
Don't be proud and proud that you have a lot of land, one day your land will no longer be yours if we don't surprise people quickly.
The MDCs said that the EVMs can be easily stolen and referred to the incident in the recent elections in the state and the PIL filed by Janata Party President Subramaniam Swamy in the Supreme Court. Court.
Shillong, July 24: The Dolloi, Sirdarships and Council of Nokmas will meet with the Dolloi, Lyngdoh, Pator, Rangbah Kur and members of the Dorbar. District, Rangbah Shnong, Longkmie, Youth, Dolloi and Sirdarship, Jaintia Hills on 26th July (Monday) at 11 am at the office of Village Court, Jowai District, Loompyrdi, Iongpiah, Jowai .
Those returning from Shillong and other vehicles traveling on National Highway 44 will enter from Lad Mukhla Road and park their vehicles at the places before reaching the venue.
Deepak said that according to his findings, the children who came to be trained are very good at fighting from 5 years old to 12 years old. and men and their ability to swim is very important because in such a sport the sailors must be skilled in swimming.
More than 6,000 students have been forced to leave their homes following the clashes and bloodshed in the state education department. state of Manipur.
The joy of faith spreads to others as Pope Francis said in his letter. “The wise men brought three gifts: gold, frankincense and myrrh. to Jesus as King, God and to foretell his suffering,” said the high priest and added, “What shall we give him? Let us make Him truly King in our homes, let us accept Him as our God and let us reject others who make us believe that we belong to Jesus and let us accept the sufferings we will face in you are alive.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh has received a briefing on the current situation regarding the COVID-19 pandemic on 21st November
“It will be like a nightmare if the CLP leader agrees to contest from Tura because we need to win,” she said.
They also expressed their surprise to see that some shops have been allowed to open but many have been closed.
Perhaps there is no problem in saying that I don't know how to speak my own language, but first of all it is my own heart and soul, when my soul is strong and full that I am a full Khasi, There is nothing wrong with not knowing how to speak my own language, how much more that human knowledge that has entered my mind cannot be cleansed until I forget to speak my own language. you language.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 11: The Nongstoiñ Assembly Youth Congress (NCYC) will hold a ceremony to award the best students in the 2023 Class X and Class XII examinations. The whole village of Nongstoiñ Constituency.
He said that the communication industry is undergoing rapid changes and that there are also challenges such as fake news, adding that because of this, the communication industry should be easy to change as seen during the Anurag Singh Thakur has praised the IIS officers for taking steps to bring about changes such as the Fact Check Unit to prevent false news and the steps to open up those who have disabilities and other people.
Shillong, Naiwieng: Erini Decruse Dhar, son of Remelbar Decruse and Erbatemon J Dhar, has received the Ph.D.
Shillong: The Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) on Tuesday clarified that the signage on the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border will be from zero line. You don't have faith in your opposition to the Shiah sign, you don't have the government.
Among those poor youths, not many of them have land, farms and fields sufficient to farm, but they are not willing to engage in this work because they say that it is not a job that can increase income and dignity.
May the love of God be with Dr Sailo, and may the peace of God surround his soul as it is now to rest forever in the grace of God.
Ma Ngahiwot Khonglah, 78, is from Sohkha, War Jaintia Hills.
Now let us look at some of the more grounded and true: Since ancient times, the Nongjrong and Labang Nangphyllut have lived in this place since ancient times. They have received their own gods such as Blai Langdoh, Chaiyumphe, Mynkhri, Myntruiñ and others.
Appreciating the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court directing the Chief Secretary and Director General of Police (DGP) to arrest all those involved in illegal coal mining in the state, Bah Speaking to media, Hek said the MDA government has failed in its working methods because the marketing of coal has been controlled by high levels.
In school children, police or soldiers, there is no talk without discipline.
“On the other hand, the Naga Hoho has expressed its strong opposition to the proposed implementation of the UCC Act. The purpose of introducing the UCC Act is to implement India's richness in culture, tradition, ethnic groups, language and way of life.
The union has confirmed that the government should test the magi food sold in the state first in Guwahati or Kolkata.
To eradicate this evil habit, it is up to each and every citizen to take responsibility for themselves, to understand that in order to have a beautiful and clean environment, the It is necessary to refrain from destroying or burning the mountains and forests.
These leading workers are health workers known as ASHAs who are small workers, but who are willing to donate blood to visit and help people affected by the disease. COVID-19 pandemic across households and slungs even though their income is only 10 million.
We read this in the Gospel of Mark 4:35-41, we see about the disciples, when a great storm arose and the storm surged against them, so that the boat in which they were sailing was about to sink. And they came quickly unto him, and healed him in the hinder part of the ship: and he arose, and rebuked the wind, and the raging of the water: and they ceased, and there was a calm. eh, says the Word of God.
Bah Pyngrope was shot dead while leaving his house with his wife to go to Mawlyngngot market.
Shillong: The Delimitation Committee (DC) set up by the KHADC on Thursday urged the people to attend the meetings to explain to the public regarding the proposal to divide the constituencies under the KHADC. Members of the committee said this while talking to the media to inform the dates and dates of the public hearings which will start from this month.
After a while, Wanmi Lamare came into the house and without saying anything, took a strong knife and tied him from the head and body until he died.
“Oh, you're here.
One foreign worker has died while two others who were with him were injured in an attack by unidentified robbers on 10th June, part of Mawlai Village, Shillong.
This age has shaped Jesus, His teachings and preaching and also the people who met Him. It cannot be said that Jesus was talking about eternal life, the kingdom of God and the kingdom of Heaven.
He said that in these years when the Congress rule in the state has not done any development projects in Mawsynram constituency especially in the border areas where non-Khasis live, he urged the people to vote if the BJP comes to power. will introduce development schemes for the area.
“Before the end of this year or the end of December I will release you and I am sure to get you because I have lost my will to my Khasi friends,” said Bah.
He said that this school is a school that has allowed poor and rich families to study in this school and this school has been able to show itself by the good pass of the students. examinations and this is the hard work of the teachers.
Be self-controlled, disciplined, and firm in the foundation.
The changes in the environment in these days have caused all living things to become extinct and all these disasters are due to the destruction of mankind, so he urged not only those who have participated in the “It's a good idea to have a clean slate to protect the environment,” said Bah S.Budnah.
Davinson Sanchez scored in the 33rd minute, Christian Eriksen in the 63rd minute and Son Heung Min in the 63rd minute. Jamie Vardy scored for Leicester City in the 91st minute.
This letter was launched by Rev Dr. HCT Sumer (Former Senior Executive Secretary KJP Synod Mihngi).
It is learned that at the time of the opening of the Sem Masi, the cows were robbed and it was at that time that the villagers saw the thieves and immediately called the village where the VDP members. One of the six persons was arrested.
Israel, which is not much larger than Meghalaya and 65 percent of Israel's land area, has a strong economy.
He said the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma who is also the President of the National People's Party (NPP) should explain to the public what the NPP's decision is on the CAA
At 10:30 pm, Rev.KP Masharing took the part of distributing the Word of God, while at 1:30 pm, the part of preaching the Word of God was taken by Rev.KP Masharing. Blei, Rev.WK Hujon, took the lead in explaining to the faithful of the Presbyterian Church, who attended the Youth Synod Service.
The Chief Minister said this while addressing the opening ceremony of the 2nd Northeast Olympic Games 2022 to be held in the state from 10th to 16th November .
During the programme, Sarma also launched the Registration Portal.
Although it has been almost four months since the incident, many of those present have not forgotten what happened in Mukroh which is still cold.
Nios Sport Club scored 98 runs for the loss of all wickets in 9 overs.
IMPHAL: A woman has died after being injected with Covishield in Thoubal district of Manipur today.
Shillong, Nailar, 10: The State Government has allocated T.16.92 crore for the first phase to assist 6,000 pig farmers in the state. the whole state.
He said that this allegation by Bah Samlin shows that he is not yet a leader in the politics because in his speech in Sohiong there is nothing he said to change the government if the UDP candidate wins. Titos said that if Bah Synshar wins, there will be many changes in the party, from the strength of the party, and it will encourage the 11 MLAs of the UDP. “I have many ideas, and Bah Samlin should not misunderstand my speech,” he said.
On the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) between the UDP and HSPDP, Alan said the RDA is only an agreement between the UDP and the HSPDP. The RDA has said that the MDC elections will go smoothly, but the HSPDP will not field candidates in the strongholds of the UDP and the UDP will not field candidates in the strongholds of the HSPDP. The HSPDP did not strengthen the RDA before the last MLA elections, but strengthened it again after the elections after the UDP failed to lead the national government.
The author of the book "The Power of Faith" concludes with the prayer "Thy will be done"
Regarding the Facebook account link of Damu Aryal Upadhya, one of the office bearers of Hyc War Jaintia urged the police department to track through the Facebook account of Damu Aryal Upadhya. You can get your address, and through tracking your address you can easily arrest that person.
Other ministers will visit the district headquarters, sub-divisions and administrative units.
Some of these winners had left for their own journey, but the three continued their journey until they reached Laitkor where Juh Pa Juh Nongtdu had left with his brothers. his students and the accompanying crowd.
According to the school authorities, the school has celebrated the National Science Day as part of the efforts to encourage the students to participate in science education.
“We will continue to conduct inspections in these days and we will ensure that they follow the rules when doing business,” said Bah Sohphoh.
“When I went to the police station, I saw that he was arrested and asked them why.
The KSU has strongly warned against those people who are willing to smuggle and allow the authorities to enter illegally without proper documents.
New Delhi: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi is likely to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Wayanad constituency in Kerala if the party in Kerala decides to do so. He said that he will contest from this constituency.
On the 28th of October, Jimmy Kyndait of Moorap was arrested.
Shillong: The Independent MLA of Nongkrem, Bah Lambor Malngiang, will hold a meeting on the 16th of this month to decide whether to contest the MDC election from Nongkrem.
Speaking on the occasion, u Samla Pynshai Rani once again congratulated the youth and the marynthing for their success in the good deeds for the nation. Dress code is a tool to show the uniqueness of the nation because the dignity, manners and dignity of our nation shows the dress code because if we lose the color of the world it means that we beat the rympei of our own which my mother and father Thawlang have given us from the beginning of the day"
I am sure they can reach the semi finals and qualify for the U-17 World Cup for India.
It is for this reason that its principles have been introduced and understood from an early age from home, school, community, church, community groups, workplace, especially in the games.
Warning those involved in the party not to interfere in the work of the party, Bah David said, “If they want to form a party, they should create a new one and not misuse the party. our organization.
In relation to coal, the government has deceived the people by promising during the elections to release coal within three months if it comes to power, but till now the government has not formulated a mining policy to to reopen the coal mine.
God used Nehemiah, and He will use the people who fear Him in our country.
Speaking to one of the media outlets, the Prime Minister said, “I would be disappointed if they accuse me personally of the Rafale, or should I meet the needs of the country?” Modi's speech focused on the invasion of Indian troops into Pakistan, which was an order issued by himself, and then on the Ram temple, where he said the decision would come through the order of the court.
Akash took a wicket in the seventh over and Nagaland were 52/2 up by 52/2, but the last eight wickets were lost and they were able to score only 52 runs. Praise goes to Ram and Lerry Sangma, who managed not to drop the ball during the catch.
Speech was also delivered by Hameshaniah Suiam International Kick Boxing, Raja Langstang, while the meeting was conducted by Rinibeth Patlong Program Manager MCSWA. Tracking in the morning and born fire in the evening among others.
He said that all the vehicles carrying coal have to follow the rules and regulations issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare before entering the state.
According to police sources, the man named Sengjon Ch Sangma, 25, shot dead his mother and tried to kill her.
In a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, VPP General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon said that the VPP is deeply saddened by the death of the party. What happened in Manipur especially to know that many residents of Manipur have become refugees to live in Meghalaya.
During the investigation, he confessed that Francis Pondit R. Sangma, who lost the election, had ordered him to distribute the forms for assistance from the SRWP and other schemes with my picture on the form and each application form shall be submitted for up to T.` 1,50,000/-.
The World Health Organization on Thursday warned that the Israeli-Hamas fighting has severely affected the healthcare system in Gaza and about 36 hospitals in Gaza have been closed. which have ceased operations since the outbreak of the war between Israel and Hamas.
“Now they come to ask us what we are doing with the ILP and it is this government that has taken the decision to demand the ILP and we are monitoring this,” he said.
Although the two leaders did not speak clearly in these days, but the confirmation of this will be after the filing of nominations and the date has been set by the party.
It also includes the ability to manage and understand how to use one's own needs.
“For the sake of the people, we have to not allow the government to do anything but to improve because if this road is not repaired during the rainy season, we have to improve it. “The rainy season will come in a few months and the PWD will find out again and the people will fall into the disaster from now on,” said Bah Dkhar.
We cannot allow it to stay in the air and therefore, we have decided together with various groups, to close it down but we will do this after consultation with various groups regarding the rules of engagement," he added.
Meanwhile, Wailadmiki Shylla MLA Jowai on Friday distributed foodgrains to 10 villages in his constituency.
In Haryana, the number of members is 90 and 46 members are needed to rule the state.
I don't need a rep.
“We are very sorry that the authorities have not responded to our demand.
In the third match, Luti Tuber Ïalong won the match through Denis Mulieh who scored in the 36th minute.
At the same time, the union expresses its gratitude to the Downtown Hospital for the ability to provide medicines and treatment which has made the program run smoothly and smoothly until the end. The Downtown Hospital is grateful to the Downtown Hospital for providing a special Crad to the patients, where the hospital will charge up to 10% discount if they go for treatment or treatment at the hospital. the provision of accommodation.
On the other hand, the officers of the Forest Department in Meghalaya could not arrest these trucks as the Meghalaya Forest Regulation Act has not authorized them.
Nongpoh: Due to the lack of attention by the Electricity Department to repair the electricity posts in Umsehkhlieng village, the residents of Umsehkhlieng village have been unable to repair them themselves. to stand firmly supported by trees and shrubs.
He then fought and advocated for the rights of day laborers in the workplace and preached against the slave trade.
This program is part of the implementation of the National Livestock Mission 2017-1
In this regard, the relevant authorities have urged the people to participate in the public awareness campaign for the use of plastic.
What is the purpose behind the Karbi when after a few days of peace, they started again to disrupt the migration of people from Lapangap village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam? Lapangap u Bah Deimonmi Lyngdoh said that on Saturday, women from Lapangap village were shot dead by a bird shooter while they were in the field.
The department, which displayed the information on its website, did not give any reason why it has postponed the distribution of these application forms to various police applicants.
Trees should also be planted on hills or among trees because trees not only absorb rainwater but their leaf-mould helps to stabilize, improve and fertilize the soil. .
“The T.500 and T.1000 notes will become worthless notes and these notes should be returned to banks or post offices by 30th November, Modi said.
Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev on Tuesday said his country has gained sovereignty over Nagorno-Karabakh after Armenian troops were ready to surrender and agreed to surrender. all armor and ammunition on the next day of the campaign.
Police and NDRF are searching for the body of the drowned man.
In order to produce or produce meat from the feed for pigs in a more profitable manner, it is necessary to adequately clean the feed symbols and also to feed them in the following manner:-.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government should not surrender to the Assam government regarding the border issue, on Tuesday.
The public is requested to be vigilant to avoid any accidents and to take care of themselves from any objects that can cause injury such as lyngkhot tree branches, tin sheets, orpait sticks. , tin lyngkhot, sign boards and others which can fly around due to the strong wind and cause injury to the people.
He said that farmers can earn a good income if they take advantage of this.
Earlier, the Dorbar discussed the decision of the Supreme Court of the country (Arts.342-16-13) 2006 which talks about the loss of the rights of the tribals if they marry Dkhars.
They shot and beat the husband of Kong Klorida, Bah Diretsing Disiar and robbed T.30,0
Dulong won 1-0 against Sailung Ialong.
This was the challenge faced by the Hospital in the beginning and Dr Roberts also acknowledged this in his speech at the meeting of the British Assam Medical Mission, Assam Branch in
This is that you may be at peace with my soul and yours.
Six hundred years ago, in October 1924, a Christian poet from India, Sadhu Sundar Singh, came on a pilgrimage to the Khasi Hills.
He also alleged that the voters, especially the Garo and foreigners, will not vote for these two parties.
“Wherever we go (to contest) please remember that we will win those seats,” Sangma told reporters.
“I never tire of working for the development of the country and your encouragement strengthens my desire to bring about change,” he said.
“Even when I tried to talk to the policeman to release the driver of the vehicle to leave the house, he said that the driver of the vehicle could not be released,” said the Chairman. “This policeman has also replied by saying, 'Go and lodge a complaint with the DC or any higher authority. also the driver and the Kali.
Foreigners are exempt from this Act where they can trade without a trading license.
According to her, his mother, Kong Pher Rani, was also involved in this care and inherited it from him.
In the past 10 and a half months, it has been witnessed that the enthusiasm of the people who went to accompany their candidates in the registration process at the Returning Officers to ensure that they will contest the MLA election 2023, has strengthened. to the parties, whether small parties, large parties and even independent candidates.
He said that the decision taken today should be acceptable to both states and will not affect the feelings of the residents of both states (Assam or Meghalaya). .
Union Home Minister MJ Akbar has resigned from his post today after several allegations of sexual harassment against him.
Replying to a question by James K Sangma in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul said, “The government has not given the name of Times Square but the proposal to make it Times Square Polo Market, is to make the people understand that we will build this place which will attract the people,” said Dr Mukul.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Tens of thousands of people from all over Khasi and Jaintia Hills today held a climb to the top of Lum Sohbet Bneng at Umiam, Ri-Bhoi District.
Those with diseases such as hypertension, diabetes, kidneys and others should take precautions in advance if they get a cold.
He said that if there are Kur Sengs and through the strong working of the Kur Sengs, the Kur Ka Jait will have responsibility for their Kurs and if the Kur Sengs are strong there will be no Khasi to collect. Because the kur and the jait shall have the right to see if anyone among the kur and jait suffers and reaches the border to fall.
Bah Dlingshon Marweiñ from Markasa, Bah JR Ïawphniaw from Marngor, expressed the same view that the government's focus only on office workers by increasing their salaries from time to time, shows that It is clear that you have a strong sense of responsibility towards the farmers.
Also present on the occasion were Superintendent of Police, BJ Laloo, MPS, Deputy Superintendent of Police, WL Nongpluh and other government officials of the PWD department. (Roads).
“Without the people's protest, don't expect the Congress party to solve the problems of the people by itself,” said Bah Ardent.
How long will this continue? How long will we allow this incident to continue?” asked the Chairman of NESO. On the other hand, KSU Leader Lambokstarwell Marngar said, “This action of the Indian government is forcing. to suspect that it has ulterior motives to exterminate the indigenous groups of the North East.
He said that the FKJGP strongly condemns the people of Assam especially the forest employee who has harassed and threatened the Sordar of the village not to steal his mobile phone. and the Seng cannot accept such barbaric acts of them.
We should not wait until something happens because it will put people's lives at risk.
Anahat, 15, is the youngest athlete in the country to win a medal at the Games in Hangzhou while Jaggy Shivdasani, 65, made history by winning a medal.
Dr. Kharlukhi was one of the leaders of the All Party Hill Leaders' Conference (APHLC) which is a political party that has been at the forefront of the struggle for the independence of Meghalaya.
Also present on the occasion were the office bearers of FKJGP Mawlai Circle including Bah Khrawkupar Nongsiej President, Bah VP Lyngdoh General Secretary, teachers, school children and the public.
Before the meeting at 12 noon there will be a traditional song and dance competition by the school children, a Penalty Shoot-out and a song by the famous patriotic musicians of our State. I'm from Shillong.
After the departure of Foreign Minister AK Abdul Momen to India, Bangladesh Home Minister Asadurzzaman Khan also refused to come to Shillong, even though he was supposed to come on his own.
These trees were planted in the Barak Valley by people who came from Bangladesh to settle there.
They also directed him to meet with these leaders in Jowai on the 6th of this month to resolve the matter and gave him time to pay the money by the 9th of this month.
When asked why the government has evicted them, the shopkeepers said they don't know, but the Forest Department officials who came to evict them said that the government intends to Build an Eco Park in this area.
According to the information received by the union at Shillong Press Club, there are 38 peons in the district council and out of these 38 peons, only 11 or 12 have completed the examination. Furthermore, the Public Information Act stipulates that employees holding the rank of Superintendent, Many of the Supervisors have completed their Matriculation degree, while those who hold higher positions such as Secretary to the Executive Committee, Joint Secretary to the Executive Committee are still studying at PU. still studying for BA and have not yet graduated.
He also recalled the difficulties faced by the KSU during the struggle against the CAA where the KSU lost a strong member in Ichamati in
“If you look at education, we are the last and unfortunately as a state that has turned 50 years old, we don't have even a university run by the state government,” she said.
“The National People's Party (NPP) will also remove the tickets of the three incumbent MLAs who won the elections in Meghalaya. year 2018.
The categories include singles and doubles for men.
Jowai, Lber 30 : The Kiang Nangbah Government College Students' Union (KNGCSU) Jowai on Tuesday met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to remind him of the demands of the Union. the Government in relation to the urgent needs of the College.
We must not allow society to be biased.
People are hurt and their humanity is wounded in different ways.
On the Republic Day 26/01/23, it was even worse, until passenger vehicles had difficulty passing because it felt like they were going to be hit.
Phidalia Toi resigned from her teaching job and joined the Jaintia Welfare Union (JWU).
Other programs were held on the same day including a fete, a song contest and a Miss and Mr Nongthymmai contest.
These devotees attended the religious ceremony at the Gurdwara Darbar Sahib, Kartarpur, which was held on 14th June
These include EGH: 4, EKH: 26, RBD: 5, WGH: 1 and WJH:
It is learned that the fire was extinguished by the hard work and assistance of the residents, because until the arrival of the fire brigade, the residents were able to extinguish the fire which started to burn to the ground. other neighboring houses.
US President Joe Biden on Wednesday held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin and ordered Russia to withdraw from the Ukrainian border.
The audit report was submitted by the Secretary.
Speaking to media, Charles Pyngrope said that the completion of the bridge has been delayed due to the outbreak of COVID-1 the bridge is expected to be open and in use by October 2022.
Ma Tonroy said that the Dorbar Shnong from time to time holds meetings to maintain peace and order and to discuss the development works of the village and does not use force or violate the rights of the residents.
What do they do when they open the office every day, they just come to make bills.
That means we will soon be out of the pandemic.
Sangma said there has been a discussion on the state of peace and order in the state on the issue raised by the opposition on the removal of Lamphrang on the sixth floor. and others.
Jowai, July 08: One of the NGOs 'Khooid Ya ka Wah Myntdu' (KWM) after seizing trucks and JCBs quarrying stone from Wah Myntdu last night will be held on November 18,
The Lions, who won the toss, allowed Ummulong to tied first and Ummulong lost all 10 wickets in 17.4 overs and set a target of 97 runs.
In fact, according to the information received, the Visitor of NEHU has not issued any order to Prof. SM Sungoh as alleged by the VC, and even if there is such an order, that order is Prof. Sungoh himself as a member of the EC. What happened to Prof. Sungoh is that Prof. SK Srivastava sent a letter to the Executive Council of NEHU. which alleged that she did not comply with the orders of the authorities and in this letter was also placed in her personal file.
At the same time, Dr Jemino urged the people of the state especially from Khasi and Jaintia to take part in the general meeting of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS) to be held tomorrow to raise the demand for the recognition of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS). the Khasi language in the fifth schedule of the Constitution.
In June 1984, Lalduhoma was elected President of the Congress party in Mizoram, and in the Lok Sabha elections in November 1984, he was elected without having to contest against anyone. .
Shillong, June 11: Five civil society organizations from Ri-Bhoi District have said that the Meghalaya Calchem ​​Industries Limited (MPI) at Sohpdok village in Mawhati Constituency has not received authorization from the government through the Meghalaya State Pollution Department. Control Board shall not operate in this area.
He said that the lack of shawkads and gates has caused a lot of trouble to the residents and has caused a great loss to the children who are still in the pre primary stage.
Once you have lost your life, you are ready to lose it.
On the road, the trucks feel like royalty and drive as they please.
Without wasting time, countries with similar objectives should move forward and work together using different experiences and as Prime Minister Duh said, “We should not work alone.
Because it is said that the holy holiday of Muslims could start on the 10th or 11th of October, and therefore it is said that the United States, like Qatar in the past few days, has already to speak and insist on the same subject.
It is learned that the road leading to Umsaliang village, has been completely blocked due to the collapse of many trees in the sudden storm.
but this year it has increased to 1150/- tyngka.
Denying many of the allegations against him, Paul Lyngdoh said it was just a political move to defame him.
The Inspector General of BSF Meghalaya, after revealing the facts of the incident, promised at the meeting that the BSF stands firm for the security of the country despite the challenges.
When asked whether there is a possibility for the Nongkhlaw Kur to take back the land, he said that it would be impossible because according to the soskular, if there is a possibility to take back the land, the households and the the price of the building shall be according to their value.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Four GNLA cadres were arrested by the police on Monday.
The union expects the government to take action to address this issue.
The leaders of these four parties said that they joined the Congress because they see that the candidate of the party is more proficient and intelligent and has the hope of winning.
Furthermore, regarding those who came from Laitumkhrah, how can they be transferred to the IGP to send them on foot to Motphran and Khyndailad?
“However, even in the midst of this growth of the world of knowledge, the essence of any nation survives and stands strong if its members remember their stones which are the blood vessels of the nation,” he added.
Speaking at the rally, Gandhi slammed the BJP, saying, “The reason I came here is because of the ideology and belief of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and especially the Rashtriya. The Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) is trying to attack and destroy culture, customs, religion, and I have come here to tell you that we stand with you in this struggle.
The Chief Whip of the Opposition suggested that there should be a strong understanding on the part of the Government to ensure that the authorities against the entry of foreigners fulfill their duties properly.
Skhemlang Suba finished in 1.59.14 seconds.
The IG said that immediately after the incident, security personnel were sent to search the area to track down the robbers.
He also spoke about the brief history of Sohra.
Meanwhile, James Sangma, brother of Conrad, who was present with Kohli, said that Mukul Sangma could not answer the question asked by the NPP candidate and instead of answering, he forgot. “We don't contest elections to divide the nation,” said James, who congratulated Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the BJP party who strongly support Conrad.
Triphi Pala, the owner of the man, lodged a complaint with the police and according to her complaint, on the 30th at 7:30pm while her husband was coming to the field, when she arrived at the house, Chen Langshiang of the same village was seriously injured and was taken to Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital Jowai for treatment.
“If you have thrown the ground, we too will begin to throw the ground.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare also said that the public should refrain from public gatherings such as workshops, training, markets and tourist attractions.
He said that they have received an allocation of Rs 3.34 crore for the construction of the road from 12 Mer to Mylliem Mawkhar – Maweitnai.
It is the biggest opportunity for players like me.
Chinese government officials have found that the outbreak of the coronavirus is due to the sale of dozens of wild slaves in various markets in China. person.
The yatra will be led by Congress leader Rahul Gandhi and will start from Kanya Kumari and end in Kashmir. it shall be held for 150 days.
When the violence resumed in Sambalpur in Odisha, the district authorities imposed an indefinite curfew.
On the other hand, Mukul said it is surprising that this issue has reached the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The influx of refugees from East Pakistan occurred in 1971 during the Bangladesh Liberation War in which India assisted the country's armed forces in the war against the rebels. Pakistan to gain independence.
Shillong: The KHNAM Youth Wing, in a statement issued today, said that it has received information that many other ethnic groups from the northern states of India are trying to settle in the state. Meghalaya.
The Dean of the hospital said the 12 children who died included six males and six females.
During the election campaign in Ichamati, Conrad urged the residents to support the UDP candidate. He said the NPP has decided to support the UDP candidate to honor him. The meeting was attended by the late Dr Donkupar Roy, who was also the founder of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government.
On the order of the Assam government to seek detailed information on the presence of Christians, churches and preachers who have converted, he said the Assam government should not do so as it is against the Constitution of the country. which allows all to worship freely (Secular), so he not only condemns this but also demands that this law should be repealed immediately.
Our youngsters watch the songs of others but they forget our native voice, they have started to forget all this.
Humans can get the disease through touching or biting these animals.
She said that the purpose of the celebration was achieved with the cooperation of the teachers who have already been trained at the centre.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Meghalaya Joint Council of Trade Unions (MJCTU)) has celebrated the 128th International Trade Union Day on the 1st of this month. 1st June in Shillong on Monday.
Have we not the people who have chosen these things for ourselves? They have spread themselves from generation to generation.
As far as possible, we should encourage and support our own farmers so that they can earn and help to expand their business.
Speaking to media, Vikash Gupta and Pares, Vice President of the Shillong Cantonment Board, admitted that the army has violated Section 258 of the Penal Code. to walk the streets of military bases.
Otherwise, I don't have the hope of being able to do anything.
Blah said the government wants to start the implementation from next month but it has been discussed to select some Dorbar Shnongs first, not all the Dorbar Shnongs. collection of bins is pinned and requires a lot of resources from physical, financial and others.
Thus, God looked again at the people who had sinned and punished them by burning fire from heaven on all the people of Sodom and Gomorrah (Gen. 19:24-29).
He urged India, which is rich in resources and has a harmonious environment, to accept the cultivation of sandalwood trees as a way to sustainable income.
“From time to time, the delay in the payment of salaries to SSA teachers has been more severe compared to the previous Government.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Pastor Hynniewta said that he is very happy that God has opened the way for him to release this precious book which Bah Kynpham has published. package in history you write you read.
Shylla also criticized John's demand for the Asam Accord and said the District Council wants to take the census year from
Residents or tourists on these highways have been advised not to stay on the roads at the foot of the hilly areas in case of landslides or rockfalls,” he said. The Head of State in charge of the implementation of this section.
However, it was through his work in a restaurant that he met a friend to play football from the village.
Returning to the second half, both teams struggled to score.
He added that the Commission will first write to all those officers whether they wish to take over the post and after that, the government will hold a meeting to take a decision to select one from among those who wish to take over the post. task.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkasiang, Bah Tishalding Kharkongor, Pro Vice Chancellor, Dr. DD Bhattacharya, Village Officers and led by the Secretary Shnong, Bah W. Chyne. .
Jowai, Nai Tung 19: The driver of a Bolero Pickup No. ML04B-4089 left home to go to Jaintia Cement, East Jaintia Hills but did not return home.
In the Lok Sabha elections in 2024, the NDA's vote share will exceed 50% as the parties in the coalition are working hard, he added.
Also present and accompanied by Pastor BS Dkhar Executive Secretary Nongkhlaw Presbytery, Pastor GML Mawlot, Executive Secretary Nongkhlaw Presbytery, Office Bearers of the Presbytery Youth Assembly, Tymmenbasan Nongkhlaw Presbyterian Church and Bah Gabriel Wahlang. MDC of Nongstoiñ Constituency.
Bah Banshai Marbaniang also urged the State Government authorities to look into the cleanliness of other public places such as Police Bazar, Motphran and other places. the needs of the people who live every day.
He scored his 200th goal for Real Madrid on 8 January in a 6–2 victory over Málaga in 197 appearances.
The stadium, which can accommodate about 9,500 spectators, opened on 16 November
The State has the capacity to generate about 3000 MW, but only 378 MW has been generated and 3 MW is under construction by the State Power Generation Corporation Limited. According to the policy, there is an increase in the generation of electricity through lyer or wind power projects across the country. country where operations through these projects will reach 44.73 GW by November
Shillong, June 26: The 21st century is the era of the end of the Indian National Congress (INC) in India and its last breath will be in the 2018 MLA elections in Meghalaya.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has donated rice and other items to the poor and needy families due to the lockdown. eat.
At the meeting of the party, Bah Wellbirth Rani, who is also the president of the party, said that the party can no longer listen to the government's inaction and has decided therefore, I will not show you my works.
The two men were on their way to Nongpoh, but when they reached the scene, they collided with the back of the truck. These two men were not seriously injured.
By receiving this award, these entrepreneurs will receive a cash prize of T.5 lakh to build houses to operate and to train other talented people in the area.
The BJP has decided to immediately expel KC Boro, former MLA and Minister from Garo Hills, after he strongly threatened to lodge a complaint or demand immediate relief. against the President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie.
However, he said that the residents of the village have been surprised that the police have done the best, and they are surprised that their village is the cleanest of all the villages. in the Pynursla Block.
Shillong, October 26: The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof P Shukla, on Tuesday said that the issue of identity is very serious.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Thursday held its first Executive Committee meeting and will present the full budget, said CEM Teiñwell Dkhar.
The most urgent needs are the government's assistance to pay the salaries of teachers at Jihon Syiem Secondary High School, PHC, Umkor to reach all the households, the road from Seinduli to Nonglang, to complete the The road from Seinduli to Umshynrut-Photjalei to Nonglyngdoh.
In the third match, Superor Ryngkhlem scored the goals in the 31st minute and Dame Dkhar in the 20th minute. 59.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the CM CARE program will be implemented in 2022 and will benefit 77,000 senior citizens, 46,000 dependent women. (single mothers) and 40,000 for people with disabilities.
He said that as it has been seen, if one party comes to talk, another comes out. He said that Sohan D Shira was one of those who came to talk when he was with the ANVC but later he left. become one dangerous outlaw to return to the forest to fight the government.
In West Jaintia Hills, Sniawbhalang Dhar was elected as the Chairperson, while the members were Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs, Comingone Ymbon, MLA, Raliang Constituency. , Ma Nujorki Sungoh, MLA, Mowkaiaw Constituency, Ma Thombor Shiwat, CEM, JHADC, Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District Member Convenor.
The union hopes that the current DC will implement the NGT order before the rainy season.
The principal informed the union that the school has an agreement with HB Textiles (School Uniform Embroidery Dealership) to supply school uniforms to the students. H.B.Textiles has sent a notice to the Assembly to collect all the sweaters of the children who have printing errors. The principal said that the school is incorrectly printed in the size 26 and 38 and not all the students and the principal said that the school as a whole is sorry for the incorrect printing of the name of the village. Mawlai because this mistake has affected the school and the village of Mawlai as a whole and she said that the school has taken action and that this should not happen again in the future.
The village authorities hold programs in the village to talk and discuss with the unemployed youth how to get jobs and how to stand on their own feet by inviting others who are skilled to Give advice to the youth of the village.
New Delhi: So far, 48 people have been infected with the Delta Plus variant of the coronavirus after 45,000,000 tests have been conducted.
Sangma said that in the past few months, the Government has completed the recruitment of 996 Policemen, only to be sent to the Border Outposts. to be completed and currently remain empty.
This fight against corruption should be a strong fight especially before and during the election so that the rest of the people understand what corruption is.
The withdrawal of money by the employees of the Bank Nongkyngdong, came to light today, after several youths from the area, led by Bah Sylvanus Mallai, at the They had to inquire from the employees of the bank, after receiving a complaint from the public, regarding the exploitation by the employees of the bank.
There are two houses in Mawprem and Rynjah worth T.25 lakh and T.35 lakh respectively.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of SNSBH, Bah RL Blah, said that the union has also expressed its disapproval of the introduction of Gram Sabhas in the rural areas to run the My Village My Development scheme. Plan because it has passed the village elders.
In the current construction budget, the house has been increased from 20 square meters to 25 square metres, and the budget has been increased from T.70 or T.75 thousand. in the construction of a house, to T.1.20 to T.1.30 lakh for the construction of a house and then another T.12,000, for the construction of a toilet and then allowed to work to 95 days under the MGNREGA scheme and this will generate T.18,000 for the construction of their houses.
The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) under the leadership of Namphrangmi L Talang, General Secretary together with members including S Biam and W Syrti led by The Executive Engineer, MePDCL, Khliehriat Division has demanded the replacement of the post lights in Natbor village which have almost collapsed.
The people of Manipur paid tribute to the martyrs on the occasion of the Manipuri Patriots Day on Sunday at a function held at Manipuri Rajbari, Shillong.
"Lanosha asked again. "Yes, that's why I'll talk to you..." Kongthei replied. "I don't want to know, Kongthei, so that you can talk freely about these things..." Lanosha replied. I was surprised how Bah Deng would do that.
On the performance of the MDA government, Dr War said, “The government for the last five years is MDA government but now I think it is a DAM government.
He urged the teachers to give their best to prepare them for the future of their lives.
“There are nine zones, but so far we have received a census from only three zones,” said Bah Chyne.
Jowai, July 24 : North Liberty Higher Secondary School Jowai has qualified for the final of all three events in the Under-14 boys and Under-17 boys and girls categories of the Inter School Subroto Cup. The Football Tournament-2022 will be held tomorrow at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Akshay Kumar is the spokesperson of the Swachh Bharat Mission.
Now they produce thousands of thousands of rupees a year from Mawshun.
The Deputy Commissioner through this statement also requests all Rangbah Shnongs to implement the CCMC/Behavioral Management Teams in the blocks and villages for the enforcement of the rules related to Covid-1 .
The most sad thing is the statement of these principals:- Every three months Hindutva and Jews (who still believe in Judaism) meet in Tel Aviv and Delhi.
“It is surprising that the staff at MIMT ask for original certificates like ST, ATM, PAN Card and I understand now it is just a ploy to force the students to stay in the school.
These include 25 airports in Chennai, Bhopal, Varanasi and Vadodara, 40 railway stations, 15 stadiums and many other projects for four years. for four consecutive years, from 2022 to
In the Ñiamtre children, the Ñiam is divided into two parts.
Just look at the statements of those we call “leaders".
In South Garo Hills, 37 cases have been reported, of which 3 are undergoing treatment and 34 have recovered.
Thus, the French, who had brought the Bengali or Assamese Babu to do forty kinds of work, settled them in Laban.
Earlier, the management of the government hospital had announced that it has suspended the admission of maternity services at the hospital until the repairs are completed.
“We have already allocated funds for the year 2017-18 to purchase M-Tabs to distribute to Class XII students,” he said.
The KSU today held a sit-in in front of the Additional Secretariat to protest against the persecution of the Khasi living on the border with Assam.
The Director General of Assam Police, Bhaskar Jyoti Mahanta, has tested positive for COVID-1
“On our part, we want the Minister of Home Affairs to invite us to meet him, not until after the puja, but this month when he comes back. from Delhi," he said.
After 10 inheritances, this is no longer their Self Acquired property, it becomes the Ancestral Property or the property of the Nongtymmen which will pass back to the youngest child as is the custom today.
Sending a statement to all the politicians who will take part in the meeting of political parties convened by the MDA government tomorrow to discuss the Roster System, the KSU said, “The The Roster System as shown is due to the order of the High Court of Meghalaya to the State Government.
Ukit Uriah, one of the leaders of the AAP Meghalaya, said that it is the AAP whose working methods will bring back the pure era from the present era.
He also warned that this ban on mining and shyiap will gradually affect the development works of the Government departments as the transportation of stone and shyiap has declined.
Shillong, July 12: Today is the World Day Against Child Labour, and in Shillong, the children of domestic workers have also celebrated this day. day by strongly opposing the discrimination against girls when they go to work in the household.
According to the explanation last year by the project implementer, the water shortage is due to the lack of a place to drain the water during the rainy season. .
“It is a great step to involve the youth of Jowai,” said Bah Risly Passah, Chairman (Sports) of Chutwakhu Sports Club.
It is worth mentioning that the Rangbah Shnongs have put forward 7 demands from the government but out of these 7 demands, the government has completed one of them, the implementation of the Ordinance
Replying to the complaint of the opposition members on the non-payment of salaries of SSA teachers in the state, Bah Lahkmen said the government has taken this opportunity to pay their salaries. teachers among other needs.
“So far, there are more than 3 crore drug addicts across India and in Meghalaya alone there are more than 2 lakh drug addicts,” said Dr. Bishnoi. “If we don't have that cooperation to eradicate these alcoholic beverages, it is a threat to many families and also to the society,” he added.
“It is not only our Children's Home, other Children's Homes for Women are also facing the same problem.
“If Assam is affected gradually, other parts of the North East will be affected.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Three people, including a woman, have died and their bodies have been found from the building under construction of the Institute of Science and Bio Resource (ISBR) in Umsawli village. on Sunday evening.
At a Cabinet meeting, Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma said that the 12 public colleges will be funded by the government.
We are confident that we will get the district without fail but as our honorable Prime Minister has said, it is only a reason to block the road.
The Knockout Football Tournament 2022 was inaugurated by Sounder Strong Cajee as the chief guest in the presence of Commander Shangpliang, Wallambok Nongsiej, Chairman of the Youth Union. Shiliang Youth Organization (SSSSSUZS), Bah M.Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Union of Youth Organizations (SSSSSUZS) and other dignitaries.
In the women's final, it was really beautiful where both sides played well without giving up and the match ended without a goal.
In Mawphlang, the house was inaugurated by the MLA of the area who is also the Minister of State, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
The deadline for submission of nominations is 30th June 2016, where each candidate must submit only one form.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Minister of Information and Technology, AL Hek said that the state government has prepared about 24,000 mobile tablets for the distribution to 24,000 Class XII students in the state. whole.
Tura started to lose six wickets for 82 runs before Manish Sharma (25 runs) and Aniket Basfor (21 runs) added 43 runs for the loss of nine wickets. .
It also shows your weakness.
The new cases include 70 cases from East Khasi Hills, 53 from West Garo Hills, 15 from Ri Bhoi, 6 from North Garo Hills, 4 from North Garo Hills, 13 from West Jaintia Hills and East Jaintia Hills. 4, Eastern West Khasi Hills 6, South Garo Hills 7, West Khasi Hills 1 and East Garo Hills
Because as it has been seen, no country has ever prosecuted violators of the law in connection with the trafficking or involvement in the trafficking of cannabis. Various departments have tried their best to persuade the Singapore authorities to take another decision and stop the attempt to hang the perpetrator but Singapore has not silenced them. but she took the decision into her own hands and went forward to fulfill what she had planned for all these years.
It can be said that from this small fire, the demand to leave Assam (not because of the Assam Official Language Act; the Assam Official Language Act was passed in 1960) was ignited. and that demand was made public through the Election Symbol in
A few months after taking over to conduct the investigation, the SIT team verified that the implementation was going on in terms of conducting detailed investigation into the existence of illegal activities arising out of ownership claims on the ground or on the ground.
He said that these two roads in Mawhati area are essential for the safety of the people to facilitate their travel especially those who are sick and difficult to take to hospitals as well as students. , and due to the excessive deterioration of the road which can also lead to tragic incidents as these roads are now filled with snow.
It is learned that Company YFC, through the permission of the owner of this land, Bah Honsen Lyngdoh, has quarried stone from this land and before quarrying this stone they have cleaned it first in this river. and this too has caused the filling of the river with soil, shyiap and stone and trees in this river.
He said the PMEGP combines two schemes, the Prime Minister's Rojgar Yojana (PMRY) and the Rural Employment Generation Program (REGP).
Why does the electricity department sleep lyngngai even after the loss of Rs 10 crore per month,” he said.
The Rozgar Mela will be held at 46 venues across the country.
On the Congress' demand to remove Bah Dasakhiat Lamare as Minister of PWD (Building) and also to take action against the Executive Engineer of PWD (Building), the Prime Minister said, “Politics is right. how".
“What do you want to do?” said the father.
The KSU has demanded an immediate stop to the plan to import 30 trucks of coal from outside the state and if these trucks continue the KSU will take other measures to force the government to stop this plan. my purpose.
These Chief Executive Members of these villages have arrived at the Secretariat together with the MDC from the area, Bah Bajop Pyngrope to urge the state government to ensure that the Langpih Sector will fall under Meghalaya.
Keinnoh said that there is no place in RI.
They were immediately arrested and are now in judicial custody.
It is alleged that the riots in the village have been caused by the politicians who want to take advantage of themselves although the residents have expressed that they have lost confidence in the former Rangbah Shnong.
Marsien said this and the Kongthei turned around and said, “Oh, you're going to go.
The story of the hospital is the service and dedication of the staff for the health of the residents, especially for the poor and the needy.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, KSU, has launched a rally for 10 hours.
“Regarding the vacancy of the post of Syiem of the Hima and after the completion of the list of voters on 11.01.2023, the Returning Officer has called for the registration of candidates who are eligible to stand as candidates. elected as the full king of the Hima Mylliem.
H.Mylliemngapxiv.
“I have just retired as a Government Employee and what I have learned from my job, I want to bring into politics to make the State a beautiful place as I fought for from the beginning”.
From the age of 14 years onwards, mothers have prepared their jainkyrshah for their daughters to wear in their homes as their honor from head to toe.
Ribhoi College, Albert Sngi Lyngdoh, the wife of the late Fr. Sngi, Ferdinand Kharkamni, President KSU NKHD and others.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has demanded that the government should amend the Minor Mineral Concession Rule (MMCR) shyiap quarrymen small stone quarrymen so that they can work and dig using only tyrnem and shniah.
It is to be recalled that the KSU Huroi from time to time demands to relocate the BSF gate at Sonapyrdi because they are harassing the tourists and residents of the India-Bangladesh border villages.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Meghalaya has expressed its gratitude to the people of India for their support to Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the last elections.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 24: Since the government has not recognized synsar as an agricultural commodity, West Khasi Hills has become a strong synsar producing district.
According to the order, the District Magistrate has also imposed restrictions on the passage of vehicles on the bridge, on foot and in small boats across the rivers.
Apparently, one person died in a house fire in the area on April 14, 2023.
KSU Narpuh Circle sends its condolences to the family members of (L) Chiang Dhar of Umkiang Village, Narpuh District who was killed by Bangladeshis on the 6th of this month. The KSU said that according to the information of the villagers, these two villagers, Bah Chiang Dhar from Umkiang and Rahul Pohtam from Lumsoski, were arrested. Rahul Pohtam escaped and Chiang Dhar was shot dead by Bangladeshis who came to steal kwai. They were shot dead by Bangladeshis. enemy with the sword and he died.
They also said that there are many villages in Mawhati Constituency, which are far from Umsning Block, where some village leaders have to walk hundreds of kilometers. eh the expenses of such village leaders.
Shillong: U Lum Kyllang is a mountain that stands tall with ancient stories to fight against Lum Symper to this day, at a height of about 500 metres.
The State Government in collaboration with the Prime Minister's Office, DG Assam Rifles, Ministry of Civil Aviation and private aircraft, has taken all necessary measures to ensure the safety of the residents. villages of the State when these ships come.
Prestone said the government cannot just watch the situation in KHADC, because the government knows that the agitation of the MDCs will continue if the rule of law cannot be brought about. Shillong: U Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, founder of the Revolution 'Iada La Ka Ri', on Tuesday said that the public meeting 'Iada La Ka Ri' will be suspended temporarily. as part of the prevention of the spread of Corona Virus in the state.
Shillong, November 27: Many candidates of the HSPDP have vowed to replace their leader in the place of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit following the defeat of Bah Ardent in Nongkrem and Bah KP Pangniang in Nongkrem constituency. Rambrai constituency where the party has not done anything wrong.
“We have demanded the ILP, we have demanded the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule, we have demanded economic development and we have also demanded to give our own Cadet, but until now we didn't," he said.
However, u Bah Pakyntein and his team went to investigate the shop and the owner of the shop sent a letter to them that on that day he did not sell up to 5000 shuki and did not sell to the shop. Chairman of the Implementation Committee 18 West Shillong as shown in the cash memo.
The fire brigade and the residents of the market have rushed out to extinguish the fire, but it is difficult to extinguish the flames which have spread to many shops in the market. other.
The third temple will be the third temple that the Jews or Israelites have longed to build on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem.
“This will also help the graduates and the unemployed,” said the DC. At the same time, he thanked the Chief Minister's Office for allocating funds to implement this project. you have benefited many.
They say that once the religion, customs and traditions die, that nation also becomes a dead nation.
At the opening ceremony, the KSU members who were present at the scene, also conducted a search operation on many commercial vehicles. also to deport many foreigners who intend to enter the state, as they cannot produce proper documents to prove that they are permanent citizens of India.
Khliehriat, July 11: U Aibok Phawa, a hotel owned by Hamris Pakem, has inaugurated the Rizwan Hotel and Restaurant in Khliehriat East. This hotel is located in the center of Khliehriat and will provide great convenience to travelers who need overnight accommodation and food.
When asked why the police have to be suspended, Pariat said it is possible to suspend the police if the Chief Secretary of Assam comes to Shillong. He added that the responsibility will be on the state government.
These days, not only the most vulnerable children can touch and use these devices especially mobile phones and computers but even those street children are able to play in cyber cafes. and spend time and money to play because it's fun, but this is just a hobby because they can't learn anything to benefit them except from the children of men Even the rich have all the necessities and the children nowadays are able to use mobile phones, tablets, computers and others.
In India, the NSCN was formed by the signing of the Shillong Accord 1975, and the ULFA emerged in a fierce protest in Assam (1979-85) in response to the plight of the Assamese people.
“The Rangbah Shnong, Bah PD Nongrum, has urged the residents to be vigilant in the village to curb crime.
However, this year's tournament has allowed 24-year-old players to compete due to the suspension of the tournament once due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in China last year.
The last goal was scored by the captain of the team Daphishisha Syngkli in the 52nd minute.
The 12 most important issues are that the KHADC is against the extension of the public hearing for any work to be implemented in the KHADC areas from 30 days to 20 days to inform the public. EIA, 2020 should not affect the land use.
The NDPPLP of the 14th Legislative Assembly of Nagaland has elected Neiphiu Rio as its leader. he shall lead the new government.
“I have been in the political arena since 2023.
South West Khasi Hills has 12 cases, 12 cases in Mawlangwir, 60 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 15 cases in ILI, 7 cases in Moosyiem, 15 cases in Mynska. people in Saturday.
Those letters were received by the state government before the High Court heard the cases related to the illegal mining and trade of coal.
There were two bottles of beer in the bag.
The Pyndenumïong branch is one of the few branches in the Mairang area which has joined the Seng Kmie after the arrangement was made to take over the lyngkor of the Seng Kur Warjri. local area.
It makes those who don't know happy.
Neelam Roy was the leader of the bowlers with 2/1
The CEM said that the money itself cannot be misdirected anywhere.
Shekhawat held several meetings to review the works along with visits to the states of the region to expedite the implementation.
He said that since the establishment of the district council, the powers of Rangbah Shnongs and Syiems have been looked after by the Sixth Scheduled but now the government has decided to abolish them completely by knieh. to the district council.
The program was inaugurated by the President of the Par-umkhen Youth Welfare Organization (PYWO) EG War, who was also the resource person.
The serial stars Sourabh Raj Jain and Rohit Roy.
They asked for the sniuh of the women to take some from each woman.
The union said that their work is more than 8 hours and is no longer part-time and has exceeded 8 hours.
They swear by putting their hands on the ground.
Furthermore, here in Rikhasi-Pnar, especially in the urban and suburban areas, the way of building houses is very rude and unfair.
The HPC has appealed to the Supreme Court against the request of the Shillong Municipal Board to take into account the number of residents in the area. and directed the HPC to cooperate with the State Government.
However, because he is a Forced Pastor who is forced by unemployment, he does not have the ability to preach in church.
In the 35+ Men's Double, Rimilan Passah and Dau Ru Laloo defeated Damehi Kyndiah and Marbiangki Bareh 21-19 and 21-1
The suspect was also arrested at the same place while he was trying to take the drugs.
:To announce the increase in traffic jam in Jowai, especially in Lawmusiang, the Superintendent of Police (SP), West Jaintia Hills (WJH), has held a special meeting with the leaders of Jowai. Tympang Club, Mission Compound and the residents of Pohshnong on the 2nd of November.
Although it was clearly shown that it was offside against the opponent, the referees did not say anything about the goal in the first minute,” he added.
It is worth mentioning that yesterday, the Seng leaders led by Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa, laid wreaths at the grave of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew in Mawlai on the second anniversary of the shooting death of General. Former Secretary of the Seng.
“As players we don't have coaches, but we have to watch videos on how to train ourselves.
He owns six trucks, three Boleros, an i20 Hyundai, a Fortuner worth T.34 lakh and a motorcycle.
“Ka seng strongly urges the police to take action on this incident and conduct a thorough investigation to arrest the people involved in this incident and punish them accordingly. law".
Speaking to reporters after the foundation stone laying ceremony at Mihmyntdu, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong said he had received information about the accident in which the doctor died. blame the government and PWD is not.
On the other hand, the nurses have made it clear that they will continue to strike until the state government meets their demands. Three times, the State Government has not done anything.
On this day, the closing ceremony started in the morning with the throwing of trees and dancing in all the houses.
Four other goals were scored by Ramseng Sangma in the 22nd minute, Tengsu Sangma in the 82nd minute and Sillingston Sangma in the 82nd minute. 85th, and 90th.
The closing date for receipt of entries from clubs wishing to participate in the tournament will be on or before 10th June
“The committee is doing its best to improve, since last month we will provide buses for the students and we have improved the Bamboo Hut to convert it into a boys hostel and we have also sought permission to build a hostel for the students. women," said Prof. Shukla.
After his release with Kiran Rao, there were rumors that Aamir had released Kiran because he fell in love with Fatima Sana Shaikh. has been dating Aamir since they starred in Dangal; Fatima, however, has denied the allegation that she started dating Aamir Khan secretly.
The question on the demand for Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division is who will benefit if the government upgrades the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit to a Civil Sub-Division? Civil Sub-Division Demand Committee, because what appears to the world is that there have been two groups who have demanded Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division and these groups have always admitted that their demand is for their own benefit. the people of Ri Bhoi North.
Only God has no birth and death.
That figure just stands around from day to day as the artist moves around to represent Judas.
The Word of God says, “Those who do not have this teaching are not ignorant of the devices of Satan”.
The Union said that the lack of water has caused disruption in daily activities, such as cleaning, cooking, drinking water and cleaning among others. four requirements.
“Of course, we respect N. Biren Singh as our Chief Minister, but we should also respect other Chief Ministers of other states in the country,” said a spokesperson of the Manipur PCC. u Kh Joykisan.
However, when they reached Mawkriah, suddenly the motorcycle they were riding collided with a truck parked on the road.
On the evening of 5th October, the residents of Mawrathud village, Mawhati area, were shocked after the village forest suddenly collapsed due to the attack by the enemy and which has forced the residents of the village to extinguish the fire.
In the Under 35 match between Diengïei Area and Sohiong Area, the match was very friendly as no one could score in the first half despite the witnesses. Thousands of fans attended the tournament and it was in the second half that Sohiong Area scored two goals and won the title of champion of the 1st Sohiong Constituency Knockout Football. Tournament 2022There are 32 teams participating in this tournament and the prize money for the winners of this knockout tournament is Rs 50,000 for the winners aged 35 years and under. The second prize winners receive 25,000 and for the winners over 35 years old, 30,000 for the winners and 20,000 for the runners-up.
He decided to ask his friends who have lived in the city for a long time or those who live here in the city.
Therefore, we request you and your office to issue an order to remove this kilo from the market,” said the letter. Speaking to reporters, Kharsyntiew said that the DC has promised to take action against anyone who takes advantage of the kilo cut without proper grounds.
The Nongthymmai MLA said that this will be a bad example because tomorrow if another minister comes, he will appoint those who have been appointed openly and there will be problems for them.
Recently, the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that the government will hold a Cabinet meeting to discuss the Roster System and Reservation Policy.
It is also necessary to accept that the Clear Power cannot issue an order if the subject matter of the Clear Power order is included in the Constitution.
In this sawangka, almost all the tyngshops and purons are those who have never been able to rise; They are Sanat Basaiawmoit and Dalariti Gratel Kharnaior as the main characters.
Shillong: There have been 103 new cases of coronavirus in the state today.
It cannot be forgotten that this committee was set up on the orders of the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma,” said the UDP MLA. MUA-2 to oppose the report of the committee.
People can avoid contracting HIV from sexual intercourse by (1) abstaining from sex, (2) having sex with people they trust, or (3) using use condoms during sexual intercourse (sex with protection).
He made the request after receiving information from the Indian Meteorological Department that there will be no heavy rainfall until the 18th of this month.
Shillong: Members of the Association of Power Engineers MeECL, Meghalaya have vowed to dismiss any person in any position if found involved in improving the performance of MeECL. Speaking to reporters, Bah Arju Dkhar, President of AOPE MeECL, said, “At today's meeting, we discussed many issues within MeECL and especially the It was also decided that from now on they will work together with the Management to work better for MeECL”.
Therefore, we understand that if the Assam government intends to build by force, we will not allow it.
The ICYM Zone 5 which brings together the youth as a unity through talent shows and songs of praise and youth development.
In the midst of the struggle, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that the ARPA is strong and there is no danger of collapse.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has claimed responsibility for the detonation of an IED bomb at a coke factory.
P.B.S“I'm glad you have such an idea.
He said the Government has also taken measures to reduce the congestion in Shillong and has purchased up to 30 buses at a cost of T.10 crore to transport school children.
We wear many different uniforms and that's why we change colors like a chameleon.
In order to promote the rights of children within the district, teachers must demonstrate discipline and also teach children to be disciplined. “This app will benefit the students so that they will not lose their jobs through the lack of teachers who have not received permission to leave,” said the Minister.
The UALA signed a memorandum of understanding with the government on November 18,
In addition, there is no written record of the year of its foundation.
In this government, it shows that various government departments have been completely destroyed and those who have to bring together the people of the poor, the land dealers, the contractors, the farmers, are the babu who work in the Bank; But the truth is, we have to understand that the bank doesn't survive if it doesn't get interest and in this pandemic, there are many people who don't pay interest and there, they will be charged by the banks. year, but in future years).
The Sankhat Dorbar Shnong on 15th October decided to expel Kong Ioris Khongjoh and her daughter from the village on charges of witchcraft.
Police have arrested these people, who have stolen expensive clothes, sarees and jewelry from the deceased.
In the second half, Iewduh SC opened the scoring in the 82nd minute but only in the 86th minute.
When asked about their daily income, they said that they earn more money because they can sell T.9 per kilo and per day they can sell at least 60 kilos. Police Bazaar from 7 to 8 pm.
He asked the opinion of the KHADC on the proposal to amend the Sixth Scheduled to be handed over to the Ministry of Home Affairs of India through the State Government.
The winners will receive a cash prize along with trophies and trophies. 1st prize – Rs 5000/-, 2nd prize – Rs 3000/- & 3rd prize – Rs 2000/-. 2000/- for each youngest participant.
(1 Kings: 3:7-9).
The coalition government led by HD Kumaraswamy was in power during the last Lok Sabha elections.
The victory of the two clubs came after they won the first leg of the tournament at the Artificial Turf Diengshynrum on Thursday.
The farmers said that these insects eat and drink the milk contained in the symbols of the rice.
He expressed his gratitude for the construction of the Durshtah Sahnam Gate and the Soso Tham Auditorium.
The Seng also strongly condemns the robbers who stole and looted the kwai of Bah George Ros Mingson Manner of Trangblang village on the 19th of this month at Rymbai Sohpieng village. These are the same Sengbhalang leaders who committed this crime and urged the law enforcement authorities to arrest these robbers immediately and bring them to justice according to the rules of law.
Demand for Grants- Dawa Bhahpisa is the allocation of funds allocated for the development of society whether it is from planned or non-planned government departments. ).
He grabbed the woman's hand and stole her gold jewellery, mobile phone and ATM card.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Methos Marwein, General Secretary of the Majai Exporters Association, said that he was surprised that the Majai Exporters Association Dawki, Borsora, Bakli and Beltoli have not been affected in this way.
In the second half, Damanglang Kharbyngar scored the first goal for Umphyrnai SC in the second half.
Shillong, July 02: U James K. Sangma, on Tuesday, has spent Rs 20,82,208 to travel by helicopter during his tenure as Minister of Electricity.
With this victory, Niaw Wasa will face Ladthadlaboh in the final, the exact date of which has not been announced by the WJDSA.
Laitkor FC encouraged Laitkor to take the lead in the 40th minute when Charlinda Nongtdu scored the second goal for Mawlai FC. Ideibanri Kharpan scored the first goal for Mawlai in the 50th minute.
Adelbert said that at the district level or sub-divisional level, the combined reservation of 80 percent for the Khasi-Jaintia people should no longer be restricted like in Jowai and Shillong but should be released throughout the country. Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Ribhoi District.
When asked whether the VPP will join the ruling party if the party is proposed by the NPP, Basaiawmoit said, “We have a part in the synrop with the opposition because we want to maintain the identity of the party. Even if there is a proposal from the NPP, we will not accept it.
“Today's decision shows that the people of Karnataka have embraced the political arena with love instead of hatred and have voted for the peace and development of the country. “The North East Congress Coordination Committee (NECCC) congratulates former Congress President Rahul Gandhi on the Bharat Jodo Yatra which has launched an important phase in the construction of the Bharat Jodo Yatra. the power of love against hatred and the need to build peace that will strengthen the economy of the country,” the statement added.
When looking at and reading the writing system these days, especially among the younger generation, there are those who do not remember the Khasi alphabet.
This is probably because he has already decided on how many benches will sit in the Iingdorbar.
In 1854, the Cossayah Hills Political Agency was transferred to the Cossayah Hills District, which covered only the Jaintia Hills and the British Villages while the Khasi States did not fall under the District. because they fall under the jurisdiction of the Political Officer.
Will the government decide again like this year? We are still waiting for the government's announcement on this.
The Seng also said that it has found that the coke factory has violated the rules and regulations of the EIA 2006 regarding the production of coke, because according to the EIA 2006 the coke factory should produce coke. It produces 25,000 thousand metric tonnes of coke per year but produces less than 36,000 metric tonnes per year.
Furthermore, the proposal to end the salary crisis of SSA teachers depends on the availability of funds provided by the Central Government.
Elton Cliff WarjriPresidentEast Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, June 21: The Meghalaya High Court on Friday directed the State Government to build a Temporary Additional Facility to alleviate the overcrowding at the Shillong District Jail.
It may be recalled that Ma Comet passed away on 18th November
A marten is a garbage dump that is not built in accordance with the requirements to avoid health hazards and other environmental impacts.
Because those who obey the ways of Satan are like Satan and like demons because the spirit of the devil enters them and their appearance is so terrible that even a child is afraid to look at them.
D., MNASc.
The Minister said that the HSPDP as a party in the MDA, has a responsibility for the peace and stability and for this reason the party supports the government which has appointed the HSPDP. A Judicial Inquiry into the incident on the 13th of this month shows that the MDA has no responsibility to bring peace in the state.
Keeravani, the composer of the song 'Naatu Naatu', was also awarded the Padma Shri for his contribution to the country, as were Raveena Tandon and Sudha Murthy, the wife of the founder. Infosys Sudha Murty who has done many good deeds for the society.
“Bah Ardent has been accused of having money, having a car, it is enough because we are public servants and the people should be surprised, but the truth is that I “I don't buy a car worth T40-T50 lakh but it's a car bought with money and I've become an MLA I don't know how to buy a car with money,” said Bah Ardent.
I can’t figure out why they spread those rumors.
“The state government has been trying to introduce its own water policy for many years and the MDA government has just come to power in 2018 and it has been decided that it needs to be implemented. This is the task of implementing the water policy of the state.
He reflects our Khasi life along with the rights and wrongs from words and deeds to behavior.
In this bright age, the State needs people who have knowledge and understanding and who know how to introduce laws and policies that can develop the State in many ways.
Nongrang said the decision of the UDP is on this basis to overthrow PN Syiem and form another synrop group of indigenous parties, but not. On the occasion of his meeting with the Congress or the BJP, Nongrang said that he did not leave because he was afraid, but because he went to bring his wife's medical records. to Guwahati, which does not have a healthy body these days.
Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in his speech said that the Block office is the most important for the needs of the people as many of the needs of the people are related to the Block.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said that these six areas are the most difficult and no time can be set in advance for the resolution. you are right.
After this, the police came and took the buses and the youths to the Police Station without further investigation.
He said that the Home Minister, Amit Shah has also promised the Cabinet that the Central Government will immediately set up a Central Investigation Agency.
There is no denying that politics is power and money is politics, money makes the people elect their leaders, the power of money leaders who have the they are elected and get to occupy the seat of power.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat Aizawl FC 2-0 in the final round of the Group D match of the U-18 Youth League on Saturday.
Jaitley has not been sworn in as a new MP to the Rajya Sabha from Uttar Pradesh in the past few days. You are God.
Arwanki Rymbai scored the first goals for Mihmyntdu FC in the 9th and 33rd minutes.
I know that no one has the right to intimidate or force, it is up to the people to choose when they enter the polling station to vote,” he said.
The officers sustained injuries to their heads, hands and feet and were rushed to Woodland Hospital in Shillong for treatment.
Besides inspecting the Transit Camp at Khanapara, RBDCC officials including Mayrald Born Syiem, President of RBDCC and MLA Nongpoh, George B. Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, Bah Nongpoh MDC, Charles Marngar, Mawhati MDC, MG Kharshanlor, Secretary RBDCC and other Congress leaders in Ri Bhoi, visited the Entry Point. ha Umling and after that, they went to meet the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi, to inform her, on what they found during their inspection.
Similarly, even some NGOs are trying to spread their anti-incumbency wave in many ways.
When a man dived into the water and rose from the water, he became a sign of the resurrection.
“I would like to suggest to the Minister of Electricity on the blackout period only in Shillong which has been a real problem for the residents in the villages which we have been facing from time to time,” he said. said Bah Adelbert in a statement sent to the media.
The absence of the Chief Minister has strongly suggested that he has refused to participate in the programs with the BJP ministers and perhaps there may be other reasons. Vincent H Pala, CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM of KHADC, was also present at the meeting. They did not say anything about the reasons for the absence of the Prime Minister but it was said that Bah HDR Lyngdoh has replaced him.
The High Court said that the plaintiff, on November 6, 2023, will have to submit an affidavit stating in what manner he has been threatened and who he or she has threatened.
The program began with the laying of wreaths at the memorial of Bah Joy at Jasir Shella under the leadership of the President of the Seng Samla Kher Ramsongkatonor Samla Mac Donald Pahsyntiew in the presence of the guests. work with members of the Youth League.
eT according to the arrangement of the government, but the government has introduced this MTET where many teachers have not passed this.
Now we have to think carefully for this fight.
At the same time, they urged the District authorities and Police of Ri Bhoi District to be vigilant against such places where they commit crimes against the rights of women and at the same time. They also demanded that the owner of the Dhaba should be punished severely.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma will inaugurate the Rozgar Mela and will be the chief guest.
Sources said that Roshan Warjri handed over her resignation letter to Dr. Mukul Sangma at 4:30 pm yesterday. three times, and it was at 4:30 pm that she went to hand over her resignation letter.
They are also low in easy-to-digest carbs and high in fiber.
On the other hand, the Khasi Student Union Narpuh Circle, has called for an inspection and urged the department to consider the entry and exit of foreigners.
Powell in his speech said that the emergence of the Sengbhalang shows that there is some instability in the rule of law and instability in the society and a threat to the country and the nation.
This year's Behdeinkhlam festival started on the 8th of this month and ended at Aitnar, Loompyrdi, Iongpiah Jowai on Saturday.
The Custom Department has also announced the cooperation and assistance of the Biswanath Police Station and the Forest Department officials in this regard.
Hek stressed the need to turn these Fish Sanctuaries into tourist attractions.
“The residents of Punjabi Lane want to live a dignified life on their ancestral land, and it is not appropriate to consider them as foreigners.
On the health sector, the government has allocated T.1,617 crore for this sector in 2022-23 and with the assistance of the World Bank, the state government has launched a project worth T.350 crore to improvement of all 659 health centers in Meghalaya within three years.
“We have sent the requirements to the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) to strengthen the police stations by dividing them into two parts, one with 80 personnel and the other with 40 personnel,” he said. Absolutely.
Regarding the proposal to include the Dorbar Kur, Rangbah Kur and other sections under the Act, it was done through the KHADC Dorbar during the tenure of CEM Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit in February 2015 and sent. The proposal to amend the Act to the Government and the Governor through the First Amendment Bill has not received any response yet.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr Sankey urged and encouraged the youth to come forward in carrying the responsibility to serve in the religion, the customs of the village and the society even if we We have to face many difficulties, trials and criticisms but we must stand firm on the foundation as young people and not lose hope.
The meeting was led by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, CEM, KHADC, in the presence of EMs of KHADC, Bah Victor Rani and Bah Alvin Sawkmie. They went to apply for Trading License from many foreign shops, where they found that many of the shops do not have Trading License. The KHADC officials have ordered the closure of their shops.
The General Secretary has been appointed to Bah Ryngkat Lyndem while the Assistant Secretary has been appointed to Bah Kestar Warjri.
For the e-auction starting from 6th November, 2023, up to 800 metric tonnes of rice and 3000 metric tonnes of forest will be offered through the OMSS (D) scheme.
The tournament was inaugurated by George B Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi Constituency on Saturday at the KJP Assembly Hall in IGP.
This year, there were about 11 Rots brought from different villages.
Of these, the above are the most educated people and there are opportunities to send them for treatment abroad.
This year, they started their protest in front of the Additional Secretariat and then followed by the protest at the Indoor Stadium Jingkieng Nongthymmai where they have held about two times.
Meanwhile, it was learned that the new PDF group will meet the Governor on Tuesday to acknowledge that they have won the majority in KHADC. on this.
The story also reached that Bah Let was very angry with what his family members had done, which had destroyed and disgraced his dignity and that of his family as a whole.
On his vision for the new Government, he said, “As I said, this Cabinet will be united.
Acknowledging that the fight is difficult, the Prime Minister said that his government is fighting hard against the coronavirus and is looking for ways and means to eradicate it. pain.
He said that the present government is struggling and looking for ways and means to provide better services to the people in all parts of the state. has continued to develop various systems for the benefit of the public, especially when it comes to health.
On the other hand, its Chairman Chandame Sungoh in a statement to the media said that the rally in the presence of members of the Hynniewtrep Women Welfare and Development Organization and the Movement for Change is to oppose the protests. CM Himanta Biswa Sarma in the Assam Assembly on a question by an MLA from Karbi Anglong who asked whether Mukroh village still falls under Assam or Meghalaya. Think carefully who has accepted that it falls under Assam.
At this time of tragedy, the Seng Khasi Kmie sends its condolences to the children and grandchildren of this Rangbah.
She also urged the Jaintia people to work hard in their jobs so that their hard work will not be for the benefit of the state and the country as a whole.
They also expressed their sympathy for the child who has suffered this tragedy and said that it shows that there is no peace for women and children these days.
Having a strong body is essential for human health.
He has also played for South East Asian clubs such as Quang Nam, Saraburi United and Suphanburi in recent years.
The post light in the village happened on Tuesday.
Agatha will contest against Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition in the State Legislative Assembly, in the elections to be held on 11th June
The Director of Information and Public Relations, Bah HM Shangpliang, said that the festival will feature a variety of films from all over the country and the cost of these three days will be up to T.40 lakh. less than last year's cost.
However, from time to time the District Councils receive Direct Funding from the Central Government but that money is used by the Councils in the implementation of their own schemes.
Health risks ranging from internal diseases to cancer are caused by certain chemicals such as toluene, formaldehyde and dibutyl phthalate.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 75836 out of which 72199 have recovered and 1311 have died.
He said that the potholes, potholes and the condition of the road have not only caused problems to the passengers but also caused damage to vehicles and frequent collisions.
“The purpose of this program is to get students and graduates or people who have studied for graduation and post graduation at the National Law School of India, Bangalore, to work with the Government of India,” he said. inform that the Government will also provide a stipend for them.
The Rs 132 crore project and the contractor is also the implementer of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
“No matter how hot the day is, don't give a reason to sit in the bus stop because the people are not happy, if the people are like that, then a proper answer will be given to the MDC and the MP Election”, he added.
“It is better for me to believe in Bah HDR Lyngdoh than to believe in the rumors,” said Bah Pala.
Speakers from various political parties and religious leaders strongly condemned the violence against women, children and women.
Hek said that this decision of the Cabinet could cause trouble, as not only the officers working in the secretariat come from abroad, but in the state there are many central government employees. Those who come to serve the state and through this decision other foreigners who come to work in the state can put forward this demand.
One of those researchers, John Wooden, said, “You can give without loving, but you can't love without giving”. ".
Meanwhile, the state government has prepared a well-prepared venue for the two militants to surrender, and has deployed strong security forces by adding security police. In many parts of the country, police personnel and bomb search police have arrived at the scene this morning to ensure that no incident occurs at the square.
The training was conducted by Vivek Lyngwa and the welcome speech was given by Madonna Pariat.
The search for Ahidul Islam is ongoing and two complaints have been lodged at Mahendraganj Police Station.
Shillong, July 27: A Bolero (ML05 K-4988) has been stolen from Jaiaw Laitdom, Shillong at 3:15 pm this morning. evening.
In Germany, 62,000 turkeys and turkeys will be slaughtered after the outbreak was discovered in parts of Cloppenburg.
Ma Rymbai said that in order to transport the coal, the owners of the mines will have to obtain a form from the Pollution Control Board and there they will have to fill in the name of the owner of the land. , the name of the coal mine, the size of the coal mine, the employees in the mine and others and after receiving this form, the Pollution Board will issue two more forms. and one is form 1 of the Ministry of Mines and the other is form a, which the owners of coal mines, must comply with to protect the cleanliness of the water, from the mining of coal and then to protect the environment from coal mining.
I have overcome the world.
Shillong, July 28: Shillong College has been awarded A+ Accreditation by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC).
It also said that Christians should participate in worldly affairs including politics, governance, democracy with knowledge, by earning the right to justice for the sake of material wealth in the world and for the sake of the treasure of the soul is in heaven.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, is one of the strongest supporters of this initiative, saying it will significantly reduce the cost of labor during the elections.
Three years after several opposition MLAs Ampareen Lyngdoh, Congress MLA at the time, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, KHNAM MLA and others expressed their opposition to the Governor's speech in the National Assembly. 2018, Ganga Prasad, on the opening day of the budget session of the new Legislative Assembly, four VPP MLAs have expressed their views and that is to protest inside the Assembly and outside the Assembly. They also did not listen to the speech of the incumbent Governor, Phagu Chauhan.
In addition, an explanation was given by Bah GJL Sangriang regarding the participation.
Regarding the rumors that Bah Pynshngaiñ will also contest from the constituency, Hek said, “I am ready to contest against Bah Pynshngaiñ or anyone else. “I was elected against Process T Sawkmie in 2013, the people won me,” said Hek.
The most terrible thing is the misguided training of the leaders of this government to their MDCs under the leadership of the NPP party because within 10 or 12 days they have been sent to change their minds and change their minds.
Dr Mawthoh said the recent meeting with MeECL officials in the presence of Chief Secretary Bah PBO Warjri was successful.
Therefore, as far as we know and to say without fail, before the rule of the French, the Khasi men and women lived according to the law of God the Creator and according to the life of knowledge.
Azad demanded a CBI inquiry into the theft of questions.
Until the end of the first half, Nathan Ake scored from a free kick four minutes later.
The purpose of the meeting was to strengthen the Youth Wing which is the foundation of the jaidbynriew, said a statement from Bah Glenbert Khongwir, Convenor, KHNAM Youth Wing.
The incident happened at 11:30 pm but later a fire truck from Mawngap Out post came to extinguish the blaze.
The tournament was organized by Nongpiur Secondary School in collaboration with Nongpiur Sports Club to raise funds for Nongpiur Secondary School.
When the shooting was over, I saw that the spears had been cut and stayed in the skum.
HSPDP President Hoping Stone Lyngdoh has never campaigned for Pastor PBM Basiawmoit.
Ringchi, who has been trained by the coaches of the synjuk, has started her wrestling career yesterday after she won her first rank. it is difficult to compete against other young women.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: A Maruti Car (ML-10A-9080) driven by Jini Lyngdoh and a commercial taxi collided at 7 pm on Tuesday night. The incident occurred at Umroi Madan (RB) on the vehicle (ML-10A-6140).
In 2015, Meghalaya lost 71 sq.km.
The Minister said that the disease has started spreading in parts of Garo Hills since the 3rd of this month, and the health department has already inspected and examined it. detailed about 77 people.
“Allow me to think, this is the day to celebrate with the people on the victory, I will look into the matter later,” said Balajiedkupar.
They also sent their best wishes to the victims of this incident for a healthy body and encouragement to their families.
It is to be recalled that the government authorities on 25th March last year, had destroyed all the shops owned by the Khasi and the houses of the Nepalis, but the Khasi were not allowed to leave. The RBYF has found that the Nepalis have not been allowed to build shops, but the Nepalis who live in the area have not been allowed to build their own shops. Speaking to reporters, Bah LK Sawkmie, said that the households have built houses near the MIDC well by demolishing the well, which was built by the MIDC. He said that the union is deeply saddened to see that the Khasi people have not been able to build shops since the destruction, while the Nepalis continue to live in the government land. which they did not flee even when the government authorities evicted and destroyed their homes.
By Bah Philip Marwein The UDP, NPP, BJP and TMC have won four MLAs. The UDP has won four MLAs, Mayralbon said. Syiem of 9-Nongpoh, Process Sawkmie of 15-Mawlai, Lambor Malngiang of 22-Nongkrem and Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar of 36-Mawkyrwat.
Now let us surprise people as the paradoh parasnam of the land of Hynniewtrep. Think again, don't think only for yourself, think first for the land and think where those development works will be done.
Komarness Shabong scored the goals for Lamlynti in the 13th minute and Teilang Kurbah in the 54th minute.
At the same time, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare informed that there are still many posts of Doctor Specialist to be filled in the State.
The United States has imposed a temporary ceasefire on Sudan after a 10-day ceasefire in Sudan. hundreds of lives and thousands were injured in the war.
Shillong: U Bah Kemdimlang Shangdiar, 65, resident of Nongmynsong, Umkdait, has drowned in the toilet of his house this morning.
The HPF also alleged that when driving from Mawlai Nongkwar to Nawlai Nonglum which is only 150 meters away, the robbers charge T.10 tyngka each from the people, while in fact it is only T.5 tyngka. .
The 2nd Independence Women Football Tournament 2023 was inaugurated by Bah FD Ramsiej as the chief guest and as a sign of the opening ceremony he also hoisted the flag of the organization.
He said that a new announcement will be issued after the counting and verification of the coal.
British scientists say there could be up to 350,000 people infected in Wuhan alone.
While I am breathing I will never forget these words of yours and I will keep them in my heart and I will watch the passage of time,” said Larisa and covered the clothes that had begun to fall.
Sickness and pain will be no more, and all sorrow and grief will be forgotten.
Earlier, Dr Amir Ali Khan, Asst.Professor, NIDM, New Delhi gave a briefing to all the participants on the programme.
Shillong: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has expressed its opposition to the recommendations of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Home Affairs (PSC) on the 125th Amendment to the Constitution. against the customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
She said that although she lost the MLA elections last year, she has not backed down.
These bikes include an R15 (ML 10 C 4295) owned by Pynkhraw Kharshanlor of Saiden and a Pulsar 200 ML 05 M 1313 owned by Iaineh Lymba of Umsawnongbri village has been stolen by unidentified robbers.
It can be said that there are many places in the Motphran area which have faced a lot of problems in terms of garbage, so in this regard, there is a real need for people who know how to clean. cleanliness and other activities related to cleanliness.
The South Asian Games in Shillong are one of the most memorable events in which eight sports were held in Shillong and others were held in Guwahati with the participation of countries like Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka.
From Mowkaiaw, Winning received 310 votes and due to the defeat of the NPP candidate, the residents of Mowkaiaw who used to get MDCs, but this time have lost MDCs for two terms. .
Shillong, June 2: The Special Task Force (SPF) of Kol on Tuesday arrested Phyrnai Swer, a member of the HNLC who has been wanted by the police for six months.
In the women's Long Jump U-14 category, Latympang Lyngdoh Marshilong came first, Samanbha Nongsiej of Nativity Higher SSM came second and Saphishisha Marweiñ of Maharam Government HSSM came second. three.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has established a new branch in Jowai Town Circle and confirmed the office bearers of the FKJGP Jaintia Hills Zone on the 29th of this month at Vianney Hall, Jowai.
Shillong, June 28: The students of the North Eastern Hills University Students Union (NEHUSU) today protested against the introduction of departments at the university. which does not fit the nature of this place.
“I also shared with him the plan to have a New Shillong Township where we plan to build a new Administrative City and a new Secretariat and I shared with him the Plan and Designs that have been submitted. and ask for his support to ensure that the projects move forward.
There was also a song by the students of the College, Certificates were distributed to the winners in the poster drawing. The program was conducted by Golda Pala (Lecturer English). Nongpoh, March 27: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District today released the Draft Electoral Roll of the Voters of Ri-Bhoi District. Five Assembly Constituencies in Ri-Bhoi District including 8-Mawhati, 9-Nongpoh, 10-Jirang, 11-Umsning and 12-Umroi were also handed over to various Hima political parties in Ri-Bhoi District. long at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
Speaking to reporters, James Sangma said, “The Government is still considering.
According to the law, she needs 10 MLAs to become the Leader of the Opposition in the 60-member Assembly.
Shillong: The reply sent by the Director of School Education and Literacy, Meghalaya to the Principal of Government Girls' Higher Secondary School, Jowai on 8th November 2023 is unacceptable. which is sweet, but also sweet at the same time.
The Uttar Pradesh Minister today explained the violence against women by saying, “The violence against women has its own way”.
Ms Kurbah said that the presence of formalin in these fish is like a poison and affects the health of the consumers.
Regarding the guidelines and SOPs, the Chief Secretary of the State Government will issue them in the next few days along with the protocols. that they should keep all these commandments.
The memorial service was conducted by the Vice President of the Congress Party, Bah AH Scott Lyngdoh who said that the passing away of this man is a great loss to the Congress party.
This is not the time to do politics by dividing the people, because with our cooperation we will win and we will reach the goal of transforming Meghalaya.
S.Mannar expressed his gratitude to the existence of such an organization in the district and it has been a great help when there are any private programmes. At the same time, he said that this group has helped the police department in many areas.
“This has not reached anywhere because some of these friends have withdrawn the letter because they understand that rather than standing with the Congress, they would rather stay in the party. in PDF".
He said that the increasing power outages during this time of year when there is no rain or snow has put the people in great surprise, how the electricity does not reach the villages properly. They are located in the Northern Ri Bhoi District.
At the time of the earthquake, many women and children ran out of their homes and fled without being found.
“The ministers don't have any authority to take action.
“These children don't talk at mealtimes.
Wanbha also urged the people of the area to work together with love and humility so that the area can develop in all aspects.
The CoMSO today played the ksing at Motphran as part of its protest that although the Legislative Assembly has passed the decision to implement the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation The ILP was signed on this day in 2019, but the central government has been silent for a year.
As part of its India commitment, Amazon has pledged to digitally transform about 10 million MSMEs, increase revenue to $20 billion in e-commerce and create up to 2 million jobs in India by
He said that even the private property must have dulir which has been agreed with the owners and sealed by the Chief Executive Member.
Earlier, they had terminated their relationship with Dr Roytre C Laloo in charge of the education department for his refusal to call for talks despite the teachers' protest. call meeting.
“Why doesn't Dr Mukul take the path of the law?
If we don't use force or expel these Khar Nepalis and these other foreigners, it will affect not only these paradoh parasnam who live on the border but it will affect the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people as a whole.
Ri Bhoi won six gold medals in the men's 73 kg category, Anasthasius Ryndongsngi won 107 points and in the men's 73 kg category, Anasthasius Ryndongsngi won 107 points. with 112 points which gave him 219 points.
The CEO said that the election team in charge of the Rongcheng Polling Station in South Garo Hills had to walk for eight hours, without leaving since Saturday morning.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee (JCC) against the Umngot Hydro Project on Tuesday demanded that the Electricity Department of the State Government should issue a clear statement to clarify that it has rejected the proposal to hydropower project. build the electricity project in the area.
“We have unanimously decided to oppose the decision to implement the UCC in those areas which fall under the Sixth Schedule.
Regarding the construction of the gate, before entering the area, the village clarifies that it does not intend to obstruct or block the burial or cremation there; but to prevent evil.
“The CSWO strongly opposes the proposed uranium mining in the state and also in the tribal areas,” she said.
Of course, when I say this, it is not that all the candidates do not remember us, come to our villages or recognize us.
Umïam Police Station has informed the Crime Branch of the incident for further investigation.
They act exactly like they rule in the Secretariat. They act exactly like they sit in the place where the Prime Minister and the Symbud Prime Minister sit.
In the men's football category, the state team managed to return to victory after beating Tripura 2-1
Otherwise, the anger of these three days will become worse and life will become more miserable.
New Delhi, Jymmang 23: To encourage the use of home telephones, the TRAI Telephone Authority (TRAI) has increased the price of telephone charges from one telephone to another and also from one telephone to another. landline, which has decided to increase the price by 20 paise and in addition, the phone bill from mobile to telephone, which will now be only 14 naia, from 20 naia.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has expressed his gratitude to Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge and MP Rahul Gandhi for their support to the opposition. The GNCTD (Amendment) Bill,
Furthermore, it was informed that as the preparation of the Blue Print is ongoing, the Court will hear the case again after four months, ie, until 16th November,
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Shillong Circle has demanded the announcement of the names of those infected with COVID-19 in the state. It should clearly disclose the names of those who have been infected with COVID-19 so that it is easier to identify those who have been in contact with them.
He said that the State Government has also increased the expenditure on development projects in the State and these expenditures benefit the State as a whole.
Through actions or deeds we can help many people in difficult circumstances.
“We have tried our best to curb the marketing of this illegal beverage especially drugs which has affected our society and we need to cut off the paths of the traffickers through many ways especially to arrested the smugglers,” said the police officer.
The Cabinet meeting also decided to appoint candidates for the vacancies at the Shillong Government College of Engineering and the College of Architecture and Urban Planning, Tura.
He said that some land has already been handed over to NHIDCL and after that, the work will start.
As part of the celebration of World Suicide Prevention Day, SANKER, Shillong on Saturday held a public hearing on the issue at The program was held at the Auditorium of Don Bosco College, Byndihati. The program was attended by Dr.S Syiem, Director, SANKER, Shillong, Principal, Fr. Dr.D Shylla, Director, Ephphatha Society, Rev.ES Sapuh, teachers, students and others.
He explained the need to wear masks, social distancing, wash hands regularly and keep yourself and your family clean.
The next day, his brother-in-law found his bike at Vashi, along with the helmet and keys in the same bike and immediately lodged a complaint with the police.
According to information, Bah Dmuising Khongjirem from Wahkhen village, who is a journalist, has applied for a ticket from the UDP to contest the MDC election from this constituency.
However, Umrynjah SC didn't give up and fought hard until Keeperstar Lyngdoh scored the equalizer in the 44th minute.
The Prime Minister without hesitation said that it was enough and so he helped and got this vehicle.
"“The government's action of demolishing people's homes is its violence, it seems to discriminate against women and also shows that women do not have the right to stand up for the truth" , said Kong Agnes Kharshiing in an interview with Rupang.
Those who have benefited from the illegal activities are only a few and it is from these that the roads and bridges have been destroyed which has put the residents at risk.
Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Timothy D Shira, Ministers, MLAs and others who came to the house of Dr Donkupar Roy to pay tribute to him as a leader. leader of the world political party.
At the same time, the drivers and owners of tourist taxis have urged the police department to arrest all those involved in this horrific murder.
He alleged that the people who bought these cows were also involved in the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh.
“Our government under the leadership of Himanta Biswa Sharma will not give land to Meghalaya and we will not ignore the wishes of the people,” Borah said in the Assam Legislative Assembly.
The Assam Rifles said that the increasing unrest in Myanmar has increased these illegal activities.
There are 26,669 confirmed cases so far.
At last standard or in the villages, your songs are heard and danced.
The lym pung was inaugurated with a ceremony, dance and especially the song and dance performed by famous singers including Ahlyna, Gracel Ropmay, Banjop, Lam phang Syiemlieh and others. The following ceremony shook all the athletes before they left for their respective states.
Both husband and wife (THOMAS JONE and ANNE) worked hard to write books and found that the Roman script was more appropriate for the Sohra language.
A joint prayer was held for the suffering and bloodthirsty countries that cannot celebrate Christmas to restore peace in their countries.
Shillong, March 31 : The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Tuesday approved the amendment of the Meghalaya Fisheries Service Rules,
This has begun to happen now that even the educated youth of the country who have their positions are still involved in these evil deeds which affect not only them but also the country. imlang and society.
Those who attended the handover ceremony included MDC Finelyness Bareh, Acting Dolloi of Rymbai Elaka LK Swer, Blase-use Rymbai Secretary Shnong and Tbn.HR Rymbai. Justice Lyngdoh, the Village Headman.
This water supply is no longer the old one, but it is planned to be supplied through a large dit that will run under the road from JN Stadium.
This is the step taken by the Assembly Secretariat under the leadership of the Speaker, Thomas A Sangma to introduce a system to reduce the use of papers in the Budget Session.
The tournament will be held according to the rules of the Shillong Sports Association Football League Tournament which is held regularly every season.
We have little and we cannot lose that little we have.
Push ups, gymnastics and other exercises are used to perform push ups.
The village does not object to the activities of the societies but will not allow religious groups to own the Krem Mawjymbuin which is the pride of the village which attracts many tourists,” said Bah. Meeting.
Besides the discussion on these Acts, the KSU leaders in Ri Bhoi, also sought information on the intention of the state government to resume the railway line to the state, according to Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud. The Chief Minister, who said that the government will continue the railway line to the state, but until these days the KSU is still strongly opposed to the proposal to build a railway line to Ri Lum Khasi.
But Lydia just stopped talking about that topic and started crawling to another topic.
The tournament was concluded with the awarding of medals and trophies to both the teams by the Chief Guest and the President of the Governing Body.
And this goal is unnecessary because we ourselves are not willing to work with the government/District Council to implement the ban on plastic bags and plastic bottles.
However, there has been no extension or change of time as the group has requested the Government through discussions with the Director.
During the meeting, the union discussed the problems of the people of the area due to the inability of the bank to provide machine update, delay in coming to the bank and sting (theft). time) during lunch.
Shillong, March 27 : U Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma today said that the State Government is considering whether to change the subject Mathematics as a Compulsory Subject as in the past. in all schools in the state and will soon take a decision on this.
The job of the leader is not only to distribute work orders, distribute blankets, distribute tins, distribute khiew, lay the foundation stone, cut the ribbon and visit the funeral home.
Until now, we have been allocating the Khadar administration at the rank of IAS, IPS and IAS to foreigners and if we continue to allocate these to foreigners, this It will put the country and the nation in great trouble in the days to come.
In 2018, the band completed their "Nothin' But A Good Time" tour and their last album was released in 2002 entitled "Holly weird"
Referring to the request of the HPC to allocate more land from the blueprint that the Government has already proposed, Ma Dhar said that such demands by the residents are not true. part of the road to resolution.
To nominate MP candidates on their own, all these parties have not reached anywhere.
After the health departments have identified all the contacts of these people who are Covid positive, the curfew will be lifted in Shillong, he said.
In a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, the organizations demanded T.10 lakh as compensation to Patel's family and also demanded 24 hour security at all petrol pumps and arrest. Patel's killers were killed within 72 hours, according to a Government source.
They can choose the place and the time because I dare to come forward to debate on this issue.
Also present were the Advisors of the group, Bah Alan West Kharkongor and Father James Manni.
Shillong, Nailur 25 : The State Government has failed to deposit Rs 0.79 crore to the National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL).
Nongstoiñ: The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) has announced that it will hold a public meeting in Mawthadraishan area on the 17th of this month. The meeting will be held at the Markasa Dorbar Hall.
In this regard, his family members have appealed to the people to support him by voting for him in this election so that he can win.
The meeting between the Dy.CEM and the CEM in the House has prompted the journalists to ask whether there will be any change in the political situation as the current EC is an EC that does not understand each other as it appears. out.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) has urged all the Fair Price Shop dealers in the District to collect their permits from the DC's Office (Supply) and to distribute the rice within You can use your online e-Post machine on the date of this month.
It is not clear what kind of weapon it was for.
He is also a player who has not been included in the list of players offered for a contract with the federation, but has signed a casual playing agreement.
“We have to follow the rules of the government laid down through the Disaster Management Act, which lays down how to help such families and this applies to the so-called immediate relief,” he said. said one officer.
I will fulfill what I have spoken.
On the same day, Union Minister Kiren Rijiju, after meeting with government officials in Nongpoh, also visited the Aganwadi Center at Umdihar and the Health and Wellness Center at Umsawnongkharwai. to encourage the government officers to continue to work hard to provide the best service to the people so that all the aspirations of the central government will be successful and will benefit the people of the country as a whole.
Conrad said the Independent Inquiry has recommended to the State Government to appoint a full time Chairman-cum Managing Director (CMD) in MeECL and also to introduce a new approach to the procurement of equipment. .
They were accompanied by Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha, his teenage daughter, two pilots of the helicopter and another person who was with them when they left the King Power Stadium in England.
This is not the first time that the residents of Mawshabuit and surrounding villages have been attacked and harassed.
However, we also need better roads and not those that will be destroyed just after the 'lap bah' lap san.
It is also necessary to understand the mental state of children, their physical changes, their understanding of their interests and so on.
It was also written “Other Khasi territory in the Province should, if they desire, be allowed to join the Federation as units.
Nongpoh: Several youths from Ri Bhoi District who have gone to complete the examination and all the requirements in the recruitment process of the Police Department, have expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the The results have been released by the Police Department in the State.
The President of the SSSU, Samla Ellen Mynthlu, said that those who are at the Secretariat should come and see for themselves the road to Narpuh and don't just sit at the Secretariat to find out. The residents, especially the school children, have to walk through the woods to reach school.
At the end of the programme, the foundation stone for the construction of the footpath was laid by the Principal of the College, Bah RR Kharkongor, in the presence of Bah WE Lamin, Program Officer NSS Unit, Rangbah Shnong, Teachers. , students and more.
At present, the SSA SPL ground or First Ground is under repair and the JN Sports Complex is also under repair.
Shillong: The 3-day football tournament will be held on the 21st, 22nd & 28th November 2023 at the Shnongpdeng Football Ground.
He said that perhaps it is time for the people at this juncture to think again to get a leader who is like a father who carries the burden of the people of the constituency. Dr DD Lapang and PW Mutkieh who have passed away, we don't see any leader in Ri-Bhoi to continue the work and we can also say that Mawhati It is the last constituency in Ri-Bhoi and does not even have a C&RD Block.
He said that Umwai Village is now in a state of instability due to the fact that the people do not agree with the appointment of a Sordar who was not elected by the Dorbar Shnong Umwai.
Pastor Walcyn James arrived in Shillong at 12 noon today.
Suchen said that the BSF chief has told the union that the camp will be temporary and the union has demanded from the BSF chiefs to monitor the smuggling of Dkhars. Bangladesh to India through the border of War Jaintia because the BSF camp in Amlarem will not be useful if the border patrolling is poor. .
The new party was named the Namdong Block and Laskeiñ Block Border Area Peace Committee (NBLBBAPC) on the grounds that the Pnar villages which are currently in conflict are adjacent to Namdong Block and Laskeiñ. Block.
The years have passed from one year to another but it is not until it reaches 46 years, that is, in 2023, that the school will be able to build a new building which will reach the school. 4 crores.
It is also important that once a village has been selected as a Model Village, government departments should take action to provide special schemes to the village to implement works for the people through the meeting with the village authorities which shall have a committee for this purpose.
Participants who land exactly within the designated area will be considered winners.
North Korea has marked the 10th anniversary of the death of Kim Jong-il, the father of Kim Jong Un. The ban on all residents of the city, not to laugh, drink alcohol and go to the market for 11 days, starting from Tuesday.
The submarine, which weighs more than 18,000 tonnes, is about 170 meters or 560 feet long and can carry 150 Tomahawks at a range of 2,500 kilometers (1,553 miles).
No details were received on the injuries sustained on both sides, but some of them sustained minor injuries.
The organizers set the theme “United Against Drugs, Deny Drugs, Embrace Life.
In the second innings, Meghalaya started with a good performance especially from the openers Mrinal Das and Nishanta Chakraborty.
“To appoint MDCs is up to the discretion of the Governor, we want to be clear on this,” he said.
There was also a child and a foreigner on board.
If you hide it, it will be a shame to others.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Amanda Annette Pakynteiñ, wife of the Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, has received the degree of Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.
Mawkyrwat, November 08: The MSSDA of the Labor Department of the Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the District Administration, District Skills Committee, South West Khasi Hills District with the support of Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana (DDU-GKY) have conducted a training program on how to improve the working methods whether in agriculture or even in how to start their own business and through Various training programs from the Government at Madan Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
Donkupar Sumer of the UDP said that when Pynshngaiñ took over as CEM, his agenda was to strengthen the PDF to prepare for the 2018 elections. “We don't want new ethnic parties to emerge, we want to unite, our withdrawal is to show the people that we are united,” said Bah Sumer.
Here we come to another important issue and this is on the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs, which was violated in 2015, when the Meghalaya High Court, overturned the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs. and this law is still in force to this day and the Rangbah Shnongs (to tell the truth), we don't know whether they accept that they are acting with the authority they have (as recognized by the District Council or the State Government) have become merely employees of the Sengbhalang, especially in this crisis.
After the briefing by the DMHO, the President of RBNYF, Bah Apbor Nongrum, congratulated the DMHO, for being in charge of the health center, he has the responsibility to provide adequate services. At the same time, the union also congratulates the doctors who have the spirit to serve the patients despite the shortage of beds.
Shillong, November 7: After the expiry of the curfew till 4 pm, the police this evening threw the members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) into a bus while they were on hunger strike. The parking lot is located at the Additional Secretariat.
Also present were the Zonal Organizing Secretary of ABVP North East Shri Nirav Ghelani, the State President of ABVP Meghalaya Dr Sashankutlang Khongthohrem and others.
The mock drill was conducted on the Polo-Wahingdoh road, Polo Super Market, shops in the Polo area, Hotel Polo Towers, SBI Building, Polo and MeCEL, Lumjingshai, Samkhamti. Petrol Pump, Urkaliar, Female Health Worker, School of Nursing and School of Nursing, TTC, Ganesh Das Government Hospital, Lawmali, St.Xavier's School, Polo, Pynthorumkhrah Golflinks Higher Secondary School and Shillong Secondary School, Forest Colony.
The specialist doctor sent a blood test to the Memorial Clinic in Laban near the largest mosque in the North East.
Shillong, June 01: The National People's Party (NPP) has strongly rejected the promise made by the Voice of the People Party (VPP) that it will not It has created the future but it has not shown how it works to the people.
On the other hand, the party has donated money and said that even in a small capacity, but it gives a spirit of humility and blessings to the family and that they will progress even if they are not able to do so. they have lost thousands of dollars.
Sadly, many of these church groups have emerged because of divisions and misunderstandings.
In the house, the fire burned only the clothes that were outside the house.
“Long voters who are slow, don't be angry, don't be angry because on the 2nd of October, those who are angry after the voting, they will come and tied the doors at the Secretariat and the office. I'm in Thangsning," he said.
Nilberth also complained about the non-implementation of the MDC scheme in Williamnagar constituency during his tenure as CEM Denang T Sangma and wrote to the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, but nothing has happened. spirit yes.
Rev RR Cunville in his request for financial support in 1972 said, “In this hospital there are patients who cannot afford to pay for medicine or treatment and there are also those who cannot afford to pay for medicine or treatment. she money.
The reason for visiting foreign countries is that it does not have a subtitle in English.
Because it is hard in my heart; attention on Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp.
The Mawshyieng of Bah Mit was erected near the grave of his two brothers, and on this mawshyieng were placed the bones of his two brothers including the name of Bah Mit as a man who die.
Taking part in the discussion, Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar strongly criticized the NPP's change of statement regarding the intention to appeal to the court against the signing of the MoU. Bah Banjop Pyngrope MDC of the NPP has expressed his appreciation and support for what the government is doing and urged those who oppose to come out. Regarding the intention to appeal against the MoU, Charles asked whether there is still an intention because the 11 NPP MDCs support the MoU. Charles said that many of the people of Pilangkata have not yet received the donation of this fish pond to Assam.
The group has started the cleaning of the garbage in the river in recent years when they have started a new method, by covering the river with a jar from one side to the other.
The CPI has demanded that the State Government should immediately resolve and address all these issues.
The cycling competition, which is also a very difficult competition, has seen cyclists who have fallen and been injured but who have recovered and ridden their bicycles and fought hard to win. Mizoram cyclist Mesak Vanlalvena received the encouragement of the crowd who gave him the opportunity to fight hard until he reached the end of the race. cycling, in this competition he won a bronze medal along with a broken leg.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Charles Marngar, praised the Rangbah Shnong and the Dorbar Shnong as a whole, for doing what is right and what is remembered. At the same time, he said that the example set by the village should be one of the best and that other villages should follow.
All the leaders don't have time to think or don't have the vision to protect the environment and the Mother Earth, until the environment has been destroyed to this extent.
In this regard, he said that the party had written to the Government in 2016 to improve the management of the water pipes.
The reason why MEPA has taken this decision to suspend Dr. Mukul Sangma without delay is because the Prime Minister does not believe in the request of MEPA to withdraw his remarks. He spoke to the media at the Legislative Assembly on 10th October,
It is said that these breeds of cows are more likely to be found in thousands of blood.
Police have already conducted a post mortem and the body of the youth has been handed over to the family members for post mortem. has been appointed to investigate the incident.
However, Russia has turned to these two neighboring areas with the intention of liberating them from Ukrainian rule.
The Seng also requested information on the payment of Royalty, GST, CESS and other payments to be made by coal transporters or coal buyers who have received a Challan/Transit Pass to transport. The coal is owned by the Department of Mining and Geology or Coal India Limited.
Abbott will begin testing the devices and manufacturing and operating them from next month, with a capacity of about 50,000 units a day.
The other injured were identified as Brosstar Warbah, 32, of Laitlum Smit, Boseng Momin, 26, of Goalpara, Sengrik Marak, 21, of Goalpara and Sukumar Sangma. -40 years map of Goalpara-Assam.
The KSU Sports Committee through the Sports Committee honored these youngsters at its office under the chairmanship of Shwari Ryngkhlem, Chairman of the Sports Committee. EJHDU, Cherity Suja Assistant Finance Secretary KSU EJHDU. The KSU is proud of the hard work of these youths as they have brought the name and glory of the district and their families as well as the state of Meghalaya.
In the evening, the Syiem of Khyriem Hima, Paiem Balajied Sing Syiem together with the Lyngdohs, performed the Pomblang ceremony to please the Lei Synshar-Lei Lum Shillong.
After they have done this, we will fix a time on or before the second month of July when we will meet again to take a final decision on this matter,” he said. he said.
For example, the government has already collected taxes on food items.
The accused, including the APHC, have been proven to be conspirators as part of inciting the people in the area to commit violence.
Sibilda Maring won the silver medal in the High Jump, Under-16, Girls event.
The training is not only to talk and walk but also how to respond without hesitation and have self-confidence and this helps these young girls even when they go for interviews for jobs because they have received training. said Aldous.
The Government has also decided to set up paid Isolation Corona Centers and has directed the Deputy Commissioners to hold a meeting to discuss with the managers of Hotels or Guest Houses on this issue. section.
On the other hand, Bah Sanki Lamare, Waheh Shnong of Raliang, said that there are many villages in Umdong and Mawsdah which have not yet received electricity while the enrollment has not been completed.
My team's victory was not the only one.
Shillong, July 15, 2014: The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on Tuesday confirmed Grace Mary Kharpuri (MDC Nongshken Constituency) as a full member of the party. Thousands of residents of Riwar area came to witness and confirm the ceremony.
He said that the Khasi language is sufficient for inclusion in the 8th Scheduled of the Constitution.
The party also strongly condemns the statement of Hemanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, that he alleged that our state has crossed the border into Assam.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The smuggling of foreigners has increased day by day, and it was learned that the smuggling of foreigners has started from the Trading Department of KHADC, which has issued Trading License in the markets. under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
However, the cost of lighting is 400 to 700 tyngka per month while some households use more than 100 bulbs.
Such people have to leave early in the morning, stay longer in the office because they cannot complete their work within the stipulated working hours, but such people are very few.
The meeting was attended by Assistant Waheh Shnong Wahiajer Bah L.Shylla, teachers, students, parents and others.
He spoke on MNREGS, ration, drinking water, tourism, sports and others.
This is the shortcoming of the Government of India and the politics of the BJP which has put the lives of the people at risk.
It is usually the custom that the wealth should be more for those who are more paid and less for those who are less paid.
Even the mother and 4-year-old brother of the child have been abducted by Hamas since then, but on Tuesday Hamas announced that all three were killed. Israeli bombing of Gaza kills 10 children
Therefore, I would like to express my gratitude to this hospital for its kindness especially to the students who are in critical condition. and 3 thousand.
Furthermore, the HYC hopes that in the past few days, the villages have informed the HYC to cooperate and support the demand not to allow foreigners to distribute letters in the villages.
The East Jaintia Hills District Administration has provided a vehicle to transport the body to Panbari, Chirang District.
In a notification issued by the Ministry of Personnel & AR (A) on 6th June, RM Kurbah has been transferred and appointed as Secretary, Ministry of Community and Rural Development, Fisheries, Water Resources, AH& Veterinary Department and The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has been appointed by SC Sadhu who has been transferred from the post of Secretary, C&RD and Forest and Environment.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The Minister of State for Education, Deborah Ch Marak, on Tuesday said that many teachers who have not yet been trained as teachers should complete their training and the government has set a deadline. until October 31
The death toll rose to 602 yesterday, 651 on Sunday and 793 on Saturday, according to the Italian government in Rome.
Police have recovered four bodies including a 10-year-old child.
The 2nd Eastern West Fan Club Football Tournament 2023 organized by the Eastern West Fan Club Forum has come to an end on 29th June The final match of the tournament will be between Mairang United and FC Bayern United.
General Secretary- Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
“Why Papa...?" asked the son. “Are you going to school now...?" The father asked, “Yes, Papa...” The son replied, “What do you mean, Papa...?” Rida asked again, “Yes, I mean that if you are, you will leave school today to help me go to the shop.
When he came to Shillong, he did not speak on the ILP issue as expected by many people.
Dr. Sahai's research interests through this fellowship are on 3D printing – a new technology for the design of orthotics, prosthetics and others.
The incident happened at about 12 o'clock, while they were drinking tin jot, when the synrum collapsed suddenly.
This is the second time that Mynthong have lost by an own goal in the Super Division this season and this has affected their preparation as they didn't have much chance to win the title. play well.
The BJP has also won an MLA from Garo Hills through Nityanarayan Simchang who was elected as a BJP MLA from Dalu constituency in
He however said there would be no joining the program tomorrow.
The JHADC has 2,49,334 voters (1.28 lakh female and 1.20 lakh male).
Dkhar said the BJP should expedite the investigation by the CBI or ED agency if they feel that there is such a thing. There are enough documents to punish those who are corrupt.
Shillong, June 13 : The State Government on Tuesday confirmed that it will proceed with the relocation of those living in Them-metor as approved by the High Level Committee.
In the second semi final, Cornilius Suchiang scored the first goal for Mawkyndeng Stadium in the 34th minute.
It is not known whether the house has Fire Safety Measures or other safety measures in case of fire.
Dr.S.Lyngdoh said that the office has already sent a letter to the government to set up 100 beds. The number of patients in the hospital has increased and the number of patients has increased. Not only that, but the office has also increased the number of patients. try to take action to address the shortcomings in this Civil Hospital.
In fact, the written examination was held on 10th July last year and the personal interview was held on 29th and 30th July in which 380 candidates took the examination.
However, to get the 13 best players, Bah Torak and other coaches of India, have now gathered at least 30 best players of the country, to take part in the tournament. training program, which was held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
