Dhankhar also said he did not like that some people protested instead of following the law when they were arrested for corruption.
The trucks lined up at the scene were from Dawki-Sohra and West Khasi Hills.
Not only the Power Tiller but also the seeds and other materials to provide them.
The training was conducted through the Voluntary Action Fund (2016-17) of the DC East Khasi Hills Office.
Any police chief who speaks against the party will have to take responsibility if they use force against the party once again”.
The people are expecting and hoping that through their entry into state politics, they will be able to bring about positive changes and benefits in all round development. .
We need to raise our voice because it is a constitutional right.
The reason is that the rules that the Government has set for the investigation team are not strong or relevant to the requirements for the purpose of the investigation.
Mawkyrwat, November 27: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat has conducted a SVEEP Program at St. Xavier's College, Shaid Shaid, Umoid, Mawkyrwat. to explain to the students the importance of voting and to encourage those who have reached the age of 18 years to take advantage of their right to elect their leaders.
Shillong: The Executive Office of the Hima Mylliem today decided to continue the term of office of Rangbah Shnongs who have expired.
We would like to encourage the youth of our state to become strong and to reach higher levels.
AMLAREM: The Dorbar Shnong Lamin Pyllun has honored three students who have passed well and brought honor to the village of Lamin in the matric examination.
Not only the price hike of petrol and diesel, but these Congress leaders from Ri Bhoi, have also slammed the BJP government regarding the corruption in the Rafale Jet Deal, which the BJP government has corrupted by the Rafale Jet Deal. This has shown that the BJP government is not a good government to rule the people of the country.
Canada has agreed to purchase soybeans, cranberries, pomegranates, kait, rice, coconuts and apples, while Chile has agreed to purchase snowdrops and walnuts.
As mankind has grown, the byrsieh has become increasingly covered and the truth has fled far away because it has no place in society, in the community and even in the church.
In these days, it was learned that only two persons have sent a letter to the President of the VPP, but now it is learned that another person has already sent a letter.
Before the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held by Bah DB Marshra President FKJGP Mawlangsu Circle in the presence of MLA Rambrai Bah KP Pangniang. The chief guest was Bah A.Nongsiej General Secretary FKJGP Mawlangsu Circle, the elders of the village and others.
Although the tournament has been going on for about two months, Shillong Lajong have started their first match as they are in the middle of the final match of the Second Division League of the Indian Football Federation.
Other speakers included FR Kharkongor, Commissioner Arts and Culture, Cyril VD Diengdoh, Secretary, Home Affairs and others. State Nodal Officer of Har Ghar Tiranga and others.
He has been an MLA for three terms from 2008, 2013 and
To accelerate the work is different from the urgency to inaugurate projects,” said Dr Mukul.
They have gone to the people on this issue...to look into the Reservation Policy but until now the sad thing is that no one has come forward to say that we will work together to implement this issue.
Shillong, November 20: The victory of Bah HS Shylla from the UDP in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has led to the change of power in the KHADC.
The Williamnagar Urban Water Supply Project Phase-I has been allocated T.121 crore under AMRUT 2.0 in which the Central Government will contribute 90 per cent and the State Government will contribute 10 per cent.
,All the events in the world, we should not be surprised because nothing happens without God's purpose.
“Ms Bamon added that she is grateful for the encouragement of the MLA, who never leaves and who is always with them.
Especially in our nation, which does not have a written history, many stories have been told about our ancestors in different ways.
God said, “I am God, and there is no other.
Besides Christ Church (Skul Step) which qualified for the semi final, three teams including Christ Church (Day), Mawlai Presbyterian and Umrynjah Presbyterian, qualified for the semi final. in the semi final after winning their match which was played on Tuesday, at the Mini Stadium, Mawlai Phudmuri.
The Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) will meet with the Vice-Chancellor (VC) of NEHU on Tuesday to discuss the National Education Policy, (NEP-2020).
Bah RM Shabong When it comes to the issue of CAB, ILP, NRC and other laws, we start to surprise people, but these surprises are only temporary and We have to understand that those who made this Act are not the tea sellers, the momo sellers, the coal traders, the truck drivers, but the legislators who are in the two Parliaments of India and These are the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha.
It is obvious that the French were very clever in this way which turned them from being mere merchants to being the rulers of the whole of India.
Rymbui said that the Sordar of the area, who brought these people to work in the area, is still on the run. illegal mining, to prevent such incidents and this incident has prompted the government to be very vigilant on illegal mining.
Among the applause, there was also an allegation by the Congress leaders that they had insulted the BJP MRD candidate Naren Modi.
On the other hand, Congress candidate Bah Osborn S Kharjana, sent his condolences to the family and children of Bah HDR and prayed for the rest of the soul of Bah HDR. he died.
Shillong: YBSC Shella FC on Tuesday defeated Umphrup SC in the first leg of the Mawryngkneng Invitational Knockout Football Tournament.
“Furthermore, Bah Tynsong said that the people should not trust such organizations because they have no responsibility when it comes to the border issue.
“One woman tried to commit suicide but fortunately she was prevented,” said the Commission's report.
The training was held at Hynniewtrep Memorial LP School SSA, Sabahmuswang on the road to Nangbah.
Shillong: The 13th Prize Money Knock-Out Football Tournament 2019 will be held at the Teilang Playground in Dkhiah West this year.
Through this order, it is prohibited to transport pigs from these villages abroad, or to slaughter pigs for sale abroad or also to transport pigs from abroad to these villages.
The Branch Manager of MRB Shangpung Branch, Kong N Lyngdoh in her speech said that the Door Step Banking has been launched as part of the fight against COVID-1 The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has decided to implement Social Distancing.
After leaving the room where Wasnik and Joshi were interviewed, Bah Pynshngain said, “I have already told you all the wrongdoings of the government and it is up to them to decide how to act”. .
We have witnessed many incidents of violence, we have found that people are sitting in cars and playing music and this has upset many churches,” said Kong Kurbah. Second.
He said that in our state if there are no special schemes of the central government like SSA, education at the primary level has failed for many years.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the Prime Minister of India, Amit Shah has directed the state government to conduct peace talks with the Seng. HNLC and also to start talks on the settlement of the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Police have taken the body for post mortem and other legal requirements.
On the other hand, speaking on the condition of the road, the Deputy Commissioner of WGH, Jagdish Chelani said that the cause of the collapse is still being investigated. now.
At such times when residents have to stay at home in their own villages, Common Services Centers (CSCs) to provide services in rural areas have opened Customer Service Points (CSPs) to assist them. The public at this time to withdraw money from their bank accounts as well as to open saving accounts for those people who do not have saving accounts.
The Dorbar Shnongs need to be very vigilant and take action on this issue which can seriously affect the community.
Mr. I. Dunbar sent a recommendation to the Secretary to the Government of Bengal on the 4th July 1849 that Captain Harry Inglis should be transferred from his office to another government office in equal salary and equal rank, so that the people can receive a holy and righteous government.
The performers include Philarisha Sten, Arwaka Lyngdoh, Dawyrta Tariang and Madonna Lyngdoh.
“We are here to express our gratitude to these young entrepreneurs who have exhibited their products,” said Bah Paul.
In Khasi Jaintia Hills, the struggle is unexplained.
He said he has been working in the pharmaceutical industry for about 17 years.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 7th October inaugurated several development projects worth Rs 6400 during his visit to Srinagar and Jammu and Kashmir under the Swadesh Darshan Scheme. The Ministry of Tourism, Government of India has also announced three projects for Meghalaya.
The complaint prepared by the UDP includes the wrongdoings of the government.
The Estimate Expenditures are Rs.205,19,52,500/- (Two hundred and fifty thousand one hundred and fifty two thousand five thousand/-).
PT Sawkmie Dy.CEM of KHADC said that Donevan is the fourth Dy.Chairman of KHADC in this term.
In the midst of the world's turmoil and the devastating disease we must repent and renew ourselves by deciding to return all unrighteous wealth or corrupt money so that we can use it for salvation. the livelihood and income of the citizens.
Yadav, who is now appearing in the Lok Sabha for the fourth time, said that earlier in 2004, only two of them had been elected to the Lok Sabha.
Adding to this, the spokesperson of the forum, Bah Thomas Passah, expressed his disapproval of this.
On the other hand, the union aims to make Syntu Ksiar one of the most beautiful tourist destinations by bringing in boats, beautiful sculptures and others. Wah Myntdu to join hands to protect the Wah Myntdu from being damaged by the spread of garbage.
There was blood inside the vehicle, but no one was found.
Take the saying, "A blind wife and a deaf husband make a happy home"
In Jesus' time, some of the blind who were miraculously healed by Jesus took part in shouting 'Crucify Him, Crucify Him.' Some were lame after they were miraculously healed. Jesus who ran to spit on Jesus and revile him.
Mizoram Police on Tuesday seized 17 wildlife species suspected to have been smuggled from Myanmar. .
A nation and a company of nations shall come out of thee, and kings shall come out of thy loins.
U Bah Ganold Stone Massar (81), one of the senior lawyers of the State and former Minister of Law and Justice, passed away today, while undergoing treatment in Shillong, a few days ago. late.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 18: KSU Mawshynrut under the leadership of Samla Armstrong Sohshang President and Samla Ulysis Ryntong General Secretary and several members, in the presence of leaders of KSU Sengkmie and Bah Gigur Marthong MLA/MDC They met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday to demand the expansion and increase of various departments in the Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division.
The residents of the village have been facing serious problems due to the load shedding.
According to the complaint, about 49 projects have been allocated to Asanang constituency, but these projects have been implemented slowly, which has raised doubts that there may be serious corruption.
“We request the Hima, Raid and villages of the Khasi Hima not to allow foreigners and foreigners to decide on our land and the boundaries of our Khasi Hima.
The government should create the mechanisms to provide emergency assistance until the coal mining ban ends or until the people can start other activities,” said Bah Chyne.
We as the Hynniewtrep people should understand from now on that we should no longer love the parties or the candidate who doesn't care about his own flesh and blood, who goes to the parties. ethnic groups or parties have joined hands with other ethnic groups.
The time when Israel will make a covenant, there is a sign of the appearance of a white horse mentioned in Revelation 6:1
However, the minister did not specify the date.
The total number of cases has risen to 42,04,614 with 8,82,542 still infected, 32,50,429 recoveries and 32,50,429 deaths. The death toll has risen to 71,642, according to a statement from the Ministry of Health.
Emi Ksoo 11.
“I would like to thank the police and security forces who have worked hard and have given their best efforts,” she said.
And this blindness of the government has been witnessed and seen clearly through its rules of procedure that it has announced and released on 26th November,
In fact, if the revenue is high, the Government should not be poor,” he said.
“On the other hand, the party will bring forward new faces in which it will empower the youth, women if they have won and shown their work to strengthen the Congress Block,” he said. she said.
“I urge the government under the leadership of the Prime Minister, because it is right that this Legislative Assembly should accept a resolution from the government,” he said.
In the final match between Mawtapskum SC and Friend Combine FC, Mawtapskum SC scored two goals in the first half. Deibor Tongper in the 14th minute and Reson Malngiang in the 28th minute, but Friend Combine FC didn't lose hope. Mawtapskum scored two goals in the 52nd minute through Donbok Synrem and until the end of the first half, Mawtapskum didn't have a chance to score. Mawtapskum scored 10 goals to win the title.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 5th of this month at 8:30 pm, a truck driver has lodged a complaint with the JHTOA. The NEIPF has forcibly blocked trucks passing through Kongong NH-44 (EJH) and demanded T.3000 per truck.
The Meghalaya Control AIDS Society (MoHFW) has recently announced that 536 cases of HIV/AIDS have been reported in Ri Bhoi District. Many churches have asked questions and also the danger if measures cannot be taken to prevent the spread of this disease.
“The BJP has joined the NPP but the voters have now joined Pala.
The demand for the right to employment in the state according to the changing times and the increasing population among Garo, Khasi and Jaintia does not mean against the government or ethnic discrimination or ethnic discrimination, said the working president of the Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM). ) and Jimmy Raul Kharmuti.
Speaking at the workshop, the President of Shillong Press Club, Bah David Laitphlang, said that the seminar will bring many issues to light. It is the work of journalists in the region which should not only end in discussion but also in monitoring.
He also assured the trainees that the Department of Commerce & Industries will continue to provide support for them.
Of these, 18 women will contest the election on 28th November to elect 40 members of the State Legislative Assembly.
The Bri U Hynniewtrep Exporters' and Importers' Association, on July 17, expressed its opposition to the issuance of quarry slips to export stone to Bangladesh.
The Government of India's decree that all school children must write and read Hindi up to Matriculation level is a dictate against the Constitution of India because there are still difficulties.
Subramaniam said that the investment in various companies during 2004-11 has turned bad, where the companies have not been able to pay and have become debtors in banks and then. He said that the lack of funds has caused various companies to manage their money by depositing it in banks and many of them have used it to buy houses and land in -18, it was found that the outstanding amount of money from the sale and purchase of houses has reached T.5,00,000 crore.
It took nine minutes for the team to equalize through Mandeep who tied the ball after captain Harmanpreet Singh tied. pass the ball away from the PCs.
Education, honor, where...” RidaWat's mother also felt sorry for her son's words.
The chief guest at the meeting was Bah Denis P. Rayen, owner of Cherrapunji Holiday Resort, the first person to name the Living Root Bridge in the state.
The team will also investigate the allegation that T.23 lakh of KHADC money has been lost from the compensation received from NHAI for the construction of the road.
It means Gentiles and Jews (Israel).
She also complained that the money of up to T.20 lakh is no longer available.
You can write articles about this person.
At the same time, Bah Pynshngain criticized the government for introducing laws to destroy the community such as the introduction of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) Building Act outside the Municipal Area, the Rangbah Act. Village.
Thupthup Valley is a valley that has two parts, one lower part and the other upper part.
Furthermore, on this occasion, the school management also honored those students of the school who have passed well in the SSLC examination for the year 2021-2
There has been vaccination of 3,429 people in the territories of the defense forces.
According to them, they don't need to wait for the final to know who will win because they already know who will spend more to buy votes and will be the winner.
It is in this 4th Temple that the Lord Jesus will be glorified.
The construction of the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) at Mawlai Mawiong recently has caused more and more doubts among the intellectuals especially the signs by the outside authorities to show or understand but, the authorities Think people are still lyngngai, people are still sleeping, people don't have the strength to think.
Bania was identified as Rajesh Verma, a friend of the SP of Gurdaspur.
Half an hour later, Jarain C&SC opened the scoring in the 38th minute through Judgemiwell Mukhim.
The meeting began with the laying of the ribbons of these four Langdohs and thanksgiving was delivered by the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka.
Before I throw away the golden crown, I would like to make a small request that once again we will be willing to use it in any way whether it is in food or when we encounter any kind of disease because it is a who can help us greatly.
Caption: The names of the 10 elected Rangbah Shnongs.
Therefore, only two national parties should stand for the seats in the KHADC.
The power is in the man," says Jemina.
Football attracts people because it is recognizable from all sides and does not have any changes like other sports.
Since 2014-15, the Central Government has released financial assistance worth T.457.22 crore to more than 3.18 lakh students under the Scheme for Residential Education. SHRESHTA)"The Prime Minister's Anusuchit Jaati Abhyuday Yojana (PM-AJAY) aims to create more job opportunities through skills development, employment generation schemes, and other measures.
Elias Nongsiej scored both the goals for Mylliem Lum SC to win the match.
Others who loved her also wept.
It was on this day 122 years ago, on the 23rd November 1889, that the foundation stone of the “KUT” or “KYNROH” was laid. paid Khasi Khara, which stands on the basis of protecting and correcting the rights and customs that have emerged from the new identity of the Khasi Khara Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum from the beginning.
However, in this state, this committee has been set up since 2008, and has not been renewed yet.
Therefore, there will be a lot of concern and anxiety for the refugees who will come to India, the problem is that at that time India can no longer exclude these refugees because they are people who even the UNO accepts them.
According to Dr Mawthoh, we have witnessed and seen that the struggle for power in any party has not reached anywhere but only destruction.
He said it is also necessary to complete the signboard to prevent the entry of foreigners who commit crimes in the border area.
In this regard, we suggested in 2017 that it would be better to extend the term of the Council and wait for the amendment of the Sixth Schedule by Parliament which will pave the way for Paragraph 2 (6A) There is no provision for the Anti-Defection Act.
Shillong, Nailur 24: As part of the 25th Anniversary Celebration; The Union of Village Youth Associations (SSSS) in collaboration with the Youth Association of Wahlyngkhat Village, has conducted a cleanliness drive around Wahlyngkhat Village on 23rd November,
There have been 11,929 new cases reported in the past 24 hours, with 11,929 new cases reported in the past 24 hours. The death toll has risen to 9,195 with 311 deaths in the past 24 hours, the health ministry said.
After this victory, the two will face Denmark Jeppe Bay and Lasse Molhede.
Today at 1 pm Rev.M.Khongbuh Massar gave a sermon based on the Gospel of Luke chapter 7 verses 11-17, about “u Jesus is the Answer" to all believers.
"It is the duty of a child to serve his mother and the service he deserves to serve his party," Modi said at a meeting of MPs. who have just been elected to the Central Hall of Parliament.
“The government had a plan to implement the Phase-III water scheme soon but due to the problems that arise every day, the works have been suspended,” said Marak. The delay in the water scheme in Shillong is due to the problem of laying pipes near the roads which they cannot complete due to the improvement of the highways.
Nongstoiñ, July 13: As usual every year, in the month of July, the synsar traders have started to visit their places and villages to meet with the farmers. that they may buy at the right price if the market is going well.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Last year, there have been many incidents of man-ai-ksuid and man-shohnoh in which many people have been arrested, some of them They have been accused of torturing in many ways by the people by killing eight people, burning their houses and property and some have been killed.
It is to be recalled that in the last Dorbar, when these Bills related to the Hima were passed, the Elaka Ing Dorbar passed them without any delay as the MDCs of the Opposition I immediately went to the Dorbar.
Shillong, Lber, 31: The National People's Party (NPP) Leader Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Friday admitted that the NPP has received more votes than other parties. The NPP has been accepted by the people in Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 17 : Leaders of HITO, Ri-Bhoi District under the leadership of Bah Ban Kharnaior as President, in the presence of Bah Elvis Kyrsian, Bah Kenny Nongrum, Village Leaders including Bah Pynshngaiñ Marbaniang Rangbah Shnong. Former Umsning MLA Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh recently said that the government should open the Maternity and Child Hospital at Umran Parila for the benefit of the people. .
The office of the Deputy Commissioner from the ground floor to the main road was packed with voters who came to accompany their candidates from all four constituencies of the district.
He also alleged that the BJP government has turned the CBI into a sham.
The railway line from Tura to Hili will pass through Ganbandha Palashbari and Ghora Ghat to Hili Bangladesh.
He said that in a meeting with the Chief of Assam Rifles, the taxi drivers expressed that they are facing problems but it is because these drivers are not yet skilled in driving on narrow roads like Shillong.
In a statement to the media through its General Secretary, the union recalled that on 23rd July, the union had informed the public about the inclusion of foreigners in the screening list for the MBBS seat. There are many foreigners who have been included in the Open Category despite not having enough documents to prove that they are citizens of Meghalaya.
It is to be mentioned that this youngster has taken part in the Mixed Martial Arts tournament which was held on 9th November 2022 in the Lightweight Division and from this tournament he has brought the title of victory to the state and especially to the country. Ri-Bhoi District as a whole on the production of sports stars from time to time.
Shillong: The KSU Nongstoin Circle has demanded from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to open a GNM Nursing at the Civil Hospital Nongstoin. Those who are in the detoxification room.
How long shall we silence and shut the mouths of the brave and the fighters? Do we not know who the wise men were who went to knock on the door of King Herod's house? However, we firmly believe that they are heroes who fight for the rights of the people and the people.
The Minister said they also discussed with the Cabinet the order of the Meghalaya High Court which has suspended all government appointments until there is a roster system.
Rodaline Dkhar, 86, of Nongthymmai, Tinku Tati, 79, of Leprosy Colony, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi, Prem Bahadur Limbu, (72) of Mynthong, West Jaintia Hills, were arrested. Adalin Bairo, 48, of Tynring, Bringwell Bani, 82, of 4th Mile, Upper Shillong, were taken to Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai. Monica Valarie Rynjah, 43, of Laban, Shillong, was taken to Bethany Hospital, Shillong.
It does not push the fact that according to the 6th Schedule, the District Councils have been recognized as the guardians and guardians of the identity of the people in Meghalaya.
This came earlier this year after the Central Government sent the G20 Dinner Invitation to President Droupadi Murmu under the title “President of India” instead of “President”. of India”.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Kanang Lyngshiang, Congress candidate for the 2023 MLA election from Mawkynrew Constituency as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Teibor Shadap as the chief guest.
Mulang Ialong and Mookasawan Dongnein won two goals each for Samaro and Newhill.
This order of the Deputy Commissioner will come into force from 5th July 2023 and will continue until further notice.
If you work, you can get others.
South Garo Hills has 11 cases, South West Garo Hills has 19 cases, South West Khasi Hills has 42 cases, including 5 cases in Koltapara, 7 cases in Lawblei, 3 cases in Mawbidong and 20 cases in Mawlangwir.
James Sylliang, MDC, speaking to reporters on Friday:
“We have already posted the invitation on the government website.
The polling for the election of the members of the 1st Legislative Assembly of the State will be held on Tuesday where the people from 59 constituencies will go to 3,419 polling stations to cast their votes. The polling station, according to their will and choice to decide whom to elect from among the 369 candidates who came out to contest the election including 36 women.
Rupang has learned that many houses have been destroyed in Ummulong, Moodymmai and Saipung areas as well.
The meeting was conducted by PS Phawa Joint Secretary and speeches were delivered by N Sungoh President Jowai Circle, Suni Bareh President Western Region and others.
Shillong: Dr TK Kharbamon, Vice Chancellor of MLCU on Friday evening launched a book titled “The Welsh Presbyterian Mission in Sylhet, Bangladesh and Jaintia”. written by Marilyn Lewis, daughter of the Lewis missionaries from Wales.
He said that through this facility, it will be ensured that skilled sailors and sailors will be able to compete with other countries of the world. Russia and other places to compete.
On the other hand, the Congress-led opposition said it has not yet taken any decision whether to dissolve the EC of Bah Nongrum.
The robot, called Optimus II, has learned to sdieh pylleng on its own, and has learned to dance, just by sending it to do these things.
“The District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills today has called us to clarify the rules of the Election Commission of India regarding our demand for the recount of votes in Mylliem. The counting of votes on that day was not a pleasure for us and the counting process was also difficult even on the part of the voters who should have counted the votes. Speaking to reporters after leaving the DEO's office, Dr Ricky said, “What are the steps we will take on this demand for re-election? “It's the best thing we should take,” said Dr Ricky.
In the second half, Emisakani Warjri scored 3/18 and Sistilin Ryntathiang scored 2/8 to end the tie at 86/7 in 20 overs.
It is too hot and does not have enough air to support life, if it has it.
He said that small jobs or those under Grade IV should no longer be called for interview but should be allowed to the villagers to do these jobs. Why should we bring in Shillong residents, why should we send them abroad when the villagers can also work?” he asked.
In a horse race, there is a making (now known as Match Fixing) between the owner, the jockey, so there are the steward jockeys who try to prevent the winner. Making because the making players try to come second instead of winning at the Finishing Point and the jockeys are Khasi, Garkhali and others.
Without mistakes you will not be wise." But if they are statements and judgments without teachings and without advice, these are like a deadly sword against the wicked, we have not killed with a sword, and we have not killed a soul.
Deibormi Rangad scored 39 runs from 36 balls and Tammiki Tariang scored 15 runs from 18 balls.
I invite and invite other friends to come and take part when the Sonapyrdi Tourism and Development Society organizes such a walk again to see and witness the beauty of this Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
“Our MP who was elected as Children's Minister has been removed from his post instead of being promoted to Cabinet Minister and this shows that he is not right,” said the President of the UDP. The meeting was also attended by UDP leaders including MLAs and was conducted by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh MLA from Mairang.
“Don't take advantage not only to accuse but also to help the state government with the money to rebuild those who have been destroyed,” he said.
As the President of the Seng from Ri-Bhoi District, he also requested the Tourism Department of the state to visit this monument, which has a heritage story about it. It is also worth mentioning that if the state government takes action through this department, it will build a tourist spot, which is a beautiful place, which can see many villages besides it.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Blah said that during his tenure as Waheh Shnong, the cooperation between the village leaders, parents and youth has been there until many projects such as development projects have been carried out. spread inside the Shnong.
“The formation of the PDF was not a mistake, we have been able to resume our work, the PDF has gone to the Supreme Court and we have been able to work. it is not so long as it is now.
“This is a day of remembrance for the village and for the health department and also for me as the leader of this area that they have been able to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the Sub-Centre in Ngunraw village,” said Bah Pius.
This decision was taken at a meeting held on Tuesday.
Shillong: Punjab's Seilenthang Lotjem scored three goals to beat Manipur 3-0 in the Group B match of the Hero Junior National Football Championship (DR BC Roy Trophy) at Polo Stadium on Saturday. day.
One of them said that those who wish to hold a wine festival can obtain a license to hold but the price will be T.2500 per day.
The neighboring farmers, when they heard the sound of her crying, came to ask and help her, but nothing happened. They saw that she was running from one Stiar Hali to another. Stiar is like a fool and they don't know why.
The numbers are wrong.
It is also a team with 25 clean sheets.
Qin said that when it comes to weapons, China has thought carefully and does not want to sell or send weapons to any country amid Russia's war. and Ukraine at this time.
After discussing the matter with the District Home Guard, the Seng said that they have already sent to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to get the information. do what is necessary.
On the occasion of the Air Force Day, all the units within the Eastern Air Command celebrated the 91st Anniversary of the IAF by holding various programmes.
The All India Football Federation (AIFF) has requested the sports department to allow these two teams to take part in the tournament.
The first semifinal will be played between Lakadong Ummat FT and Borghat FT at 12:00 pm.
To encourage young people to start their own businesses and to provide them with the assistance they needvii.
The inquiry came two days after Pakistan called for an inquiry into an Indian official to strongly oppose violations of the ceasefire along the Line of Control (LoC). causing the death of two civilians and injuring others.
Four cases were reported from Kamrup Metro, three from Dibrugarh, two from Jorhat and one from Chirang, Karimganj, Basistha in Guwahati and Mahendra Mohan Choudhury Hospital (MMCH) in Guwahati.
Regarding the traffic, the order from the DC's office explained that vehicles from private vehicles to public vehicles must have passes to enter the roads and shops such as restaurants. They cannot be opened but they must be taken home.
“This vehicle is not suitable for use in this rural area where it takes more than 6 hours from Shillong to Jowai and the cost has reached T.6,000,” said the Director. The Department of Legal Metrology said this while talking to reporters.
He said that if there was no polling in Sohiong after the death of the UDP candidate, the turnout would have increased to 86 percent as Sohiong is the most popular polling station.
However, they should conduct examinations so that the students can come and write at the centres.
Regarding the government's action, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC), said that he has just received the government's action. They have to hold a meeting before taking a decision, because their answer is that they have not accepted the government's proposal and they don't want to have a discussion to know who it is. there are pluses and minuses.
The NPP government has dismissed more than 1000 teachers of LP schools...now pray for me...In the public service, you will be criticized forever.
Yoomi Patwet scored 73 runs off 32 balls while Chamitreman Lamare of Amity took three wickets in four overs.
“Bah Ryntathiang has a spirit of service which distinguishes him from other leaders,” said the CEM. UDP MDC Tistosstarwell Chyne said that the most important thing that impresses Bah Ryntathiang is the it is your humility.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Bah GK Iangrai, MPS, who is the Assistant Inspector General (AIG) of Police, has been arrested by the CID after his release from Shillong District Jail today.
However, when news came out that there were people who had been demanded and paid the money according to the media reports, he did not hesitate to come forward to explain because this puts his life in danger. .
But when they have been accepted as teachers since then, why should the government devise such a scheme? This is the violation of human rights.
“When he said that he has brought pride to the State in many areas, I remember how he has brought pride to the youth of the State by failing to provide employment opportunities and destroy their hope for the future.
After doing so, he fled the scene and the Nihangs chased him and arrested him near a hospital. from thy body, they said again.
Shillong, Lber 31: Police this morning shot dead a GNLA member involved in the shooting death of a woman at Rajarongpat village under Chokpot Police Station.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The UHM United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) North Khasi Hills District has strongly condemned the illegal construction of the bridge on the Umshang River in Mawhati Constituency by Dhar Company. Development MLA.
When the Men Kmie understood that he was angry, she stopped and said nothing more.
Besides, the KSA warns the KSA leaders to take responsibility if there is any conflict in Meghalaya and Assam.
It was also agreed to install computers in the storage of documents according to the current era.
The officer of the department said that the land acquisition fee for the project has already been paid and the government has spent T 3.40 crore to pay the land fee.
He said that earlier the development of the North Eastern Region was stalled due to the lack of funds to the North-East Council, but the Prime Minister has restructured and introduced a new role in terms of resources. economy of the North East by initiating major projects at the central government level.
“Therefore, we want to understand and visit and talk to Assam that these villages who want to come to Assam are surrounded by Khasi and Garo villages and it would be good if they too fall under Meghalaya,” he said. added.
Where did the children of the land come from?
“I went to meet the AICC chief because I feel it is necessary for the leaders from Delhi to know the situation in the state.
Nongpoh: Members of HANM, Western Ri Bhoi Circle, today raided several foreigners, who came to work without proper documents, in the villages in the district. place Umrit, Newspaper.
“If tomorrow it is found that the fish have been tested again by the Food and Safety Department, then these fish will have to be removed immediately,” she said.
He said that the pig farming industry has been promoted in order to meet the demand for pig meat in the State.
Those who still have the right to participate in this Raid ritual as performed by their ancestors, the San Kur Khatwei Kur.
This, then, cannot be your friend at all – at all, I don't think that the Longshuwa – Manshuwa are so stupid, they welcome foreigners and destroy the Khasei – Khasoi men! I'm still ST.
Bly ng ki women who are armed within 3 months of blade kmto slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly die.
In a statement sent by Rgh F.Kharrubon Secretary Lum Sohpetbneng Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, he said that the District Administration has refused to comply with the Order Memo No.DCRB (GENL) -A, dated 21.1.2021 from the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, has requested all the relatives and friends not to feel sorry that on this occasion we will not be able to invite the public.
Foreign traders are those who ask for money from their parents to buy clothes and to enrich foreign companies like Juti companies, Jain Sut companies, Tshirt companies etc.
MTPEPS invites everyone to attend the festival and enjoy the traditional food and specially prepared drinks.
Since the opening of the Dorbar on 9 November 1946, the Constituent Assembly has met for three years from 1946 to
It can be said here that the residents of Nongjrong are very thoughtful and farsighted because they have not given up on the fertile land and the Synsar market which will provide synsar to all the households around. in India.
At the time of writing, it has not been confirmed whether the robbers have stolen the money from the bank and police are conducting investigation into the incident. affair.
Ramesh Dkhar, Tellme also known as Bor Pyrtuh and Sampher Ksoo are suspects involved in the murder of two drivers to steal the vehicle of (L) Fullmoon Kharsahnoh. and (L) Damehipaia Papeng, another driver of commercial vehicles from Jowai.
The incident occurred when the Bengaluru-Howrah Superfast Express and the Shalimar-Chennai Central Coromandel Express collided with a freight train.
Punjab has shared more than 500-km of border with Pakistan where BSF troops have been patrolling and drones and unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have flown into parts of Pakistan. country along with drugs and firearms where this has been an area of ​​extreme concern for national security forces for over the last four years.
The injury forced Hima to miss the Federation Cup held in Ranchi last month.
The meeting discussed the shortage of kilos of ration received from the wholesalers and the shortage of Umphniang Sharak.
Regarding the fourth package, the Court said that the work should proceed and the government should expedite the work.
“I would like to express my gratitude to the party which elected the woman and the people who elected the female MLA from Saipung Constituency to express the voice of the people in the Legislative Assembly,” she said. It has encouraged women to become leaders in addressing the problems faced by the people of the state.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Seng Khihlang has strongly condemned the groups that have banned the electricity supply by MeECL but the demand for electricity has reached 600 MW. The Seng Khasi, Mylliem has decided to inaugurate the foundation stone at Mylliem Old Market on the 24th of this month for the construction of the Thangbriew Cemetery.
Police said the four men met a man named Abu in Pakistan through social media.
Conrad said the Meghalaya government has urged Amit Shah that there should be no shortage in the release of beverages from Assam and the cooperation of the Meghalaya government and The Government of Assam is in need.
In the second half, Pomshutia CC won the toss and failed to score the first goal.
Shilong: The Union of Mawhiang Rangbah Shnongs under the leadership of its President Bah Saindur Nongbet, office bearers and all members of the union, has donated about 113 households to the residents of Mawhiang.
In the presence of KSU President Samla Lambokstar Marngar and other KSU leaders who gathered before the District Court, KSU General Secretary Samla Donald V Thabah told reporters. “Members of the KSU have been arrested in connection with any incident.
Shillong, July 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has alleged that Prof. AN Rai has turned NEHU into his resting place after Rai was appointed Chairman of the NAAC. He left NEHU immediately and it was clear that while he did not get a place elsewhere he would stay inside the university but as soon as he got it he fled.
The way to respect, protect and fully participate in women's administration in communities, kingdoms and the Church.
He said the JAC has not supported the mining of uranium and strongly opposes the Expression of Interest (EOI) of UCIL to mine uranium but it needs a road which is the source of development. is one of the most backward areas in the state.
However, we, the original inhabitants, don't see that and don't respect the environment.
No one is allowed to enter the parking lots provided by the village by vehicle.
“If people ask questions on this scheme, I cannot know what their opinion is, because my opinion is for the sake of my constituency. CCTV cameras in Jail Road, Lower Jail Road, Upper Jail Road, Police Bazar, Jaiaw Pdeng and other places, this is for the safety and security of the constituency.
Shillong, March 23: Five Bangladeshis were arrested by BSF troops in Gumaghat, South West Khasi Hills district on the 21st of this month.
Where does the Government start? The answer is from God and the Word of God has to speak about that Government.
The program was held on Tuesday at Block Headquarters with the participation of Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, Religious Leaders, BMC-SSA, Principals, Headmistress, Teachers, School Students, Anganwadi, Women's Wing and Youth. .
Now I am one of the best students in astrophysics Ph.D.
Shillong, October 27: The Sohiong Block Congress Committee (KHADC) has decided to nominate Bah Nathaniel O.Rymmai, son of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Home Affairs, as the mid-term MDC candidate from Sohiong. ) to be announced soon.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma today said that the government has spent about Rs 655 crore in the last two years to fight against Covid-1 the state.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that no exact report has been received yet on the positive case of Covid-1
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, Byrnihat PHC, today announced that the Byrnihat PHC will be closed from 16th to 21st of this month due to the confirmation of COVID-1 this month.
At present, it seems that the government has put the department on hold because it has not given any signs to revive the department after it has faced difficulties in the previous administration and a case has been filed against it. you don't have to pay for this job.
Nongstoiñ, March 19: Many villages in the border areas have to walk to and from the area due to the lack of roads.
When asked, the President of the Lympung ki Seng Kynthei said, “It is true that women cannot participate in the Dorbar but you have to look at the times. It is necessary to participate and cooperate because the work of cooperation between men and women brings good.
All parties or candidates shall respect other candidates or parties and shall not disturb or disrupt public meetings of other political parties or distribute party leaflets or to hold public meetings in places where there are meetings of other political parties or to remove posters of other parties by followers of other parties which is a violation of the Election Act Section 127 of the Representation of People's Act
Ticket prices are VIP (West) – Rs 500, D1 Covered Gallery (West) – Rs 100, D2 Covered Gallery (West) – Rs 100, D3 Covered Gallery (East) – Rs 50, D4 Covered Gallery (East ) – Rs 50, E1 Covered Gallery (East)- Rs 70 bad C (Open gallery east) – Rs 30.
In the FIR, Hamlet said that Sangma has been selling shyiap and stone illegally in the area since 2010 until now in the area which is still under the PWD. this place for your personal benefit.
Even the residents of the villages do not agree with this method of demarcation between the two states because the two governments have not listened to the voice of the people but the people allege that they have been threatened by the authority against their desire to be deported to Assam.
Many will not be able to turn to other sources instead of electricity.
Urging the youth to take part in the competition, Bah Donbor said that since childhood he wanted to become a famous actor in English films like Arnold Schwarzenegger and this is what gave him. spirit him to fight until he becomes as he is now.
After that he said, “I have been different from him since then... He doesn't even want to meet me anymore, once he sees me somewhere he avoids me as much as he can.
“We also strongly condemn the MLA of the constituency, Comming Ymbon, who has been blind to this work,” said the KSU leaders. KSU Laskein Circle General Secretary Leningrad Tariang has said that the KSU Laskein Circle has not completed the construction of this road.
Samla Thabah said the KSU will also take up the issue with the CM for immediate action.
Shillong: The office of the Officer in Charge of Civil Defence, Ri Bhoi District is looking for Civil Defense and Home Guard Volunteers to work for the District Council Election,
On the other hand, the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examination which will start on the same day (3rd October) will witness 32,006 students to sit for the examination.
Before the opening ceremony, the MP inspected the shyiap ground where the Dorbar Shnong plans to build a mini stadium and a mini indoor stadium.
The Ministry of Education of the Union Government has directed the Meghalaya Government to reduce the part-time dropout rate of children.
Currently, those injured in sports go to the cities for treatment.
The club invites clubs from near and far to take part in the tournament as part of raising funds for the club and at the same time to develop the football talents of the youth of the area.
Latyrke opened the scoring in the 44th minute through Fadical Pohshna and Lamyrsiang turned the tide in the 76th minute through Go Goa Hangsing.
However, they end up only in the field and not even in the house,” said Prestone.
Nongpoh: Members of the National Commission for Protection of Children (NCPCR) in collaboration with the MCPCR and the District Authorities in Ri Bhoi District today held a program The Redressal Matter of Child Rights Violation, or a special meeting between these people from the Department of Child Rights, officers and school children, to find out the problems faced. and children within the District.
West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WKA) beat DCA by seven wickets in the Zone 1 Group B match of the U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament. The MCA will play at Umbuda Stadium, Nongpoh.
Shillong: Taxi drivers who have been waiting for tourist vehicles from Assam and other states, have expressed their suffering since the recent riots in Shillong.
For those who are interested, please call 88370 53984 and
The ECC has expressed its regret and regret over the government's failure to shut down these illegal factories and condemned the Forest Minister James Sangma for forgetting his duty to protect the environment and health. the health of people.
Jowai, November 06: The top leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) have not yet taken a decision on the Government's request for them to come forward to continue the peace talks.
Why? Because you are in Por Gingaiei.
Referring to the news, whether on media channels or social media, the desire of some MLAs/MDCs to publish their visits and to publish pictures of those who need assistance are like those who receive assistance from their own funds.
Khliehriat, March 28 : The office of the Electoral Registration Officer, Rymbai Doloi Election Election (Rymbai) District Council has clarified to the public regarding the election of the full Doloi in Rymbai District. Doloi (L) Elios Swer, who died in a drowning in the Prang River on 19th July 2019, has been appointed by the authorities as the Acting Doloi.
However, more than 10 months have passed since the last meeting but the work has not reached any conclusion.
Announcing this in the presence of party office bearers, Ivanlumlang said that his resignation is not because he has been forced or dismissed but because he has a job. they are not responsible for the household chores.
I came here to understand the party and the working of the government,” said Joshi, when asked about the death of Bah Pynshngain.
This means that these are kings and kingdoms ruled by evil spirits.
As a state which is still facing many challenges, we should not ask for bloodshed lest we lose it.
He said the least accommodations were for female students.
He said that the main task is to repair the site as much as possible, although the cost for the repair and maintenance of the site is not yet known and the cost will be covered.
Pandey said that in many government departments, there has been a problem because they do not have the names to set aside for persons with disabilities who get government jobs, there is also no information on the jobs allocated. to the people who are not members.
The party also urges the users of social media not to criticize anyone on social media because unfounded criticism cannot build the society. Therefore, if the party finds anyone who has accused the society of violence, the party will not allow it, said the statement.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills, has had to repeal Section 144 CrPC by amending Section 5 of the CrPC which prohibits the holding of processions or victory rallies. The polling day for the Lok Sabha elections will be held on July
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin has announced that he has tested positive for the coronavirus.
Since 1917, the Assam Rifles has had its headquarters at Zodin (Lammual) and Khatla, Aizawl.
Only Hiram passed well with 70 percent while his sister did not even pass in the first grade.
After continuing their winless and at the same time unbeaten journey for three consecutive games, the team recently beat Sreenidi Deccan FC 2-0 They have won the I-League.
There have been 235 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
Shillong, June 22: The 29th Karate Team of Meghalaya under the leadership of Bah Sensei Mingson Rymbai and Sensei Arjun Sewa as coach and manager will take part in the 3rd Leongthang Shotokan Karate Tournament. Karate Championship 2022 will be held at Deshbhakta Tarum Ram Phookan Indoor Stadium, Guwahati from 23rd to 24th June
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Education Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Joint Secretary of the Meghalaya Board of Education (MBoSE), Bah M. Marbaniang. The Social Science textbook in Class-X has been written incorrectly by including Eastern West Khasi Hills District in the list of Garo Hills.
Some of them said, “Open up opportunities for us to start our own businesses and to recognize our potential; don't look at our shortcomings.
The next step came.
He said that the opposition still has a disease in the government as it has experienced in previous years but this government will show its strength tomorrow.
Eiladki scored the second goal in the 45+5 minutes to give Meghalaya a 4-0 lead in the first half.
“On the 20th when the membership was announced, the leaders did not consult the Youth Congress, but during the protests and rallies they remembered us,” said Bah Dkhar.
James A. Borland in his book, How Jesus Viewed and Valued Women, expressed Jesus' attitude towards women.
At the same time, they said that their struggle this time is to ensure that when they reach the goal of victory, they will be able to bring about many development opportunities in the constituency as Ranikor is a constituency with still lagging behind in many ways.
The Roster System reservation policy is not yet complete, so it should include about 5 percent of the Schedule Castes in Meghalaya, which is also in accordance with the needs of the time to protect this group. they have not been blessed.
One of the teachers told me the first time we had an interview for the papers, “You don't speak Hindi, you don't speak English, you don't speak Hindi”. Even when I speak English they don't understand me because I don't speak well.
The campaign was launched after the Ministry of Women and Child Development announced to abolish the Supplementary Nutrition Program which has been allocated to 10% due to the shortage of Aadhar holders among the poor women who have children. and Children between 0-6 years of age in the State.
The State Government has empowered the Deputy Commissioners of different districts to decide on the need to set up containment areas for any eligible villages as well as other decisions need to be taken within the districts of they.
After five years of schooling in 2012, Bah Shlur is now studying BA 1st Year and said that he completed his matriculation in Second Division level.
He said that in fact, there was an invitation to attend the meeting but they did not feel like attending the meeting.
He said that as students they should be able to endure the hardships and trials in life, because many temptations and trials come, but they should not be the reasons for defeat, because the world is I encourage the students not to cause poverty but to work hard as the government helps through scholarships which the students should not. he added.
Referring to the Ganol Hydel Power Project, the Chief Minister said that in 2014, T.116 crore was allocated for the construction of the power plant but at the time of awarding the tender, T.116 crore was allocated. 248 crore and to complete the construction of the power plant the cost will be T.350 crore.
British citizens will be able to witness the accession of Charles and earlier they had the opportunity to witness the accession of Queen Elizabeth in
“To recall the ILP or Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 is an old demand that is still alive and well today.
Gorkha Association beat Lawmali 3-0 with the goals scored by V Sharma 28', A Ramsiej 31' and R Thapa 53'
There are 13 polling stations, 12 in the headquarters of different districts and one in the Sohra Civil Sub Division,” said the CEO of the state, Bah FR Kharkongnor.
The tourist attraction is located at Wahkhen village, about 54 km from Shillong via the Shillong-Tamabil (Dawki) road, said a statement from Bah Snar S Malngiang, Secretary. Tourism Promotion Trekking Society,Wahkhen.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP), which has also appointed Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the party as one of the members of the committee, has accepted the invitation of the government and decided to attend. to this meeting because the issue of Reservation Policy was included.
Kohli was accompanied by Jaydev Unadkat, who has recovered from a shoulder injury.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) would like to thank the State Government for supporting the Meghalaya Games with T.2.23 crore. of the state.
The establishment of this Presbytery Youth Assembly 25 years ago is an inspiration to the youth of Pariong Nongsynrih Presbytery.
“According to the CM, the implementation of this project has its own phases which have been scheduled for completion.
In a statement issued on Friday, Rgh DK Dkhar, President of the Khasi Kmie, in the presence of Rgh Haines Marbaniang General Secretary and Bah I Sun, Chairman Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, said that on the 30th of this month, The participation in this day is very grateful to Lawnongthroh and also to Mei Mawbuh. The Committee of Tymmen U San, members of the Lum Sophtebneng Committee and member of the District Executive Committee of the Khasi Kmie.
Meghalaya has won 41 medals from this tournament alone.
The team is looking forward to qualifying for the tournament in Ranchi with the aim of finishing as one of the top three teams and also to qualify for the Paris 2024 Olympics.
“If it is in this form, there is no point for the opposition to go to the House,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
“I don't know,” replied Banrilang's mother.
Various policies and measures have been implemented in various fields to further improve the opportunities to deliver benefits to all and develop the country," the Minister said.
In the fiscal year 2014-15, the state government has accepted 11,227 schools in the state to benefit from this scheme.
Daniel appeared in a London Magistrate's Court on 28 July this year and was charged and arrested for his involvement in two incidents in the Royal Air Force (RAF). Stafford and Central England near the military base where he lived.
This is something I know very well, so the Food Safety Inspectors are the best qualified to do it,” she said.
On the other hand, the HSPDP candidate, Bah Sandondor Ryntathiang, while speaking on the many comments between one candidate against another, said, “The ideas of the jutang have become too expensive to listen to. it is to please someone, both to strengthen and to condemn.
He said that there are 4 IVCS in Ri-Bhoi and two IVCS in Umling block, Umwang IVCS and Mawlong Nongtluh IVCS. IVCS Umkon IVCS is the leading IVCS in the state, and this IVCS not only raises funds but also does many kinds of support and assistance and stand on its own feet.
More than 40,000 grams of Ganja and more than 11,000 grams of Opium were seized.
The National Commission for Women's (NCW) has recommended to the government that the confession of sins in Catholic churches should be abolished completely. The Kerala Catholic Bishops Conference (CBC) has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi today to oppose the commission's proposal. of the commission.
I didn't shoot them or I didn't really lock them up,” he said in the video.
Process said that if a new EC comes to the District Council, the EC should be led by the PDF. “If a new EC comes, it should be led by the PDF,” said Process. He also said that if the PDF can form an EC under his leadership, he will show what he will do.
Mar OP Shylla scored the third goal (54, 60).
Where are the police, where are the BSF and the law enforcement agencies, when all along the border, such incidents happen from time to time? Therefore, the Hima and Village Authorities have the right to arrest such persons and to prevent their entry, even if they may be Indian authorities, but they should also inform the Government authorities. these activities, are prescribed by statutory provisions.
The fable of Aesop has already taught us all.
The incident occurred at 9:30 pm on Tuesday night, when a Maruti Van, which was coming from Byrnihat, collided with a vehicle. The number plate is AS-25EC-2
However, now that the NPP has come, the Seng Riewlum has become weaker and weaker.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong said that regarding the incident of Bah Thangkhiew, a report has already been submitted to the House.
The inclusion of many foods rich in protein is important for supporting the muscles.
He completed this under the supervision of Professor Munmun Majumdar.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Leaders of the Congress party who are now MLAs and MDCs as well as the candidates who won the elections from the party in the 2013 elections have now shocked that they have not visited many villages in the country. Their constituencies said that the people who used to support them this time have turned their backs on the Congress party and this has encouraged them to continue to contest from the party in the 2018 MLA elections.
The National Cancer Registry Program 2020 report released by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) and the National Center for Disease Information and Research (NCDIR), Bengaluru estimates that by in India, it will reach 13.9 lakh and this could increase to 15.7 lakh by 2025 at the current rate.
Furthermore, during the school holidays, he used to go to graze the cows as part of helping his father. The talent of this young man is not limited to music but he also has the ability to make many kinds of musical instruments from bisli, duitara and others. other musical instruments and he enjoyed playing traditional songs especially patriotic songs and religious songs.
The Minister praised former Nongstoin MLA Macmillan Byrsat who was in the former MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Prime Minister for employing more than 40 teachers in the state. Arts Stream.
The pastor himself was shocked, because he called him “Kondongpa”.
He didn't want to ask anyone but he believed that one day he would know the reason.
Secretary, Mr. Grossper Ryntathiang Organizing Secretary, Mr. Pynshongdor Nongbri Finance Secretary, Mr. Londoner Sohtun President Youth Wing & Media Cell in-charge, Mr. Ronald Kharshiing Secretary Youth Wing, Mr. Alester Diengdoh Legal Cell in-charge, Mr. Bobby Majaw CEC Member, Mr. CEC Member Prain Singh Syiemlieh and CEC Member Defender Pakem have sent their resignation letters to the Vice President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang.
Then to ‘Hopkinson Road’, Lachaumiere to ‘Martin N Majaw Road’.
One of the women who went to buy food from the food distribution center said that when she got home she wanted to clean up to avoid the smell but when she poured water into the bul she broke the Shira. I said that as soon as the water fell, the darkness in the shira rose like a bread of stone in a well that was covered with hands.
Shillong, Lber, 08: The Meghalaya High Court has extended the sentence of 10 years to a man convicted of raping a 5-year-old girl. age.
“Although I have formed many parties, I have never used or taken advantage of them during elections, where my purpose in forming any party is to bring about development, but not to take advantage of the opportunity to win the elections,” said Bah Lapang.
And the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works.
If the Ri Khasi Jaintia were to be rebuilt now, how big and wide would it be? As it has been in the past years until today, other ethnic groups from northern Assam and Bangladesh have come from time to time to invade and disrupt the peace and order of our people living in the area. Borders.
Regarding this proposal of the HNLC, the FKJGP urges the State Government to take action and also to appoint a ksiang so that the peace talks can move forward.
Two other players of Mawkhar received yellow cards.
Shangpliang threatened to take the matter to the Legislative Assembly on his findings.
Chyne said that the decision of the people to support the new MDCs in GHADC and it may be that the people do not want to elect the candidates. He said that the election is the contest of the candidates themselves, because the party is just rap. He said that many of the candidates of the UDP in this MDC election are not without having enough time to prepare well for this election.
The leading actors in the film are Pynlaitme Lypon, Shrerilin Khongwar, Evansius Kharsohphra, Regina Lamo and others.
Rohit Rai took three wickets and Shavian Blah took two wickets for Rangkynsai.
“We have decided not to accept the GST by bringing the decision in the Legislative Assembly.
However, the disease must bring about a change in life, governance, way of life and the future will be new.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, on Tuesday visited all the households who have been infected with COVID-19 and those in the Meghalaya-Assam border areas. The Nongmihkhmat elected by the people should not hesitate to visit those families who have been infected with COVID-1
Teachers of 9 schools under the cluster from UPS Factory, Pasadwar UPS, Lumpyngngad UPS, LPS Govt Factory, Lumpyngngad Presbyterian LPS , Lumpyngngad RCLPS and Kamsing LPS. The chief guest on the occasion was Bah Salan Swer, Officer in charge of Pasadwar Range Forest Officer. Talang, village officials from neighboring villages, parents of school children and others.
The Joint Action Committee of the 7 Villages of Mawkhar area, has held a ceremony to honor the Chief Minister, in which the group of Rangbah Shnongs, has presented a gift to the Chief Minister. and let him kiss his wife as a sign of honor.
The pollution of these two rivers is due to the lack of awareness of the people for the benefits of these two rivers.
He said that if the NPP comes to power, it will take action to resolve the border issue in the second phase by bringing Block I and II into the state and other places like Langpih, Psiar. worse and worse.
In the complaint, Amitesh recalled the incident in 1979 when for more than a year there was riots during Durga Puja, Diwali and Christmas.
Donny R.Ranee (Meghalaya).
Today, the President of the BPJ, Mr. Nadda, has accused his own Government of being corrupt.
According to the residents of the area who did not want to be named, regarding the closure of the parking lot which has been reserved for the visitors of the area, the reason for the The main reason for the closure of the venue was due to the riots of some of the visitors.
As soon as the Municipal officials arrived, the land vendors fled. As soon as the Municipal officials fled, the land vendors came out again and this happened in places like Motphran and GS road.
Shillong: The body of Lapynshai L. Mawlot, 13, of the Tihiang River, has been recovered by the State Disaster Response Force (STF) this morning.
Most of those arrested are in their 30s, police said.
The statement said that it is surprising that the post of ar maloi has been discussed only for MLAs who are MDCs, but there has been no restriction on those who hold the posts of Chairman, Parliamentary Secretaries and others. “Shouldn't they be included in the jobs they get, shouldn't they be included as well, can we believe that the government's intention is for the good in all aspects,” said the statement.
At present, they said that the only tax they have to pay is VAT 14.5%, Forest T.240 (which is the price increased from the usual tax), Professional Tax. , Sale Tax, Labor License and these have to be renewed every year and when they renew they have to pay thousands of tyngka. They don't even have to pay taxes or renew their documents.
Nagaland needed only 24.5 overs to take all 10 wickets.
This speech was delivered by Prof. Andrew May, one of the great grandsons of Thomas Jones.
Nongpoh, July 30: Many of the people of the state or other leaders in the state especially the political leaders may have that confusion, after the National Vice President of the BJP, u Chuba Ao paid a special visit to Dr. DD Lapang at his residence in Shillong.
The decision came a few days after BJP leader Himalaya M Shangpliang left the BJP and joined the NPP. brother Mawrie.
It would be good if Prof. Henry Lamin should also reveal the names of those who collect wealth because perhaps he knows well who came to collect wealth from NEHU. NIRF Ranking is for the sake of teachers and not for the sake of the Vice-Chancellor.
We also asked the manager or supervisor in charge of the plant and from the employees, they said that the owner is a Marwari from Rajasthan and another is a Khasi from West Khasi Hills.
Shillong: A family of Borming Nongbsaw from Manad village, has been forced to stay in the forest after his son returned from Shillong on the 6th of this month.
Superintendent of Police East Garo Hills District, Ringrang TG Momin has been transferred and appointed as Superintendent of Police (Anti-Infiltration) Shillong.
“The Congress leader, who is also preparing to contest from Sutnga-Saipung constituency in the upcoming MLA elections in the state, said that during his visit to every household, he found that the poverty is very severe. in a region where there is a lot of coal.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 16: According to a statement issued by Bah Daiapherbha Lamare, of Sonapyrdi, the contractor of NHAI, has decided to start repairing the National Highway 6 in the area. NHAI employees have started delivering materials for the repair of the road in Narpuh area.
Residents who wish to delete the names of their deceased relatives can fill out Form 7 within the above dates.
The KAS has also written to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to demand that the government should take a decision to demand the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
Mawkyrwat, June 06: The Kur Syiemlieh Sawkpoh under the Hima Maharam, South West Khasi Hills on Tuesday, June 5, 2022 following a statement issued by the Revenue & Disaster Management Department on June 9, The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, Shillong, has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong to complain. against this.
(1) In the year 1830, when the French arrived in Khasi Jaintia, the population was only 20,0
“I appeal to the people to allow me once and if the people of Mairang allow me there will be no more children to be abandoned, no more poor children to be abandoned and everyone is right. In Mairang Constituency , there are many families who sleep at night and see the stars of the moon and during the rainy season they have to accept “If I win, my goal is that within 40 years there will be no more such families in the constituency,” said Bah Shanlang.
Meghalaya has 60 MLAs and earlier the Chief Minister announced that he has donated 10 months salary to the refugees who were affected by the natural disaster during their pilgrimage to the state. the state.
A child, the daughter of the family, was also reportedly killed in the house.
Speaking to media after the HLC meeting, AL Hek said, “The PWD department is ready to find land to build the road from elsewhere. who walks in the middle of the Golf Course.
When asked about the ownership of this land, he said, “The ownership of this land belongs to our people because this land was given by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, but when the government wanted to relocate us, We are ready to move but the government should accept our demands so we will not be able to move here”.
On the other hand, the National President of the NPP and the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the party is well prepared for the 2023 elections.
Gadale also warned that if the government does not take action on his demand, he is ready to hold a mass protest.
It will now operate across India and this will benefit those who leave their villages and go abroad,” said Modi.
The most important varieties of rice found in the northern parts of India and which are suitable for Khasi-Jaintia are: Magnum Bonum, Up-to-Date, Darjeeling Red Round, Royal Kidney, and Great Scot.
“The aim of the protest is to forcefully kill the demand for ILP of the political parties to prevent the entry of foreigners into the state,” said Bah Bristar Mawthoh, Vice President of FKJGP Mawryngkneng.
The Tourism Sector is one of the sources of employment for the youth and we have seen that many of our youth are skilled in these jobs.
He said that Tripura was worst affected by the disease in 2014 and after that year, there was a 4 percent decrease in the number of states affected by the disease.
Shillong: There will be a three-day election for the post of CEM of Bah HS Shylla in the KHADC Dorbar which will start from tomorrow, 20th November.
The release of US documents happened recently in the past few days this month, and has also brought threat to the US due to the public release of its procedures at this time. .
U Bah Michael N.Syiem said that the state should pass a law to include all girls and boys, so that the nation can be strong in the trade like other countries. world.
It was seen that at the time of being brought, Bah Julius, covered himself with a tupia syaid and covered himself with a tapmoh and covered his face.
According to reports released by Spanish media, the club are currently fighting to re-sign the star striker, who has been playing for Paris Saint-Germain since 2021.
However, when he meets or deals with the Dkhar, the Khasi feels that he is more stupid.
NER has also been involved in the ICCR, Government of India.
Finely L. Pariat, Secretary, Meghalaya State Athletic Association, in the presence of Ian Lyngdoh, Vice President, Lyntijingkyrmen, announced the spirit and talent of Lyntijingkyrmen. and also to award a cash prize of 2,000 tyngka as a sign of recognition to this child.
She is survived by her husband, five daughters and two sons along with grandchildren.
The body was found at a depth of about 370 feet of the coal mine.
Those who attended the function included Bah Mayral Born Shiem, MLA Nongpoh Constituency as the chief guest, Bah Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh, Bah R. Nongrum, BDO Umling C&RD Block, Bah Panjowel. Ibaphira Marboh, President of the VO and many other elders of the village.
I tried but others blocked me," he said.
“But now it has become clear how to defeat us,” he said.
There is no hope for the Jaidbynriew to continue to live in its customs, traditions, religions and customs.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) has received many complaints from mobile Aircel users demanding a refund of the money they have spent and have not used at all.
Arunachal Pradesh did not have much contact with the French in general and because of the lack of raieh raidam, the French did not have the opportunity to invade.
In the past eight months, East Jaintia Hills Police have seized more than 6 kilos of heroin and other narcotics and those arrested in these seizures have reached
Shillong, Nailur 09: A delegation of MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, CEM, on Thursday left for Goa to inspect the situation in the state. appear as a state capable of dealing with garbage and waste including from rotting to non-decomposing.
“I am pleased that all three units of the Ganol Hydro Power Plant have now been connected to the grid, increasing the generation of electricity,” the Chief Minister said on Twitter. Every year, it will also be a journey to achieve electricity supply.
“Before the police reached the scene, the child died after being shot in the hand and neck,” said Marak.
In his speech, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui said, “There has been a special arrangement by the Education Department for the children and students in Shillong.
The selected students were accompanied by three leaders including Dr Deboja Sharma, Dr Mautushi Das and Dr. Alamdar Husain. The main participants were from the Departments of Biology, Botany and Pharmaceutical Sciences.
You know that the Khar and Muslims come because of the Khasi women of our country, in Kashmir also the Kashmiri women are sitting because the Pakistanis change the custom law. I have done all these things.
Bah Warjri said that according to their investigation, the headmaster was not only a contractor but also worked as a contractor in the construction of the school building.
There will also be a traditional dance (La Riti) performed by the young men and women from various branches of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij Raij.
The ASHA has taken the initiative to enter every household to get detailed information while other departments have come easily.
He said that these five issues are the ones that the BJP Nongstoiñ wants the BJP Meghalaya and the BJP central body to agree on before proceeding with the elections.
In another match, Bankerbha Dkhar (23 min) and Besterly Ksih (38 min) scored 2-0 goals for Rymbai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School (East Jaintia Hills). -0 to Okkapara Secondary School (South West Garo Hills).
Before turning to the gate, a Peace Rally was held at Khanduli Football Ground led by the Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Bah Y.Nongspung. , HBDRF, ENJC, HYC and others.
One voice has decided to stand on the grounds that a letter has been sent to the Deputy Commissioner not to allow these equipment remaining at MCH Nongstoiñ to be taken to South West Civil Hospital.
The MP election campaign in Meghalaya will end on the evening of 17th June and the polling will be held on 19th June.
Each PA of each school has received points and marks.
Rev. ES Sapuh said that the Vocational Training Center in Dkhiah West will start next year with the funding of the Kyrmen Foundation.
Meanwhile, Turkish authorities have tightened security at all government offices, including the legislature and the Interior Ministry, following the blast.
The Minister was arrested after a raid, when he was taken for questioning to the ED headquarters in Chennai. He was taken to the ICU of Omandurar Government Multi-Specialty Hospital for treatment.
“The people no longer accept the news that appears on social media, but they know the purpose of spreading such news that the BJP is a political party against Christian churches. “Shullai said to the media.
However, now that it has become a part of our unique nation, it is like a bridge for other nations to enter our beloved country.
Meanwhile, the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) today clarified that the blue mark on Rahul's forehead is from a mobile phone and not at all. the canoe and gun.
George Franky Snaitang scored the first goal for Lai Ngut Chi Dus in the 70th minute and by the end Lai Ngut Chi Dus beat Maitshaphrang FC 1-0
Saleh alleged that many Afghan government officials had fled during the fighting against the Taliban.
Instead of asking directly, does your wife have a son or a daughter, O king? They asked him again, "Where was the king born?" But the star did not stop there at King Herod's house because it was still moving slowly toward the west.
Therefore, MEPA urges the organizers of the march to immediately arrest the people involved in this incident and hand them over to the law enforcement authorities and at the same time to apologize to these two journalists for their handshake and persecution.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 157 cases and these include 20 cases in Jaiaw, 3 cases in Lawjynriew, 3 cases in Lawsohtun, 7 cases in Lumparing Cluster, 36 cases in Mawlai Cluster, 4 cases in Mawnianglah, 8 cases in Mawsynram and 8 cases in Mawsyn. Nongkrem, 6 cases in Nongthymmai Cluster, 17 cases in Pynursla Cluster and 4 cases in Dymmiew Cluster.
Is it any wonder why the MDA-2 Government is still saying that here in Meghalaya there is no illegal mining and illegal trade? Let us turn now to those illegal toll gates, which have been set up separately from the State Highways and National Highways. According to the findings of the Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners' and Drivers' Association (MCTO&DA).
The youth in other villages in the middle of Ri Khasi Jaintia, we see that the government and the leaders, think special and work hard to provide many sports equipment for the needs of the youth, but we The youth who live on the border refuse and don't even want to listen when we go to them for help in sports activities with others.
The CCBI said that the group will stand by the victims of the disaster and will continue to stand by the victims. to help them deliver justice.
“This is to inform all shopkeepers in West Jaintia Hills District that according to a letter received from the office of the Director, Food Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, Shillong, the registration of food shops has been completed. District and Registration Fees shall be suspended until further notice.
Cancer is a serious disease.
On July 10, 2023, Rupala will meet with Self Help Groups of women, farmers and people working in the fisheries sector of the area.
“It is the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo villagers who are doing wrong to allow foreigners,” he said.
Speaking at the meeting, Habahun said that many people say that he is illiterate, but he said that he has completed his matriculation and has not completed his commerce and diploma.
Make it a habit to exercise your brain by reading every day before going to sleep.
Shillong Lajong Football Club (SLFC) today announced the signing of 19-year-old Damaitphang Lyngdoh, a resident of Umlyngka, East Khasi Hills.
The HSPDP, which is part of the KHUDA seat in KHADC, has left the KHADC seat after the recently held KHADC dorbar refused to take a decision on the ILP. The UDP is still reviewing the political situation in the KHADC and has appointed Bah Remington Pyngrope Dy CEM to report back to the party for a final decision. Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Election Department, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that he will discuss with the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Prashant Naik after returning from Garo Hills to find out the truth on the allegation that there is a plan to register voters in doubt in the state.
Pangniang also urged the people to stand together to fight for their rights and if it happens in any way, they will not be afraid but they will stand firm and as their leader he will not give up. even if it reaches any limit.
In the Long Range category, the men's 25m Standard Pistol, 25m Sports Pistol (women), 50m Men's Pistol, 50m Rifle Prone and 50m Open Sight (open). , and the Mixed Team 10m.
I have continued to work together as much as I can and we will continue to work together for the betterment of the region,” he said.
The State Government is willing to provide funds to meet all the needs.
We cannot understand how many people have watched and helped spread this false article of the LRO against the KSU. We have to be very vigilant, and it is the duty of the police to arrest the leaders of the LRO. that they may not be too slow to fight like this not only in this case, but also in others as well.
Earlier, the women and youths of Tynring village had protested against the corruption of the Sordar of Shnat Raid Tynring, Bah CA Diengdoh. Earlier, the residents of Raid Tynring had turned to the KHADC to protest against the suspension of the Sordar.
"I have been prepared for this tournament in Delhi and my goal is to win so that it will benefit me as an athlete," he added. .
" This brought us back to Bethlehem to the birth in Mary's womb.
The party has also decided to hold a public meeting in Shillong in November and demanded that the state government should introduce the Garoland demand in the upcoming State Legislative Assembly. The purpose of holding the rally in Shillong is to show the government officials that the demand for Garo State is the will of the people of Garo Hills. They demanded a monthly contribution of 10 tyngka from each household for the continuation of the protest.
In 1420 a plague broke out in the Mediterranean and spread to the British Isles.
Police also recovered 160 rounds of ammunition, four boxes of magazines and an AK magazine containing 35 rounds of ammunition and four rounds of ammunition. mobile phones, four SIM cards and others.
Therefore, the government urges the people to take action to avoid any tragic incident in the society.
I would like to thank Bah Bindo M.Lanong, MDC for taking the time to discuss this urgent issue. ILP.Briefly, I would like to explain to you on the outstanding issue raised by Bah Bindo – Quote “The decision of the Supreme Court 1972 on the Excise Act 1910, which relates to The Government of Meghalaya and the Kurkalang Government have nothing to do with the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation 1873 relating to the ILP permit, as has been explained in the newspapers.
Furthermore, on the National Highway 6 and Shilong-Jowai-Silchar road, traffic has been suspended after another landslide.
He said that this is the first time for him to speak on such a day because he sees that the KSU is working for the welfare of the people of Hynniewtrep. “You are rich and you give but you say clearly that it is not wealth but the spirit that is great and you have the spirit to give for those who deserve to serve the people”. Raymond Kharjana, a young leader of the KSU in Nongkrem.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongthymmai Circle today lodged an Ejahar at the Police Station, Shillong regarding a complaint against a foreigner who has been arrested. A Khasi woman was arrested while driving a taxi.
The Smart Cities Mission was launched on 25th July 2015, with the aim of providing infrastructure, cleanliness and a decent lifestyle for citizens through the implementation of smart solutions. '.
The protests in Assam were even more intense, as there was an agreement between the Government of India and the All Assam Students Union (AASU) in 1985, that only those who were in Assam until midnight on , they shall be allowed to become Indian citizens.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Commander Shangpliang President of the HFU, said that in the past six months, the HFU has worked hard to help the members of the HFU and the farmers of the state as a whole to deliver their products. from farms directly to consumers in Shillong by selling to retail shops and also by delivering to consumers through the project “Direct from Field to Consumers”.
A SWAT team from Tura and the Commandant of the 2nd Battalion together with the ASP of Baghmara have raided the area to search for seven GNLA members. The KSU, North Khasi Hills District (NKHD), today expressed its opposition to the government's plan to build a railway line in the state. strong opposition to the construction of the railway line in Meghalaya.
If the government doesn't listen to our demands, we have to come out and fight,” said Bah S Pyngrope, president of SMEA. in the year
The Naga Students Federation (NSF) today continued its protest demanding the inclusion of Dimapur in the ILP.
The college has not yet received any assistance from the government, the leaders or any other group.
Bengali, Assamese and Nepalese are all foreign languages ​​to these three tribes.
The Prime Minister has already announced 14,500 schools in the country which will receive assistance under the Pradhan Mantri Schools For Rising India (PM-SHRI) Yojana. of the NEP-2020.
This notice is effective June 1, 2022.
Through the holding of the Durand Cup in these two states this year, I believe it will be a further development of football in the North East”.
“We have decided to postpone the meeting scheduled for the 11th after the MDCs felt the need to discuss it within the Council,” said Bah Pynshngain.
“We have received a new government, which the people have elected and handed over to them to form that government. go to the people on issues such as the ILP and the inclusion of the Khasi language in Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
Bhalang Khongwir of Claudia's Fitness Hub won the first prize in the 55-60 Kg category, Lalremmawia Sangma of Synergy Fitness Gym won the second prize and Vianycolas Kharbyngar of at Elite Gym.
When asked what question the IO asked him, Bah Adelbert said, “They didn't ask anything but it depends on the complaint of the complainant and the complaint is only for that answer. Legislative Assembly, why is it different from the RTI received by Bah Disparsing Rani?
Jerry scored 10 runs and Steve scored 9 runs.
On this occasion, the College also distributed mementos to the family members of Kiri Dhar, the Daloi and several guests as a sign of gratitude. honor this brave man who gave his life to defend his country.
Nongpoh: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), today visited several banks in Nongpoh, after finding that these banks did not observe the public holiday. 'Shad Nongkrem', in which all departments in the Khasi Hills have suspended their work due to the holiday declared by the government.
He also promised that all the products produced by the company will be in adequate condition and the food that has been broken or rejected will be donated to the people of the village for the purpose of distribution. feed to pigs and livestock in order to prevent contaminants.
We allow it to find out the truth on this matter,” he said.
We run for the highest stones to get the name and honor, we forget to maintain the manners for the sake of honor.
Shillong: The Raid Nongshken will soon start the 10th Open Football Tournament 2018-19 from this month.
Lakhon Laloo, Sergeant at Arms Rtn.
Besides, they have already been seated in the car, they have been seated only with the lyngknot (Chairman/Vice Chairman) as one of the NPP leaders has already warned them.
The program was attended by students from various levels.
This will also help and reduce the morbidity and mortality of patients.
In a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, the FKJGP leaders from East Jaintia Hills District, requested him to take action to look into the condition of the road. especially to send for the construction of bridges which are dangerous to the passengers and also to avoid the collapse of the bridges, because if the bridges collapse it will cause more problems to the people.
From the parking lots to the venue, you only have to walk for about a few minutes.
“One of the most important of these is the lynter party of the candidates, the feeding of the people and the people often forget the issue of the race and enjoy this feeding by the candidates,” he said. added.
The minutes of the meeting, which contain all the issues discussed and the clarifications, have been distributed to all the Principals.
When you open it, you will find that you have a sheet of paper.
He said that this does not fall under the jurisdiction of the state government as it is under the jurisdiction of the central government department.
However, in many accidents, there may be drivers who don't know how to drive, but without fear or shame they seize the house as if they don't know how to drive, but when they don't know how to drive fast, they don't know how to drive fast. plant khohmoh or plant bajli and syllad shisha without permission, and in the end, reach a tragic incident even to the point of death.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma will be the chief guest and will also distribute the awards and launch a book on the impact and production of these 18 innovations.
"I want to propose to my girlfriend in a different way," says Bruno.
The Congress has not yet announced its ticket for three constituencies including Pynthorumkhrah, South Shillong and Khliehriat as it is still looking for candidates.
“I call upon us to stand together to oppose and strongly condemn the religious extremists regardless of whether they join hands with any political party.
These projects worth T.1,50,000/- have been donated through the SRWP 2019-2
However, this year the Parish has been able to start again for the development of the talents of the children in the area.
After the first innings, All Saints scored 105 runs for the loss of five wickets in 13.5 overs.
The fear is that the arrival of the trains will open the door for the illegal entry of foreigners especially as Meghalaya does not have laws such as the Inner-Line Permit (ILP) to ensure the entry and exit of those who outside.
On the other hand, these two organizations invite the people not only from Ri Bhoi, but from the Bri u Hynniewtrep to come out on this day, in order to give their strong support to this. aiming to save the Word and the whole human race.
Gadkari also announced an allocation of Rs 800 crore for two projects in Assam.
She said that the government should take immediate action to avoid any problems and as residents they have the right to express their concerns so that this should not be played with by anyone. .
It is learned that when the incident was reported, the reply received by the reporters was very sad. words that stir up and anger those who inform.
When asked why the UDP is still surprised especially after the government has decided to suspend and cancel this plan? Allan said that after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, explained that the government will suspend the proposal to open casinos, the party in the government has listened, but it is not. When it came to the House, it was announced that a provisional license has been issued to three persons to open these casinos.
The results of the Legislative Assembly elections from Sohiong constituency on 13th June, 2023, show once again the fact that most of the Khasi people have been disappointed. The National People's Party (NPP) has joined the party.
Since the arrival of the ballot box from Delhi to the state, it has been kept inside a special room of the Assembly and has been searched by the police to ensure that there is no damage until it is removed. on the day of the vote.
However, he said that during the investigation, the police found that the driver of Jeskalur, who works from Shillong to Nongkhlaw, had committed the crime by driving too fast. 279/336/427 IPC. Kharkrang said that 279 IPC is for driving while 427 is for driving. the prime minister's car was damaged.
These trucks were seized from Khlieh Rangnah Shangpung today while police were raiding illegal coal mining in West Jaintia Hills.
The two-day program was organized by the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship.
The Minister of Social Welfare praised the hard work of the sisters of Mercy Home for the welfare of the elderly.
It has also explained about mental illness.
God will not believe in human pressure to send anyone to hell.
The KSU said that there is an urgent need to have these out posts in these two villages as many robbers and suspected armed men from Assam are quick to attack and commit acts of violence against the people up to the village. Cheap.
Furthermore, there is no place to dispose of garbage and there are not enough public toilets to keep the market clean.
God has spoken to the Prophets, He has spoken to His Son.
“About 200 people did not vote in the last MLA election in this village, the 100 days scheme, PMAY, those who have ring bording have been sent away from their homes,” said Bah Raison.
Shillong: U Nongkrem MLA and Chairman of the State Planning Board, Bah Lambor Malngiang, on Tuesday said that the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 will become law.
Shillong: Once again, it is a matter of pride to see that the youth especially from Khasi-Jaintia Hills have improved in the field of sports. state or for the country, they usually bring medals.
Man City's new stadium will also surpass Arsenal's Emirates Stadium (60,704) and London's Olympic Stadium (60,000) in capacity.
He also expressed his surprise that four blocks have already been opened while nothing has been done for Mawlai.
“The Governor's speech will touch on important issues and will also include the government's attention in many areas such as infrastructure and other important areas,” said Bah Lyngdoh after the second meeting of the the Cabinet of Ministers of the MDA Government
“Pahep Rabon Singh was a Christian and the leader of three missionaries but he put the Khasi people first by researching and writing about the Khasi religion,” said the Chief Guest.
A 23-year-old woman, who had just arrived from the UK, has contracted the disease and is undergoing treatment in Manipur.
“We expect Conrad Sangma to appoint both these BJP MLAs, Alexander Laloo Hek and Sanbor Shullai in the new cabinet as they are long-time politicians,” he said. Mr. Mawrie.
Speaking to reporters, CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that no decision could be taken today due to the absence of all the Sordars. method of sending information.
Speaking to media, Jambor said that the investigation has found that the Syiem of Raid Marwet and the land owners have not given the NOC to build the Transit Camp of the government. Assam and this has clearly shown that it is the robbery and occupation of this land by the Assam government in Raid Marwet.
Many of these incidents cannot be mentioned here but sitting in the sterring is no longer like me of course there are others who are beautiful but many of them are dead. u request to set in the ears because of the sound of music since I don't feel human being anymore what is it that I don't have the power to think everyone likes the songs but until the ears are almost painful te em all then she drives improperly she turns even in the wrong place she stops she stops even in the wrong place and she signals even when other vehicles following her have no space to turn Walking, standing even on the footpath where people walk sometimes in front of the gate people just to enter the house or compound has been difficult.
The BJP leaders said that the Assam government has forcibly crossed the border into Meghalaya and ordered the Assam police in the area not to create trouble inside the border. They have ordered the Assam police not to allow such incidents to happen again.
The union said it cannot accept this and said that this could anger and mislead many churches and could mislead the central government and the Minority Commission.
On the resignation from the Congress, the MLA said he regrets the party's treatment of him and the four other suspended MLAs.
One of the buyers said that Lord Laxmi and Lord Ganesh are worshiped on Diwali and therefore, Modi is a god in front of us and this time, I will buy gold, which has Modi's image and I will worship him.
Nongdawah SC have lost their strength with the dismissal of Stephen Pale for his second yellow card.
The meeting of the Block Congress brought together the party workers from the three districts of Sumer, Sutnga and Nongkhlieh.
During these times, the government has failed to meet the needs of the residents in terms of electricity and water, the High Court said.
Thus, believers (Christians) around the world celebrate this day.
This tall and tall Kseh Bilat tree is located in Mawkhar, opposite the former Government School which is now the DSEO/SDSEO office and parking lot Jaiaw opposite the Synod Complex and Mawkhar Christian High School. ,Shillong.
Syiemlieh said that the Myntdu River is the source of water for Jowai and if the river is not cleaned, the people of Jowai may lose their health.
Awards were also distributed to the winners of the anti-drug writing competition where Synod Higher Secondary School came first, Seven Set Higher Secondary School came second and Mawprem Modern came third. Higher Secondary School and St Dominic College, Shillong.
It is during these years that the residents have dared to ask their leader why he has not been able to do this or that or why he has not been able to fulfill the promises he made during the elections.
The song 'Wat Aili' composed by the KSU Wapung Unit was also released.
Khapmara EIC Police said that the incident happened in the evening and the body was found in the morning and taken to Bhoirymbong CHC where it was pronounced dead. The victim was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem.
On the other hand, he phoned the Officer Incharge (OC) to take action on the incident and at the same time, once he learned about the incident, he sent the woman to the scene. However, the sad thing is that the woman has died.
First of all, we receive requests from the villagers through the Rangbahshnong or the elders of the village.
Researchers at the University of Texas followed 474 people aged 65 to 74 for fifty years and found that those who chose those drinks and foods that promoted weight gained more weight and and their strength is greater than that of those who are not strong.
In the 69th and 75th minutes, Shangpung Moosyiem scored two goals through Mewotki Sungoh and Woderful Langbang.
Grace will end.
In the second half, Seng Samla Laitryngew's Banlambok Buhsan scored the first goal for the team in the 53rd minute. Iaraplang Buhsan scored the second goal in the 56th minute from a free-kick.
Speaking at the meeting, James congratulated the people of Dadenggre who came to welcome the National President of the NPP Conrad K Sangma.
She also requested others from South West Khasi Hills who work in other districts where COVID-19 has been reported to inform the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat immediately.
On the 16th of this month, Agnes lodged an FIR against Wanniang at Umroi PIC. It may be recalled that on the evening of the 14th of this month, there was an incident of robbery at Wahswat. Four houses have been destroyed. It is alleged that these incidents have occurred due to a land dispute between the Raid Tynring.
In the women's category, Sacred Heart Girls Higher Secondary School came second, Phudmuri Presbyterian Higher Secondary School came second and Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School came second. the third.
Pala said those involved in many corruption cases are no longer within the Congress party.
Another threat is the BJP government's plan to legalize India as one country, one religion.
New Delhi: The Election Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2021 was passed into law in the Lok Sabha today by Law Minister Kiren Rijiju.
In the 30 years of trials, my mother has stood firm in the truth, and has overcome the threat that uranium will bring to this Khasi country. The teaching of the environment around us frees us from the loss of money because it will bring us trouble.
Shillong, Naitung 3: U Wankit Ryntathiang, Publicity Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaiaw Langsning Unit, today resigned from his membership of the Khasi Students Union (KSU).
In Meghalaya, the project has been implemented by the Water Resources Department.
Speaking on the occasion, Bishop Wilbert Marweiñ DD, Bishop of Nongstoin Diocese, expressed his satisfaction to see that the Parish in these days has improved in many areas especially in the spiritual life.
It’s scary because we hear explosions and gunshots.
T Jyrwa won the Top Scorer title with five goals while M Suting won the Best Goal Keeper title.
Therefore, only those that are closest and cannot be obtained from the central language, the Sohra language, have been selected, which have been widely accepted in Khasi literature.
Furthermore, Assam will get the Baleswar River and the Malidor Bridge.
The speakers demanded that along with peace, the rights of those who have been attacked in any way should be respected.
In this incident, another shop near the Rabon Store was destroyed by the fire.
Rita Ghosh, Assistant Lecturer, Laban Bengalee Boys Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Bah H.Shullai, Assistant Teacher, Government Boys Higher Secondary School and Upper Primary Section, Bah Pondar Singh Thongni, Assistant Teacher Maharam Government Secondary School, Mawkyrwat, Kong B.Kirwat, Kong. Naidu Bynnud, Headmistress, Iooksi Presbyterian Upper Primary School, Iooksi, kong Q.Shongdor Rani, Head Teacher, Umdihar Government Lower Primary School, Mr.Niranjan Kumar Rabha, Headmaster, Manikganj Secondary School, Mr.Paresh Ch.
The Minister also listened to the complaints of the truck drivers and directed the district authorities to provide them with food.
According to the explanation of Mewell Shadap (the King of Raid Nongtung), the Lakhempong Shad has been suited since the Kulong Kumah or the old Bajah.
This will be followed by a Group B match between Chawngfianga Middle School, Saiden, Kulasib, Mizoram and Ramkrishna Mission Vivekanand Vidyapeeth, Narayanpur, Chattisgarh at 8:30 pm. The match will be played between DD & D&NH at 10 pm against Manikpara High School, Jhargram.
“Now I want to ask you clearly when you really sat down with Bahdeng?” asked Kongthei. “Yes, I did, Kongthei.
Therefore, we must love our country and nation in deeds and not only in words.
The names of the recipients of the Police Medal for Heroism were Bah Lakador Syiem, Commandant, 6th Battalion Meghalaya Police, Umran Ri-Bhoi District; Bikram D Marak, Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills; T C Chacko, Deputy Commandant, 4th MLP Battalion, Vikaspuri, Police Line, New Delhi and Galdinson R Marak, AB Inspector, Kote, Meghalaya.
The Leader must be able to communicate with the public (Public Relation) so that the work can be carried out smoothly.
For this year, the shat ka khan was held today at the same venue.
Additionally, a motorable feeder road from the existing PWD Road via the residence of Dr Merybell up to the residence of Rolet Rynjah and others at Madan Laban, Shillong, has been sanctioned with an amount of Rs.1,77,83,000/-.
“I too have a large coal mine, but I don't apply because I know the strict mining laws and how to the struggle.
It may be recalled that the groups opposed to Meghalaya Agrovet stand on the grounds that the company has polluted the drinking water wells of many villages, while there are other groups that support the company. They said that it has renovated the system which they said does not discharge waste into drinking water sources.
The candidate said that other parties, when they see that the turnout has reached tens of thousands, they will try other ways to mislead.
He never returned to Sohra, his hometown where he was born and raised.
Tourits want that if there is a place to stay and a place to eat, it is always enough for them.
He said that KHNAM has already requested information through the RTI Act from the office to know the residence of these Sharma Guptas and others and has also sought the answer. He said that according to the results of KHNAM, there are Khasi students who have scored 116 or 117 marks out of 120 marks which is the full mark. “They lack only 3 or 4 marks to get full marks, why don't they get full marks, we will look into this,” said Bah Thomas.
“I congratulate him for taking this step and at the same time I congratulate the President of the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association, the Vice President of the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association, Bruce Marak and Chiranjiv Chaudhry who is the Vice President of the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association. “I would like to thank the General Secretary of the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association for their cooperation in making this tournament a success,” said Conrad.
He said that the union is pleased that the Dean has clarified that the transfer of these seven students to the College from Imphal is temporary, due to the situation in Manipur and After the establishment of peace in Manipur, they returned to Manipur.
On July 14, the family members informed the villagers and the villagers informed the police and the body was taken to NEIGRIHM for post mortem. post mortem and arrested her husband.
Therefore, people are warned not to enter or leave the Containment Zone if they do not have any urgent work or except for those who really need it. Anyone who violates the law shall be punished according to the provisions of the Act.
Akbarlang Synteng Nongdhar Seng Khynnah Seng Khasi Mawwan, Mylliem Pyllun who spoke on the topic 'The relationship between mother and children' Annissa Sympli Children's Association, Ri Raid Laban, Shillong Circle, Annissa Sympli Children's Association, Deinchynrum, East Jaintia Hills District and Sankidaroi Phawa, Jowai Pyllun.
The rivers under the jurisdiction of the Union of 6 Waheh Shnongs include the Myntang River from Knor to Rymphum, Sakhwe-Myntkung and the Myntrong River.
Because it was said that Nepal has not had any social agreement with Russia to deploy its troops, but only with China and India.
In 2008, the Upper Primary School was upgraded to Secondary and in 2019, the Higher Secondary School was upgraded to Kymprup Higher Secondary School. 140 in Secondary, 108 in Higher Secondary and 28 in Higher Secondary while 14 teachers and one non-teaching staff.
The residents of Mawlai and the village headmen of Jaiaw Pyllun have refused to participate in the Peace Committee set up by the government.
“From today, we are ready to contest these two elections and we are determined to win both Shillong and Tura as well,” said Dr Don.
However, the word 'Local' will bring new confusion, because now 50 years of State independence has brought about the influx of different ethnic groups who come to seek employment, and the District is no longer just a border. of an ethnic group.
WHEREAS WE KHASI ARE STILL LOOKING FOR WAYS TO STOP THE TRAIN OF FOREIGNERS BENEFITS ? ?.
The investigation into the arrest will continue to find out more.
This word is spoken by the ancients who knew and knew about literature in books, but they did not use it by making it from the word 'nong' to the wise men who wrote in the language of the books.
He also distributed Rs 12.25 lakh to 1225 farmer households under the FOCUS+ Farmer's Welfare Programme.
Shillong: U MLA of the 19th Shillong South Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai today summoned 28 government departments to seek clarification from them on the lack of information to the public on various government schemes.
On receiving a tip, the police rushed to the village to arrest the village officials involved in the robbery.
Before the Working Meeting, there will be a discussion on (a) the marriage, (b) the last rank and (c) the longkni rank which will be conducted by Dr.TM Hynniewta, Vice-President and, After the meeting, there will be a ceremony held by the Ri Bhoi District Branch.
He said that Soso Tham is an inspiration to the nation and those whom the present generation proclaims.
The statement said that the reason is that if this plan of the government's veterinary department succeeds, the farmland of the people will fall under its jurisdiction. can no longer work independently as per the way of life of the people of our area.
Oberndorf is a city in Salzburg, Austria.
“All vendors should take their garbage home and separate the rotten and non-rotten garbage until the Jowai Municipal Board or the government provides a proper garbage dump,” he said. but Rupee Lamar.
The MPF will meet the Governor soon.
The owners of the vehicles were released after paying the fine.
Speaking to a news portal in Guwahati, the Commissioner of Police, Kamrup (Metro) Deepak Kumar said that the police were well prepared at all the police stations and the patrolling was going well. especially in the border areas of the State.
But there are few who do.
The MPUF has acknowledged that during the meeting with Mr. T.Ïakai EE MePDCL Moowakhu, Khliehriat, he promised to take action to resolve the issue of the increase in the price of electricity bill.
The mother and her son talked about this and that.
In this regard, it is only the STATE GOVERNMENT that can SOLVE this problem which we as citizens are facing.
David Icke, one of the leaders at the rally, alleged that the corona virus is caused by the implementation of 5G technology. His YouTube account has been banned for allegedly misleading the public about the corona virus through his writings and speeches.
Besides, every day they survive by working as much as they can to provide for the needs of their children.
“They have a close relationship with the NPP especially with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma.
This is called invests in foreign languages, 'I invest a lot and I should make a lot of profit'
(DSIIDC).
This came after they beat Chinese Taipei 11-0 in the last match of the pool.
During the meeting, Bah John said that they will also submit a petition on the agreement between the Government of India and the Khasi Hills.
It was also found that in the upper part of the new building, people can enter freely without any obstacles.
Referring to the budget session of JHADC held on 15 April 2020, the EM incharge of Tax and Trade Department of the council, Shri Winning.
The date of birth will be from 01.06.2006 and the documents required are Adhaar, Birth Certificate and others recognized by the government.
In a statement, BJYM Meghalaya President Egenstar Kurkalang said that the Congress Meghalaya will have to lie in its book that Dr. Mukul Sangma will be the last Prime Minister and his rule will end. not in
They admitted that they have already sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner that they are selling land within the boundary of the Hima Mylliem and they have also paid the tax to the Hima every day, not on the Municipal land.
The KSU said that it has received information on the names of these women and men who injected drugs and these names have been handed over to the Police for further investigation.
“We are there to listen to the voice of the people.
It is prohibited to play music or any other sounds near schools and educational institutions, health centers and also in villages and townships especially after 10 pm.
I will pour out my Spirit upon them, and they shall prophesy" Acts 2:17-1
Speaking to media on Monday after the party meeting, Bah Robertjune said that if these two MLAs join hands with the ethnic parties, the demand for a Minister However, because of their actions, by fleeing and supporting the National People's Party (NPP) to form a coalition government, other parties have also fled. only.
There are 6 new cases in IIM Umsawli cluster, 4 cases in NEIGHRIMS, 16 cases in Umpling, 7 cases in Umpling and others.
They also explained the importance of krai in the daily diet which helps in the fight against anemia, obesity and diabetes.
And you don't have to do that.
On the other hand, many of the residents have complained about the number of dumpers carrying shyiap and crossing the border in the area which have also disrupted traffic and destroyed the roads and roads besides the illegal transportation and mining of shyiap. .
He said that he does not want wealth and he wants to serve the people of the village who are in need in many ways.
About 15 or 16 vehicles , including heavy and small vehicles , have been driven away as soon as they reached the Petrol Pump , Mawlai Nongkwar ap ktem already in this place.
The final part of the fashion show was the participation of actress Patralekhaa Paul, who attracted the attention of the audience with her beautiful dresses designed by the fashion designer.
In the state, the BJP has reached the fourth position with eight seats.
Speaking to reporters, HYC President Samla Roy Kupar Synrem said that the protest is to send questions to the Central Government through the Minister of Home Affairs whether the Central Government led by the BJP is right or not. Meghalaya as part of India has decided to implement the ILP to protect the indigenous people of the State.
According to Statute 21 of the NEHU Act, only prominent scholars in the field of teaching can be appointed and not others who are not in the field of teaching.
College Jowai and also the Jowai Civil Hospital.
At the same time, although there are buses for children, parents have expressed concerns regarding the safety of children especially girls and therefore do not want to use them. Public transportation does not cause problems for them in their journey.
It may be recalled that on Tuesday, the Prime Minister said that the government will continue to look into the incident before lifting the ban on importing fish from outside the state. , although the ban was lifted on 24th July.
Shillong: U Bah Robertjune Kharjarin, Chairman of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (NCAN), on Tuesday said that not only the Inner Line Permit can protect the country and the nation, but the state also needs the implementation of the NRC. The year 1971 was the year of the Detect, Delete and Deport Act.
Jowai, Naitung 31: A boy from Pamra kmai village has gone missing from his home on Tuesday.
Speaking to media, HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar said that the inclusion of the job reservation policy by the state government in the field of education is unfair.
After the discovery, the operation was expedited and skilled bomb disposal teams from both the states were called and the CM troops rushed to the scene for the purpose of to provide assistance in defusing these explosives without causing any harm.
According to the information received, the incident happened at 2 pm while all the 10 members of the household were sleeping inside the house, when suddenly a large tree nearby and and he broke down their house, and repaired it, until it was broken down.
Also present on the occasion were party leaders including BJP State Vice President David Kharsati and others.
“Although it is our right to receive, we feel that the donation at the time of our need is a great blessing to us although we know that the Council is not in the position of providing funds. money," they added.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, S Nongtnger, has advised the public not to spread false news about the incident and the investigation is ongoing into the allegation. the shooting of people.
No one was injured in the incident.
He also expressed the love of the people that although he does not use money, but they support him and he said that what encouraged him is to see that the people bring their jasong to come to them. your meeting.
Many policemen were injured in the incident.
Besides, the WE HOPE FOUNDATION has also donated money to seven people with disabilities from the same village.
God promised Joshua, “As I was with Moses, so I will be with you; I will not leave thee, nor forsake thee.
Muslims do not eat pork, but the Tribals do.
Therefore, we have to create jobs in our villages, in our country with factories, with trade, with large-scale farming, with vineyards to export to the world as we have started to do now with coal, oil, dewbilat etc. I am afraid that the coal will run out within a few years and our children will not get it anymore.
There are many obstacles to cleanliness.
District Congress Committee (DCC) of South Garo Hills.
Nongpoh, July 01: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (MBOSE) today demanded that the MBOSE should expedite the implementation of the Distribute the original marksheets of the students, so that it does not affect the students who intend to study in various courses.
The building of the school was constructed and renovated at a cost of T.37 lakh, with the assistance and funding through the education department of the state government, with 6 rooms. class was suitable for the students of the area.
The video was shot at about 7 pm on the 3rd of July.
Shillong: The Lampi Anchalik Border Development Committee (LABDC), a Nepali organization, has rejected the ownership of 17 Khasi and Garo villages in the Langpih Sector.
In the second leg, Iooksi SC beat Lumsliarsliar 2-0
“We have taken this decision to operate buses again after passengers have complained about the excessive use of commercial taxis which cost up to T.1800 to go to Umroi Airport from Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has given 15 days to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang to send an inquiry and submit a detailed report on the non-payment of salaries of seven employees of Meghalaya. Contract worker of the Department of Transport.
The High Court of Meghalaya in its order has ordered that buildings should not exceed three floors and three floors (G+3) in Shillong.
The people should celebrate this Independence Day with joy when the law enforcement agencies have provided adequate security to make the celebration a joyful one.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah I.Dkhar, Sordar of Sohryngkham.
English leaders have warned of the danger to Scotland if it secedes from England.
This was announced by the Secretary of Tyrso Wildlife Protection Society, Bah Alos Nongpoh.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The War Jaintia Youth Council (WJYC) Amlarem Sub-Division has said that the residents of Amlarem Sub-Division are worried about the deterioration of the NH-40E from Dawki to Amlarem.
However, at the same time, he said that as it is a public road with thousands of vehicles a day, the government will have to improve the safety of this road.
Some of the people, while the civil society organizations here are protesting against the mynder who illegally trade without trading license in the market, the people are angry and condemn their actions, just because they They don't get money to close the shops belonging to the mynder to escape the ban.
The Government has really neglected the people of Narpuh Elaka especially those villages near Wah Lukha who benefit from the fish in this river by fishing.
The FKJGP leader said that the FKJGP has also expressed its views after a meeting with the Tourist Agencies Association of Sikkim (TAAS) which is one of the organizations in charge of tourism in Sikkim. They discussed and exchanged views on how to open up opportunities for the development of tourism.
Former MLA and UDP candidate from West Shillong constituency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on 7th June denied the claims of Bah Bindo M Lanong and said that the UDP will will win more in this upcoming election.
The silver medal winners were Gavin Albert Kharshandi and Winningstar Lyngdoh Nonglait, while the bronze medal winners were Caress Syad, Mebankitbok Mynsing and Wansuklang Khyllep.
" said Mr. Robinson.
Police said that the robbers who have been involved in the Laitumkhrah area and other places are drug addicts and have stolen valuable items to exchange for drugs from the traffickers. drugs.
On the other hand, she also directed that they should cover the meat with ïit and musari so that the skaiñ cannot get into the meat.
Those who wish to cancel Aadhaar and especially those who signed a petition last year to opt out of Aadhaar, it is better to reach out to the court to decide - in the country Rev. Dr. PBM Basaiawmoit, on behalf of the Members of the Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhaar, said in a statement.
Many youths from Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Mizoram and Nagaland have come to take part in the festival. Blind singers from Shillong, Rosa Wahlang and L Sailo from Jyoti Sroat School, Shillong and Sankira Laloo and others from Jowai.
Shillong, Nailur 12: After the no confidence motion was tabled against the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, who will contest on the 16th, the opposition has now tabled a no confidence motion. They have expressed their distrust of the MUA-II government led by the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, on the government's inability to provide protection to women who have been assaulted in all aspects.
At the end of the innings, Kishan Lyngdoh scored 16 runs (not out) with three fours and Meghalaya completed the scoring in eight overs at a run rate of
Laitjem CC, after getting the opportunity to bat first, managed to score 145/5 in 20 overs.
Thus, in 2018, it has severely affected the income of the farmers in these villages, and has caused a huge loss.
The incident was immediately taken seriously by the Bihar authorities following the intervention of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Nadal, who also made history by becoming the first player to win his 21st Grand Slam title at the Australian Open 2022, has withdrawn from the same tournament. of this year after participating in only two games.
When this happens, I agree with the speech of Bah HS Shylla CEM of Khasi District Council, in which he spoke in the dorbar of the Hima Mylliem and that is that the dorbars which should hold the The old customs and traditions of the Khasi, which demand the fundamental rights of the Khasi, should not be held in Shillong, but in the outskirts of the city or in the villages. When Amit Paul came, the field was filled with people.
He said that all these ceremonies tomorrow will be broadcast live on the SASCOM channel for the public who will not be able to attend tomorrow.
“The passerby did not see the vehicle coming in front of him, the driver did not see anyone in front of him because the driver turned off the lights to go neutral to get petrol,” he said. one of the elders of the city of Jowai.
Shillong, November 4: Leaders of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (UVHA) today met with Kiren Rijiju, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Government of India. Dr W Kharshiing President, RL Blah General Secretary and other members including Emlang Lytan, EG Kharbani, GG Laloo, SS Langi, EL Nongrang, Rangsan Sohmat. VGK Kynta Sr Advocate, EK Sutnga Advocate and Kynpham Khar Lyngdoh Advocate, today met with Home Minister Rajnath Singh along with other government officials of the Home Ministry. Satyen Dra Garg, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs in charge of the North East, demanded the approval of the Governor of the Village Administration Bill.
The incident near Don Bosco Technical School, Laitumkhrah in the past few days where a shaka has hit a student has caused anger among many people especially because they saw the picture. The incident was recorded by CCTV cameras which spread quickly around the area.
In the midst of this confusion and surprise, the MTD has turned to the Autonomous District Council and the Sixth Scheduled to advocate for this decision.
“Border issue, employment and influx are the issues that we put forward when we formed the FKJGP,” said Titos while speaking at the closing ceremony of the Inter School. the FKJGP was held in Laitly.
“I am ready to join the NPP on the 13th of this month at a meeting to be held at the State Headquarters Office of the NPP,” said Bah Shangpliang, who is now Adviser to the Education Department of the State Government. , in an interview with the media.
“To just show such dramas for those who don't know the reasons, maybe the elections are near, who knows, this won't help either,” said the Minister.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Rocky said that he decided to contest on the NPP ticket after seeing that the party has a spirit of help and cooperation. I don't know if I'm going to be in another party, especially if I'm in a party.
The MOU was also signed between the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District and the SELCO Foundation after the SELCO Foundation had to build 8 Labor and Delivery Rooms in the Health Sub Centres. Climate Resilient Solar Energy (Climate Resilient) to prevent childbirth and to strengthen special care for children.
This is not only this year, but it has been like this since the beginning of the dumping of garbage.
It is worth mentioning that due to the problems in the village council of Shnat Raid Tynring which has been going on for six years due to the absence of a full time village headman, the office of the Syiem of Hima Khyrim Syiemship has issued a directive. Minister of State for Raid Nongkrem to be appointed as Acting Sordar of Shnat Tynring.
The Mawthabah-Wahkaji road has been funded by UCIL through KHADC in the past years.
This suspension of education has been in accordance with the Education Act and will continue until Meghalaya does not transit to the NEP. SHILLONG:The Government has opened the door to extend the session of the Assembly from three to four hours daily if necessary. it is not in the Assembly.
Your organization is the first to come with your patience to endure the rain on the 2/3 hour footpath to leave the benches and desks”, said the residents.
We are only Duna people and we cannot say that we are wrong.
Does the TMC intend to do the same in Meghalaya?
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, on Saturday, visited Mawlong Nongtluh village in Ri-Bhoi district to encourage the family and also to explain to the people of Mawlong Nongtluh. He urged them not to be afraid to smiej, even after one of the residents has tested positive for COVID-19, but urged them to obey and follow the government's guidelines.
Nongpoh, Nailar 31: The Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department today distributed piglets to thousands of pig farmers in Ri-Bhoi District. It is also the goal of the government to help and develop the pig farmers.
Farmers and entrepreneurs explained their achievements on this day.
>PVC/switch/MCB electrical outlets inside the house should be used with ISI stamped equipment to prevent damage, injury and fire if the house is not PVC.>Houses on hills or tall They should install a lightning conductor at the top of the house so that if the lightning strikes, it will fall to the ground.
This online development is sudden and difficult to accept.
About 48 households were affected, besides pig farms and crops.
Shillong: In the two semifinals of the Meghalaya State League 2023, Tura and Jowai will be the first venues to host the first leg of the tournament which will start tomorrow. the remaining four teams from the 25 teams at the start of the tournament this year.
There is a great concern that although there are rules and regulations announced by the Government of India, there are violations that could lead to the increase in the spread of Covid-1 ".
Furthermore, if we are in any field of work, we have to face the challenges and there will be losses, but in the face of those challenges and losses we should not be humble but “We should continue to improve the work we do and we should not say that we don't know, because the word I don't know comes from people who don't want it,” said Magdalene.
On this occasion, Bah Amazing denied the allegations as he is still a member of the UDP. and HSPDP from Sohiong constituency will join the VPP in preparation for the MDC elections next year.
Speaking to media after leaving a meeting convened by the Chief Minister at the Secretariat with all political parties to discuss the incident in Mukroh and to seek their views, the Opposition Chief Whip said: The Vice President of AITC, Meghalaya, Bah George B Lyngdoh, said that the government has failed to provide peace in the state especially in the border areas. “The MDA government has no President Rule or a General Election to the Legislative Assembly,” he said.
SK Living FC won a cash prize of Rs 1.20 lakh and a trophy while Ri Bhoi United FC won a cash prize of Rs 60,000 and a trophy.
The union has also pointed fingers at the state government by alleging that at the time of the deaths of foreigners, a mombati ceremony was held in Khyndailad. Government Ministers including the Minister of Home Affairs have sent their condolences but no action has been taken against the indigenous people when they face such incidents.
Mumbai, Jymmang 10: India's star batsman Virat Kohli will miss the Test series against England due to personal reasons.
After the Walkathon, a public awareness meeting was held on TB and how the State Government has set a target to fight against TB by Dr. Marcel Mawrie, State TB Officer, Meghalaya at Reid Provincial. This Hospital, Mawprem.
However, if there is no tax collection and a clean revenue system, the government will die and the state will continue to face problems.
Before leaving, she said she had sent him a letter, expressing her reluctance and unexpectedness, to act in such a way, in which Akbar had asked. map of these things that you have done.
The family members of the vehicle said that the vehicle fell on a steep slope about 10,000 feet from the highway connecting Pynursla and Shillong.
Besides, isolation centers have been set up at CHCs and PHCs, he said.
He said that Nongstoin, the headquarters of the district, has two football grounds, one NDSA ground at Nongpyndeng and one Nongpathar Stadium at Pyndengrei. Why does the Minister say it is too far to get artificial turf? Therefore, the Seng demands that the Minister and especially the MDA2 government should take action not only for the provision of artificial turf but also for the provision of many other necessities in relation to the artificial turf. for the promotion of sports activities in the District.
In a statement today, the US Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) strongly condemned the passage of the bill.
Lajong scored the first goal in the seventh minute through Kenstar Kharshong, who headed into the net of Sawmer Sports Club.
When the use of the same item in the place of worship cannot be avoided, it should be used by wearing gloves and washing hands thoroughly, and should not be used by many people.
He also gave the example of a land belonging to the Forest Department in Polo which is still vacant and unused and has now been handed over to the Urban Development Department for the development of infrastructure projects. to do decorations and parking lots.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnongs asked the engineer what is the amount of money when the people pay their bills every month.
This is according to reports and articles published by the United Nations.
“It is time for all of us to raise our voices against crime, the kidnapping of government employees has affected the economy and peace and order,” she said.
Rupang spoke to the Rangbah Shnong of Lummawbah, Bah E.Thangkhiew, on this issue.
This shows that teachers enjoy teaching in these classes because the training program is full of activities, videos and projects that can be done in the classroom.
Speaking on the occasion, Pastor Mohrmen said that the car industry is one of the ways to earn a living and boosts the income of the State and the country.
As it is until now, the management of the market in many respects has become stronger.
Shillong, July 28: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has strongly criticized the state court's ban on the newspapers from publishing any news of curfew or protest. be free in the country of the People's Republic.
He urged all the teachers in schools in the state to take part in this daily strike, so that the office of the Chief Minister and the state government can take part in this strike. immediately respond to the request.
However, although the hybrid model has become Sethi's suggestion for the Asia Cup in the journey of the teams to the ICC tournament and where the concern now remains that Once approved, the PCB can also urge the ICC to implement the same for the tournament. Pakistan will play in the World Cup if Pakistan takes the initiative to play in India.
“This rice is blended with Iron, Folicacid, Zinc, Vitamin 12 to provide complete nutrients and not only to feed, and the intention of the Government of India is to send “It's a mid-day meal for the school children,” he said.
The Minister said that the Software Technology Park of India (STPI) in Shillong, which will start construction in October 2023, will be built on an area of ​​11,000 sq ft. He said that they have seen that Meghalaya is the best hub for local entrepreneurs and to start online gaming. Rajeev Chandrasekhar said that the project will start in the next two months.
I don't know why I don't want to be in the newspaper.
Ardent also gave an example of a news that appeared on Private Youtube about the VPP meeting in Pdengshakhap, because just by publishing false news about this meeting, it has caused grief to the people. The village leaders, the people and the party leaders in the area, until they had to sit together to explain this news release.
Hasn't this MDA II or MDA 2.0 Government, like the MDA 1.0 Government, proved once again that the NPP and the BJP are two sides of the same coin? At present, the BJP, which is the political wing of the RSS, is still willing to show its true color only in the ethnic Assembly Constituencies. and you have a lot of paid Hindus.
Tens of thousands of educated youth have left their own states to seek employment in other states across India.
This is like the robbery of the wealth of the people of our state.
The meeting was attended by CEM Albinush R Marak, EMs of GHADC, SP VS Rathore and other officers.
In Lum Khasi-Jaintia, the NPP has announced its candidates for Wailadmiki Kyndiah (son of Nartiang MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar), Gilbert Sten of Mookaiaw and Dasakhiatbha Lamare of Mawhati. son of Bah Ngaitlang Dhar-MLA of Umroi).
Tracy Rympei scored a hat-trick with three goals (10, 19 & 29), while Ïawanlang Nongbet (22) and Ibakordor Wahlang (34) scored the other goals.
Khliehriat, June 25 : Members and leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District, today visited the victims of the floods at Moolamylliang village. you are home.
They beat Mukhla Evergreen 1-0 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Ladthadlaboh on Tuesday.
Meghalaya will be able to request about T.400 crore after the Central Government has allowed the State to introduce some changes.
Therefore, they will now have many more opportunities in the tournament to play well and to qualify for next year's Olympic Games.
The Kyiad Rod can also help if you can give it as directed.
The HNYM also asked Bah Comingone why he doesn't leave the Assembly to discuss the ILP issue, but instead discusses the railway.
The salvation of Israel as a nation came at the end of the last day.
Meiieit Kmoin, 75, from Shngimawlein, South West Khasi Hills District, has expressed her happiness after winning the first place in the competition. Veteran Above 55 Years 10K Run for Women at the Sohra International Half Marathon held on 30th November 2023 at Sohra in a time of 51 minutes 37 seconds.
The former Mylliem MLA said the Congress party is getting stronger with the passing of the days.
It is here that the question arises why there are so many pressure groups, the reason is that the government is too weak, it doesn't want to control, it has to compromise. that squeeze.
Earlier, various videos showed that the workers had removed these barriers on the border of Ghaziapur.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 4 cases, including 2 cases from outside and 2 cases of ILI. In East Khasi Hills, there are 148 cases. These include 69 cases from abroad, 23 cases of soldiers, 4 cases of health workers, 22 cases of high risk, 2 cases in Mawlai, 6 cases in ILI, Jhalupara, Mawbah, Laitumkhrah, Nongthymmai, 1 case each. cases from Nongmynsong, 6 cases from Police Bazaar, 1 case from SARI case, 9 cases from Screening.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has already issued the necessary directives to the neighboring states,” he said.
The mining of coal has not been banned, but it must be mined according to the technology and using various safeguards not only for the miners, but also for the environment.
The MDC elections will be held as they should be and cannot be delayed or accelerated, as the amendment to the 6th Scheduled is unpredictable.
Therefore, Satan is in their hearts and they don't understand what is right and what is wrong.
He said that for now, they will look at this government for a few years and after two years it will be easier to find out the good or bad deeds of this government.
The District Magistrate, Garod LSN Dykes has imposed a weekend lockdown from 10 PM on the 7th of June and will end at 5 AM on the 10th of June across the district.
Speaking on the occasion of the death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah in Shillong, the President of the KSU, Bah Lambok Marngar, said that the government or the parties in the government Instead of discussing and discussing the problems of the youth, they met to discuss the railway line.
The SRT team, which received information about the incident, has been working hard to recover the bodies of the four persons who died in Wah Sohkhlur on Thursday.
When the plague came, locusts entered India.
The library was inaugurated by Umsning MLA Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh as the chief guest and Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem as the chief guest.
This has come to light after the shooting death of an illegal sugarcane farmer in Dalia village in East Khasi Hills on 1st October named Asen M Marak.
The union urged the smugglers to provide the T.P, and the necessary documents for their export of timber, and said that if it finds the smugglers it will not forgive, She urged the government to take action on this issue and if it does not, it will take another route.
He said that the incident in Mukroh village, whether it is the fault of anyone but they should not shoot openly and if they do wrong they should be arrested and not shot openly.
Mahammad Ali, R/o Magurmari, WGH, Raziul Islam, S/o Shohor Ali, R/o Magurmari, Phulbari, WGH, Md.Samsul Haque, S/o Md.Nabaruddin, R/o Kurihamari, PS-Bhangnamari , Nalbari, Assam, S/o Smt.
Also present at the funeral were PDF President Gevin Mylliemngap MLA Sohra, Dr Amada Pakyntein, wife of Banteidor and other leaders.
“Health is the top priority but we will also ensure that it will not affect the income of the people,” he said.
He said that the Government of India has taken the initiative to set up NERIE in Meghalaya which at present accepts only 50 students to continue their B.Ed studies for the entire North East.
If thoughts are what govern our lives, then why don't we shape our thoughts with great things that can take our lives and society to new heights? which is longer.
“Furthermore, Bah Bareh said that cycling cross country is one of the sports that the residents of the State are well suited for, as it does not require much height or weight like other sports.
The four deaths were from East Khasi Hills and one from Ri Bhoi District.
Riwotki Ryngkhlem and Community Director Rtn.
The dry and ripe wheat is placed in this hole.
Many of them are not based on the election issues of the parties, unlike in other parts of India where the people are based on the election issues of the parties.
The festival which started on the 4th of this month, the Seng Samla has organized many kinds of games and awarded prizes to the winners.
Words such as man, friend, child, young man, thief, worker, god, animal, bird, fish, insect, and others are general terms, but the words Kong and Rangbah cannot be used generally. because there is a tangrai that must be understood in the traditional Khasi thought in order to understand these words more clearly.
“If the factory belongs to Robert Sohbar, how can Dharambir Bansal lodge a complaint with the police and what is his relationship with Robert Sohbar?” said the statement. The HNLC has decided to take the life of Dharambir Bansal for his illegal activities in Shallang and this decision will also come into force. other foreign traders, who work with the villagers in the area.
Another 5,000 people have recovered from the disease, bringing the total number of recoveries to 1 lakh.
Shillong: The Nongthymmai Sports & Cultural Club, Shillong invites all the old members of the Club to celebrate its Platinum Jubilee. The club invites former players who have led the club in various tournaments whether in football, cricket, athletics or hockey to attend. (17.07.2019) which is the opening ceremony of the 75th Anniversary of the club.
At 2 pm, the program will start with a prayer by Rgh JSR Syiemlieh, followed by a march by the male dancers, duhalia and the public at Lympung Weiking, Jaïaw. Rgh Skor Jala, followed by the raising of the flag of the Seng by Wh NR Shullai from the Seiñ Raij Shillong.
To encourage and encourage the two teams who reached the final, the Seng Samla Raid Nongbri also distributed cash prizes and trophies, where Umkei Sport club won as the winner. Umsawnongbri won the second prize of T.20000 and the trophies were distributed by Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum. others are elderly.
It was recalled that before taking this decision, the Minister had already met with many groups including church leaders, voluntary groups, village leaders and also from their groups. youth organizations and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Vice of the People's Party (VPP) has given the state government to temporarily suspend the recruitment of all government departments through the Reservation Policy while it cannot be renewed. the day of God.
There are currently 34 candidates contesting for the election to be held on the 13th of this month.
We must come out and demand an end to these acts of corruption and bring shame on the entire North East”.
Special consideration will be given to players who play out of state, work or are in clubs, schools as coaches.
“Not only that, we have tried hard to reach a final decision on this issue,” he said.
The BJP people who are like that are fighting forward, fighting behind, fighting to the right and fighting to the left.
Former CEM who led the festival, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, has denounced the allegation that the funds for the Khasi Heritage Village project have been misused.
JOWAI: The All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transport Association (ANSA) has demanded that the government should remove all the weighbridges along the NH-6 from Malidor to Byrnihat.
It was also found that once the money has been stolen, it is difficult even for the police to track down the thieves or recover the stolen money.
Drew Barrymore has stepped down as host of the MTV Movie & TV Awards 2023 in support of the Writers Guild's strike. increase the wages of them.
On the other hand, the Congress government has delayed in implementing the Ordinance.
According to a statement sent by the President of the Seng, Bah Reegenal Shylla, the issues discussed at the meeting will be on the coal seized by the Government under Section 21 (4) of the MMDR Act, The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has banned the mining and transportation of coal from Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that the question of postponing the roster will not arise again.
Look at the example of how the Dkhars look at those who walk and stand with a smile while ours look at them and don't speak well.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle on Friday arrested 10 foreigners at Mawiongrim while they were on their way from Assam to Mawbah, Shillong. .
Ramhah also chose the jaw.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Electricity, James Sangma, today denied the allegation that the state government has The price of a smart meter has been set at 10,000 tyngka.
Purno A Sangma died suddenly on Thursday morning at his home in New Delhi after suffering a heart attack.
According to Marshal Biam, the residents of East Jaintia Hills arrested them on 31st October 2020 and handed them over to the police.
The Chief Minister has been under home quarantine for the past four days after returning from Manipur and Delhi.
The party through this statement also congratulated Bah HM Shangpliang and the staff of Meghalaya House who helped to provide adequate accommodation to all the members who attended. of KJCF, Kolkata.
:The Khasi song, “Among the many colours” is a song with the participation of Khasi tyngshop, Michael Pyngrope and Khasi singers, including Rishisha Mynsong, Iarinia Pyngrope and Banri Lyngdoh.
Nongstoin, Nailar 14: The negligence of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited, to repair the tower it has erected at Sangriang village, for the purpose of providing services to the people of the area, has caused a loss of FKJGP Nongkhnom Circle, said the leaders of FKJGP Nongkhnom Circle.
He said that the North East has been less developed in previous years but has witnessed a change since Modi assumed office as Prime Minister in
Jowai, Jymmang 04: Seven candidates for the MLA election 2023 from West Jaintia Hills District including Sniawbhalang Dhar from 1-Nartiang and Coming- from 3-Raliang have filed their nomination papers. Chemhok Garod of PDF and Richard Singh Lyngdoh of Congress 4-Mowkaiaw are the candidates of Lasting Suchiang of TMC and Nujorki Sungoh of UDP. Speaking to media, Lasting Suchiang said that he has a desire to serve the people of the constituency and the state as a whole especially the poor and the sick.
According to the Minister, to recover and strengthen the residents, they need to walk and that is why the government has taken this step to turn this part of Khyndailad into a place. There is no need to worry about the cars or the street vendors.
Shillong, July 10: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs (UHC) has issued a notice to the Government of Meghalaya to respond to the Village Administration Bill. The Khasi and Jaintia Hills have decided not to approve the decision of the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan on these two Bills.
Only 3 vehicles will be allowed to accompany the candidates on this night and other vehicles of the supporters of the candidates will have to be parked outside the boundary of the village.
In fact, the Ramayana was supposed to be played by Hrithik Roshan but for some reason he has left the film.
After the second innings, WJH scored only 64 runs, with Sawakahi Syngkon scoring 24 runs and becoming the only player to score well.
However, it has been observed that some of those who drive two wheelers drive fast even in crowded places, and do not hesitate to enter from any side but have been able to pass chess ahead of other vehicles. .
Sometimes, there are words in court, where the judges criticize and you cannot challenge the judges when they conduct various cases.
Prestone said this is the last meeting to move forward with the demarcation of the six sectors.
Rajasthan Royals will play first against Punjab Kings and then against Delhi Capitals, ACA CEO Pritam Mahanta said.
East Khasi Hills, which usually comes first, has 204 cases, Ribhoi 18 cases and West Garo Hills 65 cases.
This has happened again after the State Government suspended the subsidy for fertilizers to the farmers on July 12, 2014 on the grounds of reducing the impact of fertilizers like Urea, DAP , MOP and SSP for the health of the residents.
Don't look at the Congress, the BJP is in their hands, why can't they do anything,” she said.
Earlier, the Rangbah Shnongs had given one month to the state government to take action and ensure that the VAB becomes law. However, the government has not been able to do anything on the VAB so they have left for Delhi and soon they will announce the results of the visit to Delhi.
Meghalaya has joined Vidarbha, Karnataka, Delhi, Himachal Pradesh and Tamil Nadu in Elite Group E. The 22 teams will be led by Dabasmita Dutta.
However, the CEM could not grant the request of the Association.
At home it's difficult, I don't like her to hold a mobile because my dream as a mother is to finish her studies first and to wait for the time because she is still a child,” said the mother. you are Promoted.
The time when the nations of the world will be shaken will be the times of the most terrible war and Israel will stand alone.
What kind of foods do people not eat these days, but instead of becoming healthier, they are getting sicker.
The NPP has now reached 28 MLAs, following the merger of the PDF with the NPP.
Guwahati: U Bhubaneshwar Kalita, Speaker of the Congress in the Rajya Sabha, who left the Congress party, joined the BJP on Tuesday.
Bah Swett, said, “Yn leit ud iano” and expects the MLA of the area, to take action, so that the people of Khahbada, will not lose their land. “Bah JG Swett of Shella, who is also the founder state member of the Aam Aadmi Party Meghalaya, has joined the BJP. In the presence of Bah Jrop Singh Nongkhlaw who is also the BJP candidate from 26 Shella Assembly Constituency.
“This time I have come back to you to request and ask for your full support to allow me to lead you as MLA of 17-North Shillong to the Ïingdorbar. create a new law.
“According to the test, the bridge is still in good condition but we have decided that the experts from IIT should examine it according to modern equipment,” said Mondal.
The Meghalaya Land Transfer Act of the State Government does not exist, but it is the District Councils which have improved and restored the land tenure system used by our indigenous people since time immemorial. to the time and for a long time.
Raymon Sten (73) was the first to score.
He said that in fact according to the arrangement since 2019, the UDP should lead the Executive Committee in KHADC, but the UDP did not know about this incident and there was no information. .
For more information please contact 9612167214 (Rimilan Passah). 9612623103 (Dauru Laloo).
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The ration distributor of Kynroh Lymlyer 'A' Center in Sohiong, East Khasi Hills, has resigned from the post of ration distributor on the grounds that she does not have enough money to become a ration distributor.
Metric fell leaders, who speak trading English, how can they run the affairs of the state which includes not only the law and order affairs? , but the budget, planning etc. which are the various development projects and all other projects, which should be looked after only by the intellectuals? Who elects these MLAs and MDCs? When such leaders appear, it spreads to the electorate who sent them.
In this regard, the Mawphlang MLA urged the Director to take action to restore the electricity supply to the village and the lineman as well.
One of those dances which expresses the joy and happiness of the soul is the Shad Suk Mynsiem which is held once a year at Weiking Jaiaw, Shillong.
Commenting on the illegal issuance of certificates to the Garo people, Bah Dohtdong said, “The certificates are issued according to the customs and traditions and according to the Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headmen Act of the Hima Mylliem. It is clear that the Sanad should not be issued only to the Khasi Rangbah Shnong, but how can it be issued to the Garo Rangbah Shnong?
On this occasion, the Basan of Raid Mawlieh, RF Lyngdoh, gave a speech and blessed the longkur longjait longraid longshnong to have a healthy market, a house, a plant and a burial ground. symbai lanai and that they should be able to hold the rule of law and knowledge of man and knowledge of God and to respect each other and to be humble without discrimination whether small or large, poor or rich but to stand firm in it. The foundation for the protection of the rights of the longjait long kynja, the peace and prosperity of the longraid longshnong which has been established by the ancestors since the beginning of the days.
They lose the power of godliness when they do not obey the Word of God but walk in their own understanding.
For example, the stadium in Wahiajer village, which is of international standard cost of less than Rs 40 crore, will be opened in March
In 2017-18, there were 5,916 bank robberies and 5,916 losses worth ₹41,167.03 crore.
He said that he does this job not for money but he wants to help the people in this field especially in these times and ages when people don't know anymore. They don't even have those mystery trees anymore.
How much more can we do, when the enemies are near our house, they see us when we come and go and so on.
“Now that the soskular has been signed, there has been a demand from the Opposition in Assam to hold another hearing but I have replied in the House that finally all these areas fall under India and as brothers, we have signed them. and we have ended the dispute over seven places.
He added that the child's statement is unfounded and false, and the difference is that the voice is not his, but it is. However, it cannot be said that many civil society organizations have given their cooperation for the sake of peace and stability in the Langpih area.
The Adviser of the UDP Amlarem Unit, Bah Kolmen Pohshna, has appealed to the people of Amlarem Constituency to join hands with the people of Amlarem Constituency as has been seen in the past five years through the hard work of the MLA. the region in connection with the introduction of Govt.
In July 1922, Don Bosco's Salesian missionaries arrived in Shillong to take over the North East India Mission, and three months after their arrival, four of them, including Fr. John Deponti, arrived in Shillong. , Fr.Joseph Hauber, Br.
Little Kickers and Rangdajied United Eagles won against Nongtrai Cheetahs and Upper Shillong Colts.
Urging the executive committee to examine the matter, Bah Ban asked how EVMs can be used in this country while other countries like Japan, UK, USA which manufacture EVMs cannot be used in this country. the election.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that the state has no community transmission and those who have been infected with Covid-19 are only those who have just returned from the country. out of state.
Our fathers worshiped in mount Jericho, and ye say, that in Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship.
Hek said his proposal has nothing to do with other political parties when asked whether the suggestion to nominate women is to fight against the decision of the National People's Party (NPP). ), which was nominated by female candidates including Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State and Agatha K Sangma, incumbent MP for Shillong and Tura Parliamentary Seats.
However, after these two companies failed to complete the tender within the deadline set by the government, the government started calling tenders again in June 2007 and it was in 2008 that the government M/S Lessly Shylla through Build on Transfer (BOT) to build and operate the project for 33 years.
“The milk (from the cows) until now everyone drinks, they say it's not right to drink the milk, the whole village drinks the milk, they sell the milk, it's not right,” he said. said Mr. Arkini.
“The people of Dieng Pasoh don't want foreigners to come or to set up factories but they want gradual development and not steady development,” said some of the residents of Dieng Pasoh. Diengpasoh while talking to reporters on the opening day of the market in the village on the 27th of last month.
Dr Jesmine said that it was with the help of her brother Bah RG Lyngdoh, her sister Dr M.Ampareen Lyngdoh and her husband and daughter that she was able to organize the event. I will not enter into the kingdom of the world.
Accompanying victims to hospitals for medical aid.
The passing away of this great leader of the country and the nation has brought grief not only to his relatives but also to the District and the State as a whole. Tens of thousands of people flocked to Madan New Nongstoin to take part in the last rites of his body before being taken to Mawkyllei Village for burial. Mrs. Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
I also arrived at the scene within five minutes and we tried our best to extinguish the fire,” said Francis.
Jowai, Naiwieng 12: The KNG CSU (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the violence of the General Secretary of the Union.
After more than six months, the mother of the tamsneng had a conversation with one of the daju whom she knew well in the market.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 24: Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem today inaugurated the Dorbar Hall of Umlyngkdait Village which was built under the SRWP and MGNREGA schemes at a cost of more than Rs 5 lakh. The residents of this village have not had a proper Dorbar Hall for many years.
The Minister also expressed the need to amend the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act to empower the police force to fight against drug trafficking in the state.
He said that if the smuggling of rnga continues, after five years the forests in the area from Mawlangdep to Langja, Mawruksoiñ to Nongmisei and Shahlang will be destroyed.
On this special occasion, the Prime Minister said that the newly appointed candidates are beginning their most important journey in life and congratulated all the newly appointed candidates and their families.
Mr. Scott also spoke about the behavior of voters who take advantage of candidates during the elections by asking for money.
On the other hand, we have been looking for a place and we have found in Byrnihat Ribhoi District to open a temporary cow shop, because the cow meat vendors have also wanted to open their shops. Therefore, we will set up a temporary area to allow the meat vendors to come and open their shops.
Of the tender cost of the project, up to Rs 77 crore has already been paid while the work has not yet reached 30 percent.
Shira, wife of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma, has lodged a petition against Conrad alleged that the government has not provided the UC to the central government for the implementation of the UC. a hundred days scheme during the elections in the last months.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Medical Services Association (MMSA) has expressed its appreciation to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, for its vision to take action regarding the shortage of doctors in the state.
The 21K and Cycling races were flagged by SC Sadhu, IAS Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District while the 10K, 5K and 1K races were flagged by the Election Department officers.
However, the legal process may take time but the party will continue to monitor this because it has not been released.
Shillong, July 25: U Bah Ardent Miller, President of the VPP, on Tuesday said that the government should not take stingy the VPP's protest against the Lokayukta, as even in Garo Hills they have given their support to the VPP. VPP on the government's challenge to the Lokayukta.
Speaking to media, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titos W Chyne said that the Bill is to protect the rights of the people. parents to all children.
These three children drowned in the Moolieh River, part of the Kupli River on Saturday.
In a letter to the SP, Govind said that some of the people who came to threaten him whom he could not identify were Prakash Gupta, Munna Biswas, Md. Mateen, Md Sadh Ahmed. , and Md Saleem are all from Jhalupara.
New Delhi, July 28: The U-15 Regional Academy Kolkata of the All India Football Federation (AFA) has beaten East Bengal U-19 in a friendly. at the East Bengal ground.
Now that the Meghalaya Rural Tourism Cooperative Federation (MRTCFL) has been established, led by Rangbah Rothell Khongsit, we hope that these qualities will be achieved. Those that affect the community of residents around the tourist attractions will be resolved immediately so that the reputation of the villages will be preserved.
If we look around this country, we are indeed those who are 'blessed' in that we have all that others may dream of, we have mountains, rivers, forests, land and Others, when we have this wealth of nature, the question we should ask is why do we lack jobs? God the Creator is truly wise, so we should look carefully and judge. so that we ourselves can use what we have in a proper manner that does not affect and does not cause harm to the environment and society.
On this occasion, Ma Shibun denied that he had any money laundering.
“It is not a recent synrop but it has been in existence since the time of (L) PA Sangma who also contested the election for the post of President of India,” he said. .
The Administration of Elaka Second Amendment Bill 2023 will be introduced in the Special Session to help curb the entry and exit of foreigners in the villages. Village Leaders in the presence of members of the Seng Samla and Seng Longkmie.
We must not fall into such situations that lead to destruction.
“He said that the Commissioner & Secretary in charge of Education Dr BDR Tiwari in a letter to the teachers has informed that the department has prepared a formula for the release of this is the arrer.
But suddenly in the middle of the forest he met a Tymmen who was sitting by the road and asked – What are you doing? Tymmen replied, “I am the truth.
Jowai Police have arrested two drug traffickers with 4.61 grams of heroin and T.1,90,000 cash on the morning of July
The arrested persons have been handed over to the West Khasi Hills Police Station for further investigation.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tyngsong said the government has received a request from the owners of petrol pumps to extend the payment period due to the outbreak of COVID-1 must be paid by October 31st.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Roshan said that her inspection was to know how the hospital is and the government will try to meet the minimum requirements as much as possible. to patient needs.
“Bih tits or 'buid tits', on the one hand, have their own characteristics and it is more difficult to identify them.
According to the MLA from Garo Hills, the time has come to set up patrols in such places where there are many people and places where there are many police officers who are still old enough. It is not necessary to discriminate against the police officers who are in such a physical appearance or job that they have been chained but it is also necessary for the police department to treat these other types of employees who are not old enough. It is time for them to work from the office so that the work can go smoothly.
The MDC elections for KHADC and JHADC will be held on 27th June.
Seven people have died in the past 24 hours, five from East Khasi Hills, one from Ri Bhoi District and one from South West Garo Hills.
The jyntang from your body is also used to feed the cow.
When asked, Bah Paul said that they cannot say exactly which village they will go to because it is still too late to say in advance and that they don't want to have any incident where someone has taken advantage of the village. this is the ongoing discussion.
Throughout the occasion, the MDC of Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Rani, in support of the Rasong Village Organization, also donated chairs to the Rasong Village Organization. for the good of the village.
I know that he has not said this four months before the elections in Meghalaya.
Regarding the loss of land during the drought, the Sohniamtra farmer urged the government to take action to provide assistance to those farmers who have suffered the most. Sohniamtra, so that these farmers, who have suffered losses, can escape from losing heart in their farming activities.
He said that the introduction of Section 4 (e), (f) of the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act has violated the law and land grabbing happens every day in the name of religion, power of attorney, names of development projects and other projects.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya Unit has said that it is not satisfied with the government's decision to appoint a committee to investigate the allegations of corruption in GHADC and JHADC. The BJP Meghalaya Unit leaders said this in a meeting with G Kishan Reddy, Minister of State for Home Affairs in Delhi.
Replying to this, Executive Member, Bah Victor Ranee said, “Besides the assistance to the 30 MDCs, there is also a Khasi Heritage Village which the Council looks after and has built 11 stairs. Hima where the EC has visited recently.
He said that once the parking lots have been completed, it is expected that they will reduce the traffic jam especially when many of the residents park their vehicles in the area. found in sections of roads.
They also expressed their gratitude to all those who have donated for this famous young man of the area, as he really needs the help of all those who have soul.
“Our family is a family that has stood firm in the opposition to uranium,” he said, recalling how as a family together with the KSU leaders they stood firm during the time of strong mining pressure. Uranium during the tenure of CEM Bah HS Shylla.
They said that the Sordars and the people who read this news should not think anything else because it is a false news, but until now all the Sordars and the people are still standing firm. I don't want to be in Meghalaya.
Arunachal Pradesh, Sikkim and Mizoram are also expected to take part in the tournament and give a spectacular match against Meghalaya which is the host state.
Meanwhile, Bah Pynshngaiñ spoke on the need for the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima in the same umbrella in order to fight against the floods.
Sources said Sethi has requested the ACC that if Plan B of the PCB is rejected by the ACC members, then the country as a whole will be rejected. The PCB will withdraw its membership from the federation.
Friends United beat Sumer Veterans 7-6 to reach the final.
He urged the people not to be deceived by the NPP's money, because the people in the NPP have become selfish and selfish.
He said that since November 2020, the government has issued guidelines and warnings and if people who go to public places, do not wear masks, they will be fined up to HK$ 10,000 or ($1,2 ) if they violate this requirement.
He spoke to the crowd and said, “Yours is a land for gods to live in, its air, its natural scenery, its pure atmosphere, its sweet water, would attract even gods if yout hearts were pure.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, Jagdish Chelani, said it is too early to comment on the incident.
When asked whether he will contest the MDC election, Bah Ronnie said it is up to the units to propose, but if anyone wants to, he will allow others because the Congress is not a private party. you are the one who has to be approved by all.
Prestarding Shangpliang, also known as Liehbho, was confirmed by the children of Prestarding Shangpliang, their mother, Selbina Sangriang. The Sordar of Seinduli-1 and the Selbina village, the Sordar of Seinduli-1 and the Selbina village, said that the family members of Bah Dharti, the husband of Selbina, have been arrested. They came to take him away and on the part of those in the house of the woman, together with the Sangriang Kur, they completely expelled Selbina from the Sangriang Kur.
Shillong: The KSU, FKJGP and HNYF Mawlai Circle have decided to commemorate the 10th Anniversary of the Death of (L) Cheristerfied Thangkhiew on the 13th July There will be a flag raising ceremony starting at 9 pm and a rally at 12 noon at Kyntonmassar Road Um Thum Thum. The funeral of (L) Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew at Lawmali and afterwards there will be a short meeting at Mawlai Nonglum Petrol Pump followed by the Mombati ceremony in the evening.
New York: Vivek Ramaswamy, an American of Indian descent, is one of the candidates for the Republican presidential ticket. “I am a Hindu,” he said about his religion.
They are students of Class XI at St. Paul's Higher Secondary School, Marbisu.
After Purno's appeal to the Union Minister, the Water Resources Department has ordered the Meghalaya government to prepare its proposal and the remaining work will be arranged by the Union Minister. central government.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Latiplang Kharkongor today said, “It is not me but Paul Lyngdoh who is still the EM of Trade. Although he was removed, this was after Bah Paul alleged that Bah Latiplang is a CEM.
We sincerely hope that this initiative will not only bring about meaningful relations between the countries but also develop strategies in the fields of education, culture and trade.
The old man took Pah Syntiew to his village.
Furthermore, India has reached its target of generating 40% renewable electricity by 2030, six years ahead of schedule.
He said that the union has mentioned that from the drinking water supply in the area which they have promised to provide, but he said that in Nongkrem the water supply is only in the ground floor while in Jaintia Hills the water supply is only in the ground floor. MP Pala said that the MP has not been able to do anything to provide water to Jaintia Hills, but he has come to promise again in Nongkrem.
We need to know that the number of cases of Coronavirus (COVID 19) is still increasing.
When there were too many children from non-Khasi fathers, the nation disappeared.
As the leader of the people of Ri Khat-ar Dolloi, he did not hesitate to see that the mynder ri become the rulers and the citizens of the country, the citizens live in the midst of suffering and suffering day and night. He does not want his own religion, customs, traditions and customs to be lost.
There are those who are eager and who read from the heart to receive the teachings.
He said at the meeting held in Brazil, 196 countries of the world have taken commitments to curb warming and climate change and one of the commitments taken is to develop all types of forests. haka world.
Jephrin Sumer, Member of the Village Council, said that they are not against the opening of the market, but the appointment of the Waheh Shnong because the village authorities and the people do not know.
“Because we don't want to affect the final exam, we have decided to sit on strike every day until the government listens to our demands,” said Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh R. .Kyiv: As the fighting in Kyiv continues, NATO troops have gathered near Russia in recent days to defend themselves and it is said that there are now 30,0 Two NATO troops from 28 countries have arrived in Norway, which borders Russia.
He said that there have been many incidents and riots in France and around the universities of this country which has a large Muslim and Jewish population.
“There are many markets for goods from this state,” he said, adding that there are still many works to be done before the harvest.
Where are those promises of the NPP party, isn't it just to mislead the people? In my opinion, many of our leaders are afraid of the central government like a child is afraid of a tree. .
Do I have to pay admission/annual fees? There are no other fees except tuition fees.
On the other hand, Bah Kitbok Ryngksai, Secretary of the JAC, expressed his satisfaction with the promise of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to take action on this issue and bring it up for discussion at the meeting. of the cabinets.
They will take part in the 21st Sub Union National Wushu Championship.
The three Indian wushu fighters were unable to join the national team in Hangzhou for the Asian Games due to visa problems.
He also recalled that sometimes world-famous players like Maradona and Messi sit as reserves and give chances to others and leave in the minutes before the break.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Dancer's Association (ADA) has congratulated all 14 singers and dancers from all districts of Meghalaya who will soon compete in the India Talent Fight which will be held in Shillong on 28th July, 2019 under the leadership of the members of AMDA. To remind you, these children are the famous children in the State who have also competed in the State Level of Meghalaya Super Star Season-I, Season – II and Season – III, and the Districts of Ri-Bhoi, which the organization from time to time has made arrangements to open. the way to broadcast in the capital of India on various television stations.
Dr. Bandana Chowdry spoke on many issues related to the empowerment of women and also on the areas where we should empower women such as allowing them to appear in the service. in the society, to improve their education, income, politics and also in the thinking of the Longkmie that they should be strong in the society.
In the past few days, almost every day, fish farmers come to carry fish seeds from the farm at Sylleiïawkheiñ near Nongstoiñ Shillong.
“However, if it is found that the complaint is unfounded, he will be prosecuted and arrested and imprisoned according to the law,” said Bah Kharkongor.
Shillong, July 24: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) on Tuesday said that the Agneepath Scheme introduced by the NDA government for the recruitment of soldiers is like a stick and a new stick for the youth who want to join the army. serve the country as a soldier.
After announcing the names of these eight candidates, the HSPDP leaders allowed them one by one to speak one or two words on their goal. the mid-term elections were held.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongpoh Circle, today raided a timber factory in Borgang, Marngar, Ri Bhoi District.
Admitting that education in the rural areas has been neglected, the MDC said, “I would also like to point out that even the rice distributed to them through the PM Poshan scheme is not enough for some of them. schools which is something of great concern.
There is one LP and one UP school while the higher schools are located in Mawbri, Mynken and other villages in the Umroi and Bhoirymbong area or in Shillong.
The Sordar said that if there are any land owners or anyone who has received information about the construction of foreign villages, they should complain to him because if there is no complainant, he will not receive information.
Chairman of the CCIB, Bah Kmen Myrchiang, said that the CCIB will fight for the rights of the people even if they are not allowed by the law. “If the government uses physical or legal force, we will fight for our rights,” said Bah Kmen. talk to Rupang.
“I don't know why he will come but I was informed that he will come but now I have been informed that he will not come,” said Bah Rowel, one of the senior leaders of the Congress party in the state.
The pond has been constructed with a beautifully constructed dam and implemented by the Soil and Water Conservation Department in collaboration with Mawrah Village.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that from October to November, the government has spent T.399 crore out of which it has paid T.251 crore. and the remaining amount is T.148 crore.
Now the value of the voters in those constituencies they lead is known to the public.
That is why the Word of God says – “Because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me: for thou hast forgotten the law of thy God; and I will forget thy children (Children of Israel)" Hosea 4:6
They also threatened to kill them if they go to vote in Byndihati on 27th June
However, the most important thing is that the fertilizer from the trees does not damage the soil or the plant.
After the arrest of the suspect, the HFU members lodged a complaint with the OC of Mylliem Police Station, but the OC of Mylliem Police Station said that he cannot take the suspect. The complaint was no longer under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem, as this person was arrested from the parking lot at Khlieh Iewduh.
Leaders of these two organizations, Hamar Lyngkhoi President of HANM and Bah D.Sun President of WKSU, alleged that the government has auctioned the Challan without calling an open tender as usual. They also said that the price of Challan does not match the price set by the government which is 16,000 thousand per Challan because the sellers have increased the price to more than 10 lakh.
Bah Omega Myrthong, resident of Mawlaingut village, was shot dead by robbers on the night of 26th June, 2023 near Umïam Police Station.
Khliehriat, Nailur, 07: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, in a statement, today announced that the North Eastern Hills University (STD) has changed its name to St. Anthony's College. Don Bosco College, Byndihati.
He said that every year 10 to 15 thousand youths complete their studies while only 10 thousand government jobs are vacant.
He added that the people of East Jaintia Hills have not yet been able to pay the land tax for the construction of the road.
“Conrad knows that the NPP is no longer a National People's Party but a National Puppet Party and your My Development Alliance will be surprised if another government comes to look after the welfare of the people and the party. lucky you," he said.
Laitphar Syngkren said that the union has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner and SDO, but they have not done anything on their part and this has led them to lodge a complaint with the Symbud Myntri. Chairman, Mr. Prestone Tynsong in this regard.
(This verse is taken from the Gospel of John 3:16) “Lord, remove unbelief from my heart and soul.
