On the other hand, the Minister promised to provide the remaining 12 lakh and urged the JF&EPA to find a way to fill the shortfall.
I went to Savio Juniorate, Mawlai and I was not elected and I had to return to the village,” he said.
“We have invited a tender for those who wish to take over the management of the Institute and promote traditional medicine,” said CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem.
Jowai, Nailar 23: The Behdeiñkhlam Festival of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla has come to an end today Muchai at Wah Biar (Aitnar). The last Behdeiñkhlam festival this year started on the 20th of July (four days and three nights).
Everything you have done in the world to speak against the border is now speaking like the border.
Radhon Sing Berri, u ong When you are born, you should not be surprised, but you should know that you are the son of your father.
All the speakers congratulated these youths who have brought honor to themselves, their families and the Dkhar clan and extended their best wishes and blessings to them to continue their studies. .
After these shijur, Nishanta came out with seven 4s and two 6s.
“This mother has now been forcibly abandoned by an animal spirit and we don't know what will happen to the future of these four children.
Replying to a question, Prestone also urged the leaders of the FKJGP and other political parties to restrain their members so that there will be no conflict or any problems when there are such events. public.
I never imagined that the country would give me so much love, respect and blessings," he said.
It is learned that earlier the CEC of KHNAM had sent a letter to Bah Adelbert Nongrum, after his resignation from the post of Working President to explain its decision on the MDC ticket. KHNAM will hold its CEC meeting tomorrow, 24th July 2013. According to media reports, KHNAM will hold its CEC meeting tomorrow. The 24th of this month has also decided to suspend Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
He stressed that if the board has more than 15 members, there should be a proper decision and the matter should be announced clearly.
Leaders from Gorkhaland, Tripura, Karbi Anglong and Telengana arrived in Tura to attend the rally held at Teteng Aja Government College. lad Circuit House.
The decision was taken after hearing the case of Sordar Shnat Raid Tynring who did not hold a dorbar regularly as it should have been in which only men took part in the election. the village chief.
All these things happen once every five years or before the elections, when the election candidates use their tricks and skills to deceive the stupid people and the intellectuals as well.
“We have found that many of the drivers in Laitumkhrah area do not know about this white tree,” said ACPM President Gabriel Nongrum in the presence of General Secretary S Lawai. and Rida Khyriem, Treasurer, while talking to reporters at Shillong Press Club.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayraldborn, said that as a leader, who has been re-elected by the people for the second time, he understands the problems faced by the people who use the The road, due to the deterioration of the road, has caused a lot of trouble to the people in the area.
It is understood that more than 5,000 youths have returned and there are still about 7,000 youths who are still returning today.
On the 18th April 2020, with hope and confidence, I wrote a letter to Rupang saying, I hope that God will heal the family of (L) Dr. Sailo Ryntathiang.
When asked, he said, “I don't think I'm going to turn back or play chess because I'm not even on the field.
It means to Inform, Explain, Understand and Implement among us, in our lives, in our homes, and in our communities.
The party has also appointed two elders as advisors including Bah Arwan Tariang and Bah Alantry Dkhar, said a statement from Bah T. Sawian, Secretary.
The Sengbhalang alleged that this statement has seriously insulted the Sengbhalang.
This is also at a time when the COVID-19 pandemic has struck for the second time.
June Shylla scored the goals for Mookaswan Dongneiñ in the 50th and 54th minutes of the second half.
It was founded by William Erskine Ward in 1893-1894 and covers an area of ​​6.28 hectares.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday held a meeting between the Executive Committee (EC), farmers, leaders of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU), the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. to discuss the kilo cut of agricultural products brought to Judea, Judea.
“We need to look beyond the reservation and that in the minds of the students of the North East there should be the spirit to compete with other youth of the world,” he said. Speaking as the chief guest at the celebration of the International Day of the World Indigenous People (NEIPF) at the Multi Convention Hall, NEHU Campus, Shillong on Tuesday.
“I don't pay in the morning and I don't eat at night, I don't know how to get that T.525 tyngka,” said another.
These are Umtyngar, Sohra, Mawlong, Ichamati, Bholaganj, Lad Mawreng, Mawphlang, Weiloi, Mawsynram, Balat, Ranikor, Ranigodown, Nongstoin, Rambrai, Kyrshai and Nongstoin. , Riangdo-Athiabari-Hahim, Nongstoin-Rangblang-Wahkaji-Phlangdiloin-Ranikor, Nongstoin-Mawkyrwat, Nandipur-Tikrikilla-Medhipara-Rongsai-Dmaram-Nsubel-paraghdoba , Dalu-Baghmara, Tura-Garobadha-Phulbari-Tikrikilla, Umsning-Mawhati-Jagi Road, Pasyih-Garampani-Haflong, Ummawlong-Nartiang-Kdiap-Khanduli, Tura-Dalu-Chokpot-Sibabari, Garabadha-ganjzag-Ampati andMahe-Zig-Zig other roads that urgently need to be completed.
This shows that we are one nation, we should not say that we are Bhoi or Pnar.
“We have selected IGNYTE Rain Coats of 10,000 mm and these Rain Coats not only protect against the rain but also protect against the wind so that the police can do their job and go home. and those who love each other between a healthy body," he said.
Nehemiah arrived in Jerusalem and stayed there for three days. which are broken down, and the gates have been burned with fire.
She was a poor, humble, self-conscious, self-conscious woman and after the death of her husband, she had to work hard to support herself and to earn as much as she could to provide for herself. and the food shall be for the children that shall be born.
We therefore need both knowledge and experience.
“It has also warned of strong winds with winds of up to 55 km per hour.
One of the brothers of the victim said that his brother was a stonecutter and while he was on his way home, he was caught in the tyrsim. He was beaten to death by robbers and his body was found on the side of the road.
No, and that is why the political parties and their leaders do not care.
The NPP manifesto brings forward the actions that have been taken and will continue to take place in the next five years.
The union has met with the owner of the shop inside the office of the union , at that time , Tip Por Lypon , has confessed that he has done this but he has not spoken to them He said that the withdrawal of the money from the DIC office is due to their failure to attend the training. Store.
I hope you will agree that the world is so beautiful because of this advance technology in which the whole world is in our hands.
Despite the opposition from the villagers of Wahiajer, the village leaders of Thangskai, Chiehruphi and Wahiajer villages in Narpuh District, East Jaintia Hills District have approved the expansion of operations and increased production. Meghalaya Cement Limited (Topcem) on the 24th of this month.
This project is not only for Cooperative Societies or SHGs, but private individuals who work in this field can also build fish farms but for private individuals it will cost only 1000 tyngka, he said.
Performance times are 12 noon, 2 pm, 5 pm and 8 pm.
Speaking exclusively to Bah Raphael at his office in Shillong, he said that the traditional custom is to cover everyone to strengthen the jaidbynriew. They are the children of the Khasi.
Sonia is currently in hospital for treatment.
Khliehmawlieh will play against Mawlai while Rangdajied will play against Lajong.
The DGP has warned the public to refrain from giving any payment to any person or group and said that paying money to illegal groups will violate the provisions of Sections 11, 13 & He said that those who have been extorted money should inform the police so that they can take necessary action. their names and any information about them will be kept confidential.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the Kur Waheh, Samson Dkhar of Sutnga and the agenda was read out by the General Secretary of the Kur, Ma Vincent Dkhar of Mulait.
He said that in the past years, the Central Government has included various languages ​​of India in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India on the recommendation of various committees but the committees such as the Pahwa Committee (1996) and the Sitakant Mohapatra Committees (2003) have ignored the rules relating to the inclusion of languages ​​in the Eighth Schedule.
About 12 of the dead were trapped and buried alive in the collapse of houses and wells in various incidents across the area.
Besides all these, the organization needs to be strong and able to support for at least 3-4 years.
As usual, APSTA will donate T50,000/- to the Ri Khasi Channel Christmas Make Over 2023, to the Parish of Pynursla and to NEIMA in Pynursla.
On Saturday, Sohiong was bustling with election rallies of the three parties. The streets were filled with flag bearing vehicles and musical instruments. buses, trucks and small cars alike.
"I don't want to say that I'm sorry," said Kanye West.
It is true that although he was not born as one of the great men, he has made himself great by shining as one of the stars of the country.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Ardonald Marbaniang Assistant GS Mawshynrut Circle and a speech was delivered by Samla Losbingwel Lyngkhoi President HYC Mawshynrut Circle. Many of the disabled have not received assistance from the government despite having disability certificates.
Superintendent of Police, Sylvester Nongtnger, Mawngap Police Station, said that the Mawngap Police Station has received a complaint on 15th November that a motorcycle ML05-P-6045 has been stolen from Umlympung, 12th March. Mylliem and immediately registered a case and conducted an investigation.
Speaking to reporters during his visit to Shillong today, Paswan said that the people of Meghalaya who should have received the National Food Ration Act (NFSA) should receive exactly the same amount. They should appeal to the Central Government and if there is any mistake or non-compliance, they should lodge a complaint with the Government so that it can take the necessary action.
Another is the ability of Bah Ardent to attract the people to the meeting and especially to explain and convince the people on the need for transparent governance.
The CBI has also raided 18 places and arrested five others for allegedly paying money for work, for the construction of border crossings and signboards and other works related to the signboarding project on the border with Bangladesh.
On the other hand, Kong RM Kurbah in her speech said that the lives of women or longkmie do many things, but in the midst of many difficulties such as the lack of opportunity to convey their knowledge and understanding to the most parties,notwithstanding that too conducted their business well in their homes or outside in a proper manner.
The number of victims of railway accidents in the country has dropped from 473 in 2000-01 to 100,000 in the past few days. 48 cases in 2022-2
Speaking on the occasion, Lapang said that he will not return to the Congress party at all.
M.Parïong said that there is another incentive of the government to the people, which is the fish farming industry.
Shillong, July 3 : Three officers of the Meghalaya Civil Service (MCS) have been promoted to the rank of Indian Administrative Service (IAS) today.
Shisha has happened now.
He lost hope and it was difficult to repair the damage to the nation.
Marak said in a petition submitted to the Governor that it is not appropriate to allow Mukul Sangma and his brother Zenith Sangma to continue as prime minister as it would delay the investigation of the Commission. .
It is time to recognize the Constitution of our beloved country.
On Saturday, an inspection was held between the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, PWD Department, Municipal Department, Ministers of Mylliem Hima including Minister K Langstieh. and Minister MB Kharlukhi with police accompaniment.
The Waheh Shnongs are requested to publicly announce this campaign and to assist the Booth Level Officers (BLOs) when they come to their Polling Stations for this campaign.
He said that although the ruling party is within one party, there are other issues on which one or both parties do not agree.
The truth will be known later as according to information received from Mawryngkneng MLA, Bah Heavingstone Kharpran, one of the taxi drivers who was shot and injured was a resident of Mawryngkneng. Mawryng.
The farmers have expressed their deep sorrow over the damage to their crops following the untimely rainfall in the state.
Speaking to reporters, KAS President Dr.DRL Nonglait said, “It doesn't make sense to inform through the media here but we have decided to hold a public meeting at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi on the 30th of this month.
The prizes for the lucky draw are as follows: 1st Prize Mahinda Thar 2nd Prize Rs.1,00,000/- 3rd Prize Rs.
HANM Western Ribhoi Circle As a thank you, please send us your personal or office account.
RDA candidate Bah Robertjune in his speech assured the people of Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia that if he is elected as MP he will continue to work with the Central Government for the immediate implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
The vision of the present Government is to a great extent.
AMSSASTA does not want to stand up but requests the government to listen to the teachers.
Furthermore, to create opportunities for the youth to set up jobs whether in manufacturing, small factories and other opportunities for them to stand on their own feet.
In a statement, the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah D.Sawkmie, invited the residents of Mawlai from students, shopkeepers, Driver Associations, village officials, party officials to Prominent personalities or dignitaries to attend the training programme, where experts from the department, will come to provide training and treatment.
According to Kong Rangad, she said that the law should be followed because even the thieves have the right to follow the law and be tried but the police use the MPDA Act not only for them. people who steal cars too.
Thousands of pigs have died in Lakhimpur from swine flu.
It was also announced that the Congress party will conduct the second Jan Jagran Yatra from July 15,
If the father or mother dies, only the children shall be burned.
Lammat OO also announced the start of the 11th Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pynsuk Sten said that the problems faced by them at Khappud are too many and only those who are new to Shiah understand the disease.
If the NDA government under the leadership of the BJP comes back to power or gets back the central government after the MP elections 2024, the plan is to remove the ST status of the converts. Islam and Christianity will be fulfilled without hesitation with the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
The Minister, while inspecting the meat processing plant, expressed her satisfaction with the progress of the work which started in November, 2014 and hoped that the work will be completed within the time limit. that was kept within 18 months.
Then Rida understood that she couldn't talk anymore.
The dorbar decided on 21st July 1949 through an amendment by the Syiem of Jirang, Paiem Sirendro Wahlang, which received 46 votes, which wanted the Khasi States to be included in the First Schedule of India along with the Annexed Agreement. outside the province of Assam.
“If there were encouragers and at the same time I can say helpers whether from behind or in public - the world sees, that's what makes them successful. I hope that they will come to rebuild their houses and to resume the restoration of the march and standing which has been a war in the past few days but now when I walk along the road I see that it has been When we see the faces of the Khariong, we have to ask whether the District Council or the Municipal has given them the authority to sit back through the assistance. “It's a good idea to have a strong supporter of the Dkhars,” he said.
The match on Tuesday (23rd March, 2023) will be between Dulong and Luti Tuber SW at 12 noon.
“Since we upgraded the school to Secondary Level, the school has recorded a record 100 percent pass percentage, except in two years,” said the Headmaster, D Mylliemngap.
He said it is expected that Ukraine will retaliate and intensify its fighting in the near future in order to regain those parts of its territory that have been occupied and occupied. in Russia.
He said this order came after the HPC had asked for three months to respond to the Government's proposal.
These organizations work together for the sake of change, the well-being of mankind in all aspects and peace and security in the world.
In another match, Panaliar beat Chutwakhu 2-0
It was 4 o'clock in the morning.
Who knows if the coronavirus is one of those plagues? The Coronavirus has not yet entered our state, because God is still waiting for us to repent.
There are three villages under the Mawbyrngem polling station, Mawbyrngem, Rwiang and Tiniang. The total number of voters is 395 voters. about 387 people.
Thad FC, the winner, received a cash prize of T.50,000 and a trophy, while Umran Dairy, the loser of the final, received a cash prize of T.2 thousand bad Trophy.
However, he urged the people not to try this job at home because it can only be done by those who are skilled or those who have the special ability given by God.
“It is not a small decision, it is a decision that will affect the youth, we must be vigilant, we need to do a lot of analysis,” said the CM.
The foundation stone for the construction of the new Shyllong Market was laid by the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on 9th June, 2022 through the funds from the Shyllong Market. Shillong Smart City Limited (SSCL) at a cost of T.28,84,72,139 crore has been implemented by the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and is expected to be completed within 24 months.
A few hours after the arrest of the President of the KSU, on the same day, two incidents of arson have occurred in Shillong, one in Polo where a foreign shop has been set on fire. Petrol Bomb and a few minutes later another government vehicle belonging to the Veterinary Department parked in the ground floor of the office at Garikhana exploded.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 5: The Salesian Fathers of the Catholic Mission of Don Bosco Museum Mawlai today expressed their desire to protect the land and property owned by the Salesian Fathers at Umden Umsaitprah. They have strongly opposed the government and the District authorities of Ri-Bhoi District, because the demolition has been done by force without the knowledge of the land owners.
There will be no admission fee but only donation boxes for the spectators.
It is like climbing the highest night in the world, the steepest climb, the legs are stiff, the body is sick, the legs are stiff, stiff and stiff.
“Will you do that, father?” said the mother surprised. “Yes, that's right, why don't you feel right?” “Yes, I'm just asking.
Lajong coach Alison Kharsyntiew was pleased with the victory after the team scored three points from the match.
They just sit and watch to fulfill their duty by playing mobile games in their waiting areas.
HANM said that the central government should implement the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation Act 1873 in Meghalaya as it has done in Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur and Mizoram.
We will see, I will contest the election and I leave it to the wisdom of the people of Mawkyrwat to decide whom to vote for,” he said.
There is no problem in connecting the road from Mawlai Mawiong to Mawpat and Hospital Neigryhms and it will reach Nongrah, Umpling and Laitkor.
The order will come into force and will remain in force until it is overturned by the High Court.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W.Nongsiej said that the project has been implemented by the Fisheries Department. The Blue Revolution scheme has been completed at a cost of Rs 10 lakh per fish farm, of which Rs 6 lakh has been spent through subsidy, while Rs 4 lakh has been spent by the beneficiaries of the scheme. .
These include EKH: 61, NGH: 1, RBD: 5, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 1, WJH: 17 and WKH:
Donkupar Sumer said that even if the party cannot produce a single leader in the 2018 elections, whether in the MLA or MDC elections, the people still love the party and the party. He said that these people who have left the party want to hold high positions within the party, but the The work they do is not in harmony with the Party, the work they do is against the Party.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 10: The entire state of Meghalaya has suffered a severe income and income shortage, especially after the issuance of an order to ban the mining of coal, which is The income generation opportunity is not only for the wealthy of the State, but especially for those who live on day labor to support their families.
The raid was conducted in connection with a complaint No.239/2022 of Pulwama Police Station, police officials said.
The match dates are July 10, 2020: Delhi vs Winner Group A (South Zone Qualifiers).
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) on Tuesday announced that its Commander-in-Chief Sohan D. Shira will soon return from Bangladesh. Your turn will be a terrible blow to the police of the state.
After that, Maheh helped him again.
“We have taken note of the complaint and I have handed it over to the Additional CEO in-charge MCMC who will seek the report from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District and to verify the allegations in the complaint. ," said Bah Kharkongor in an interview with the media.
Juan Pablo Cerrilos Hernandez, Deputy Head of Mission who witnessed the ceremony and also all the Archbishops, Bishops, Auxiliary Bishops, Emeritus Bishops, Superior Generals, Provincials, Priests, Deacons, Ladies and Gentlemen, Catechists, Church Workers and all the people of God of the Diocese of Jowai.
Umdenka village is famous for its Eri silk fabrics and the weaving of fabrics such as ryndia and stole in a unique style.
Regarding this complaint, some of the villages together with the leaders of Raid Nongkyrla, have demanded that the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District should send an investigation and also take action against the environmental destruction. The factory has been closed down, because as it is now, the people who live near the factory have been severely affected.
These leaders who have joined the BJP are from different parts of the state, including VGK Kynta (Advocate), Bipul R Marak, Debejit Warjri (Retired Secretary MEPDCL), Pradip Blah (Assistant Director of Sports NEHU), Richeslesly Jana Nongbet (Advocate) and two leaders from Garo Hills who will join the party later, including Sukharam K Sangma (former MDC) and U Albert Marak (former MLA).
So the children were scattered.
Grace Mary Kharpuri in her speech said that the main reason why she joined the HSPDP is to serve the country and the nation better.
in the field of writing.
Mawkyrwat, November, 07: A youth from Mawsep village, South West Khasi Hills District has died recently after a collision with a car near Mawsep village. Jashiar village, South West Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, the KHNAM, which has demanded the implementation of the chess roster, has succeeded in its demand to suspend the invitation for applications until the committee has completed its discussions. comment on the Roster System.
Out of the 13 cases, 7 cases are High Risk contacts of BSF personnel, 4 cases are nurses and 2 cases are sleeping in the same room with BSF personnel. Two of them include a BSF soldier, four of them were screened and one was a nurse.
Two other foreign players, Javier Siverio and Borja Herrera, have signed contracts for the club.
“The Assam government authorities, without informing the village authorities, came to demolish the building,” said Bah Mukhim.
Shillong, November 19: The KHNAM Youth Wing (KHADC) has protested against the appointment of former Secretary Welljune Syiemlieh as the Principal Secretary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
She proudly described the courage of some of the women who fought for independence from the North East along with others such as Phan Nonglait of Meghalaya, Manorama Banerjee of Tripura, Rani Gaidinliu of Manipur, Helen. Lepcha of Sikkim and Kanaklata of Assam.
There is an attempt to undermine the state governments,” said the parties.
It does not have a spirit of selfishness but it uses force and destroys the environment, it turns people into slaves and poverty.
The number of cases of Omicron has risen to 8,209, an increase of 6.02%.
when groups of workers (unions) strike to get their demands met, what do they do?they go on strike, they don't let others go to work.
In East Khasi Hills, 153 cases and in West Khasi Hills, 80 cases.
Speaking on some of the issues of the TMC, Dr. Fabian said that the party is for the poor and peaceful and also the party will not affect the work of the party especially It is not like the BJP which aims to form one religion and one group.
Consumers can enjoy these unique decorations and improve the placement of these foods that they receive from KFC in their villages and can also give praise when they enter KFC restaurants that have near them; and they can also learn more about these gifted individuals and their inspiration here.
According to a statement from the SCA, the Little Angels produced the wrong players against St Xavier's.
He also reminded that the state has already celebrated its 50th anniversary so far, but the state has no responsibility for its youth in the policy of recruitment. to the youth, in various departments.
In the final match, it was a fierce and powerful match, but in the match, the Taxi Drivers team managed to defeat the Auto Truck Drivers team.
For those who are admitted to the ICU but do not need a ventilator, the cost of treatment should not exceed T 14000 per day. T.18,000 per day and those in ICU and those who do not need a ventilator should not exceed T.20,000 per day.
The ECC Sutnga Elaka has been fighting against the coal mining factories in the last two years since the outbreak of COVID-19 and they are not only destroying but want the people involved in this illegal activity to shall be punished by the court according to the provisions of the law.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Remdor Shylla, General Secretary, TMC Pynnoh Riwar Zone and short speeches were delivered by Bah Polyboy Marweiñ, President TMC Pynnoh Riwar Zone. Head of Ri War District, South West Khasi Hills District.
Lumshnong didn't have time to leave.
They also urged the people to take their vote as precious and not to be deceived by the money of anyone whether they are candidates or employees of any party. If they are wrong, the loss will be for the constituency and the state as a whole.
The aim of the Young Minds to organize the Sohshan Strawberry Festival is to promote strawberry farming and also to continue to do charity work with the proceeds of the festival as it has done in the past. They have helped the poor and needy families.
Regarding this year's increase, the Vice Chairman of the Lum Spohpetbeng Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh Paia B.Synrem, came forward to spread the message to all the relatives near and far. the preparations for the 10th Annual Day of Resurrection.
We live in this country of India which has different ethnic groups with their own customs, language, religion and customs and other unique characteristics of different ethnic groups.
My letter and my answer are very different.
When the restoration of the SDH has been successful not in Amlarem but in Jaraiñ, we as the people of the Constituency are still very happy because we have got that big hospital in Amlarem Sub-Division although it is not at the HQ. too.
The police lead to CM Jha Hospital has raised the possibility that Jha may have been arrested.
“This is the victory of the VPP and of the nation as a whole,” he said by congratulating and expressing his gratitude to the people who came to congratulate, encourage and support him during the days and nights when he was in power. shah threw near the office of Addl.Secretariat.
Speaking to media, Sangma said that today will be a meeting to discuss the issue, where in the past few days such unofficial discussions have been held on the issue of it is the most important thing to fix the border.
On this occasion, the District authorities have issued an order ban ban walking on the cemetery hills at night, driving motorcycles, and this order is intended to prevent those who worship. ghost.
Shillong, June 24: The Congress party has suspended the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and the government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma for three years. The Congress party has lost five MDCs in the KHADC and these five MDCs have resigned immediately without delay from the party as soon as the order was issued to suspend Bah Pynshngaiñ.
In other parts of India, there was no protest by the people but only a few parties in the Lok Sabha on the day of the passage of the Bill, on the 8th of this month.
This was announced by the Secretary of the Forum.
If the UDP, HSPDP, PDF and KHNAM nominate their own MP candidates, there will be many candidates but they will not reach the goal.
He is from Manipur and played for Lajong in 2019 in the SPL & MSL. He scored 12 goals.
Nongmisei, which is connected from Garo Hills, suffers a lot if they lose light or go up to pay the electricity bill, because they have to go to Nonggalbibra Civil Sub-Division South Garo Hills. understand well in spoken language.
Therefore, according to these suggestions, I feel that it is necessary for us to immediately stop implementing it, so that we can have peace and tranquility in our lives.
The next match of the CO Blue SPL will be on the 14th of November between Nangkiew Irat SC (16 points) and Malki SC (7).
A man driving a Scooty (ML-10-C-8114) has been killed in a road accident on the National Highway-6 in Ri-Bhoi District this evening. According to sources, this happened in the area of ​​Umran Dairy village at about 6 pm. The scooty and the truck were heading towards Nongpoh.
The district authorities have imposed a Corona Curfew from 5 pm to 5 am.
This was CISCE's first victory in all categories of the Subroto Cup and this was achieved through MD Azam Khan who scored before the referee stopped the final.
He said that the introduction of the rebel camp could only create differences between the Khasi and Garo who live in peace.
The Minister in charge of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri, on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has ordered to send training to the for three years for 9 children who have already participated in the STAR Talent Identification Program (STIP), organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and sponsored by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs. and this function is powered by Edge10 – Sportality.
A thousand shall fall at thy side, and fifty thousand at thy right hand; but it shall not come nigh thee.
In order to improve the service, the Pastor said that the church has decided not to allow vendors especially on the Lord's Day.
It is expected that the scheme will leverage an investment of about Rs 11,000 crore to create 5.44 lakh job opportunities and strengthen food production activities.
India is the first country to produce nano urea in the country, and has produced it to empower the country's farmers with an innovative, environmentally friendly and affordable product. .
He said that the answer they received from the council is that it cannot do anything if the village authority issues the NOC including the types of works that can be done by the state owner.
Thus the present events are only the beginning of those birth pains.
However, their efforts were not fruitful, so by the end of the second half no more goals were scored.
These people are much healthier in other physical respects compared to other fit people.
Let us not forget that teachers play a great role in society and for the sake of our future and society we must not forget the following facts:-.
UCO Bank has taken further steps to recover the remaining amount of T.171 crore and has informed the law enforcement authorities for further investigation. what you need.
There is no UPA at all,” said the West Bengal Chief Minister.
He added that education and training centers should not only operate in schools but should go hand in hand with the support of the Government.
“I will see if there are good people to support who don't need that income, I don't have anything else to say to the voters because those 25% can't do anything,” he added.
“They arrived at Tattaki village at 12.30 pm and entered the homes of people and offered money to support the NPP candidate,” said the candidate. the Congress party.
Organizing Secy- Maroo Shyrmang 6.
“We have only 15 lakh Hindus in population, if only 10 lakh Hindus come from Bangladesh, our minority nation is over,” said the KSU leader. CAB has become law and in the same year the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has passed a resolution to demand the Government of India to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. The Government of India has been reading the Resolution since
In Bataw Lakadong constituency, two UDP leaders, Marshall Biam, contested as an independent candidate with 439 votes and UDP candidate Dr. Sankey Shangpung defeated him by 2338 votes while Balios Swer, who contested as an independent candidate, received only 333 votes. Shangpung defeated him by 2338 votes.
When we elect leaders, it is as if we have sown the wrong seed, which has been led astray, in the wealth and in the thousands of drunkenness, in the end that seed will produce evil. he said, "It's 10 percent of what you're doing.
It is true that tourism has boosted the income and trade in the state but this alone cannot support or save everyone in the state.
Assam through Karbi Anglong District has come to the households to register them to receive assistance from them, but these people have not accepted.
In his speech, the CGM encouraged the NGOs through the assistance of Bah Jubanlang Kharbihkhiew who is one of the State Mobiliser for the scheme.
The NDPPLP has also announced that it will work for the bringing of peace and development for Nagaland – to lift the state to higher levels.
Looking at these rules and regulations laid down by the government for the people who visit places of worship, I see that the government is sending the faithful of the state away from the road that has been used. or those who walk without a sword, or who walk with a sword, may be injured in their journey.
Of course, there are those who are really in need who have to help immediately but taking advantage is not a good way.
The Prelim examination of the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) has been completed at the Mawdiangdiang Administrative Training Institute (MATI).
The deterioration of these trucks has caused traffic jams after the collision between small and heavy vehicles including coal trucks heading to Assam.
We must not accept this and we must remind ourselves that the MDA Government in Meghalaya also includes the ruling political party in Gujarat and it is the Government that has decided to release the rapists,” said the statement. .
Jatah: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, today said that there have been allegations against the leaders of the ethnic parties that they have been divided, but now they have united together as the people want. Robertjune Kharjahrin, the candidate for the MP election, said that in the past, there was a shortage, but this time, they have responded as the people want to be united, because It doesn't want to divide the people anymore because the people have been with the ethnic parties in the past years until today.
“I am ready to go to Bangladesh if the government allows me and I will go with a passport or even if I go like that, to bring back the members who are still in Bangladesh, but the government, “It should give me a letter authorizing me to be a ksiang,” said Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, while talking to the Shillong Times.
“The Party has decided to please everyone but to please everyone will not be possible because it is difficult to please everyone even in the home. “The BJP is in the whole state,” said Hek.
There are 953 polling booths in 29 constituencies of GHADC. “69.42 percent of the 7,43,717 voters have exercised their right to vote. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the member in charge of the election after the polling on Monday.
The meeting was attended by the leaders of Narwan village and was conducted by the Chairman of the ECC DH Malang.
Conrad also announced that the government will provide assistance for the development of tourism in Nongkhnum by building adequate accommodation and restaurants in the town. guide it to the public.
Therefore, we have decided to make Meghalaya corruption free in the next five years and to lead the state forward,” said Nadda. corruption-free state, “So you have to win all the BJP candidates and send them to the Assembly".
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Prime Minister said that this is now in the process of preparation.
Furthermore, the distribution of necessary furniture such as beds, curtains, pillows, chairs, tables to the night shelters that do not exist within the SMB has started and will be completed within 30 days. date of July this year.
Shillong: The Congress leaders in their election campaign, have announced that the amendment of the 6th Schedule will be more difficult than the CAB. The 6th Schedule may also be amended to allow all residents to take part in the MDC elections and to contest elections.
“Through the media we have seen many projects implemented by the MDA Government which as the people we are pleased with because they were built with the intention of benefiting the people and for the glory of the State.
At the closing ceremony of the two-day Pynneh Lariti Festival, which was organized by the Confederation of Sports, Arts and Culture of the Hima Khat-ar Lygdoh, besides the presence of Bah Prestone Tynsong, others were also present. Other MLAs from Ri Bhoi including Sosthenes Sohtun, Jason Mawlong, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, other dignitaries and officials of the Hiima Khat-ar Lyngdoh.
“We invite all the people of Ri Lum Jaintia to attend this public meeting to explain to the people and also to seek the full support of the people on the issue. Our demand is on the urgent need to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in our state for the sake of the lives and livelihoods of our minority.
“I assure the member that this is an issue that I am very concerned about and I will personally look into these issues by examining the applications and finding out what measures have been implemented.
And when ye shall see these things; from the time that the children of Israel shall return to their own land, until the rebuilding of the temple in Jerusalem, know that it is near, at the gates.
“Daribha comes from a poor family, but she has a lot of talent if she knows how to use it properly,” said Bah Fairman, who is the director of the new film.
“He also questioned what is the gain of the TMC by refusing to cooperate with the INDIA Bloc, the Congress in this MP election. BJP and TMC have nothing to do with each other," he added.
A lawyer, Andrew Borrowdale, has appealed against the curfew, which was imposed from 26 July to 3 June 2020, announced by Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai today held a meeting with the management of the NHIDCL and the Shillong Cantonment Board at Jhalupara Community Hall to discuss the construction of the road. The road at Jhalupara, which will be constructed by the department.
After the talks, it was seen that the Chinese troops today withdrew from the Galwan area and removed the tents they had set up in the area from the point. 14 and now, it has been seen that they are in the public areas of Galwan and Gogra Hot Springs.
The vehicle was reportedly stoned while it was traveling at Christian Basti on the Guwahati highway.
The 62-day pilgrimage to the holy cave in the South Kashmir Himalaya will start on 1st November and end on 31st November.
Nongpoh: A Night Super bus has collided with a Night Super bus on the NH-6 at 17mer village in Ri Bhoi district at 3:45 pm this morning. AS-01-LC-7642, collided with the rear of a truck number AS-01-MC-0653 and in the accident, several people were inside the bus. who was injured.
Besides Mizoram, the state team will also prepare for Rajasthan on the 14th and Maharashtra on the 16th.
This song was composed by Ibsuklin Lyngdoh.
Police have seized these nine vehicles in just 48 hours, and the police have ordered these motorcycles to be replaced with originals.
Elon Musk has a plan to settle on Mars, but before this plan, which came out of Musk, there was a scientist, who wrote in 1952, about a a man named Elon and he will rule the red planet or the red planet.
Maharashtra police on Saturday lathi-charged a group of devotees near the entrance to the Shree Kshetra Temple in Alandi, a city about 22 km from Pune, after they They clashed with the security police, the source said.
We remember that Bah HS Shylla and other leaders including various political parties have strongly opposed this issue of life and death of the jaitbynriew.
There are 1,019 confirmed cases in East Khasi Hills and 438 cases including 421 civilians.
“The Karbi and Khasi especially in Ri Bhoi have had a close relationship in society, family, clan and race since ancient times. It will mislead the Khasi and Karbi people who are currently in the middle of the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam in Block II. “It is a close relationship so that it will not affect the peace and order whether it is among the Karbi or Khasi in Meghalaya,” said Bah Arnold Syngkli.
The Union has decided to send a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also in charge of the Urban Development Department, to immediately end the proposal to bring the Marten to Nonghali.
“We have already scheduled a meeting with the CM of the State, Conrad K Sangma, but after the outbreak of COVID-19 in the State, it has been postponed. urlong,” said Ma Thombor and expressed his regret over the sudden decision of the employees to strike and take over their own power until they close all the offices.
Speaking to media on Friday, the Prime Minister condemned the attack and said that the investigation is ongoing to arrest the robbers so that they can be punished according to the rules of law.
Due to the excessive loss, the Corporation is no longer able to purchase transformers or electric posts to replace those lost or to appoint personnel to repair and supply electricity especially in the rural areas.
However, because I thought that other vehicles were the vehicles of government officials or VVIPs, they moved away. What surprised me to know was that the vehicle belonged to Sanjay. Sangma is the son-in-law of the Prime Minister who has never been anything in the government but a landlord.
They also said that there are Daju fishermen who earn their living by fishing and there are about 80 Khasi fishermen who fishing in Iewduh.
“Mukul has cried for himself, and if the situation continues as it is now, even his disciples will cry,” said Bah Adelbert.
m, Rambrai-Mawkhiat-Umwahlang 23 k.
After this, the President of the VPP knelt down to pray to God in the midst of the silence of the crowd who stood in the middle of the streets, in the yards, at the doors of houses and in the roofs of Government offices. climbing up a tree branch to get a better view of what had happened.
NorthEast United FC has also appointed Mandar Tamhane as the new CEO and Juan Pedro Benali as the head coach.
He said the government has done a lot for the construction of many roads.
Why? That they have thrown away the inner weapon of freedom of the soul.
Nongpoh, Nailar 17: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the problems faced by the residents of Ri Bhoi Sepngi. Western Zone, has expressed its deep concern and warned against the unemployment and absence of timely work of all government employees in the area.
Mr. GGSwell, Mr. SD Nichols Roy, Mr. SD Khongwir, to mention a few.
The writer's team faced heavy rain and strong winds while climbing more than 3000 steps to reach the village.
Neeraj (63kg GR) and Sunil Kumar (87kg GR) are the other athletes in the country who have completed their journey in the second round. He was able to win the Rnong medal.
The RBSU has also come forward to speak out on the problem of the people due to the deterioration of the road. They also saw with their own eyes the deterioration of the road.
The Hynniewskum Cable TV Network (HCN) was established by the Hynniewskum Media Group (HMG) in October this year to provide services to the people living in rural areas and those who do not have access to television. Khasi Programs as available to residents of Shillong.
He said that this behavior of the staff of the hospital has endangered the lives of the people and has also caused panic among the people who send for treatment at the hospital as this incident is not the first time. Initially, the hospital was closed from time to time.
He said that unemployment among the youth is happening throughout the state.
On receiving the information, this reporter went to the scene at 11 pm but found that about 30 people had gathered at the Cantonment Beat House. The police station was covered with stem jackets.
“If these posts have already been sanctioned and the money has been spent, can we expect that the government will create new posts? leit,” said Bah Disparsing to the government.
He said he asked where they got permission to mine uranium there, but they replied and showed a letter from the Sordar Shnong of Mawthabah authorizing the AMD department to mine uranium. He said that he supports the mining of uranium and the village authority will cooperate with the government department.
“A fire broke out on Sunday morning and destroyed the school where the students of class 6 to class 10 used to take classes. “I don't want to run schools elsewhere or we don't have online classes or we don't have any other measures,” he said.
It is sad to hear the voice of the children of class VII and VIII, who are also children from poor families, in which they have expressed their concern about the evil. road and which caused them the most trouble as school children.
“The country now desperately needs programs to build community and friendly relations at various levels and among its various citizens.
Other groups should respect us in our country and not us to justify ourselves in front of others.
Shillong, June 16 : After 18 years of death, Abraham Khan, 47, resident of Mawtari, Myrdoh, Umsning Area, Ri Bhoi District, has shown his special ability to eat and talk like a storyteller. Bulb light and tube light, this time too, this man has come forward to showcase this special talent which he has had since he was 29-30 years old. in the year 2004 ago.
Mylliem State has also taken over the vehicle.
However, after a while, security forces arrested the militant, said Mohammad Hadi Imaniyeh, the governor of Fars province. this time.
On the other hand, the union has condemned the authority of the department to implement this road and said that it will also find out whether the scheme can be implemented in another country. village to another village because this road is the budlum which connects many villages in this area.
Once in government, it means that everyone should have equal access to resources.
Germany came in second with 18.01 billion euros, of which 10.68 billion euros was through its own aid agencies and 7.33 billion euros through the European Union.
“Other announcements will be made later,” said the General Secretary of FASToM. Recently, the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, in an interview with the media, said: He said that the State Government will not be able to increase the deficit status of Adhoc Schools due to the lack of funds but regarding the proposal to increase the salary by T.18,0 The book will have to be considered before the State Government takes a final decision.
This action of this Government department to extinguish the fire, is an insult to the Border area.
Meanwhile, those who work with the Chief Minister on contract basis and who receive their salary as stipulated for their travel expenses will be appointed by the office with the approval of the Finance Department of the State Government.
He said that the same contractor is doing the repairs and the work will be completed soon.
Anju Bobby George became the first Indian woman to win a bronze medal for India at the World Athletics Championships with a throw of 6.70 meters in the long jump.
Guwahati: All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) Chief Badruddin Ajmal in recent days has strongly criticized the Muslim community for the number of crimes committed by the Muslim community. Muslims, we are ahead of us in theft, robbery, rape and we are the most numerous, even to go to jail.
This is why this plant does well in these areas because of its unique climate.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: U Indian A Sangma, a member of the GNLA, was shot dead after a shootout between SWAT and Commando personnel.
“May God the Creator bless us with good health so that we can earn a good living and progress in education and thought which will improve the world. KSU WJHDU Publicity Secretary Juhhi Tariang said in a statement that the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Affairs, Bah Alexander L Hek, said that the KSU WJHDU The department has taken great care to curb the spread of Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) in the state and so far it has not received any complaints of new cases of cows from this disease.
The KSU also raised a question on the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP) but Prestone replied that it is still pending with the Central Government.
The Seng strongly urges the Jaintia Hill Autonomous District Council to act as a stieh in this regard and should stop this proposal and not issue NOC to the government.
SM Sahai in his speech explained about the celebration of this month to preserve the forests by the communities which has been done since ancient times.
Now there are those who criticize Conrad Sangma and Agatha, but we must understand that the MRSSA Act was not created by the new Sangma, but the current one has improved the Act of the old Sangma ( Mukul Sangma) and when there is a law that has been passed, it is the duty of the State Government to implement and implement it and this has happened to the new Sangma government.
Many of the coal owners in this area are illiterate and those who live in the remote areas don't know how to check whether the money is going or not. go shopping at the department stores.
With this decision, Rahul can return to Parliament as an MP to take part in the session.
History tells us that the Khasi Hills was under the administration of the East India Company, under the supervision of Colonel FG Lister as Political Agent and Lieutenant Harry Inglis as Assistant Political Agent.
Jowai, Nailur 06: Leaders of the All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union (AJMDM-WU) West Jaintia Hills District today spoke to media at Jowai in the presence of the Adviser of the Union Khroo. L.Pariat, President Jerry Suting and members of the party, requested the 60 MLAs of Meghalaya to discuss the issue of school teachers in this Dorbar ( Session) will be held on the 9th of November.
“First of all we need unity as a nation, I don't have anything with the Congress party as I have given my resignation letter, but any party that works for the people and the nation I am ready to work with,” he said.
According to the youths of Umkiang village in East Jaintia Hills district, they said that they have talked to the entire village and decided to seek permission from the government to apply for electricity. from Bangladesh.
“On the other hand, the party and many of the people have already seen the condition of the area during the survey and the party has fulfilled its duty as it said.
Regarding the lack of clarity, HANM, on the 22nd of this month, will meet with the government officials in charge of the department or the Minister in charge of the department to discuss the issue. .
These aerosols, or droplets, come out of the mouth of the patient and are also the main cause of infection.
“He said that the party will also spread this awareness campaign through social media by releasing songs, posters and leaflets.
The Act empowers the Dorbar Shnongs to set up Village Development Councils and Town Development Councils to implement development projects through the District Council, the State Government and the Central Government.
According to Hollywood reports, talks have been held to make a film about the band 'One Direction' in which Leonardo Di Caprio will play the role of Niall Horan.
Regarding the inability to implement the Residential School, the HYC office bearers have decided to meet with the authorities, so that the expectations of the people to send their children to the school can be fulfilled. you bag can urlong.
Mustafa scored 31 runs for 3 wickets in 4 overs while Shan Kharmawphlang scored 15 runs for 1 wicket in 4 overs.
Therefore, it is urgent to implement the Uniform Civil Code, as requested by the Prime Minister of India.
Besides various competitions, the Kur students who have improved in their personal skills including Ellerene Warjri who won the second place in the Bachelor examination were also honoured. Obinas Warjri won gold medal in the 5th Annual National Martial Arts Games, Badahunshisha Warjri won second place in the Poster Competition 2023 by the Forest and Environment Department, Meghalaya in collaboration with by the Global Tribal Forum.
Without a drain, rainwater flows through the road and if it rains heavily, the water covers the road.
Lakhi is the sister of Ram Singh.
The jot and the pra are more than the pop.
Ram Charan, who is now one of the country's most prominent actors after returning from Los Angeles, was asked by reporters how he feels after Naatu Naatu won the Best Original Song award. Ram said that this is something that all the members of the film are looking forward to and happy about.
In the Lok and Rajya Sabha, they talk nonsense, they are silent, now they are listening.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) has lodged a complaint at Silchar Police Station against the President of the KSU Sengkmie, Bah Lambokstar Marngar for his leadership in the march to carry banners. that the Bengalis living in Meghalaya are Bangladeshis.
Because I want to see that when the construction is completed, they should be implemented.
All these are high risk contacts of the first case from the factory.
The incident happened at 11 pm on the 5th, and the family members alleged that the BSF troops shot dead him.
This is just consensus.
He said that the emergence of various candidates to contest the mid-term elections in Shella Constituency is still benefiting the UDP. that two candidates will contest in which one of them has not received a ticket and both candidates have their own vote bank; The PDF also has its own vote bank but it is not as strong as it was in 2018, but the BJP is a new candidate and many of the people do not recognize him in the constituency. The BJP relies on the vote bank of non tribals, but the non tribals have now understood that this is an MLA election not an MP election and then they understand that they need a leader in the constituency and a candidate. UDP because he is the owner of the village and they understand that they should support the people from the area.
The Commissioner has launched the Chief Minister's Relief Against Wage Loss Scheme (CRAWL) to provide assistance to day labourers/employees/small traders during the lockdown.
Nongstoiñ, July 2: The month of June has passed but the leaders of the Regional Committees on Border Dispute, have not yet visited the villages to listen to the voice of the people and to ask for clarification from them. I don't want to go to Assam or stay in Meghalaya.
I don't feel anything anymore.
There is only one delivery room in the hospital and if two or three people go to deliver at the same time they have to sleep on the floor.
HDR said that the people should not be deceived by the party just by calling for patriotism but they should know that it is only the Congress which gives freedom to the people whether in food, drink or religion. the rule, or the riti the dust.
Dr Mukul will be accompanied by his ministers including Deputy Chief Minister Dr RC Laloo, Government Advisor DD Lapang, Defense Minister HDR Lyngdoh, Roshan Warjri, Chief Secretary KS Kropha and others.
When they reached the city, the villagers did not know what to do.
“But now it's more special,” said the father without finishing. “What is special, father?” asked the mother. ruh" revealed the menkpa“What is it? " Try to remember your mother.
They said that they will set a deadline until Tuesday to suspend the two police officers and if the Government and the Police Department do not believe in this, the Sur ki Nong Mawlai will think again in the evening of Tuesday to announce their decisions on how to proceed.
Next, cover the compost with newspapers.
IATHOH.COM also provides Online Counseling to its members, to explain whether the members are happy or not.
The court has directed the government to take action and build a nar bridge to allow vehicles and people to pass through the bridge while a permanent dewbilat bridge cannot be built. .
The Customs of Manipur on the 8th of this month seized 1.92 kilos of gold biscuits worth Rs 1.2 crore.
Teachers are the shapers of the future of the state because through them come talented students, but it seems that teachers have been forgotten and even to respect them is no longer possible.
23) Public places/langar/Ann-daan and other places of worship should strictly observe the social distancing rules during 24) Regular disinfection of places of worship shall be the responsibility of the leaders of the place of worship.
They immediately grabbed him and tied his hands behind his back and cut off the blood vessels from his legs and shot him with spears.
“Therefore, there is no difference if this policy is discussed and explained in detail whether inside or outside the Legislative Assembly so that the people can understand the Reservation Policy and the Roster System,” he said. said Dr. Jemino.
The last seven wickets were lost for 31 runs and Meghalaya lost all wickets for 152 runs in 49.2 overs.
It brought back memories for Chester Bennington and it was really special.
Shillong: The 15th KJP Synod Youth Service will be held at Lumsohkhlur Presbyterian Church, Mairang Presbytery from the 21st to the 23rd of this month.
Shillong, March 3: The Election Committee of the Hynniewtrep People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) today announced its six candidates for the mid-term MDC elections from six vacant constituencies. .
The protest has been intense, and the work of the office has not been going well today.
On the other hand, we are pleased that the government has taken the initiative to repair this road, but at such a time when people need to go shopping in Shillong, it has affected the time. Therefore, if possible, the government should have ordered the company to temporarily suspend the construction and continue the work after the end of the Christmas season and the New Year. .
One of the deceased was from East Khasi Hills District.
In your personal worship you have escaped from the pride, the judgment, the praise of others.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the activities of the party and how to strengthen the party in the district and in all the constituencies in Ri Bhoi. .
Nangbah Iawmusiang beat Mukhla Raij 3-0 in the 1st Division Football Tournament (WJDSA) held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
However, apart from Kambesa, no other batsmen were able to bat better and the team lost all their batsmen within 100 runs, with a day's rest. Laya will continue its match against Manipur tomorrow.
Police Control Room, Shillong :03642222214/2
No one was injured in the incident, except for the damage to the vehicles.
I have tried my best to fulfill my duty and I thank the people for their support," he said.
Exodus, chapters 7,8,9,10,11 are explained here.
“We expect that the power of God will work and we will be able to rescue some of the people who have been trapped inside the crematorium for 15 days now,” said the NDRF chief. we never lose hope".
They also prayed for all the people living in this world to be saved from the threat of this pandemic.
But we kill his knowledge with the sword, which is very dangerous to those who kill.
If the government and the management of the ICAR branch in Umiam cannot re-employ these youths who have worked for many years, the union sends this clear statement that these youths will not be employed. The union itself will not stand idly by but we will prepare a strong protest and that is to immediately shut down the department until these youths get back their jobs. their work.
U George Lyngdoh, Vice President of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) today sent a letter of resignation.
The office said that it is making arrangements to provide the milk to those who want it and has ordered them to stay temporarily for the preparation of the department, said a statement from the Managing Director, East. Khasi Hills District District, Cooperative Milk Union Ltd.
During the meeting, the group expressed its concern over the increasing power outage in Sohra which has affected the operation of the country's economy including the Generator Sets which have been set aside to add to the power outage. The electricity supply has been damaged for many days and hours.
After the incident, although an FIR was lodged by the Mawlasnai Police Outpost, the Assam police decided to take the body to Assam for post mortem.
Besides Meghalaya, Rao said the increase in HIV/AIDS cases in Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh has been 200% in the last 12 years.
These four parties include the RJYF, the MPUF, the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM), the JSM and the HNYF.
He said that before he became a leader, he had his own jobs and there is no need to do that benami. The organizations that have developed their minds should not just blame but should investigate the truth.
However, that has a negative impact because they are not used to fighting on the battlefield.
A truck has fallen into a 200 feet high river in Mawsynram where the driver has fallen to the ground and the handyman has sustained serious injuries and is undergoing treatment at Shillong Civil Hospital.
A doctor from Tamil Nadu died yesterday of the coronavirus, but the biggest sadness is that he could not bury his body in a dignified manner.
Today we will discuss some of the traditional teachings of the Presbyterian Church and what they have to teach in this age.
Short speeches were delivered by the Waheh Shnong of Moodymmai, Ma Joseph Pariat, Chairman of Moodymmai, Ma Emris Ksoo and Secretary of the Dong Lembadme Rymbai. I have been working at my school for the past few years.
In addition, we are fortunate to have the prominent leader of Ri Khasi Dr. Bremley B. Lyngdoh who is a Supporter of the United Nations for Sustainable Development and has worked with many groups implementing Article
Cancer Survivor Day is celebrated as part of the campaign to raise public awareness on cancer and also to celebrate and encourage those who have recovered from cancer. for those patients who are still between treatments.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah G Marboh, BDO of the Public Works Office, Bah Tangsang said that the officer has promised to discuss the matter with the Deputy Commissioner of the district so that she can take action. The task of appointing suitable persons to take over the post has been vacant until now.
On the other hand, Genevieve Pala, mother of three children, said that the victory of Ms Supermom is a joy and a blessing for her.
He said his government also plans to build a modern and sustainable New Shillong City.
Prestone, Sniawbhalang and Ngaitlang Dhar have been planning to leave the Congress, although they denied the news while talking to reporters even after they were expelled. They also admitted that they are still in the Congress and will continue to be with the party.
Dr Aman War said that this is the second time that he has faced such allegations. People said that those who were taken to hospitals were those who tested positive for COVID-1
Earlier, they had promised to lead their children and relatives in the march to be announced.
He also reminded the teachers that if they organize the tournament, they should have the idea of ​​instilling the spirit of competition in the minds of the students which can help them every day in terms of education or in any field and also that sport should not be just a pastime because there are many school children who have their own talents and when they come to take part in such competitions They should not end up in this category but it is an opportunity to take it as an opportunity to reach other competitions or competitions that have brought glory to the state.
The militants took him and the driver of the vehicle but released the driver at Rangsakona.
The author has written on his own understanding without any research or verification before publishing this book which may affect especially the students in their knowledge.
The ADC of West Jaintia Hills, Kong DD Syngai in her speech, urged the producer groups to have unity and trust in each other.
Jowai, July 18: North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Mookyrdup Jowai, on Saturday held a special award ceremony for The students who passed in 2023 in Class-X, Class-XII (Science) and Class-XII (Arts).
The Ai jaitkpa are firm in their foundation, they have no fear of anything about these threats of yours, except those who are just a jaitkpa without foundation.
“She is one of the hardest working women from the past to the present and her receipt of this award will encourage the youth of today.
American scientists have now discovered a large, slightly deep hole called a blue hole.
“In the past, when the Executive and the Judiciary, the Deputy Commissioner and the Additional Judicial Magistrate were the Judicial Magistrates, all the Judicial Magistrates appeared in all the District Headquarters and Sub Divisions,” he said.
“The Minister said that the existence of the museum is not only about education to promote tourism but also about climate change is an issue that affects everyone today.
Exactly it was.
This fact can be witnessed if we remember how hospitals/health centers during the rainy months are empty or lack of patients and how patients overwhelm the hospitals during the cold months. .4.
If the two elders, Bah Phlowing Syiem Nongbah and Bah Hindro Samakha, unite, I believe that the Assam police and the Nepalis will be ashamed to take over.
Sonakshi Sinha, Manisha Koirala, Richa Chadha and others have also starred in the web series and will also star in Vikram Aditya Motwane's Jubilee.
J.Nonglang Officer In-charge of Mawngap Police Station said that the residents should come forward to cooperate especially with the Home Department so that there will be a close relationship between the people and government departments.
The Office of the Department of Livestock, West Jaintia Hills District has celebrated the National Milk Day at the Jowai Dairy Plant in Mooralong, Jowai.
He said the Indian government has allocated funds for the construction of these trauma centers at Shillong Civil Hospital, Nongpoh and Tura but the work has not progressed till date.
He also mentioned the work of the state police in the fight against drugs.
“I am continuing to monitor and look into this issue, and I am pleased to announce that the Ministry of Road Transport has allocated T.681.63 crore as payment of land acquisition and “We are still waiting for this money to reach the deputy commissioners, and I am sure that we will receive this money in this budget,” said Prestone.
However, if they cannot be found, special sonar devices will have to be used to scan the inside of the sea.
However, this is not the final decision, said Tymmen Basan, as he said that he had just returned from the Synod meeting in Nonglang, because of the tragic incident in the village.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA said that as the leader, he will take the necessary measures to provide assistance to the health centre. Lyngdoh came forward to donate money and handed over to the Rangbah Shnong Jaiaw Laitdom so that he can use it at this health centre.
The party will be one of the parties to contest the 2023 elections, although it will be the first time for many candidates in the party, but the party will stand firm on the foundations of and it will be interesting to see whether this new political party will be able to attract the people on the basis of their stand.
“We clarify that this mistake was not caused by anything else but it was just a forgetfulness of our village,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Jaiaw Laitdom.
“It is only the Congress that can fight against and protect us, we are confident that this time we will get They are not appointed to the District Council.
Umsawkhwan Sports Club, Umsawkhwan Sports Club, have won their first title in the 2nd FKJGP Football Tournament 2018, after beating Umeit Sports Club 1-0 in the first leg of the 2018 FKJGP Football Tournament. on Saturday at the Nongsder Stadium.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
ICSE and CBSE are not available.
The dairy complex has been funded by the National Program for Dairy Development (NPDP) and will be constructed at a cost of Rs 9 crore and is scheduled to be completed by November
Shillong: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) have released the list of candidates for the 2024 Lok Sabha elections. 19th of this month.
By attending various exercises, Yoga helps to strengthen the breath.
The union requests the Sub-Divisional Officer, 132/33 KV Grid Sub-Station East Jaintia Hills District to consider this request. an organization for the welfare of electricity consumers.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 577 new cases have been confirmed and there are 4537 active cases in the state.
Ricky Dkhar is from Moolamanoh Village Church.
The foundation stone for the construction of these two roads was laid by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on 19th November,
Hajong contested the 2013 election from Mahendraganj constituency but was defeated.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pateng Marsing, President of HANM in Ri Bhoi, said that the members of the HANM have received information and found that there are indeed such people who are Khasi. They went to buy jhur from the villages in the Jagiraod area and those who intend to sell it to the villages in the Sonidan area.
It is suspected that the man was shot dead by a bomb and died of serious injuries.
When asked whether Dr Ampareen's contest will affect Pala, Ronnie said, “Whether it will affect the Congress vote or not depends on the decision of the people”.
Referring to the shortage of youth who come out to serve the Jaitbynriew, he said, “There are very few youth who come out to serve the Jaitbynriew. They have forgotten the spirit of serving and contributing to the Jaitbynriew unlike in the past”.
The proposal to build the health training center at a cost of T.151.95 was approved by the Cabinet at a meeting chaired by the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma.
The farmers, therefore, demanded that the minimum support price be increased.
Shillong, July 02: U Bah Disparsing Rani, a leading RTI seeker in the state, has requested RTI from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Roorkee on the collapse of the roundabout. The new Legislative Assembly of the State was held at New Shillong Township, Mawdiangdiang on the 22nd of this month.
We have also mentioned it in the manifesto of the party,” said Bah Paul.
Bindo demanded that the Governor should talk to the Government of India to express the anger of the people of the state and to find and prosecute those who committed the crime.
Police said they have examined the video recorded and submitted by the parents and have arrested the teachers.
He said that the nation has been persecuted until today and if it continues in this way, he will be the second to join the HNLC like KSU Vice President Federick Kharmawphlang.
Support staff: Neetesh Sharma (head coach), Synrapsing Riahtam (assistant coach), Emidao Dhar (physio), Skhembor Khongbtep (trainer), Chuba R Marak (manager)Swastic Chettri (310) and Nishanta Chakraborty (384) have both racked up more than 300 runs each this season but captain Kevin Christopher tops the state list with 507, which puts him 14th in the overall standings nationally.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Meghalaya will host the International Indigenous Terra Madre Festival on November 20 this year at Mawphlang.
An elder does not defile himself by drinking, eating, dressing, profanity, immoral behavior, immorality and other kinds of evil that defame and defame him. the village, the community, the community.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Various political parties in Khasi Jaintia Hills will hold a meeting on Thursday to discuss the government's inability to take measures to curb the influx of people into the Khasi Jaintia Hills. state.
The Council will now have to send the bill back to the State Government for approval and if the State Government accepts it, it will become a bill to be implemented in Garo Hills.
Deuteronomy 31:24-26.
An American company has discovered this face, which can be changed according to the needs of the user, just by pressing, like pressing phone numbers.
The village is lagging behind in income or in many aspects due to the lack of roads.
The festival was held for two days on the 7th and 8th November, 2022 at Tyrna. The Village Tourism Festival was also organized by Indian Tourism Shillong in collaboration with the Special Purpose Vehicle Society and by the Directorate of Tourism.
However, the driver did not listen, but continued to signal, but the vehicle did not give way.
Speaking to reporters, Iawphniaw said he had requested RTI for information on the boundary of the state but the Revenue Department has not been able to provide it.
From that day on I decided to prove that what that Madam said to me was wrong and at the same time I understood clearly that the tuition fees at St. Peters were low. If you don't pass class 12, it will be a great loss for your parents and yourself.
On the other hand, the GNLA members who surrendered said that the GNLA now has only 27 members.
The meeting decided to ban the overharvesting of jhur ki jhep in the forests such as lungsiej, the widespread shooting of birds and animals and the fishing of fish using explosives.
However, in the minutes before the end of the second half, Lamare FC had a free-kick and Hamarbamut headed the ball into the net. The goalkeeper of Youngster FC couldn't do anything else.
Please respect your own culture because you are recognized by your nation and language.
The first may be said to be the responsibility of the rulers themselves or the government authorities who are the guardians of the rule of law and peace.
Commenting on the collapse of the roundabout of the new Assembly, Pala said, “The UDP is holding the Lamphang seat and here spirit to the field.
The protest was held as part of the protest against the Indian government's plan to hand over the management of the electricity sector to private companies through the introduction of the Electricity (Amendment) Bill The Electricity Act 2003 will be introduced in Parliament.
“The dorbar should no longer be held in Shillong, Shillong itself has been destroyed, we think that the Hima Mylliem dorbar will be filled with people, in the coming years it will be held in places where people are still. love the custom of Dustur.
The meeting was attended by Ministers, Raangbah Kur, Sordars and students.
“Regarding the Meghalaya Police, we have received information from the police department that the police are not prepared for the incident, they have suddenly encountered the incident and because they are not prepared, they have to move,” said Paul.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the people who took to the streets in those days to express their grievances were over the difficulties on this issue. They have suspended this work until this moment and expressed to the present Government that it should do something to remove these illegal squatters from Them Metor Iew Mawlong.
James said the Congress' action is an attempt by secret tricks to get votes.
She said that no permission was sought but the district authorities were informed.
l Is there a limit to deposit T 2000 into a bank account? Deposits into bank accounts can be done without any restrictions by following the Know Your Customer (KYC) requirements and others. Is there an implementation limit on the amount of T 2000 that can be exchanged? Citizens can exchange amounts of T 2000 up to a limit of T 20,000/- at a time cross.
“What is surprising is that the place which was set up to look after the health of the cows, has turned into a demand for money,” he said.
The MLAs were accompanied by Lok Sabha MP from Manipur, Dr Lorho Pfoze of the Naga People's Front (NPF).
Speaking at Easter Mass today, Pope Francis expressed his deep sorrow over the killing of 207 Christians in Sri Lanka.
Shillong: Two Rangbah have arrived in Shillong and brought one of the fossil stones with the image of an insect or animal which may have been from ancient times. that this village of Meghalaya is under water.
BACKGROUND NOTE ON ELECTION MANIFESTS The SOTNIA JAMDIEN ON ELECTION MANIFESTS will be continued as follows: (concept) and relevance The Dulir-juban-tyrwa in general describes the purpose of the proposal, the motives and views of individuals, groups, political party or government that has not made public that document.
The camp was held at the premises of North East Adventist University, Khliehtyrchi, West Jaintia Hills from 29th to 1st November
But now the French are nothing in the eyes of the Khasi.
Shillong, July 24: The Kashatri High Court of Meghalaya has banned the parking of heavy vehicles in Khyndai Lad, Thana Road and Jail Road from 7 am to 10:30 pm.
On the same day, KSU NEHU held a Panel Discussion on the topic, “Challenges Facing Students of Meghalaya in the Context of Competitive Examinations”. program with the screening of the Khasi film 'U Syiem'
This day also commemorates how Allah told Prophet Abraham to sacrifice his son Isaac to Allah.
Once these places are completed, they will be allocated for the accommodation of many dogs who have not yet found a place to live.
The JSU said that according to the information it has received, Bangladesh is currently at risk due to the increase in the number of cases of Covid-1
In this regard, the union invites the Rangbah Shnongs especially the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of West Jaintia Hills especially the Rangbah Shnongs of New Hill and Iawmusiang to discuss this issue. and the time is short because letters cannot be sent, but take this as an information and a request to attend this meeting which will be held on the 17th of this month at at 11:00 pm at the party office in Lumpariat opposite the DI Jowai office, so that we can do whatever is necessary for the future of the country and the nation, concluded the statement.
It is to be recalled that these Community COVID-19 Management Teams (CCMTs) played an important role in the fight against the disease last year.
It was also witnessed that the people have thrown garbage all over the road.
Regarding the food shortage, Ma Lahkmen said that he had already held a meeting with the SDO Amlarem today to take stock of the needs of the people.
Shillong Lajong FC have seven points and are still top of Group-B followed by United with five points, East Bengal with four points and Diamond Rock without. you can't even earn a single point.
Shillong, July 5: The temperature has dropped to 4.5 degrees Celsius and the sky is dark and cloudy, despite the heat of the sun. only in the morning.
Snora Lyngkhoi, 51, has been awarded the title of the oldest participant of the Greater Marathon lll
In the first half, the match ended with a 2-2 goal lead.
However, until now, this government has no signs of failure.
It is therefore clear that the land sold was illegally purchased and illegally registered without the approval of the Competent Authority and may fall under section 3(3) which causes loss to the sale and purchase of land. .
Women are leading the way in many ways.
The state, which is known as a rural state, does not have employment opportunities for those tribals or villagers, as 40 percent of the population is divided between Khasi, Jaintia and Garo and 20 percent. Biharis, Nepalis, Bengalis and those who can be included in the list are welcome.
The players of Pay For Right Football Academy who scored 12 goals were Brandon in the 2nd minute, S.Nongbri in the 1st minute. 10,13,15 and 43 minutes, A.Kurbah in the 12th minute, K.Rapsang in the 18th minute, W.Kharsati in the 30th and 50th minutes. E. Shabong scored in the 32nd minute, Nathaniel in the 48th minute and Aaron in the 49th minute.
Similarly, when Rida got leave, she went to help her mother shop at the market.
The election of Rangbah Shnong in Sonidan, is that all the people in the village who have an epic shape, have the opportunity to elect the village leaders and the election of the village leaders, is done through the Ballot Paper. .
“The EM Elevate program has shown great success in this regard.
In the 1970s, MCCL had about 600 employees.
According to the Returning Officer of KHADC, four candidates have filed their nomination papers for the election.
“We don't need to follow anyone's example,” he said.
However, their lives have changed completely only because of the discovery of the enemy, who has been watching and stalking Rick for a long time.
I want the law to punish him by keeping him along for the rest of his life.
An exhibition of handicrafts from the state was also held, where the sellers talked to the buyers from abroad.
According to the Sixth Scheduled in para 12 of the Constitution, the Autonomous Councils may establish any law except any law which is in conflict with the laws of the State. The Executive Committee has not done its job but has become a stupid person in front of the government ministers. state and do not understand the powers given to you.
Banphira said that the PWD (Building) department has not yet closed down the construction site and the workers are still at the site.
Even the believers of the traditional religion are still influenced by that way of thinking to isolate themselves and exclude others, especially fellow Christians.
An NPP leader said at a party meeting held recently in Mawlai constituency that “the same candidates are trying to mislead the people every election and the voters are also being misled. The Election has affected the dignity of the voters.
Initially, Mizoram won the toss and elected to bat first, making it the first time in the tournament for Meghalaya to score at the start of the match.
Shillong, July 20: A 12 wheeler carrying small vehicles and other necessities has collapsed near Upper Shillong Road at Lummawbah.
Samla Redyfernandy Sun In-charge of HYC Mawshynrut Circle also spoke on the Constitution of the HYC Mawshynrut Circle. and others are demand issues.
At the same time, he said that the party has also informed the Prime Minister that the government should not build a railway line in Jaintia Hills as it will affect the settlement of the mynder.
Furthermore, the Association of SMCs is deeply concerned about the salary of SSA teachers until they have to take to the streets to demand their salary which has been sanctioned by the PAB since June,
Similarly, 58% of poor women in the same age group (15-49) suffer from anemia.
Since the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) came to power in Meghalaya under the leadership of the National People's Party (NPP), there have been many allegations and statements in various ways.
TUR said that if the government extends the contract of employment within the companies, the contract should go smoothly and should not be biased for the benefit of the companies.
Earlier on Tuesday, a third earthquake measuring 3.7 on the Richter scale struck the state.
The meeting was conducted by S. Kharsahnoh, DSEO, South West Khasi Hills District and welcome speech was delivered by S. Kharbteng, DSEO, South West Khasi Hills District.
“As you know, some of these constituencies have only 15,000 – 19,000 voters but there are other constituencies with three times the population.
“We have been informed that the government has received a notice from the central government to increase the salaries of all the resource persons in the state from 1st June,” said the general secretary of ARPSSA-M. Speaking to reporters, Barikupar Mylliemngap on Tuesday.
In another incident, East Jaintia Hills District Police have arrested four leaders and members of the NDFB along with an explosives dealer from Byndihati village this morning. Blade.
“We are Meghalayans and we have three ethnic groups and we want to protect the welfare of all.
Shillong: U Nicky Nongkhlaw, President of the National People's Youth Front (NPLF), today urged the Bengali community in Meghalaya to come forward and expose the unfounded allegations made by three people. who have gone to the Governor to complain against the discrimination against the Bengalis in the state.
He said that it is because of the insurgents that development projects do not reach the people.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 50,000 on Tuesday, the first increase since 6th November
Shillong: The Village Authority of Mawthei Village, Ri-Bhoi District, has decided not to allow the implementation of the FIP Scheme in Mawthei Village through the Water Resources Department of the government.
Of these, 528 were women and 847 were men.
In fact, the district authorities are the peacemakers but they are the instigators.
Bran prepared his feet to go to the market together.
These committees will study and consult on the proposed amendment to the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Under the Land Acquisition Act 2013, public notice must be called for when acquiring land.
"In early October, China had already announced that it would grant entry permits for tourists to the country, including those from India for the first time in three years.
Less stress and better all aspects of health : The placement of these plants is supposed to benefit all aspects of the well-being of people.
Aashiqui 3 will be one of the most beautiful love movies and talks regarding the plan to release another sequel have been going on since last year.
The meeting was led by Bah Marcus Marten, President of NRAO&DA, in the presence of other leaders including Bah Joseph Syngkli and other auto drivers, in which they have expressed many problems, which as vehicle owners or auto drivers, they often face problems when they intend to renew their vehicle documents. .
Some of the residents of the area, while informing this reporter, expressed their deep sorrow and deep sorrow over the destruction of this road which started to cover the ground and stones but now has stopped and They are sad that until the completion of this road will be completed because for almost two years now they have been facing a lot of trouble.
“We can no longer identify the body and neither can the passers-by, but we strongly suspect that it is from this neighboring area.
This problem of garbage is not only in Jowai, but also in Shillong, Tura, Ri Bhoi, but the government is still working hard to find places to dispose of garbage according to the scientific method, but the plan pat imat still sha suiñ.
The meeting was conducted by the Advisor of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia Hills, Ma Kolmen Pohshna in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, Addl. , the Governor of Satpator District, Ma Daman Lakashiang, farmers of the area, leaders of the CCIB and civil society groups.
West Jaintia Hills had the highest pass percentage with 78.70% while South Garo Hills had the lowest pass percentage with 21.45%.
And this disease affects the elderly and the elderly.
It is the despair that leads them to this evil behavior.
Long live Jarain village, NO JUSTICE NO REST.
The draft of Article 1 was adopted on 18th November, 1949, by the Chairman of the Drafting Committee, Dr Ambedkar.
As soon as the session started, the opposition members stood up and shouted “Manipur.
In West Garo Hills, there are 63 cases and in West Jaintia Hills, there are 115 cases. These include 8 cases in Amjajer, 22 cases in Demthring, 5 cases in Kyndong Tuber, 14 cases in Mihmyntdu, 11 cases in Umralong, , 9 people in England.
The Shillong MP requested the Prime Minister to direct the relevant department to prepare the DPR and take this project which is at the forefront of development and implementation from the National Highway Fund. This road will connect the two highways of the two states and the trading posts on the border with Bangladesh.
KSU Khliehriat Town Unit urges the Engineer in charge to expedite the repair of these 2 defective transformers so that the school children can complete the online clauses and also so that the public can electricity consumption.
Nilesh Kumar Agarwal, District Governor, RID-3240 in his speech expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Rotary Club Jowai, who urged the members of the Rotary Club Jowai to have a spirit of cooperation and ownership. members to promote the good works of the organization in the community from education, health, environmental protection and the beauty of the surrounding areas.
On the other hand, the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has understood that it wants to raise many issues for discussion, but as the Private Members have only two days, the party has said that it will not have much time to discuss. which the people desire.
This incident happened on the day of the killing of four Khasi of Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills, by the Assam police.
The Khasi Hima which have joined the Foreign Government through social agreements should have the same right to self-government.
Every day, you don't have enough information to give to the Prime Minister but how can the government sleep without any problems”.
(S.A. Curve).
After receiving these messages, he went to inquire at the SBI in Vellore and found that the money from his account had been withdrawn up to T.80,000/-.
He said the Council is not against the implementation of the NEP 2020 because they see that its goal is to transform education.
Earlier, Conrad Kongkal Sangma had met the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan to resign as the Chief Minister of the previous government and to agree to the formation of the At that time, the NPP had only 29 MLAs, but after the support of two HSPDP MLAs and one NPP independent MLA led by Conrad Kongkal Sangma as the Chief Minister who will be sworn in on 7th October 2023, for the second term and the Cabinet will also be sworn in at the ceremony. day.
There will be a new heaven and a new earth.
Jowai, Nailar 24: The Executive Committee of the Nongjngi Elaka Council, West Jaintia Hills District, in its meeting held on 20th July 2014, has expressed its deep sorrow over the decision of the Jowai District Council (JHADC). , on the sudden postponement of the Doloi Election scheduled to be held on 19th July 2014, which was postponed without any prior notice to the people of the Elaka.
Thousands of devotees of the Balang attended the special prayer service which filled the church and reached the ground floor of the church. church.
They are also completely rich in amino acids.
The network outage has affected all the companies namely Jio, Airtel and BSNL. Therefore, the residents of Mawkyrwat area including Ranikor have appealed to all the companies. The company said that if they want to run the business, they should not only take money from the people but should also provide the networks so that the people will not face any problems. Regarding this increasing problem in the network, the residents said that they have many problems besides that the recharge top-up fee has not been paid and they cannot use it. Only because of the network failure but when the time comes to end even if the network is not enough they have to deposit money again and this sometimes makes them angry and lose on the other hand.
There are two things, one there may be a mistake on the part of the designing the building and one there may be a shortcoming on the part of the contractor regarding the execution of the work.
Debinroy Nongspung of Tariang FC won the Man of the Match title and Aibormiky Suchiang of Tariang FC won the Best Goalkeeper title. The winner received a cash prize of T.2,2,0000 and a trophy while Nohron SC received a cash prize of T.1,30,0 thirty thousand rupees) along with the trophy.
Regarding the joining of the UDP by these leaders and women from Mawhati Constituency, Bah Alantry Dkhar, expressed his special thanks to them for their understanding of the party's activities. The UDP is a party that works for the welfare of the people and speaks out on many issues affecting the people.
He also urged the teachers and students to have the spirit of improving for the benefit of the college rather than being a problem for the college.
Shiwat presented the official report at the Legislative Assembly on Friday.
Because in the past, they have expressed their opposition to this election duty of teachers, but they cannot do anything else because every election teachers have to go on duty and that too not only for one or two days but for many days.
Olino Rymbai of Madur village has been allegedly killed by his son in Mookyndur village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Thus, all these things will pass away and be destroyed and burned up as it is written in Peter (2) 3:1
As it is, the tournament is a valuable foreign tournament organized by the Olympics Association, in which the games in the tournament open the door for those athletes. which have been transplanted into the heart, liver, kidneys, lungs and other parts of the internal organs.
Teimiki Passah scored 18 runs (3×4), Aries Pyrtuh scored 15 runs (2×4 and 1×6). Overs.
Therefore, the Seng Samla Mawlai Nongkwar requests all the residents of Mawlai Nongkwar from Block-1 to Block-13 to come together so that the event will go smoothly.
Therefore, the Dorbar Kur does not have the authority to remove the Tngoh-kada and Kpoh-kada.
“I am still an NPP member and maybe after I have talked and discussed with the leaders I will take a decision,” he said.
The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MEC) has recently informed the Meghalaya High Court that the state needs 200 million units of electricity per month while the supply of electricity is only 88 million units.
To prevent the spread of garbage and to raise awareness among the people, KHNAM has been patrolling and patrolling the area for two days and has found people who come to spread garbage in the area. They found that the niut came from people's homes and shops.
To seduce their own young men, they have their own ideas and for one young man, he has one idea to seduce his young woman or in one word, which he says “ will you marry me?" and that's it, by writing a tattoo on your chest.
“On the part of the people, they want this report to be as it was sent.
In the inter-college competition, Shillong College came first with three gold, three silver and nine bronze medals, while St Edmund's College came first with three gold, three silver and nine bronze medals. They won three gold and one silver medals.
It will also discuss with the Government the issue of existing secondary schools especially to follow up on the speech of the Chief Minister on Independence Day.
Bah Pynshngaiñ also donated 25 jakar tyngka for the Jubilee celebration.
He said that even the investigation conducted after the crash at Kyrdem Kulai, Ri-Bhoi has not been clear.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has urged all those who have returned, to follow the quarantine at home for 14 days, those who have returned from the North East and days for those who came from the provinces outside the country.
These include EJH: 2, EKH: 14, RBD: 8, SWGH: 2, SWKH: 2, WGH: 1, WJH: 3 and WKH:
It is the author's appeal to the nation and future generations to earn justice in this world from all thoughts, speech and deeds.
Remember the days of Noah were like these days, the people doubted and did not believe and spoke against Noah.
The Director General of Health Services, in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has written a letter to the States, criticizing the use of N 95 masks, especially those with ringing and breathing holes.
When they visit these villages, these border officials temporarily allow the people from these villages to express their feelings, but in the end, they send their hands to those who want to stay in Assam. I don't want to go to Meghalaya.
We blame China for the outbreak of corona virus, and whom do we blame for the outbreak of coronavirus in West Khasi Hills? , by tumults, by pestilences, by locusts, and by pestilences.
Replying to a question by Bah Gabriel Wahlang, Conrad said the unemployment rate in the state is only 3% which is below the national average. by 4.7%.
He said that 2019 is a lesson that we should find the cause of defeat.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), a member of India's opposition coalition, has announced the second list of 29 candidates for the upcoming Assembly elections. we are in Madhya Pradesh.
“There is no compliance with the rules of convention because the rules have not been followed,” said Pynshngain.
They could not escape from the right to left position inside the vehicle.
The authorities said that the death toll could increase after the exact figures are collected.
Most Rev.Bishop Victor Lyngdoh, who was present at the Anniversary Celebration of Childline Jowai, congratulated all the staff of Childline Jowai for their efforts to help the children in need and to shape their bright future. .
The Dorbar Shnongs are appointed to govern the villages.
Police said that some witnesses saw the foreigner fall dead near the bridge in Umiam, as he fell to a higher place. sei mar mar.
Langsning are still in second position against Rangdajied.
Trump also recalled the old days, when people wrote letters and had to think a day before sending them and this allowed them to write again or think. very deep.
Nongpoh: Although peace and order has started to return to Ri Bhoi and there are no more burning of tires and stone throwing in the middle of the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, but as it is now, the Ri Bhoi Police, They are patrolling day and night from Jorabad to Umiam, to check for any incident that could affect the peace and order in the district.
The purpose of this event is to raise awareness among the world on the need to use Techno-social, managerial, entrepreneurial skills to overcome the challenges facing the world and water quality.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSU) has donated money, food and clothes to a household in Nongkroh, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
If you have received such videos from your parents, it will make you sad and sad at the same time.
That spirit of service, responsibility or responsibility should be there so that the customer whenever he asks you should be able to provide him with goods.
The Congress has also sent a letter to the Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank of India, New Delhi seeking a reply and clarification on many of the issues mentioned in the letter.
One of them was arrested earlier and charged under the Meghalaya Preventive Detention Act (MPDA) and spent three years in Williamnagar jail.
Investigation revealed that on the 29th July, 2024 at about 6:30 pm, a man named Silnang R. Marak from Asiragre village found a weapon which was stolen. “A French-made PS-20 meteomodem attached to a red parachute fell on the ground floor of his house.
AL Syiem, General Secretary of the Association, said that the funeral service of Dr. Donkupar Roy Dkhar will be held on 31.07.2019. please stop and report back later.
Bah Syiem said that this action of the state government is like stealing the share of the District Council and all the schemes that the central government allocates to the District Councils of the state government. The District Council will have to send the Grant Transfer Certificate to the State Government, but if the District Council does not receive the money, how can they send the Grant Transfer Certificate? He said that this action of the state government will weaken the powers of the district councils in the state.
He said that the absence of Rangbah Shnongs according to the order of the High Court will lead to a massive influx of villagers in the state.
Speech was also delivered by Banshanlang who expressed his gratitude to the MLA and said that at first they had hope, but their leaders said there was no hope and requested them to pray for them. to win this tournament.
Smit's Nongkhlaw scored in the 4th minute and Wallamsuk Nongkhlaw added the tally in the 32nd minute.
As a result, many of the Khar Khuti from this area have fled and some have returned to their hometowns in Nepal.
“Besides, when they meet the elderly on the road, when they speak, they speak politely by saying Pabah, Parad, if they are men while the elderly women remember to say Mei iaw, mei bah, meisan and others. others.
Shillong: Police have seized a Bolero Pick Up ML-05M-9481 from Umiam at 2:15 pm this morning.
Jonathan said that as soon as he saw that Heibormi and his friend had drowned, he and other friends called for help in the search for the trees. They tried to catch them, but they couldn't help them.
If you count 1260 days +30 days = 1290 days.
This event will take place until the beast or Satan has finished ruling the world from Jerusalem for 3 and a half years or 42 months.
Shillong: U MDC of Langrin constituency, Bah Manstudy Nongrem, has decided not to contest the MDC election 2019 after being removed from the HSPDP ticket from Mawkyrwat constituency. HSPDP candidate Nolipstar Lyngdoh.
The suspect was identified as Bartan Marak, 37, resident of Garogaon, Rawta, Udalguri Sub-Division, Assam.
“He said the NPP is united.
For when the Holy Spirit is taken away from the world, there is no salvation.
On the other hand, the residents of Sohra area, including civil society, village headmen and residents involved in the Sub Division, have strongly opposed the government's transfer of the SDO of Amlarem to Sohra.
Earlier, the HSPDP West Khasi Hills and Mawtharaishan had announced that they would no longer accept Fenela in the party. The HSPDP, it is understood, has expressed its concern by saying that they will listen again tomorrow at the meeting where all the leading leaders will speak.
Linda said, “I'm far away, it's time to prepare food because I'll have to ride two pateng, I'll get home until nine o'clock,” she laughed. "That's what Linda said, because she's far away from Mylliem, she's afraid to come alone because she's a woman and a beautiful woman," added Riia.
The state government has directed all departments to dispose of old government vehicles that have been in operation for 15 years by 31st October.
Thanks to the hard work of the Police and the residents of the area, they were found later.
The Chief Minister said that violence against women has increased in the BJP-ruled states and said that in West Bengal such incidents are still rare.
Shillong: There have been 42 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today, of which 31 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. Twenty-one are Armed Forces, and 21 are civilians.
The cause of the fire is still unknown, but it is suspected that the fire was caused by the anger of the people against the support of Bah Methodius Dkhar to the NPP party. The new Government has been established in the state.
Shillong, Lber 17: The increase in the number of drug traffickers and drug users in the state has increased the number of drug traffickers in the state. The city of Shillong has been very busy.
In his speech on Archbishop Dominic Jala, Conrad Sangma said that since childhood he knew the Archbishop well as he was the one who introduced his father and mother.
We have all informed the Border Magistrate,” he said.
Unfortunately, until now, this issue has never been discussed in Parliament.
On this occasion, there will also be an award ceremony for the students of Nongjri who have scored the highest marks in the SSLC, HSSLC and Deretary examinations 2020, 2021 and others.
You also have the right to investigate because you have already paid.
Shillong, Jymmang, 08: The Dorbar Shnong Mawkhar on Saturday elected new office bearers.
HANM urges the Bengali community living in the state to issue an explanation on this statement of the people living outside the state and to come forward to provide an explanation. to bring peace and stability in the state.
“They will work with the NPP when they feel comfortable for them and when the time comes to campaign, they will speak against the NPP. In India and also in the culture of the Khasi and Garo, we don't eat on our own plate.
Not only that, Shillong was chosen as the Headquarters because it is a remote location.
“The mention and naming of names by the Prime Minister of the country is like a fruit in the middle of a cake.
The shyiang khlia is the shyiang khlia father who has explained the state of I. The fourth temple.
Parents will have to take responsibility for the death of their children.
Shillong, Naitung 3: The Supreme Court has refused to challenge the order of the National Green Tribunal which has banned the mining of coal in the state since last year.
Besides, they said that the damage to crops in the environment but the promises of the government do not come true.
Shillong, July 7: Some of the village officials of three villages in Sohiong, have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to strongly oppose the plan to hold a Mela in the village. Sohiong; However, the DC did not promise to withdraw the approval to hold the Mela.
In the quarter-final of the U-17 girls category, BBC Secondary School Steplanglur won by beating Assembly of God Secondary School 2-0
The party has admitted that the police have accused the two youths of being members of the party without investigating the truth.
Saul fell to the ground and died.
Besides these children, two other adults were killed, said Sen.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The body of Gracefully Marweiñ, who has been missing since the 3rd of this month, was found in Nongshillong, West. Khasi Hills.
The factory was destroyed by a bomb at 3:00 pm.
Founder Passah scored the first goal in the 34th minute.
New Delhi: Any religious leader can issue certificates to citizens under the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 to verify the religion of a registered person, according to information received. Ministry of Home Affairs.
Thus they were free to cleanse the blood by rejecting or killing things that were not according to Jewish culture, religion, or custom.
Therefore, on our part, the three organizations and the youth of the area will not hesitate to take other routes or even to take up arms, if the authorities continue to force us,” they said. these leaders.
Speaking to reporters, EG War, Organizing and Publicity Secretary, MUPSTA Central Body, said that the protest is part of the efforts to force the government to implement the demands of the MUPSTA Central Body. 1994 to increase the deficit of all 844 Adhoc Upper Primary Schools in the State.
Isawanda is currently the Secretary to the State Government.
He said that in the past few years, the Modi government has achieved great success in resolving peace, security and border issues in the country. this area.
the harrow is a tool that can only plow the ground.
It is not right to rejoice when others suffer bad luck whether they are near or far because one day you will suffer more than others.
Read Book of Kings 18 :
Inspection of the road by the JAC for the maintenance of the road but there was no sign of improvement and it was found that two trucks were parked in one part of the road due to the bad condition of the road. road and cause heavy traffic jam in the area.
He owns a house in Gandhinagar worth Rs 1 crore.
Please don't destroy the jaidbynriew by the customs of foreigners, lest you bear the burden of sin and be punished in the future. We cannot stop the free will of the people, Maybe they have only sons. they do not want to lose their inheritance, they can give birth by following the rules of marriage.
In the second leg, Nonglatem beat Pammanik 5-0
Now many people from the rural areas have moved to the cities to buy land, come to work, look for jobs and also those who have come to set up jobs.
The MCTA said that the delay by NEHU in issuing the Ordinance relating to the NEP and the Syllabus is part of the delay in the preparation.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 9: The lack of road connecting Rambrai and Nonglang villages in the same constituency has put the people in difficulty in coming and going. in private or public affairs.
Yesterday, there was an earthquake in the northeast, in the afternoon.
However, we must understand that in the end, the dead are always poor.
Besides, he said that the lack of patriotism by some leaders should not mislead the youth.
“We hope to win more than 30 seats this time to form a new government in 2023 in Meghalaya,” said Sniawbha.
The court has scheduled the next hearing of the case for January 9, 2023.
It is learned that the man left his house to fish from the Rilang River at 5 pm and when he reached the place where he intended to fish, he went to the village and only There came a sudden rise of the red water, and when he tried to turn away from the way he had gone, he could not escape from the river.
Through this view, one can recognize and understand how much the decline of society, the destruction of families, the breakdown of marriage has led to the decline of many young women. They don't want to become depressed and lose the mental strength of hard work in life but they choose this job and a short life to support their children.
Besides the affected houses, the Durbar house inside the village has been flooded and besides that a warehouse for the distribution of rice to the families of three villages has been flooded. you are no longer long.
The Minister said that up to T.44 crore has been released by the NEC so far.
At the same time, the office bearers of the HSPDP Parents Body Tynghor Primary Unit were also confirmed and welcomed by Bah DP Wanniang President HSPDP Rimuliang Zone.
So the purpose of all this is defeated," she said.
Woe unto thee, thou unthankful man!
The program focused on Non Communicable Diseases such as high blood pressure, diabetes, diabetes and others which are very common today.
Jowai, Nailar 10 : The All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union, Jowai today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Conrad K Sangma and demanded through the share of the state government to increase their salaries which they receive less from the state government.
Titos W Chyne said that at present only 48% of the people have registered under the scheme and out of the 7 people who have registered, only about 3 lakh people have registered.
Khliehriat Jymmang 21: The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the suspension of the case filed by Phon Lyngdoh and four Seiñ Raij Shnongs in Rymbai District. The election for the election of Doloi in Rymbai constituency.
Nongpoh: Three foreigners have been arrested by the Byrnihat Police Outpost for trying to smuggle drugs into the state. Two more people, a woman and a man, have been arrested for drug trafficking.
Only a few people work in a few factories, because Meghalaya is not like other states with many factories or companies.
UCIL employees' guest house in Wahkaji Robbers have set fire to the guest house of UCIL employees in Wahkaji. According to a source sent by the SP of SWKHD, the SP of SWKHD has burnt petrol behind the kitchen of the house in Wahkaji SWKHD. Johnteibor L.Sangriang CSR Assistant of UCIL said that the incident happened on the morning of the 19th of this month at about 1:00 a.
The College Week was concluded with the presence of Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Government of Meghalaya, who was the chief guest, in the presence of SDO Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, Kong EL Warjri. In the presence of the BDO of Pynursla C&RD Block, Bah L.Kharmon, members of the Governing Body, members of the Sponsoring Body, Rangbah Shnong/Secretary Village and other elders of the North East.
“Elizar’s trouble started in my backyard.
During his visit to Jowai, Mishra also visited the Durga Temple and the stones at Nartiang.
He said that everyone has taken a serious interest in the coal issue and when the Congress party was in power it fought hard to fight against the coal issue by appointing qualified lawyers. He said that the Congress government at that time also listened to the opinion of one of the parties that fought for the coal industry especially the HNLOCTPA and this fight for the coal industry continued until the Conrad government. Sangma as the Prime Minister because the coal was not banned by the Congress or the BJP but by the High Court which banned the coal (NGT).
“We have seen that many political parties have emerged from the conflict but they have disappeared for a while, there is no intention to form a new party. “This is a political party, where will it go? It's like confusing the minds of the people,” said Bah Bindo.
“No one has won alone to form a government, we will have to form a coalition government in which the BJP will be with other like-minded parties.
It will work for the development of the constituency and to ensure that the people participate in the development.
Speaking to media, the President of ANEHUWU, Bah Napoleon S.Mawphniang, said that the Governor has promised to take action on this issue and will soon call for another meeting on the demands. He said that many of the employees receive a small salary, and he said that there are other employees who have just arrived, but they have received a full job, so it is not fair and orderly.
Sports is not only about results but also about the character of a person, how we will be if we lose, and to play well in a clean game.
The removal of some ministers will be an opportunity for the Prime Minister to form a new cabinet after many ministers have emerged against him.
From day to month, from month to month and so on, this family has increased in income.
“According to the order of NGT dated 23rd November 2015, the order dated 30th March 2016 and the order dated 10th May 2016, the NGT has said that the remaining coal will be auctioned by the State and from the The union has lodged a complaint with the court where it has listened and now it has returned the coal to the owners of the coal. We have not received the order but we have received the news from the court. Our lawyers in Delhi have said that this case has been successful,” said Macmillan Byrsat.
Lucknow: U Mohan Bhagwat, chief of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), today said that there is no separate ownership of Hindus or Muslims in a democratic country. , like India, but the ownership is always for all Indians.
“Three months have passed since the bloodshed in Manipur.
On this occasion, a pledge was also taken to abstain from drugs.
Conrad, who is the National President of the NPP, said the result of the Sohiong election will not affect the relationship between the NPP and the UDP. The 2023 MLA elections will be held.
Nongpoh: The Mahatma Gandhi University (MGU) Byrnihat has charged T.28,000 for the necessary certificates. Combine mark sheet, Migration certificate and Provisional certificates.
This has brought about a major change in the area and the Ministry has not stopped opening up opportunities for the people with disabilities in terms of economic development.
"The question of who will attend, he urged the students who have graduated and those who are still studying under this training to serve in the work of the Lord, he said to be a witness to others through their lives in physical and especially in the spiritual life to bring back hope and peace to the society and the country as a whole, as they have received training and knowledge through this school, so that they can become such servants. who use the talents that the Lord gives them, not to be like a servant who hides his own talent.
The prize money for the winner of the heaviest fish will be T.10 lakh, the second T.4 lakh and the third T.2 lakh. and so on and so forth.
(Ezra 10:1–8).
The KSU also demands that the State Government should make public the Aadhar Cards and EPICs of these 11 students whether they are Meghalayans and also from which colleges they have completed their studies,” said the KSU. “The Open Category is for all Meghalayans including the Scheduled Tribes of the state and most of the time many Khasi have been included in this category which opens the door for others. Khasi is not included in the Khasi-Jaintia category.
He said it was easy to win only six constituencies.
SBYWA also invites those who have completed Master Degree from MA, MSc, MCom and PhD to submit their names.
"On 18th January, Chief Minister Siddaramaiah was sworn in as the leader of the CLP in Karnataka, after the Congress party gave its final decision on the election of candidates for the post of Minister. Rangbah a few days after the party won the Karnataka elections.
Assam opened the scoring through Ajuli Brahma in the 45+2 minutes, but Sikkim equalized through Simran Gurung in the 71st minute. .
Furthermore, the Association has unanimously decided to welcome and unite all the cattle farmers in Jaintia Hills from East and West Jaintia Hills under the banner of the Association, so that the cattle farmers can be promoted by The statement concluded with the cooperation and cooperation.
Speaking to media, the three MLAs said that the inspection was conducted after receiving complaints from the passengers about the deterioration of the you're going to be theirs.
He said he was impressed by the beauty of the place and the stone crematoria at Rongma Gitil.
His remarks will inevitably raise doubts among other MLAs who are not from Mukul Sangma's family, including Charles Pyngrope, President of the TMC. Himalaya Shangpliang (Mawsynram), George B Lyngdoh (Umroi), Shitlang Pale (Sutnga-Saipung), Marthon J Sangma (Mendipathar), Jimmy D Sangma (Tikrikilla), Winnerson D Sangma (Salmanpara) and Lazarus M Sangma (Chokpot).
There are three types of hospitals (1) PHC, (2) CHC and (3) Sub-Divisional Hospital. to be placed in the Sub-Divisional Head Quarter.
Shillong: The State Government has approved the increase in the age limit for teachers from 27 years to 32 years and for Scheduled Tribes by five years. 37 years.
The UDP Mairang meeting today elected Bah Equator by rejecting Bah Joining L Mawnai who is one of the candidates for the election.
The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of T.1 lakh and a trophy and the runner-up will receive a cash prize of T.50,000 and a trophy. About 32 teams participated in the tournament.
On the other hand, Sanmer, who came second in Group C, have won two and drawn one.
The work is demanding but the production is low and most of the time if you want to sell far away the price will be low but you can't sell more until you can't send far away.
Furthermore, on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the author released an article and speech, in which he said that in this Ten years ago, Russia destroyed and destroyed his beloved country, Ukraine.
The need to pursue this worldly wealth affects the time to think about morality in society.
“After the incident, the district authorities have taken action in all aspects to try to find ways to rescue the victims and the NDRF and SDRF have arrived immediately on receiving information from the authorities. District and Government.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 1342 active cases followed by West Garo Hills 475, Ri Bhoi 176, West Jaintia Hills 78, South West Garo Hills 73 and Eastern West. Khasi Hills 57, North Garo Hills 50, East Jaintia Hills 29, South West Khasi Hills 48, West Khasi Hills 38, South Garo Hills 32 and East Garo Hills 21.
In the U-18 category, St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School won the title by winning five gold and silver medals. 4 bronze medals and in the women's category, the winner went to St Mary's Hr Secondary School after winning 6 gold medals and one silver and one bronze medal each.
Shillong: Three small vehicles have been damaged in a collapse of the roof of Jowai Public School at 2.30 pm this morning.
Besides, MeECL has also charged money to recover the money from the mobile towers which have been suspended without paying for electricity.
With the completion of the annex building, the Meghalaya High Court aims to strengthen its commitment to uphold the rights of the people.
(Song of Songs).
Nongstoiñ, June 5: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Raidmynsaw Langpih Area Unit, together with the residents of Langpih area, have demanded that the State Government should set up an entry and exit gate at the Langpih Area Unit. village Kynphaduli Raid-injured.
The DC said that every time during the election, the office receives the full cooperation of all the villages and he believes that it will be the same this time and requested everyone to give their full cooperation. fully and completely to win the election.
Ranveer Singh and Rohit Shetty's Simma is doing well in cinemas.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Mawphlang-Balat road has been in danger due to the lack of safety barriers to avoid the collision of vehicles at night when there is an accident on the Mawphlang-Balat road. Pynshai Manik Syiem, former MLA Myliem has urged the PWD department through the Secretary PWD to take action against the Mawphlang to Lyngiong area. dangerous as hundreds of vehicles pass through this road every day.
When you compare what is written in the Bible, you will find that it is true.
It may be recalled that a few days ago, Shella MLA Dr. Dokupar Roy and Sohra MLA Titos Chyne visited the MCCL dewbilat factory at Mawmluh. Titos said that they did not meet with the Managing Director, but they met with the General Manager and the Work Manager of the department and during the meeting he said that they promised to complete within two – three days, because there were only minor works to be done inside the new factory.
Before the 2018 elections, NCP candidate Jonathone Sangma was shot dead by militants in Garo Hills and there was no investigation; Jonathone had complained about Deborah Marak before the 2013 elections that she used GNLA fighters to intimidate voters and that Marak won the 2013 elections.
He said that there is a huge illegal income in the issuance of shallans because they have been issued only to a few people and these people who will not be named have bought and paid to the government only about 18,000 for 9 tonnes according to the price, but they sold back up to 83,000 each and this happened in December last year before Christmas.
Shillong, March 28: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Thursday held a march from Motphran to Fire Brigade Square to demand the introduction of the State Act. Employment Policy and to arrange for employment in a transparent manner, however, there have been riots along the road until many people have been sympathized and many shops have had to close at noon.
According to the leaders of the HBDRF, the HBDRF is ready to collect the documents related to the border, for these areas which are still between the border dispute with Block-1 A meeting was held on 10.07.2021 at Mukroh and on 12.07.2021 at Khanduli village in this regard.
Shillong: The BJP has not yet announced its candidates for the Tura and Shillong constituencies.
The National Lok Adalat was held under the chairmanship of Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court and Patron-in-Chief of the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (MSLSA). HS Thangkhiew, Judge of the Meghalaya High Court and Executive Chairman of the MSLSA. and reach an agreement.
He also briefly explained the purpose of the Kur Warjri and the work done in the past 25 years since its inception in
“The Minister also promised to take part in the discussion on the long-standing demand to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule.
KSU President Lambokstarwel Marngar while speaking on marriage: Rupang At a meeting held yesterday at Iew Riangdo, Samla Marngar, said that “Clean marriage is a threat to us the indigenous people, because one day a foreigner will come and invade our Khasi land and one day he will become the owner again”.
An unnamed man who was leaving the shop said, “You have written in the newspapers that the price is reasonable, but it is too high. but than that which went to the feast, he said.
“The Prime Minister, the Symbud Prime Minister and even the DGP have acknowledged the need for a Police Station in Mylliem. The government has never received any proposal for the PS,” he said.
As leaders we may have mistakes and misunderstandings but when we work for the same goal it doesn't make it difficult to work together.
“This donation of medical equipment to Shillong Civil Hospital is to make the people of Meghalaya healthier and stronger.
The HNLC said that these rebel groups should respect this because the HNLC does not cross the border into their territory and does not injure or injure those who are illegal,” the statement said. The Garo movement should stop insulting the Khasi and should not make Meghalaya the second state of Bihar.
There are prayers that God answers immediately, there are prayers that are not answered, there are prayers that God has to judge before giving and man needs to wait for the time, which may be days or months. month or year.
The Chief Guest Bah FR Kharkongor immediately said, “The Factory Age has brought great benefits to mankind, then the Information Age has created the path to improve the activities of society. and international rights and freedoms in all important activities of society; but he stressed that now is the age of imagination through the intelligence which has been able to unite the peoples of the world through imagination.
In connection with the petition, Rajiju has directed his officers to provide him with clarification on the instruments of accession and annexed agreement so that he can make arrangements to complete these tasks.
Shillong, June 8: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung (Block II) has decided to participate only in the MP elections from Meghalaya, not Assam tomorrow. now.
Speaking to Rupang, one of the leaders of STIEH, Nini Kurbah, said that the prayer will be led by Pastors, Tymmenbasan and Rangbah Balang and some programs have been arranged.
The students of the school, invited the parents and residents by chanting “Say No To Tobacco”.
He said that he will direct the OC of Pynursla Police Station to investigate and monitor the case and to punish the people involved in this illegal act.
Conrad also spoke about the NH 62 to Dalu via Baghmara and Siju where the preparation of the DPR is underway at a cost of T.950 crore.
Fair Price Shops should implement electronic point of sale (ePOS) devices.
Conrad said the new government will improve on what has been done in the past five years, as the same schemes that have been implemented in the past years are adequate due to the lack of census. The monitoring we have done will continue to ensure that these schemes will fully benefit the residents in all the villages.
Advocate Kerlang Ksoo Dkhiah West, East Jaintia Hills.
Um believe.
" (All Khasi Villages who wish to rejoin their Himas of which they were formerly part, shall be allowed to do so).
This price hike will be effective from today throughout Nongstoiñ.
He said that the blowing of pataka not only produces a sound that shocks the people especially the elderly but the sound of wild animals that are sleeping at the time of the blowing is great and u He said that besides the noise, the air pollution from the smoke during the bomb blast also caused pollution.
I want to see if the farmers really get it or not".
And at that hour his heart was broken, and he said in a low voice, Jesus, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom.
For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies:
Labiangdor L Lyngkhoi was named the Most Valuable Player of the tournament.
Kolhapur Collector Rahul Rekhawar said Hindu religious groups had called for a protest on Tuesday and had already sought permission to hold the rally.
Banialam Mylliemngap scored 34 runs without being out from 18 balls (4x4s, 2x6s).
Regarding the spread of the disease, the Minister has directed the relevant authorities to take all necessary measures to curb the spread of the disease and also to provide medical facilities. suitable for residents who have contracted the disease.
Those who earn 3 lakh rupees per annum have to pay income tax, but the Khasi and the Riewlum do not have to pay tax, because they are not counted.
The authorities have nothing to say about this.
Not only the cars, but also the people were many.
He said that the idea of ​​implementing the coupon came up because many of the passengers have complained that they are facing difficulties due to the lack of space.
Following the death of Bah SK Sun (Bahdeng), former MLA of Mawphlang Constituency, the Shillong Sports Association (SHA) has paid tribute to his son, who won the mid-term elections. Eugeneson Lyngdoh MLA Mawphlang Constituency has been appointed as the President of the Union for the year 2018-2 The Special Annual General Meeting of the SSA Stadium, Polo, was held at the SSA Stadium, Polo. to ask Eugeneson to do this.
Nongpoh, July 06: Speaking at a welcoming ceremony for Umsning MLA Jason S Mawlong, former Umsning MDC Donkupar Sumer and other leaders who joined the NPP party today in Umsning, u The Chief Minister, who is also the National President of the National People's Party (NPP), said that the joining of these leaders will strengthen the party not only in Umsning Constituency but in the state as a whole. MLAs will continue to join the party.
"On the allegation by Prime Minister Narendra Modi that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state, Sinha said the elections are over and it is time to ensure the good things. and the Government of Meghalaya.
The village has banned all candidates from entering the village from 20/02/2
The Shillong Times reported that these students were students of Jamgaon Government Lower Primary School and they showed that the children suffered from various diseases after the injection.
The MBOSE at that time registered those who passed Class X as the High School Leaving Certificate (HSLC).
Replying to the MDA government which has been in power for six months led by the NPP, Bah Lapang said that the previous governments have reached out to take action against such issues. mat is not in the state.
Shillong, Naitung, 13: The State Government on Friday decided to install electricity to illuminate the road from Hotel Assembly to Hotel Assembly. Ward's Lake, in Urkaliar and in the Polo area.
Batsrang finished in 35.11 minutes while Darisha finished in 44.12 minutes to become the first place winners in the men's and women's races.
At one of the meetings of the KSCMD held on 16.07.1949, Bah Rosaiah Nongrem also expressed his view that the Sixth Schedule is not the house of the Khasi States.
Fourthly, it is the Union Territory of Andaman and Nicobar where the villagers have become minority in the Khar Bengalis or Bengal and the Khar Tamils ​​or Tamil Nadu.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today sent a letter to New Delhi requesting for the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Gramin Dak Sevak, Branch Post Master and Assistant Branch examination. Post Master in BPO is not available in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 01 : The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday expressed his surprise to learn that some parties are afraid of him to contest the elections for the party candidate. in Sohiong constituency.
Manchester Thubru scored the first goal (89').
According to sources, three candidates have applied for ticket from the UDP to contest the MP election from Shillong.
They were also informed about the penalties that may apply to those who do not comply with the rules contained in these orders.
Until now, this government and the previous government has been a government, MLAs and Ministers who are blind, blind and short-sighted.
Shillong: It took about three hours at a meeting convened by the Chief Minister today to review the progress of construction of highways in different states.
In this regard, the union would like to thank the EE PWD and the Waheh Shnongs of Sutnga and Jalaphet for their willingness to conduct this inspection to the area so that they can prevent any illegal activities. tragic event.
Antonio Lakiang encouraged the youth by saying to put their goals and aspirations in their own minds, because what you get what you want is only you who understands whether you can or cannot achieve. but don't listen to what others say.
What does this rich man do ? He took the soil from Mount Calvary and took it to a laboratory in Israel. For 72 hours it was covered with saline solution and examined under a microscope.
Meanwhile, the newspaper said that the police department, which is conducting the recruitment of this policeman, will proceed smoothly.
“A copy of the letter reached me through the chairman Bah Nongdhar,” said Bah Bruce. He said that as soon as he received the copy of the letter, he ran to the police station to lodge a complaint with the police.
However, nine rivers including Umkhrah, Umshyrpi, Umtrew, Lukha and Myntdu, which are under the jurisdiction of the River Rejuvenation Committee, have been released from the Committee.
The incident took place at 7 pm at Thapa Marongre and Thapa Agisak near Resubelpara, North Garo Hills.
This decision has been communicated to all the States/UTs so that they can implement it under the ongoing national vaccination programme.
Those who participate in this scheme will receive 3 kilos of rice per month at the price of T.3 per kilo, T.2 per kilo of wheat and T.1 per kilo of millet.
According to her mobile phone, a child was found cutting grass at Umtong.
The French left India 84 years, nine months and nine days after that memorable day.
Meanwhile, BSF DIG (G) Sushil Kr Singh said that the BSF has adequate security forces and with the cooperation of the police, it will help the troops to patrol the border.
“If this problem is not resolved soon, the hospital will soon close down,” said the hospital staff.
At this meeting it was decided that each group will be led by District Officers to visit the villages and enter each household to explain to the people about the rights of the residents to come forward to accept the Covid injection so that the District can increase the percentage of vaccination.
Speaking at a workshop on rural housing development held today at the State Convention Center in Shillong, he said that this program needs to take into account the needs of the rural areas. sites in this area when designing a rural housing system.
He said he has received many complaints about the market in terms of cleanliness, insecurity and others and the District Council will sit down with the Hima Mylliem to think carefully about this.
Dr Mukul Sangma also expressed his concern over the shortage of Muktiars in the districts as the residents have to call Muktiars from outside the district for their cases.
Many of us don't feel too pushed about drugs because we feel like it's just like an alcoholic beverage like alcohol or wine or like tobacco that everyone drinks.
It is sad to know that Meghalaya will be famous only for the activities of a few selfish politicians.
“The CSWO demands an inquiry into the attack on the students,” said CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing.
The meeting was attended by Deputy Commissioner Krishna Baruah and SP from West Karbi Anglong. On the WJHD side, DC BS Sohliya and Waheh Shnong Lapangap Bah D. Priest.
Initially, when we planned to set up these factories, we had already discussed and arranged the locations, but after we reached an agreement, the Rangbah Shnong and the Secretary Shnong together with the The Dorbar Shnong, the Dolloi of Sutnga Elaka, the Secretary of the Elaka have agreed voluntarily that after the Joint Inspection, they have decided and given us the The documents required for the N.O.C in relation to the factories, and besides that there are about two or three villages which have supported to issue N.O.C even to one factory. Latyrke, Moolamylliang and others, so on the allegations of the ECC that the establishment of these Coke Factories in these areas are illegal, wrong and unfounded. .
Earlier, a man was shot dead on Thursday night and six Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) personnel have been patrolling to maintain peace. Section 144 Cr PC has been imposed in Itanagar.
The capital and stronghold of the kingdom is located on a hill near the place called "Iaw Dai ja"
“The government has not thought of closing the dam, but there will be a closure in some of these places to close the dam if necessary, because the closure of the dam affects the income of the people. We must walk together with vigilance, because this COVID-19 pandemic will continue.
“This issue is no longer the demand of anyone but as we see now it is the demand of many churches and the entire Bri u Hynniewtrep people,” said the President of the KSU. It's been five days but we see that the Government has become stupid and silent,” he said.
The death toll is one of 31 cases after being injected with covid
The foreigner said that the lack of development in Meghalaya is only due to the blockade of the political parties and what the political parties know is only to cause trouble.
he doesn't get taught how to fix it.
Besides this traditional music, she also taught guitar and piano.
The NPP Saipung Circle on Thursday elected its office bearers to strengthen the work of the NPP party in the Saipung constituency.
One of the topics discussed at the confirmation meeting of the leaders of the PDF Mawhati Zone, was the announcement that the wealthy candidates and candidates from outside the party have been involved. election, because their aim is only to mislead the people for their own benefit and not because they care about the problems of the people of the constituency.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 354 on Sunday.
The Rangbah Shnong then took the family to another family who was in trouble because the father of the family was in bed due to injuries at the construction site. The household because they were still going for treatment but there was only a mother who cared for the young children.
The bodies were identified as Youmila Lamurong (45) wife of Dipherson Langwar and their daughter Warlis Lamurong (25). Thious Shadap was seriously injured.
He urged every resident to work together for the betterment and development of the village.
“Shillong is very crowded and does not have a place to host a large gathering and Tynring can create the facilities to hold such large gatherings in the coming years,” he said. he said and added that the government will provide assistance.
Who has the authority to forgive for the General Secretary of the Mizo National Front? “If Bah Tynsong is asked about the violence, his answer is against the statements of the CM, MHA officials and AK Mishra who is in the middle for this discussion.
The closest relatives of Bah Cherishterfield and neighbors can report and lodge a complaint against the incident according to the law. the end is to get a fair answer and judgment.
Therefore, the words in the MPSC Rules do not have any meaning.
The Serum Institute will sell T.400 per injection to the State Governments, T.600 per injection to private hospitals and T.150 per injection to the Government of India.
When asked whether they have any complaints to their MLAs or MDCs regarding the actions of the Sordar, Fatima Kharthangmaw said, “It is useless to go”. He said that the MLA and MDC are the same person, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
Mairang Constituency is headed by UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly while South Shillong Constituency is headed by BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai who is also Minister of State. .
The incident happened on the 12th of this month while she was going for a walk in a stream and her body was found by her father.
Shillong, June 22: Although BJP President Amit Shah did not speak to reporters, the party General Secretary Ram Madhav, who accompanied him today, said that the party's General Secretary, Ram Madhav, who accompanied the President today, He said that the party will not ban the consumption of beef in the eastern part of India.
Speaking to reporters, Bah S.Nongphud, one of the mystery workers, said, “On our part, we as mystery workers request the government to look after the workers. we live in a crisis of poverty, especially poverty and unemployment.
But the freedom that will be revealed here is a very different freedom.
Of these, about 700 cases were caused by the type of tobacco used.
On the proposal to establish a Town Vending Committee, Rangad said the government should include the office bearers of these two unions along with the leaders of the Shillong Municipal Board, Shillong Municipal Board, government officials and police forces.
“These experts will visit the ADCs next month to assist them in the portal which should be available as directed by the Government,” he said.
Home Minister Amit Shah and Health Minister Harsh Bardhan visited Jaitley, 66, who is undergoing treatment in the Intensive Care Unit (ICU).
“On the part of my government, we are trying to work with the GHADC to find ways how to pay the salaries. Benedic has accused me and tried to divide the MLAs from Garo Hills to overthrow the MDA government. He has tried to meet with the MLAs and MDCs of the NPP and promised to Give them big jobs if they come to join hands to form a new government.
Besides, other preparations have been made to ensure that there will be no confusion at the polling stations and to ensure that only authorized persons will be allowed to enter the polling stations,” he said.
Financial incentives of up to Rs 1 lakh were provided to a group of producers established as part of the programme.
Jowai, Nailur 15: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) Jowai today held a program to encourage students to pursue higher education. -Lum Jaintia has won the Best Student Award
I am pleased to say and remind you that many human souls have lost and died from eating wild tits and even the species of tits that have been destroyed as well.
If you ask why they are slow, there are no other reasons other than traffic.
MB Rymbai and Andrew Shullai also acknowledged that all the UDP members have given their support to the group.
In fact, the government after the order of the High Court has taken steps to resolve the problem of the land vendors by finding land to accommodate them. The Shillong Municipal Board has decided to provide the rightful owners, but the government's plan has faced problems after the land owners through the support of the Thma u Rangli (TUR), have opposed the government's plan. .
They also thanked the department for organizing this program on Diwali.
She said that in November 2020, the group had met with the Minister of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui and during the meeting, the Minister informed that in their place, the government will appoint others. pass interview.
MDoNER schemes are helping to fill vacancies to support five states in the North East according to their needs, by initiating projects, for example for the development of infrastructure to facilitate transportation and social disadvantages and promote economic and employment opportunities in the region.
According to Myntri Langstieh, the reason for the incident was that Phlorinda, also known as Kong Shim, did not own a shop in Motphran belonging to Trilian Lyngdoh.
He said that according to the NCTE rules in 2010 and after being amended in 2011, teachers appointed before 2010-11 have been exempted from the TET examination under Para
It is not surprising that during the tenure of Ma Robinus Syngkon as MLA in 2013, despite the short term of only 5 years, he was able to complete the Kureliya Bridge quickly which has been delayed for decades. .
I also urge you through this little letter with a spirit of compassion for you the people of Hynniewtrep to surprise people soon before the day of destruction comes.
Shita has been the Symbud Lamphang from 2018 to 2023 and will continue to hold this post from the date of his election to the House.
He told me that during those 7 years the death toll was so terrible that cremation and rituals were no longer possible.
Please reach out so we want to hear the truth from all sides face to face before we take the necessary action.
The two Bangladesh Ministers included the Minister of State for Civil Aviation and Tourism, Rashed. Khan Menon, Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Syed Shariar Alam as High Commissioner Bangladesh and others.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, today inaugurated the St.Joseph HSS School in Umden. Madan, which is also the Assembly Standing Place of the students of the school, was donated by the MLA, in order to make it easier for the students of the school and to avoid standing in hands, especially in the for winter.
Speaking to reporters, the vendors of jhur especially sohsaw and kubi at Iewduh today, said that the market for jhur increases and decreases according to the availability of goods. less goods, the more demand, the better the price.
“Because of this, the Union cannot refuse to demand that the College should increase the number of application forms from 500 to 1000 and also to extend the deadline for submission of forms,” said Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, Education. Secretary of the KSU in a statement.
She also promised to provide drinking water to all households, to renew the MeECL so that the people will not be affected by the electricity shortage.
By estimation, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that about 7,500 leaders have worked in both the legislative assemblies, of which about 600 are women.
That will be the great cure for rheumatism.
Therefore, they need to form governments in many states so that they can rule the Rajya Sabha,” he said.
The information has been given to the Senior Officer in charge of the ANTF, Khliehriat PS and SIB Marbaniang to set up gates to check all the vehicles coming from Silchar to Silchar. Shillong.
Pynïaid said Mawlai constituency has the largest population with 55,000 voters and Laban constituency has only 12,000 voters while the number of schemes through the MDC is the same.
Before Anthony's announcement, Tyson Fury, who is still holding the WBC title, had already spoken to Joshua's training camp about the 'All- British Bout' but the talks on this issue have not come to fruition and Franklin has now been left as the first rangiakura in the return of Anthony Joshua.
Although they have not received enough ration, poverty continues to plague many households.
He also distributed seeds to farmers through the MeghaLAMP project funded by IFAD. FOCUS is one of the ways to provide assistance and more than 4 lakh households have benefited from this.
“The Hima Mylliem has urged the Rangbah Shnongs to report to the Hima on the cost of running the Quarantine Centers in the villages,” said Minister MB Kharlukhi.
Shillong: Three persons have tested positive for Covid-19 in the state today, said the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War. outside the state and so far 270 cases of Covid-19 in the state.
In the investigation of the reporter, it was also learned that besides the Dewlynnong and the holy valleys in the village, there is also the Law Lyngdoh or Khlaw Kyntang where the ancients used to perform rituals in the forest. knia ba khriam, not only that, but the most surprising thing is the presence of a beautiful tree which is alone on a small hill on the side of the road in Disyiang village before reaching Dewlynnong Nongkhnum. .
In East Khasi Hills, 70 cases, 6 cases in East Garo Hills, 7 cases in Ri Bhoi, 5 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in South West Khasi Hills. .
Shillong: The Union Government through the Minister of Urban Affairs, HS Puri, has requested the state to prepare a Smart City project worth T.500 crore for a city selected as a Smart City.
His father remarried after Rupari’s mother passed away.
He also welcomed the students and staff of the YMCA Computer Centre.
These new policemen were sworn in by the Commandant of the 1st MLP Battalion before they left for the field to perform their duties.
Bah Nongsiej died on the spot while Bah Nongrum sustained gunshot wounds to the hand and was taken to hospital for treatment.
Even those who are entitled to celebrate Diwali are prohibited from doing anything wrong, especially from blowing up bombs beyond the stipulated time.
The ANVC-B leader said that the investigation into the ANVC-B members will reveal the fact that they are not the killers but this was done by the groups that are still independent in Garo Hills. .
“Those who contributed the most, we decided to award them and in the course of the work, the most contributor received.
The medals won by the district on Tuesday were from the jngi competition and the team still has a goal to win more medals on Tuesday.
“It's easy to say that if you give a piece of land, they won't do anything and the call for talks with the Harijans has reached that point,” he added.
This program was conducted by Dr. Alethea Dympep, SMS (Agril.
In the presence of Bah Bobby Nongbet, District Sports Officer, Ri Bhoi District, teachers from various schools and others.
She said that at that time of her childhood there were no Christians in Tyngnger or even in the neighboring villages. This song is the ring of BONKURU which is called the ring of Tyngnger which is the ring of muid (or) Shynreh because at that time there was no baje to play. It is said that all this happened before 1896 – that is, before the Great Jumai of
It was in 1876 that he came to Nongsawlia and took over the school.
The rescue teams arrived this morning at the scene of the coal mine which is more than 370 feet deep (37 floors) but because it is too deep and because the water is more than 100 feet deep, these groups cannot fall and have difficulty getting inside.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 25: Myrtle Gospel Band is one of the five winners of the Rock Beat Contest, Mawkyrwat held at Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat. West Khasi Hills District.
Everything Everywhere All at Once is the second most awarded film at the Oscars after Slumdog Millionaire, which won eight awards in
On the other hand, the CSWO demanded that the government should investigate the allegations of corruption in the toilet construction scheme in Garo Hills and not just talk about it.
Shillong, November 2: In the second meeting with the CEM, the CEM, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, has called another meeting with the cow farmers. He also invited the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Veterinary Department to resolve their demand to sniff the cows and conduct an examination.
Applicants should come from 11am to 5PM at MFA Ground and collect the form tomorrow from the office of the Meghalaya Football Association at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Polo Shillong.
Has this part been done? Where is the Department in charge of this and to empower it properly? Now, I cannot turn to Financial Discipline.
The match between Khliehriat HSS and Nongthymme ended in a 1-1 draw.
Shillong, Lber 21 : U MLA of Umsning, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the police have not been able to track down the smuggled coal trucks in the state. However, for some reason, the illegal coal trucks carrying 16 shaka could not be traced by the police.
It is in such changes and new life that people lose their identity and identity and lose their colorful identity (even in worship).
In order to prevent the spread of the disease, the order has been issued to ban all imports of chickens from the border of Assam into Meghalaya.
He said that the market has not declined, although after the news about pork in these days, the price of pork is still better than in the past.
At the beginning of the mass, the Bishop offered the mass by saying that the prayer will not only be for those who have died or been injured, the members of the Catholic Church, but for all those involved in the attack. He said that the Catholic Church gives faith and teaches to love even those who do evil to them.
There used to be differences of opinion, but the differences need to be resolved and now we have resolved them and he said that it has been decided to use the means to meet more often to resolve them. misunderstanding.
He said that the revenue collection of the state in these two months has been low due to the curfew to fight against Covid-1 The central government for the state is also low, which is why the government has decided to temporarily suspend the salaries of the employees for the months of June and June.
In another match, EKH failed to bat first. WKH, which had the opportunity to bat first, scored 78 runs for the loss of 7 wickets in the 15th over. over.
The Government has appointed a Special Committee headed by Bah DD Lapang as Chairman of the Committee together with the CEMs of the three District Councils to take measures to recognize the The authority of the Rangbah Shnong as it has been since ancient times as empowered by the people.
The Meteorological Department does not predict what will happen tomorrow or in the next few days; However, if the weather conditions remain the same as in the past few days, there will be a big problem for the students, who have to go to their classrooms, only 10 or 12 days from now. .
It is worth recalling why in the years 1980, 83, 89 and so on, the KHADC, KSU and other political parties opposed and protested against the introduction of the Railway Line at Byrnihat. Thousands of people will flock to the villages in the name of development to exploit the land, forests, trade and inheritance in the country. Earlier in 1980, the Forum Government comprising the APHLC®, HSPDP, Congress(i) and JNU had decided to oppose the proposal to establish a Railway Head at Byrni.
Shillong, Lber : The President of the Hynniewtrep Border Farmers Association (HTBAFA) Wahlakhiat, Bah SB Sban Khongjoh, on Tuesday said that the heavy rainfall last month has swept away the land. Small bridges and farmers' structures such as fish farms or kyllong in the Umsi River on the 21st of this month.
Bety Jyrwa said that the decision of HANM Women to go on strike is due to the lack of confidence of the state government in their demand which has been stalled for a year.
Therefore, in India, there are many religions.
Lang said that after seeing it in the Rupang newspaper, his friends said that it was a bird called 'King Fisher'
Police have seized 12 lakh tyngka fine from these silencers as part of the fight against the noise of silencers in these areas.
On the other hand, the meeting approved a new salary increase for the chairman of the MPSC and its members, according to the recommendation of the 5th Pay Commission.
“Look, he didn't come to the dorbar, he just disappeared, we can't find his address anymore, look at these many documents of his, you should have sent these documents by “It's a good idea to send a Sumo to Mairang,” said Donkupar Sumer to the Chairman of the House.
Rymbai received the 31.50 lakh from FAO on 11-12-2
China is a major pork consumer and the government says the ban on pork purchases is because they are afraid to eat Indian pork because they have the African swine fever (ASF).
When asked about the border issue, the Chief Minister said that after the two states have already sent their reports to the MHA, the MHA is still ordering the Survey of India and other agencies to submit a report in this regard.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Secretary of Nongspung Hima, Bah Michael Nongspung, has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District on allegations that Bishnu N Sangma of Barigaon, Kamrup District, has taken land. in the New Balakhawa area under the Nongspung Hima.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that as of now, the reports in the newspaper are accurate and clear and urged the journalists to work harder to bring the service through the information. shai kdar to the crowd.
The Sangeh pays salaries to those who are not employed as political appointees such as Chairman, Co-Chairman, Vice Chairman, Member etc.
Furthermore, the Lamphang said that 75% of the construction of the dome shape has been completed.
To invite young people as collaborators, to organize youth competitions and competitions.
The Man of the Match award went to Seiborlangki of Rymbai of Sailung Ialong, Best Goalkeeper was awarded to Heimonmitre Shylla of Lutituber Ialong and Banshanbor Pale of Luti Tuber Ialong for Best Goalkeeper. Sailung Ialong scored nine goals while Iohbhah Dhar of Luti Tuber Ialong was named Player of the Tournament.
Km is ashamed.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to
The UDP MLA from Mawphlang, Bah Matthew Beyondstar Kurbah, has said that he will not contest the MDC election from Mawphlang-Diengiei if no one applies for a ticket.
However, this resolution was rejected.
Jowai: The State Government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, has received Rs 200 crore for the development of tourism and in Jaintia Hills alone it has reached Rs 30 crore.
The shop was donated by Dr Jemino Mawthoh, former MLA of Nongthymmai Constituency and General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP).
The highest number of cases from North Garo Hills includes 7 cases from Mendi, 6 cases from Konagittim and 6 cases from Rongara.
Nehimaya Tyngkan is the Congress candidate who has contested twice from the same party from Mowkaiaw Constituency.
Therefore, he urged the members of the party to follow in the footsteps of Syiem Tirot Singh, for the sake of fighting and protecting the country and the nation.
Jerusalem, March 22 : Israeli troops, the Israel Defense Forces, have vowed to intensify their offensive against Hamas camp in Gaza.
Robertson said that through this news, all the people will know that Lower Mawpud village does not have enough water scheme JJM which started implementation last year.
Shillong, Lber 21 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that Mukroh village still falls within the border of Meghalaya. VECs and other witnesses.
She said that the word Worship has been replaced by the word Nguh ka Dem, Appeal-Ud, Administrator by Administration, Institution by Rympei Saindur and others.
The High Court of New Zealand has ruled that the first curfew in the country is illegal.
“Therefore, when you are allowed to get a hearing, you are directed to answer the show cause on or before 12th June why no action should be taken against you” (Ardent M Basaiawmoit). ) under the provisions of the Model Code of Conduct"
The Dorbar Mylliem together with the Syiem and Ministers have lodged an FIR against the woman on the 24th of last month so she was released.
The Government of India has foreseen that there will be disputes between these disputes and has foreseen that if any disputes arise, the arbitration decision will be taken by the Panchayati. Raj, which is a branch of the Government of India.
The SCA-A score was 89/8
Edilin Marbaniang was elected as President, Sofia Mary Ranee as Vice President, Mirtiya Shabong as Secretary, Khinela Shabong as Finance Secretary and J. Warjri as Treasurer. this organization.
Deputy Commissioner, Jagdish Chelani, IAS, said that this is the first time that arm wrestling has been included in the schedule of the Meghalaya Games and the Meghalaya Games have brought many benefits to the athletes. , boys and girls play.
He said that the invitation of Fr Sngi is an honor of the love that people have shown not only because he is a religious leader, but because he is a man who loves the people and a great thinker.
“When we visited the sites, we found many new mounds that may have just been given recently over the years.
If this is the case, how can our villages and townships grow and move forward? The Khasi in his relationships with fellow Khasi, feels that he is wiser or more knowledgeable than the other.
It was written once many years ago but no one cared about the people behind the dam.
“The Garo take part in the KHADC MDC elections, but unfortunately the Council has not looked after their customs and traditions,” he said.
Besides addressing the shortage of skilled health workers in the rural areas, this new initiative of the Government will also open up opportunities for educated young job seekers, he said. and Sangma.
They are idol worshippers.
“We want to know the reluctance of the state government for the 2 lane road from Nongstoiñ-Maweit to Nongjri 75 kilometers, which has been tendered three times for the construction of the road. to obtain Consultant services and to obtain Details Project Reports (DPRs).
“We have had to stop the evacuation because of the lack of electricity,” said Dr Tyngshain.
The Mizoram policeman warned him when Saikia admitted that he was in Assam territory, while the Mizoram policeman told him that it was Mizoram territory.
““We acknowledge the long-standing presence of the Harijans in Hynniewtrep.
In fact, Bah RG Lyngdoh, when he was welcomed back to the Congress Party on 8th November 2021, expressed his desire to strengthen once again the Congress. the Party.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has filed a complaint against the CPI (Maoist) or Naxal group for money laundering in connection with plans to increase terrorist activities as part of the plot. revive militant group in Bihar's Magadh Zone
Both sides will understand themselves as well as from our house.
“We will not allow the Mela to be held and we will not allow it to be held,” he said.
Who among their people is qualified to be the leader ? Who can speak when they arrive in Delhi, what language do they speak? How many dare to speak ? How confident they are that they can carry the honor of the state on their shoulders.
They were among 800 devotees from Punjab who went to the Gurdwara Panja Sahib in Lahore for the Baisakhi festival.
From 21st July 2017 to 30th October 2019 and in 2018, Amlarem Block received the Block Award from the Central Government through the District for the progress and smooth running of the 100 Days Scheme. Kharpuri has been transferred from Amlarem to Mawkyrwat.
Years have passed but the woman has not yet received her rights from this agreement.
The actress, who is married to Ryan Reynolds and has acted in several beautiful films, feels that her children come first in her life and after her career. reason why she struggles to take action first to look after and care for her children as well as to work again later.
Speaking to reporters on Saturday, he said that his decision was to re-establish the ARPA and hand over the leadership to others.
The newly appointed Priest, Father Desing John Nongphud, is the son of Mrs. Mistoril Nongphud and Mr. Twosstar Peiñlang of Tiehsaw Khyllem and is the fourth of nine children.
On the other hand, the Director of JHDS in his speech expressed his gratitude to all those who have been involved and supported in the construction of these two houses and those who are in dire need of assistance.
He said that many young people have different talents and if there are no those who encourage and inspire them, they will be led astray in this life. the time of the world's destruction.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Rev. Domnic Jala, Archbishop of Shillong.
The National People's Party (NPP) leaders have expressed their surprise over the invitation of applications by the MPSC for the two posts of Assistant Conservator of Forests.
“Where else can we go, when we have been living in this area for hundreds of years,” said Bah Wanbor.
Shillong, Nailar 14: On the occasion of the HNLC's curfew, the government today said that the attendance of employees has been 87.5 percent in East Khasi Hills alone and 87 percent in the Secretariat.
In the customs and traditions we have seen the most important change is the attempt to give birth among others.
Those leaders are held by election, and anyone or anyone who is registered as a voter may contest this election.
“This statement especially at this time has brought many problems and has destroyed us as a nation,” said KHNAM. “The state government should inform the Assam government that the Karbi should not build The statue of the forest guard who was killed by the bullets of the Assam police.
Speaking on the occasion, Chuba Ao said that the BJP is the largest political party in the world, which has been formed by people who want to serve the people.
The NESO, which has submitted its demands to the Governor, urged him to meet with the President and Prime Minister to ensure that the youth of this area should no longer live in danger when they are in danger. this is the city of Delhi.
Josper S Dura.
Prayer is reading, meditating, discussing and discussing.
He urged the district authorities and all government officials to provide basic training to various groups of women which will also be a source of empowerment for women.
In the women's category, Aidaris Lyngkhoi won, Phyrnai Kyndait won second and Evemarry Ramsiej won third.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Khliehriat Circle invites the public to attend the public hearing on the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) to be held on the 15th June at 11 am at Khliehriat. The place where the statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah was erected.
He said that the Regional Committees have to visit all these areas under the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya and have to collect detailed information from both sides by collecting documents. documents and other witnesses and after sending the report, the two governments at the level of the prime ministers will consider and take a decision which is best to resolve the border so that it does not affect the it is the people of Assam or the people of Meghalaya.
If the state government does not fight against those who serve the people, it is a pity.
Therefore, at this time I would like to remind you that we should never rest or rest too late to pray, or to pray and call upon Him only in times of trouble, but we should continue to strengthen and increase. prayer that God will have mercy on us and that he will eradicate and kill this Covid-19 pandemic in the world, because by human wisdom we cannot fight against it despite many attempts to prevent, but they have never been able to completely eliminate it or find a cure for the disease.
The first leaders of the HNYF Women's Wing included the President-elect, Beti Jyrwa, Vice President, Orianda Kharkongngor, General Secretary, Princess Kharmuti, Treasurer, Wansuk Lyngdoh and other leaders. Executive Director of HNYF Women's Wing.
He said the meeting also discussed the support for Draupadi Murmu, the presidential candidate of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) led by the BJP. ) which holds the rule of law in India.
The Union demanded that the factory should be put into operation immediately.
The deceased were identified as Mar Shanstar Nongdhar, a resident of Jowai. He lives with his wife and children in Khimusniang Village, Jowai.
Mirchi RJ Nicky J's on Saturday visited Jowai from Shillong through his My Meghalaya My Pride campaign to protest against the pollution of Jowai especially the Iawmusiang market which has been covered with garbage. the road and various markets.
For more information please call
She said that the SMAC Control Room has been equipped with the necessary equipment at the Special Branch Headquarters.
Following the Delhi High Court's verdict, the Enforcement Directorate raided Kejriwal's house, searched the house and questioned the Delhi Chief Minister.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 5: The North Eastern Council (NEC) has allocated Rs 3 crore for the improvement and maintenance of several schools in Mawshynrut area. there is a great need for assistance in improving school buildings.
In the Under 14 category, Government Boys Higher Secondary School, Tura came second while Christian Boys Higher Secondary School, Tura came second.
In America, the shot is not available.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Muster Roll Progressive Workers Union (AMMRPWU), a group of muster roll workers in the state, has informed the government departments that they are ready to hold a strike against the government. He did not comment on many of their demands in the past 10 years, especially to increase the salary.
At the same time, he said that the PWD and Forest departments have agreed to provide land for the construction of these water pipes and the department will direct the contractors to expedite the work.
“There are two conflicts, one is the search for information by the public and the other is the attempt by the PIOs or departments not to provide information to those who seek information.
For example, his surname and village name is known as Bologne, from the Papal state of Europe.
On Saturday, the union together with the Rangbah Shnong of Khanapara, Bah Jerimy Lyngdoh, inspected the union and found that the actions of Assam are an insult to the people of the state on the border. There is no Epic and card ration in Meghalaya and now they have to stay in their homes.
Nongstoiñ: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of Nongstoiñ, Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS, in accordance with the powers conferred on him under section 324-A of the ME Act. Dry Day has been declared in West Khasi Hills District on the 7th June, 2023 as it is a “Good Friday”. Bonded warehouses should close their shops on that day.
Nongpoh, March 11: “Although I have been one of the biggest supporters of the Congress Party, I cannot refuse to leave the Congress Party, because I have seen that the Congress Party has been ruled by force and alone. Speaking at the NPP meeting in Umbuda, Bah CB Syiem expressed his regret over the violence of the Congress government. Mukul Sangma led the meeting and witnessed the failure of many development schemes which should have reached Ri Bhoi, but many of these development schemes have reached Gara and especially in the constituency. Mukul Sangma, the son of Ampati.
There have been reports of animals infected with the coronavirus in the Netherlands.
So we have deployed 'Naka' to monitor and after this, it was found that this has gone down," he said.
Jas Chyrmang scored in the 19th, 49th and 66th minutes and Romarius Laban scored the third goal in the 19th, 49th and 66th minutes. Lency Swer scored the second goal in the 63rd and 64th minutes for Mulait. Ladthadlaboh won the second place with 12 points.
“At the same time, the party strongly condemns the statement of Conrad Sangma in Jowai, who said that no decision has been taken yet for the small farmers who want to mine coal.
Pakistan on the 19th of this month was in the midst of a massive humanitarian crisis after a boat carrying hundreds of refugees capsized and sank in a sea near the country. Greece.
Najiar said that when the march reached the Red Cross area, Laban to Laban Ïew Dak, the group went to stop at the Presbyterian Church, Laban. At about 1 pm, they started chanting 'Jai Sree Ram' and others for about 10 minutes, on the other hand, the service was interrupted.
However, it is said that now there is only one MDC left, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, who has not yet been appointed. Who will sit on the post of Dy.Chairman, but sources said that Bah Victor cannot get the post because he is considered to be an elected MDC and not a mere MDC. Gabriel, the PDF, has not been able to appoint any Lamphang.
We don't know where this pollution started, because in Byrnihat the plastic factories are not only on the border of Meghalaya, but on the other side of Byrnihat there are also many factories. in the area of ​​Assam.
Shillong, November 29 : The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has expressed its opposition to the government's plan to shut down the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) Factory. Bah Gavin M Mylliem to take responsibility and if he doesn't take responsibility he should resign as MLA otherwise the Seng will take action against him.
Besides many issues to be discussed on this day, the party will also discuss the MP elections to be held next year.
During the inspection, Bah Wansanlan Dhar, Rangbah Shnong of Rhongkum, said that the residents of Rhongkum are facing many problems. from the lack of roads, electricity shortages and others.
The Special Judge sentenced the suspects to imprisonment for up to 10 years and a fine of T.30,000 under Section 4 (1) of the POCSO Act.
They also congratulated Bah Sosthones Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Bah Victor Ranee MDC, Bah Lambok Mylliehngap, former MLA Jirang, journalists, leaders of various Sengbhalang, Village Leaders, Women's Organizations. They encouraged the family and others to investigate and track down the suspect.
Speaking on the development and stability in North Shillong, he said that the area is a market area, thousands of people depend on it for their livelihood, and it is the it is the right time to see the peace in this place.
“The Government has also allocated to East Jaintia Hills District especially to Khliehriat an artificial turf, synthetic track and other facilities like other districts so that the youth sportsmen of the district can train and train in the field. “I don't know what to do,” said KSU Sports Secretary Shwari Ryngkhlem.
