The union also pointed out the increase in police presence on No Entry, No Parking and No Stoping Zones, where Commercial vehicles were not allowed to travel while private vehicles were not banned at all and they said that this has affected the taxpaying commercial vehicles.
Therefore, the government of Conrad K. Sangma should monitor the redevelopment of the Wah Umkhrah and Umshyrpi so that the work can be started even after 8 years.
“The young women who came back from Gurgaon Delhi, via a special train, informed me that when the train reached Bihar, the train stopped and I saw from the windows that the police were stopping them. Bihar residents and after taking money from them, entered the compartments of the train, some of them tried to stop, but these Bihar Khar threw stones until the houses of the train were damaged. “Through the pictures sent by these youths,” said Thomas Passah, Vice President of the KHNAM, who spoke to the victims, he said, “Through the pictures sent by these youths, and he saw the sword.
Ridalin Suting (22') and Elviorika Sohkhlet (27') scored 10 goals each in the first leg of the match. They have improved their playing style and have found it difficult to score in all three matches.
From the outskirts of the poor country, from the North East I have struggled in the midst of poverty and without the support of any political party I have risen to the rank of Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. Country.
Ed and without obtaining 45% marks as per the NCTE guidelines and without discrimination.
The completion of the investigation has been postponed twice, by the end of November
From 2015 to 2019, the Government has not allocated any funds to assist the ASHAs through this scheme.
I appeal to all the civil society organizations to take action against this attack on our Khasi brothers and sisters.
The Syrpai had picked up some jhur to take Kni to Sor.
He urged the people not to misunderstand as the purpose of the festival is to promote the singers and musicians of the state to the world and the name of Meghalaya.
“We also demand that the authorities should upgrade the computers in the laboratories so that the students can improve their skills in doing research,” said the NEHUSU leader. We also demand that the NEHU authorities should introduce a clean and transparent Marking System.
However, with Chhattisgarh setting a high target, Meghalaya failed to reach the target and were bowled out for 213 runs.
Right on the box.
This shows that only MLAs, MDCs and government employees have the right to eat milk, meat and meat, while others have the right to eat milk, meat and meat. with the flesh, the flesh of the skin, and the flesh of the pyut, which is broken and no longer needed by those who are in this position.
Although police tried to rush the three to NYU Langone Hospital in Brooklyn, doctors said the woman died before arriving at the hospital. .
Education will mislead the children,” said Bah Readyonestone.
The Khasi customs have been destroyed, the khla and the thlen have gained a place in many parts of the country.
The Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal on July 6, said that the construction of the Umiam Dam and the strengthening of the dam bridge is scheduled to be completed in the first month of April.
The objective is also to ensure the preservation of the environment through the media under the Swacch Baharat Mission-Gramin.
The Athletics Integrity Unit (AIU) said that his suspension has been effective from 12th November 2022 which is the date of his indefinite suspension. until 11th November
Regarding the incident, which the students have been told by the teachers inside the school, the FKJGP leaders, through Bah Ricky Majaw, said that the FKJGP strongly warns them. teachers that they should not intimidate the students when they speak the truth, because they speak the truth about the shortcomings in the school.
Speaking at the meeting, former Sohiong MLA Samlin Malngiang said that the NPP is a party with a foundation and intelligent leaders. Conrad K Sangma and two Deputy CMs, Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar.
The Governor said the state government will also follow up with the central government to request for funds for the ongoing and new development projects in the state.
St Paul's Higher Secondary School Nongpoh, today joined hands to celebrate Children's Day, which is known as Children's Day. , organizing a special program among the students and teachers of the school.
Purmila Hajong +40kg Female
Shillong: Josiah Momin scored a century for the loss of five wickets to Meghalaya on the opening day of the Vinoo Mankad Trophy. Manish Sharma top scored for Meghalaya by 133 runs.
On the same day, seven Executive Members of EJHDA were elected.
Jowai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Shillong today conducted a Field Level Financial Awareness Event to provide training to the public on financial management and income generation.
However, how much more so for those who have experienced this disease who have experienced for themselves that this terrible disease has caused disease in their bodies.
Sonam Kapoor, after taking part in the coronation celebrations of Charles III, expressed her happiness and at the same time she will never forget this in her life, in which she Sonam herself didn't even think about being invited.
Umphyrnai SC took the lead through 10 goals scored by Bankyrshanbor Kharkongor in the 8th minute.
“The money of the people has been looted by appointing even those who have been rejected by the people in various departments,” said Bah Louis.
Therefore, there is an urgent need for new electoral reforms in the working methods of political parties so that they can prepare themselves for such presidential style contests.
Prestone said this while campaigning for the NPP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh at Mawlai Phudmuri Bus Stand on Tuesday.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced that it will contest the upcoming MLA elections from Sohiong constituency.
In conclusion, Bah Bajop said that if the people are wise, the TMC will now be the party that will lead and listen to the voices of the poor, the rich and the poor.
“The Mawjymbuin Creek has been under the care of the Dorbar Shnong since ancient times,” said the General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong, Bah PW Shangpliang. The claim that the land and the Mawjymbuin Crematorium have been registered in the name of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram is unfounded. there are documents to prove it.
John 2:1/ Colossians 2:13-15.
“I am still applying for a ticket from the HSPDP, the people have called me and we will have to ask for permission from the people if I don't get a ticket from the HSPDP, because as they want, I will go straight to the people,” she said. state.
Many people are happy that the elections have come again for two reasons, one is that they get money without asking and the other is the opportunity to elect the right candidate.
Later, Congress spokesperson Koustav Bagchi also joined the strike.
“Will you the people still allow the UDP which has joined hands with the party which has turned its back on us?” Damewanhi said.
The seed bank will focus on the preservation and development of indigenous rice varieties.
Not only that, this thankful peace will lead to war and there will also be a war between Israel and all the Arab countries and in the world itself in which Israel will have to stand alone.
We are deeply saddened that the Government of India has implemented the ILP only in Manipur but Meghalaya which has been demanding for a long time has not been implemented and this is an insult to Meghalaya as a whole.
In this election, 19,273 votes were cast in Tura Lok Sabha constituency and 10,949 votes in Shillong Lok Sabha constituency. There are 6,19,219 voters in Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Sngapsingh Syiemlieh was led by Maharam Syiemship. Thank you very much.
Worthy runners-up Tura District Cricket Association won the toss and decided to bat first but could only manage 121/7 in their 20 overs, which SCA knocked off in 11.5 overs for the loss of just one wicket.
Nongpoh: Jaguar Football Club has won the title and a cash prize of T. They beat Blue Bombers FC 5-1
We have to work hard and suffer while we have the strength.
He said that although the Urban Development Department has already built the well, but this well will not be able to stop the flow of garbage into the road to reach the bridge and this will cause problems. to the visitors to this tourist destination.
Nurses will continue to treat only those patients who have already been admitted and stayed in hospital before the start of the strike while others who have just arrived after the strike will not be affected. If the government does not fulfill their demands.
Shillong, Naitung 07 : The State Government has now sought detailed information on how to generate electricity from waste.
What is shocking is that even the largest police stations like Sardar Police Station and Mawlai Police Station are still being detonated by petrol bombs.
Don't play with us and we are here to serve the state and to serve the students of Meghalaya,” said Bah Rymbai.
Jowai: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today decided to postpone its budget session scheduled to be held tomorrow (26-03-2020).
The first issue is the ILP and to oppose the CAA and the second issue is to convince and demand from the state government to bring the 39th National Games in Jaintia Hills.
“After receiving the directive from the Lokayukta, Anil Sangma, MPS (Rtd.) who is a member of the Inquiry Wing of the Lokayukta has conducted a thorough investigation and sent the investigation report to the Lokayukta. According to the findings of the investigation report, the Lokayukta has imposed sanctions on the above mentioned MDCs, contractors and employees of GHADC,” said Kingstone.
In the second leg, Wahiajer NYSSC beat Musniang SC 2-0
These PPEs were handed over under the leadership of Rtn.
At that time, it had to listen to the political parties that worked together until the Prime Minister had to remove even the departments from one Minister.
Members of the village including the Seng Samla Shnong Tynring were surprised by the sudden suspension of the dorbar.
Shillong, Naitung 19: Twenty-two school children have died of poisoning after eating lunch in Bihar, on Tuesday. below the Village of Pynursla.
In terms of athletics, according to my memory, since we were in school, the college has been one of the best athletes in the 100m, 110m Hurdles, Triple Jump and Long Jump.
“Although the KHADC has set only 36 naia per kilo, the Marwaris have taken advantage by increasing the price of agricultural products by 5 to 10 tyngka by claiming that they have to pay tax. Government and KHADC,” said Titos Starwell Chyne.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has rejected the demand of the VPP MLAs to extend the session on the grounds that the deadline is too short.
Rajya Sabha MP from the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Derek O'Brien on Tuesday said that no MP from Meghalaya has been willing to raise the issue. The issues of the state in Parliament, except for the MPs of the AITC who have raised and expressed these issues.
The total number of recoveries is 109 and the death toll is
“This survey has been conducted for the last two months.
The theme of the conference was “Scouting and Guiding Education for Life” and the purpose of the conference was to encourage the youth in education, to empower the youth and to strengthen the country and to encourage many young people to take part in the public service of Scouts and Guides.
CP Marak IFS, Principal Chief Conservator of Forests & Head of Forests Force was the chief guest in the presence of Additional Deputy Commissioner West Jaintia Hills, D Khongiong, AK Srivastava, IFS, Addl. Heisa Lato, DFO Wildlife and others.
In the same year, one of the NGOs founded by Michael Bloomberg, one of the leaders, was investigated by the Ministry of Home Affairs for allegations that it The organization has conducted public awareness campaigns against tobacco by working together and fighting against it.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister spoke on the role of ensuring that the beneficiaries have easy access to health care and also at affordable prices in the villages.
Under the rule of the French, the Jaidbynriew has suffered various persecutions in terms of customs and traditions and especially the faith, worship and rituals which have been developed by the ancestors of the Khasi Khara.
Bindo urged the HSPDP to rethink its position.
He said the CoMSO demands that all the 60 MLAs should go to Delhi to demand the ILP to ensure that the central government will implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
The one bringing it also instructed them that they could go home.
In this method, you will find more than 40 species of plants.
The tournament will end on 20th November 2023 and the organizers have also prepared cash prizes worth T.30 lakh for all the winners.
This is the time of India's prosperity,” he said.
During the meeting, the Union of Village Authorities spoke to the DC about the problems faced by the people of the area regarding the violence of Assam in the area.
Ladthadlaboh took the lead in the 7th minute through Banteilang Shylla.
In this innings, NGH found it difficult to fight against the balls of Gulgul Sangma who didn't release balls and removed the batsmen when he found any mistakes.
Although the State team tried to turn the tide in the second half, they could not succeed and suffered a defeat against Gujarat.
Shillong, July 13: Sylvia Nengnong, a depositor at Bank Nongkyndong, Mawlai, today clarified that she has withdrawn the complaint she lodged with the Mawlai Police Station. The Branch Manager of the Bank, Mr. Mike L Chyne.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The Nongtalang Dorbar Shnong has invited the traders on the 5th to hear their views regarding the parking lot near Sohkha village. side of the traders, receptive and resistant.
“I have been in Nongkrem Constituency for more than 10 years and in which I have done many things, assistance to sports clubs, to provide assistance to villages, to discuss how to improve income. of farmers.
At this meeting, the drivers decided that although there is a curfew, to provide convenience to the people who are stranded in Assam or Meghalaya, they decided to take these passengers to the Jorabat and that Assam or Meghalaya vehicles will transport these passengers to their destination, said the Secretary of the party Balajied Jyrwa.
“The Congress has announced the battlegrounds without consulting its allies,” said NCP President Sunil Tatkare.
Many of the residents in the area, especially the students who used to go to Nongpoh every day to attend classes, have complained that besides the deterioration of the road and full of snow, this rainy season. The people have to face problems on the road.
“On the part of the Head of GVK EMRI, he has acknowledged that there is a delay in the service delivery of this department,” said Bah Charlie.
Nongum also agreed that he had received a letter from the Nongstoin DCC and informed that the matter was discussed at the Nongstoin BCC meeting held at the Nongstoin DCC. hi day.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held an emergency meeting to express its condolences on the sudden passing away of MDC 26-Langrin from the UDP, Bah Nasar Marwein.
“The State deserves better and my effort is to make good use of what God has given and I believe this will be the case,” he said. for all members of the Cabinet.
The former UDP leader also criticized HSPDP President Ardent Basaiawmoit who has contested for Sohiong constituency for HSPDP candidate Samlin Malngiang. Ardent quotes from the Book of Genesis, where the devil tempted Eve to eat the fruit of the tree. “You will understand what is good and what is bad,” said Charles. “Ardent's statement is a temptation to the people to do so even though it is a sin to do so.
The state has so far received 2,09,216 PPEs, 6,30,000 3 Ply Masks and 2,06,086 N95 Masks.
But as long as the soul lives, we the people will not listen.
“Therefore, if these activities of the party are not successful, then the government should think and lift the charges against all the leaders and members of the party,” he said.
When asked about the incident, the president of the KSU said that the government should take responsibility because the people are angry with the Meghalaya government especially with the support of Agatha Sangma. The CAB is the law of India.
Moosiang Lamare New beat Moo Nongtdu 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
The Israelites see Jesus and recognize him and say that they know where he is! But they did not accept him.
The EM I/c of ​​Labor Bah Teibor Pathaw who is also the MDC of Mawlai Constituency should clarify and ensure that the issuance of Labor and Trading License should prevent foreigners from entering and detain them. to expect that increase in Revenue in their department.
He came from a family that was not especially involved in the land.
Chairman Dr Kharsyiemlieh said that on 21.11.23 a public hearing will be held at the KHADC office for Mawkyrwat and Langrin constituencies.
This will make it easier or help the students to make choices so that they can pass better.
Furthermore, Dushyant Chautala, Symbud Prime Minister, JP Dalal, Minister of Agriculture, Education Minister Kanwal Pal and others were banned from traveling. the houses of these leaders.
Shivam Lohakare won the silver medal in the Javelin Throw after throwing 72.34m, while Shakeel won the bronze medal in the 800m in 1:4 Sharuk Khan won the silver medal in the 3000m steeplechase in 8:51.74 seconds.
The soil is destroyed every year and to fertilize it, it is necessary to apply fertilizers from time to time until the crop is harvested. uto you plant.
Also present on this occasion were the volunteers who help the group from time to time, Bah C.Rani and others.
At the same time, the DC also requested the cooperation of the Kur to help inform her if there are any objections.
Shillong: The Union Minister of State for Road Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari, today said that the Union Minister of State for Road Transport and Highways, SADCC, has said that the The Government of India (NHAI) will withdraw the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) from all the states of the North East.
In the past two or three years, dozens of incidents have happened from time to time to signal through the forces of nature without end.
Shillong, June 30: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has not yet decided to join the National People's Party (NPP).
Nongpoh, June 22 : Six youths have been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police for allegedly posting a picture of a young woman on WhatsApp. on charges of involvement in spreading the photograph of a young woman whose name has been kept secret.
The warning came after a clash between protesters and security forces at Molnoi village near Pallel in Tengnoupal district of Manipur last month.
He said that the coal traders have requested to renew the tax rules and have asked for authority to pay the taxes in installments and not once.
Speaking on the curfew called by the GJM, he said that only slasha factories will be allowed to operate.
The words of the wise warn against children who disobey and disobey their parents.
If there are those who don't care about the little ones – it's the people who choose.
Isaiah 6:11.
He said at a press conference at the Polo Tower Hotel that Dr Mukul Sangma will be the Chief Minister tomorrow and in the coming days.
The spirit of Shadiang is the spirit of Shamon.
However, although many churches speak out against the use of money during the elections, money still has a place, because candidates who have another purpose, do not use money.
After the Second World War (1939-1945), the British Government decided to grant independence to India and also to our Hynniewtrep Hills.
Researchers have tried to investigate the workings of these robots, known as Replika, which is a youth chat room and there are other robots, which can be used as body, in talking, kissing, sleeping and many other needs of a person.
The protest was held from 10 am to 2 pm today.
The match today 23rd November, 2023 will be between Shangpung Lumiawmushai and Nangbah Mulang at 1 pm.
Niangti said that since last year, the Union has been protesting by holding a rally against the garbage collection, the market closure which has affected the income of the residents. market and also informing the higher authorities from the MLA, the Minister and government authorities.
Hynniewta said the government has promised to give them enough land to set up shops once the construction of the new shopping complex is completed within 24 months or two years.
“I am pleased to inform you that several persons involved in the kidnapping and murder of Phijam Hemanjit and Hijam Linthoingambi have been arrested today from Churachandpur,” he said.
The purpose of the rally was to accompany the candidates who went to the scrutiny of their nomination papers, to ensure their participation in the election as candidates.
In the midst of hope, it is like the sun shining and it is a great blessing to the poor, the rich, the needy as many groups of fighters and private groups have emerged who are trying to overthrow the state government. .
In their match, the pair defeated Mexico's Luis Raul Gallardo Oliveros and Gabriela Rodriguez 6-0 in their final. .
U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today announced that he is in quarantine after testing positive for covid-1
“We will distribute the new ration cards to all the new and old ration cards.
On the other hand, the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi has expressed its opposition to the proposal to implement the UCC. India, and has also conveyed this to the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, and the MPs leading the state.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCC) on Tuesday won the U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCC) on Tuesday.
Rani asked for clarification that even the NOC has not been issued, but it is surprising how the foreigner got the Trading Licence, because the Trading License without the NOC from the owners cannot be obtained.
The second list of candidates for the party will be released in the next 12 days, said UDP General Secretary Bah AF Dkhar.
During the inspection, the union found that this road which has been completed in the past few months, has been damaged in many parts.
Batyngshain filed his nomination papers at the office of SDO (civil), Sohra in the presence of party leaders including some MDCs of KHADC. I have contested for the MDC election and my contest is not against Bah Teinwel but against Dr Donkupar Roy because he has worked hard for Bah Teinwel.
“I have been told this, but there is no news from the Indian government that it has been mined for uranium.
Later, there was a need for people to take care of the country and the nation.
She said the government wants to make the untrained teachers skilled and qualified to become teachers and has finally allowed those who have not yet completed to complete this before the end of the year. year.
For he that is not against us is for us...... “(Mark 9:38).
The Minister said that they will also implement an Integrated Control and Command Center funded by the Minor Minerals Reclamation Fund (MMMRF). and how to prevent boundary crossing, deforestation and deforestation.
In the second half, Pasyih Cultural and Sports Club beat Nangbah Mooknor 5-1 goals. Hammyllien Dkhar scored the first goal for Pasyih C&SC in the 25th minute. Sakhiatmi Siangshai scored in the 30th minute, Shaniah Dkhar in the 63rd minute, Deiwi Rymbai in the 69th minute and Sambud Dkhar in the 80th minute. 54 minutes.
“There are teachers who have passed the D.El.
“Ri Bhoi District has also improved in the implementation of development projects as an Aspirational District, thanks to the cooperation of government officers and employees in the implementation of projects or development projects in the country. Bhoi District has improved rapidly in terms of basic infrastructure, health and nutrition, education and other development projects and in 2022 Ri Bhoi District has reached the 5th position out of 115 districts. Districts that have implemented well in line with the goal of Aspirational District,” said the Union Minister of State for Child Development, Krishan Pal Gurjar.
Shillong Lajong will play their next match on the 9th of July against Meghalaya Police.
The Deputy Commissioner of EJH in his speech congratulated the DHO, EJH for being able to conduct such a program and urged the DHO and DAO, EJH to assist the farmers. the area in terms of pesticide-free farming methods for a variety of crops that are suitable for the environment in order to increase income among the farmers.
The camp was inaugurated by Bah Balajied Synrem, MLA of Shella, in the presence of Dr. Vijay Kumar, Commissioner Tourism, Kong S. Rynjah, Director Soil. SDO Sohra Civil Sub Division, Bah L.Kynjing and others.
Speaking at the meeting, Ms C.Kharkongngor, IAS said that this is one of the special programs as the Payment for Eco-System Services (PES) Scheme for the year 2022 has been launched. assistance for the residents in terms of ways to preserve the forests.
“My parents have allowed me to come to India and have supported me,” said Natasha, who married Malkit on 23rd July the Sikh religion.
The truck drivers also said that the cows came from Marigoan, Jalpaiguri and Khanapara without the transport permits and documents from the Veterinary Department.
“The Meghalaya Act 9 of 2021, which has been amended as a Repealed Act, has been repealed,” the statement said.
Although home to 270,000 residents, it has the 13th highest number of shark attacks, according to the Florida Museum of Natural History.
Damutlang was hit by a truck while he was on his way to Lad Smit on October 7,
At present she will not dare to reveal her true color or her true character or her hidden purpose.
Dangri Phawa scored the first goals for Madankynsaw Mookyndeng in the 18th and 67th minutes.
Other witnesses included Dr C Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning, who was the Chief Guest, Bah GD Kharwanlang, SP of the district, Bah S Lyngdoh, EE PHE Umsning Division, Heads of RBYF, Rangbah Shnong and others, besides school children, teachers, parents and those who should receive the award.
He expressed his gratitude to Bah Ardent and prayed that he will continue to fight for the benefit of the nation.
There will be a lot of danger that MLAs/Ministers will politicize education and if it is in that way, education will reach the forest and only those schools that support them will benefit. Their MLAs, while those schools that are entitled to become victims in our state.
This is the worst threat to the Tribal/Adivasi people in this neo-liberal era.
“Ka Seng has also given two months to the government to rebuild the outpost at Kyrshai,” said Lyngkhoi.
In other areas, it should allow women to participate in community development.
Chiarmon Dkhar, from Wapungskur village, East Jaintia Hills District, who used to do charity work for the poor families, has continued her charity work at Mookhep village. East Jaintia Hills on Friday.
It was here that Rida knew that she was afraid of him and was ready to leave.
The appointment of two Symbud Myntri Rangbah by the State Governments was made in 2013 by the Government led by Dr Mukul Sangma which appointed Bah Rowell Lyngdoh and Bah RC Laloo as the Chief Ministers. Symbud Chief Minister of the State.
He said that the ban on motorcycles and scooties has affected the youth but this happened after receiving complaints from taxi drivers that those who operate motorcycles and scooties are too drunk. The passengers were not able to stand in line.
The General Secretary of ACHIK, Bernita Marak said that they are not against anyone but they want what they have expected.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle, under the leadership of its Secretary, Bah Glorious Swett, today met with the Sub Divisional Officer (SDO) of Pynursla District. to enter the Riwar area with test kits especially those coming from Shillong and other places adjacent to the Eastern Riwar.
Bah Hamar Lyngkhoi Vice Chairman KSKBUH said that if it affects the peace and order in the state, the government should take responsibility because it is the government that forces the leaders to fight against and commit illegal acts from time to time because it is the government. (government) first offending.
Change your life, by markhongpong! Enough! Kim doesn't say, “Tyrwa Money”.
The funeral service of Ma Kaman Laloo will be held on the 15th October 2020 from her mother's house in Loomkyrwiang, Jowai. .
He said that although the closure of the petrol pump will affect him and that the petrol pump is a busy place for petrol pumps, the drivers of the vehicles will suffer the consequences. On the other hand, the petrol pumps should support them in times of trouble.
At the start of the second half, Japan scored two goals, but later Belgium took the lead and beat Japan 3-2
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that no decision has been taken to appoint one of the two PDF MLAs as Minister of State. and the NPP recently.
He explained the cause of the destruction of forests, and the environmental problems that have caused global warming.
This too happens exactly and in the middle of the issue regarding the issue of corruption which most of the time when talking about this issue goes directly to the leaders of the people.
When asked whether the purpose of the group was to cancel the peace talks with the HNLC, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “I don't think so because as I told you we are still trying to confirm.
The High Level Scrutiny Committee headed by the Commissioner of Home Affairs, Bah EP Kharbhih, said that the case will continue. Speaking on the occasion, MF Qureshi, the lawyer of the suspended teachers, said that the suspension will be held tomorrow.
“According to a report in one of the state newspapers on 23rd March this year, a leader of a political party has explained that the reason why foreign health specialists have fled Meghalaya. it is because they cannot afford to buy land.
This book has been translated into writing through the solicitation of information from some of the elders of Lapalang.
The Kisan Morcha of the BJP has held a rally to mark the 3rd Farmer's Day. at the office of the party at Bivar Road on Monday.
In another incident, in Rynjah and Nongthymmai, stone throwing occurred during the night curfew.
Because not only the BJP has started criticizing the government but even the UDP has started criticizing the NPP and the NPP has now turned against the UDP with strong criticism.
“The Minister has made it clear that he will convene a meeting of State Ministers in the coming days and the State Government itself has a firm intention to introduce the Amendment before the next Session of the State Government. Parliament,” said Roy Kupar.
PDF MDCs including Process T Sawkmie, Mawlai MDC, James Sylliang and KHADC CEM Pynshngain N Syiem did not attend the meeting. On behalf of the ARPA, former CEM Adelbert Nongrum, Witting Mawsor, Pyniaid Sing Syiem and KSU and FKJGP leaders also attended the meeting.
They also traveled to Dhaka, Calcutta.
Jowai, Jymmang 28: The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in collaboration with the National Bank of Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has conducted a training course for the youth and parents in the field of mystery wood. days on Basic Carpentry or Mystery wood.
About 33 rice factories in Gondia district of Maharashtra have been illegally closed for the past three years as the rice supplied by them has been found to be of poor quality and unsafe. for the people to eat it, said the officers.
Speaking to media, after meeting with the Governor, he said that since last year he has sent a letter to express his opposition to the CAB. The Central Government has fought against the implementation of the CAB in those areas where there is an ILP Act, but in Meghalaya there is no ILP, but according to the Exemption on the Provision of Article 244 of the Constitution in paragraph 12 A (b) of the Sixth Schedule where the President may not issue orders that the laws of the Central Government shall not be implemented in areas where there is an ILP; However, in Meghalaya, even if we don't have the ILP, we can escape the implementation of the CAB because we don't have two members of Parliament who have been allocated as minorities.
After the nomination process, it was confirmed that up to 35 candidates from five constituencies will contest the MLA elections to be held on 27th June.
Having explained all of this now, we need action from political circles to bring about these changes so that we can be proud of ourselves before 2047 as citizens of a country that has the growth of the par.
The Deputy Commissioner, RM Kurbah, Magistrates, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S. Nongtnger and other police chiefs visited the scene.
There have also been public marches and other programs to explain to the public that this is a threat that can even kill people, but the people have not paid any attention to it. their need for tobaccos was greater than any other need.
However, at the same time, it also encourages the people to fight against these evils for the sake of the country and the nation, said the author of the book in his keynote address today.
Dr. GL Niang Dub-Divisional AH & Veterinary Officer Amlarem in his speech said that the celebration of World Milk Day has also commemorated Dr. Verghese Kurien who was one of the residents. Village of India who has worked hard body and soul to bring glory to the country which has been able to produce a lot of milk in the country.
As soon as the incident happened, the family members immediately informed the CHC Maweit and an ambulance was sent to take her to hospital.
I don't want to criticize the actions of the current MLA because the people themselves have witnessed,” said Pohthmi.
Panah also obeyed with joy.
These three candidates are Samlin Malngiang from Nongspung-Sohiong constituency, Banrikupar Wahlang from Laban-Mawprem constituency and Hubert Riang from Nongkrem constituency.
He said that the Assam government has not stopped any development works in the Khasi villages, which have received assistance from the state government, but it is surprising to see that the state government has not stopped any development works in the Khasi villages. However, it cannot do anything when Assam brings development projects in the Khasi villages. An example of this is the Football Ground brought by Assam in Umlaper.
Only invited people from media companies like BBC, Instagram, Facebook, YouTube and others will be present for the conference.
Wansuk's term as MP Rajya Sabha will end in June this year.
Dr EM Syiem added, "Through the training and training you teach how to be clean, not to spread plastic papers and take care of the environment will bring about many changes"
I want to move to this Italian village.
Athiabari is the main road used by the authorities to enter the state.
But only after that did he follow again in the heat of the sun.
Kumar, an IPS officer born in 1973, became the Governor of Nagaland in 2014 and previously the Governor of Manipur in
A song written by Ajit Saikia in collaboration with Bah Baïaineh Kharmulong who is also a teacher of Army Public School, Umroi was also played.
Jakhong: The government's negligence and negligence to clean up the PWD road from Mawkarah to Jakhong has caused many problems to the five villages passing through this road.
Even on the cross He was saying to His Father, Forgive them for they know not what they do.
He said, “Without the rain, I would not eat from the tree.
Therefore, let us look forward and surprise mankind to escape from the slowdown and we must not stop “where it is slow and slow and difficult to break its chain” and because time passes. run quickly to reach it so that we will not forget, turn away and break.
Speakers included Local MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, P Kynjing Daloi of Jowai District and lastly, Wh Womly Chyrmang, President of the Seiñ Kyntu Raij 12 Daloi, welcomed the guests.
If you don't have two or three thousand, you'll get another I giga hertz.
“We will try to fight hard to score three points in the match on Saturday,” said Bah Boby.
In fact, an MP is elected to speak in the Lok Sabha or Rajya Sabha.
It is sad to hear that our state still lacks many young people who have graduated from other positions where there are still jobs that people from the state cannot do. to come from outside the state which has created a loss of hope for the youth of the state.
Khliehriat, June 17: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, has announced that sections 144 CrPC have been imposed on the government. in several parts of East Jaintia Hills District.
Our funds have been increased by increasing the funds for the construction of a 7 floor house to relocate 342 households including metor drivers who are municipal employees and foreigners. right to be included in the joint transfer.
At the same time, the office of the District Sports Officer invites all those from West Jaintia Hills District who wish to participate in this competition. the winner of the prize money.
Through the strength of the youth of the country, the leaders of these parties have agreed to form a United Legislative Party and not to have anything to do with the Congress in any way. Golden Meghalaya said, “There was no youth government at that time including HS Shylla and Hamboy Shullai.
As it appears in one of the Karbi poems “Thong Nokbe Lake Teron” but Sajar Nangli did not meet him, then he turned to Raliang District and while on his way from Moothalasarmi to Raliang District he stayed for a while. These Moosiang and Mooknor are located on the road from Nangjrong to Mooriap. These Moosiang and Mooknor have been destroyed by the enemy in the past few years. but this place where the Moosiangs stood was called Mooknor.
The Publicity Secretary, Rgh.S.Sari has invited all the Presidents and Secretaries from various Sein Raij departments and the Dolloi from various Elaka.
The Ganol Hydro Project is a project of the Congress Government which has promised to provide uninterrupted electricity to the people, but the work does not meet the promises.
It was clarified that this allocation of names does not apply to non-State employees or religious leaders.
Shillong, Nailur 19 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday rejected the allegation by former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma that he (Conrad) has a relationship with a person arrested as A drug trafficker has been arrested in connection with the seizure of drugs worth Rs 7 crore in Mizoram.
Jaylynn M Marak, who also won the Player-of-the-Match award, took four wickets for five runs in four overs, while Smillin N Sangma took three wickets for nine runs. Urmilla A Sangma took 2 wickets for 2 runs for SGH. South West Khasi Hills will face Shillong CA in Group B of Zone 1 today (26.03.2022). 2 today will not be contested.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are two cases including one random test and one high risk contact.
It cannot be denied that the police of the state have worked hard and arrested many drug traffickers and users especially the police of East Khasi Hills through the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF).
Nongstoin, Lber 30: The two day District Level Industrial Exhibition was inaugurated by Bah E Lyngdoh MCS on Tuesday at New Nongstoin Playground. The event was held at the District Commerce & Industries Centre, Nongstoin.
“In this letter, the Seng expresses that the failure of the youth to write the examination in the State should be resolved immediately and the youth should be allowed to write the examination in Meghalaya,” said the letter to Dr. .Nalin Mehta.
Shillong Lajong Football Club have lost their first place in the Second Division League 2022-23 after losing 2-1 to United Sports Club on Tuesday.
He said that they had discussed the state of the State Budget and the Minister had given a sign of hope on her part.
They are also the second team to qualify for the semi-finals of the tournament, after Kharang SC. The match was held at the First Ground of the SSA Polo Stadium, Shillong.
Tomar was taken to Hauz Khas Police Station for further questioning.
The Minister said that this is a mistake that should not happen again in the future, as it is not the first time that such an act has happened. break the medicines, which should be used at the right time.
President Murmu will stay for one night in Tura and leave the next day.
Chairman of Meghalaya Youth Hostel Meghalaya, Bah ED Nongsiang, while speaking to reporters, said that the Youth Hostel Association of Meghalaya will hold this program titled Explore Mesmerizing Caving Trekking and Training Expedition 17th June
On the other hand, Khroo.
For Scheduled Caste, 135 males have contested and 90 have passed or 67.16 per cent, females have 161 candidates and 105 have passed or 65.22 per cent.
The presence of complete protein is used for body building and repair of diseases.
Dr. Nongkynrih also suggested that the Finance Minister should announce publicly the budget of the government, which has never happened in the state.
“If it is easy for the opposition leader to get these evidences, how can the government have enough equipment?” Dr Mukul said. “I don't know why not only the opposition but many of the people have expressed this, but this is still going on”.
Opposition Leader Debabrata Saikia (Cong) has written to the Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, saying that the decision is against the will of the people and demanded a special session to discuss the decision. details on this matter.
He said that police are still investigating into the allegation of smuggling of fuel from Assam.
From this speech of the MLA, it is understood that although Dr. Mukul Sangma will continue as Prime Minister and if he does not dismiss some of the government ministers, there has been a difference of opinion between them. He also named those who were on the side of Mukul Sangma and those who were against him.
Shillong, Naitung, 21: Young people with disabilities on Friday requested the State Government to set up at least one or two Government Inclusive Schools in the state similar to the Bethany Society. Laitumkhrah, Shillong so that children with disabilities can receive adequate education.
AICC Chairman Mukul Wasnik and Meghalaya Chief Minister CP Joshi have conducted two days of interviews with MLAs, MDCs, Congress office bearers, including youth and women. ask for their views on the situation and working methods of the party in the state.
He said that Bah Bindo was able to write this book because of his free time from the defeat of the election but his defeat is a blessing to receive this book.
Speaking at the VPP election campaign rally held at Mawlai Petrol Pump on Tuesday evening, Brightstarwell said the campaign to defame the NPP will start from Mawlai.
We also agree with the statement of the High Court because it is well founded and true.
Regarding these 8 trucks carrying illegal timber, the police after seizing them, will conduct a thorough investigation to find out who is involved and where these timber were obtained.
Ayoshee's first sales were shynrai in small bags that she was able to sell to family members, friends and colleagues.
The factory is owned by former MLA Nang Sati Mein and the kidnappers demanded T.3 crore.
This is the picture they were taking, just minutes before the bombing.
In addition, in the past, there was no procedure to inform the victims of complaints.
" In cleanliness there is beauty.
She said that the four suspended Congress MLAs including PT Sawkmie, PT Sawkmie, Mayralborn Syiem, Mohendro Rapsang and Kimfa S Marbaniang are sorry for not being invited to the meeting. was not held by the BJP in the area.
aided colleges/schools) may participate freely in political activities as they wish regardless of political affiliation.
At present, there are BSF troops guarding the border but it is not enough.
Meanwhile, in Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, the 75th Republic Day of India was celebrated at the Riangdo Village Stadium.
The Government of Meghalaya has not allowed the use of fertilizers.
The state and central governments need to work together and it is not enough for us to rely on the army all the time,” he said.
She urged the teachers to join hands with the government to improve the quality of education in the state, which has been outstanding in the past.
However, the dulir was completely destroyed today, in front of him and the Syiem of Raid Marwet, because it is not the owner of the state.
Shillong, March 03: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has asked Mairang MDC Equator L Nongrang to reply by 5th March on the basis of his support for the Executive Committee of the People's Democratic Forum (PDF). “He should respond by 5th March and if he doesn't, the party will sympathize with him,” said a UDP leader. Syiem said that the UDP is in the opposition in KHADC. However, some MDCs have received a lot of money that has not been released by the CEM while some have received it and some have received a little.
Shillong: The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy in collaboration with the Meghalaya Non-Conventional and Rural Energy Development Agency (MNREDA) has organized several lighting programs to mark the Environment Day.
During the inspection of the 100 bedded CHC Mawkyrwat, he had discussions with the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO), South West Khasi Hills District and other officers. He praised the implementation of schemes such as the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) which has been of great help and benefit to the patients.
Expressing his happiness to be appointed to this position, Pravir Kumar, Operations Director, Vodafone Idea, said, “Today we have been able to become 'We' or 'Mangi' for the children. and we are eager to continue this journey of collaboration for others as well.
Considering this incident and in relation to the influx that is happening these days, it can be suspected that the Dkhar who holds the book on his head when they have left the country has increased the share of the Khasi to Now that no matter what you do, you can't stop the illegal entry of the mynder.
The Working President of the CoRP, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, said that the company is against the fact that the company does not have adequate factory management facilities. to public health.
LNPC Secretary Ma Markos M Thaiang urged the people to be brave during the visit of the officers from Assam even if they are accompanied by armed police. expressed their desire to return to Meghalaya.
At each Polling Station, we will plant trees and those who will plant the trees will be the male and female voters who arrive first to vote at the Polling Stations,” he added.
He said that the Minister of Meghalaya has not been able to visit Meghalaya.
Here the citizens of society are born and by the grace of the Holy Spirit through Baptism are made children of God.
Therefore, regarding the availability of heavy vehicles to pass through the bridge, the HNYM leader urged the relevant authorities to take action and if they cannot take action, the HNYM will not hesitate to take action. by the own people, in order to stop those vehicles that carry over the border.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pynïaid said that the KSU has informed him regarding the central government's intention to amend the Sixth Schedule.
Speaking at the ceremony, Biang Siangshai, mother of Derestmon Siangshai, said that she has lost her beloved son.
“When the MDA was formed, sir Donkupar Roy, said that he would be most willing to serve as the Speaker and all of us from the MDA were glad that Mr.Donkupar Roy would be taking the position since he was one of the senior.
The Government of Assam instead of completing this task as requested by the two District Councils of Khasi & Jaintia Hills and Mikir Hills, has issued a letter No. TAD/REV/121/69 dated and stands to say that according to Section 3(i) of the Assam Reorganization (Meghalaya) Act 1969, Meghalaya no longer has the right to claim the land which has been separated from the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills. The order of Notification No.TAD/R/31/50/149 dated 13.4.1951 was replaced by Notification No.RSR/296/51/130 dated 5.11.1957 and letter No.TAD/GA/8 /50 dated 5.11.57 regarding the boundary of Jaintia Hills and Mikir Hills which has been agreed and approved by the two District Councils to be transferred from Mikir Hills Assam to Jaintia Hills Meghalaya.
According to Prof. HW Sten in his PhD thesis, this poem Ri Khasi (Khasi land) is one of the patriotic songs of the Khasi people.
Thank you a thousand times.
Police have recovered 17 bags of heroin and T.480 cash, said the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Sylvester Nongtnger in a statement. the media.
She said that many of those who suffer from bampong are those who use such alcoholic beverages or those who abuse drugs.
Shillong: Members of FASTOM today held a march.
Out of the 17 constituencies, five constituencies have already been elected by the UDP: Mawlai, Nongthymmai, West Shillong, Shella and Mairang.
The Under-16 Football Tournament organized by the Mawpynthaw Sports Social and Cultural Organization (MASA) has closed on the 8th June
The diseases of Egypt are terrible if a person does not repent, as happened to Pharaoh of old.
The meeting was conducted by the DC Eastern West Khasi Hills, Bah W.Nongsiej, A.Nongbri, ADC, Election Officer of the District, Sordars of Mawthadraishan Constituency, BLOs. and others responsible for the conduct of elections.
The Treilang Welfare Society in collaboration with the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association, will hold the 1st Shillong Para Arm Wrestling Championship, 2023 and the Shillong Arm Wrestling Open Championship 2023 on the 14th of March this year at Malki Stadium. , Shillong.
Kortlin Roy Thangkhiew, retired Registrar, Directorate of Fisheries and resident of Nongkseh Block-4, passed away on 13th September
He said that this year there was no light in the months of June and October.
“We are from the NPP, if we have 10 children, we will search if we find one. u jah, because it is the duty of the father to look for him, we don't care if there are only two of them,” he said.
“The operation of these schools and colleges has been disrupted due to the lack of Headmasters or Principals,” said Bah Chyne.
“This is not the time for political expediency.
Officers of the department immediately rushed to the scene and found that the 11 kV insulator pin was broken, which was connected to the channel of the post and siliang. on the ground.
The best goalkeeper was awarded to Aibormiki Suchiang.
“This festival will also spread the culture of the Khasi abroad,” said Bah Alan.
He was speaking after AICC General Secretary Jairam Ramesh said there is a close relationship between the TMC and the NPP, UDP and BJP. The TMC is the Team-C of the BJP in Meghalaya.
The theme of the meeting was “Harmonious Coordination between Legislature, Executive and Judiciary – Key to a Vibrant Democracy.
It is time for the experts to explain to the public through the media, this article is only a suggestion and encouragement to the experts to participate.
According to Faleiro, in this age of technology, theft can also happen.
“The presence of KSU offices in the border villages and outside the state has helped our fellow citizens to avoid being harassed by other ethnic groups,” said SS Niangti. Its departments are for the purpose of bringing unity among the youth and the villages.
Renik also urged the operators to provide fair and best service to the public and not to misuse this vehicle. which takes advantage of others who are against the society but should be conducted in a proper and ethical manner so that people will gain trust and will continue to grow in all activities.
On the one hand, the wilderness was a place where Jesus chose to prepare Himself for a great mission.
Russian special forces, or Russian Spetsnaz, are reportedly searching for the 44-year-old president.
“We have called this meeting of all 30 MDCs to discuss the outcome of the talks with the state government on this Bill,” said KHADC CEM Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
Staying at home is the best way to avoid the spread of the disease.
His body has not been found yet.
The family members said that the man was a good man with understanding and they did not believe that he would shoot himself.
Several government officials including Senior Scientist, KVK Jowai, Bah D.Paswet, District Project Manager, Basin Development, Bah Shiwel Lyngdoh, Asst.General Manager, NABARD, Bah Grevile Kharlukhi, Assistant Director of Agriculture Bah Marbiang Lamare, Subject Matter Specialist of KVK Jowai Dr Rimiki Suchiang, President Dr HH Mohrmen and Bah Lambormi Suchen who is Skill Development Officer of West Jaintia Hills.
All the injured have not been admitted to hospital, except Dijen Deka, who is undergoing treatment at Bethany Hospital, Shillong, for further treatment.
Three petrol pumps were robbed this month alone, one on Phramer-Shangpung road worth Rs 2.5 lakh and one at Dkhiah worth Rs 9 lakh.
Speaking to u SP West Khasi Hills, Goldenbert D Kharwanlang, he said that the journalist had robbed and demanded money from these people and police have registered a case against him. the investigation is ongoing.
There are people who don't want to eat or drink at all, and there are those who don't eat without stopping when they are affected by this disease.
On the government's decision to set up BOPs in these border areas, he said it should be commended but the government needs to take immediate action before the Election Commission announces the elections in the state. and if government is serious, action needs to be taken to ensure this commitment.
The Alabama Law Enforcement Agency (ALEA) has identified the suspects as Ty Reik McCullough, 17, and Travis McCullough, 16, and charged them with 4 years in prison. twenty criteria of murder.
One of the issues raised by US scientists is that they will inhale more aerosols into the stratosphere and this will prevent the sun's heat from burning the earth; while another idea is to throw a lot of clouds into the sea, in order for it to rise higher or to reduce the appearance of many small clouds in the sky, because these cannot stop the sea. the light of the sun.
Because as we have seen, North Korea has launched more missiles this year, including the attempt to launch its most powerful missiles and last month, North Korea Attempts have also been made to install spy satellites into its orbit.
When asked about the work he has done in the last 20 years as an MLA, he said, “I cannot count because there are too many even if I write in a book, it is too much volume and the people of the area have witnessed this. however, there are also unfinished businesses that I will focus on over the next five years," he said.
JOWAI: The All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union (AMU) has received training on how to deposit money in banks and donate items to their children during the training on the Mid Day Meal Scheme. Scheme and Saving Bank Account held at Loompyrdi, Jowai on Tuesday.
Many of the residents who have been going to the bank for two or three days to stand in line for money have to return home empty-handed. crane bitar one old man.
Mount Mawthadraishan is the highest mountain in West Khasi Hills and the second highest mountain in Khasi Jaintia. the time of harvest is not good in heaven.
Here I would like to clarify through this newspaper that we are fortunate to have a Prime Minister like Narendra Modi who is wise, intelligent and visionary for the future of India.
Hmprol (medicine) 1 2 . 0 0.500 0.032.
He said that many of the people in the area are dependent on agriculture and as the road is the source of development many of the people face difficulties even in transporting their produce to the country. They also requested the Government to take action to implement schemes and improve the road to make it easier for the people to travel.
“In fact, we are strong in both the seats, we have decided to strengthen the party by going to the people from the ground up,” he said.
Other sources said that St Edmunds' College, today, held a memorial service for Rev Thomas Jones.
Faleiro is a Christian who belongs to the Catholic Church.
Fr.Debasis, one of the Archbishops of the Catholic Church at the age of 91, who was the founder of the religion through the Holy Mass, also took part in the Easter celebration. The Parish Priest of Nongpoh, Fr.Peter Syiemlieh, religious leaders and Christians from all over the villages of Nongpoh Parish.
He said that the introduction of 500 and 1000 notes has affected the people of the North East as many villages and people do not have bank accounts.
Referring to various festivals where the government spends lakhs and crores to invite foreign singers and dancers, he asked why the government has blinded its own children within the country. in the state of Meghalaya.
The Khasi has the power of thought and the belief that he came to this world to earn the right. Other religions also believe in this.
He said that he is ready to take on any responsibilities that the party will assign to the party authorities, as soon as he joins the party.
"Isn't it because of knowledge and vision of others that many Khasi households today have been covered with Tin or Dewbilat (foreign soil) instead of Skum u Traw? the Family, but also in the Family – instead of the Father staying in the Family to look after the Brothers and Sisters, he doesn't like it anymore, he creates a Family which includes the Father, the Mother and the Children. .
Bah Lyngdoh said that if he is elected as the leader of the District Council, his main objective is to advocate for the passage of a law to curb this form of marriage which affects the community. reduce payment.
Inside the throne was sitting the high priest.
Regarding the death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah, the JNC leader said, “The mother of Woh Kiang Nangbah is Rimai Nangbah and it is not understood that since ancient times it has been taught that the jait At the same time, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh said that the party strongly opposes the government's plan to “We don't need a railway line, even if we drive to Assam. “We need security measures and other measures to improve the development of the economy,” said the Chief Minister, Bah Kyrmen Shylla. “If the railway comes, it will benefit only those from abroad,” he said. “If the railway comes, it will benefit only those from abroad. God has blessed us with mountains, rivers, natural resources but it is sad to say that this has brought benefits only to those who have The UDP has made it clear that it is ready to accept the railway line as it is the only railway line that carries goods. “As a leader, I urge the members as well as the people to consider carefully this proposal of the government lest it bring about trouble in the future, lest we become like the coke factories because in the future Coke, Sengbhalang have stood against but the people have not supported and the people have been misled here and there, but it is only when they have faced problems with the production of dirty smoke, dirty air that they “I hope that in this plan of the government to build a railway line, the people will be surprised and we send a clear message to the government that the JNC itself strongly opposes the railway line. Railway, as leaders and members we are ready to stand up and we are ready to fight for the happiness of the future generation. They included Vice President Nangjan Dkhar, Ency Shadap, General Secretary, Wanshwa Suting, Publicity Secretary, Mebanteilang Sukhlian and others.
Under the PMAY (U) scheme, it has also been ensured that the woman should be the owner of the house, or should be a co-owner, in the construction of the poor house.
“The Committee therefore recommends to issue a directive to the Deputy Commissioners (DCs) of East Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills to confirm the closure of 19 coke factories. Justice (Retd) BP Katakey said in the interim report that the Member Secretary, MSPCB has issued a letter dated 02/02/2024 until they receive the CTOs. they were not brought to the judgment seat.
He said that this was found by the Management Committee of the school.
The hard work of Prime Minister Duh to harness the power of the youth in India continues to be evident in everything he has undertaken.
This shows that those whom we have elected to rule do not care about nature and what happens to it.
Nongpoh: The MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sohthenes Sohtun, today held a meeting with the village leaders of the villages from Lailad to Umrit. who live in these villages.
This special session runs from November 18 to 22, 2023.
“The passing away of Archbishop Jala is a loss to the churches and the people of the state as a whole,” he said.
Therefore, we must have a change in this way of giving birth, so that the nation can grow.
"We expect the state to agree to hold the festival in November," said Prof Sahoo.
They are residents of Nokrianala village under Dangar Police Out Post.
This will also be the first match to be played at the Shillong Sports Association Stadium on the First Ground after being cleaned with plastic.
They (Defence) promised to provide information on the history of the area and the work done by the office.
Nongpoh, Naitung 10: With deep concern over the rude behavior of passengers who throw garbage and liquor bottles under the Flyover Bridge in Umïam, the Pyllun Village together with the Longkmie Seng and HITO Umïam Area. District today to clean up the garbage and also to collect the bottles of kyiad spread by the tourists in the area.
NO ENTRY from Jrisalain Junction, Chutwakhu Road, Chilliang Raij, (Ummakah/Aitnar Jn), Riat ïongpiah – Aitnar, Loomïongkjam Jn-Aitnar, Umshangiar Jn (Khimusniang), Chiliang Raj Road, Chilliang Raij (Ummakah Jahn Road), Airtnong , Panaliar (Old Civil Road), Dulong-ïongpiah Internal Road, Dulong (Kdohhati), ïongpiah Road.
Please answer your questions.
On the other hand, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkhrang, said that the robbers released these people after receiving information that the police were aware of this. They raided the area in collaboration with the Assam Police.
Earlier, the Minister congratulated the founders of the Society for the difficult journeys in the past 32 years but they did not lose heart but continued to fight until they became like the Society. long now.
He said that the advantage of this method of feeding pigs is that the farmers have more time and save money to buy wood as they no longer have to cook their pig feed.
The Governor also congratulated the university for having its own campus which is currently in the preparation for the construction of the university. stand as a light that shineth in the places round about it.
Shillong, Nailur 21: U CEM of KHADC, Bah Titos Chyne on Tuesday said that the council will stand by the land owners and the Chief Executive Members who will run the railway line if it is dug.
In reply, Khalsa Warriors managed to score 132 runs for the loss of six wickets in 23.3 overs.
Meghalaya won the match and started playing well in the afternoon after winning the toss and elected to bat first.
Israel can be said to be a light to the world.
This is similar to England, Scotland and Wales called British.
In relation to those over 80 years of age, those with disabilities and those infected with Covid-19, the Election Commission has arranged Postal Ballots to encourage the participation of more voters. vote.
“On the MDC election, the party has convened a meeting of the Executive Committee and set up an Election Committee to look after the candidates who have applied for tickets from different constituencies,” said Bah James.
Wanteibok Lyngdoh President Hynniewtrep People (HHP) also prays that God will bless and be with the families of those who have lost their loved ones in this incident. Social Organization West Khasi Hills.
Believers from other states of India and overseas came to celebrate the day.
Even in the northern countries, the demand is to cover about 43 percent of the forests and in the countryside 70 percent.
Aston Villa have rejected a bid from Champions League finalists Inter Milan for Emiliano Martinez.
In an order issued on 18th June, 2023, the Chairman of the Meghalaya Lokayukta, Bah B Dhar, has ordered the Director of Prosecution to hand over the case record to the Public Prosecutor of West Garo Hills, Tura for trial. The Special Court in West Garo Hills, Tura against 13 persons charged under Sections 7 and 12 of the Prevention of Corruption Act,
In Germany, 394 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases to 182,764, according to the Robert Koch Institute (RKI).
How did Jesus respond? And he fell on the ground, and wrote with his fingers. And when he was risen, he said unto them, He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her.
The meeting decided to send MPCC President DD Lapang to Delhi to meet with MPCC President Sonia Gandhi and to leave tomorrow. .
The dispute over the border between Assam and Meghalaya is only an act of violence and an attempt to force justice, but the acquisition of Meghalaya's own state comes on the basis of, which means that the ethnic groups shall fall within the boundaries of that State and if so, the origin is not only the laws, but also the thymmei, which did not exist and which we had to dig for, between 1947 and onwards, until the establishment of Meghalaya.
The Achik Organization for Social Welfare (AOSW) has said that up to 160 people have fallen ill after returning home from the funeral after eating. they didn't give him a fish.
“I am confident that our boys and girls will be able to maintain the title of champions in various sports.
On the other hand, Bah Macmillan Kharbani in his speech explained that the party's purpose of organizing this tournament is to bring harmony among the youth of the area and to promote football for the youth.
Shillong, July 10: Following the arrest of Mawhati MLA Julius Dorphang, the East Khasi Hills Police today called a meeting with the Mawhati MLA Julius Dorphang. The owners of hotels in Shillong under the jurisdiction of the Sadar Police Station and at this meeting the police urged the owners of hotels not to allow sexual intercourse inside their hotels.
The state cricket team concluded its Vijay Hazare Trophy tournament in Kolkata today by beating Sikkim by 59 runs with the support of Sylvester Mylliempdah. the rangtied and ball of the team.
According to a statement issued by the DIPR, it is expected that some parts of the state may receive heavy rain along with thunderstorms.
Assam has so far reported 12,522 cases of COVID-19 and 4,623 of them are undergoing treatment.
He said that the purpose of changing the Executive Committee in these days is only to ensure the smooth running of the work of the Garo District Council.
“The driving of thurmur vehicles has caused the loss of precious lives, not only to the drivers, but also to the passengers,” said Bah C.Syrti.
in) and also on (www.mbose.
as a candidate who has accepted and nominated herself voluntarily to become an MP, and if the people are able to elect her and she does not want to reveal the strategy now.
“The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has set 11 conditions for its full entry into the National People's Party (NPP) including the demand for the implementation of the Roster System prospectively and the issuance of the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
The house celebrated its 10th anniversary on the 19th of this month.
Although Rising beat Wahingdoh by 19 points and Nongrim Hills came second, they lost to the SPL. it won it 3-1 in the previous match.
On the other hand, the union through Chanky Shylla, General Secretary Ladrymbai Unit and Samla Kyrshan Dkhar, President Khliehriat Town Unit, have suggested to the Traffic Cell to curb the traffic jam in the area. District Headquarters and Ladrymbai Market has issued an Advisory Lane Order to remove empty trucks from the Ladrymbai Bypass PWD to avoid the morning traffic jam in Ladrymbai and Khliehriat. to the public and school children and especially to the Fire Brigade and Ambulance vehicles carrying the city from one place to another which can cause a tragic incident if they get stuck in a traffic jam.
I request the authorities to verify whether the people living in Myiong of Mawsohmad have received the ration as written on facebook.
Ghosh said that the milk of Indian cows is mixed with gold and thus the color of the picture from Indian cows is stem.
On the second day of the tournament, Chiehruphi, Iapmala and Umlyngsha won.
This is according to the figures released by the Secretariat.
At this time, the party prays that the Creator will grant peace to the family and all the family members.
“The MLAs, office bearers and members of the executive committee of the party will have to complete a walk of about 150 km within these three months. km or 10 km to explain the schemes of the central government to about 6 villages per day.
He said Erdogan is still pursuing Ankara's desire to buy US F-16 fighter jets, but Biden has urged Ankara to withdraw. Speaking on the occasion, Biden said NATO is a very strong organization despite Russia's attempts to divide Sweden's accession to NATO. its members, by invading Ukraine.
According to the video, the driver of the arshaka has turned around, in some cases he has almost reached the side of the road and almost hit the neighboring arshaka.
Speeches were delivered by all the office bearers of the District and the meeting was conducted by Cresene Ksoo and confirmed by the General Secretary of the party. Thadmuthlong Area President Damewanpyntngen Suchiang, Vice President Deimonjurlangki Lyngdoh, General Secretary Lasmi Suchiang and 50 Executive Members.
However, when the question came up, the MLA chose to leave the House.
Birbor Riangtem, Secretary, Nonglang Sirdarship, in his speech, said that the problems arising from the agreement between the two Prime Ministers on the social boundary settlement between Meghalaya and Assam, the District Council, the Hima Governors and the Rangbah Shnongs have not been included in the Regional Committee on Border Dispute. social.
Speaking to reporters, he said that many of the people in the city don't know how to turn off the electricity and often don't remember to turn off the electricity. When they have finished working or when they have finished cleaning, they leave it all day for that reason their bill may increase. bill this month is that the department has introduced a new system called SAP and now it has introduced a spot billing machine. The meter is not available because the previous method of distributing the bill was to count the bill at the office after checking the meter. Use a spot billing machine to bring a bill for two months or up to 65-70 days.
According to a statement sent by the HR department of MCL, the two who have been dismissed are Arun Kejriwal and Umesh Kumar.
This will affect the poor to buy essential items that are not ready to leave.
Nongpoh, Nailar 28: The Central Agricultural University, Imphal, Manipur in collaboration with NAHEP, ICAR, New Delhi today launched a special training program on Natural Farming. The competition will end on 10th November 2023 at the College of Agriculture, Kyrdemkulai, Ri Bhoi District.
The tournament was concluded in the presence of RBYF Sengkmie Publicity, Bah Bawantippor Marwein, Sports Secretary of RBYF Sengkmie and other dignitaries. of the area.
The CEM of KHADC said that once the Clan Bills are passed, the Kurs should have their own Kur Organizations and the KHADC will issue a directive to do so. This is for the purpose of strengthening the kurs, in each kur by working together.
Best regards,Stephen Moal.
After investigation into the case, police found that the man had been murdered. They also arrested the man allegedly involved in the murder. The arrested person was identified as Welborn Sohtun (22) son of Lt Sylverius Kharnaior of Langkyrding, Shillong.
Deepak also urged the children to work harder and harder after receiving the training he has given them and said that if they need his help in any way. “I don't want anything from them but I want these children to show up and become skilled in sailing in the State,” said Deepak. Dew Lynnong Nongkhnum said that in his journey around the world Nongkhnum is one of the most suitable places for kayaking and rafting. The children who have been trained have demonstrated their skills in Kyaking and River Rafting.
“The KHADC has already sent its recommendation on the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution to the State Government in
Earlier, on 2nd June 2021, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the state government in a review meeting has decided to strengthen the rules and regulations. It was reported that in relation to places of worship, people have been forced to attend churches to 75%.
Different groups from the North Eastern States attended the celebration.
If we look at the past, during the time of the French invasion of Ri Khasi, the Khasi elders at that time established the Khasi National Dorbar. in the Khasi language.
HNPF President R Ranee said that the PDF's forced passage of the bill is unacceptable.
Without prejudice, the objective of the committee is to clarify certain aspects of the existing reservation policy, to ensure that it continues to promote social equality and equal opportunities for residents of the state.
Shillong MP Vincent Pala said that PA Sangma is a great politician.
Felicia Liam from Demthring, West Jañtia said, “Childbirth or premature birth is very common in the rural areas as well as alcoholism so this program has given me a lot of advice.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla has launched the first online market in Jaintia Hills to help local entrepreneurs to improve their income.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya government is in talks with the Finance Department of the Meghalaya government to find ways and means for the payment of salaries. 'online' for state government employees.
Furthermore, the union urges the paradoh parasnam to be prepared if such attacks happen again.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10 : The Department of Arts and Culture together with the Shillong Public School, on Friday held a State Level Inter-School Traditional Singing. Festival & Competition at Lariti Performing Centre, Mawdiangdiang.
The funeral service will be held on Monday 2/08/2021 at 1:00 pm at the Presbyterian Church Cemetery.
The amount of T.7,81,200 will be deposited in the bank in the form of a fixed deposit (FD) in the name of those who are eligible for the assistance and the monthly payment will be paid to Those who are eligible for assistance will be paid until they reach the age of 24 years and when they reach the age of 24 years, the amount will be paid in full to these children.
On the same day, the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma will announce the opening of the Civil Sub-Division Pynursla and the Sub-Division will start operating from the same day.
“For 50 years we have had our own State and we have held full Khaddar rule, but we don't see and we can't say that there is no progress but decline of the State,” he said. Lambokstar Marngar, President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) told reporters.
The Administrative Building to be constructed of NEIAH, with an area of ​​3160 SqM, will have one building (G+3) with two floors at the bottom, including one hall.
Arunachal scored 45 runs and 50 runs for the loss of three and seven wickets respectively.
Hek said the Union Minister has accepted the request and said that he needs to look into some of the requirements.
The market, which the government wants to turn into Times Square in the United States, has been handed over to the National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) to build.
Meghalaya doesn't know how much it will grow because the north of Bangladesh is growing.
She said that if the government builds a film city, the filmmakers can shoot in this area if they need courts, prisons, colleges, markets, roads, trains airplanes.
He was found to be one of the suspects in the case.
It may be recalled that there was a clash between Assam and Nagaland on the border of Jorhat, after Nagaland police set up a camp at Disou, Mariani.
Therefore, these three unions demand that the DMR department should clarify on this issue. The union leaders request the government to allow the people to renew their challans. , as in the past so that there will be no disruption in the transportation of coal from today 17.05.2019 to 31.05.2019, at the same time the three organizations urge the Chief Secretary of the State Government The Director of DMR should take immediate action, otherwise the three organizations will lodge a PIL in the Supreme Court of India.
Mutdur if the government collects only 50 paise per 1kg of jhur, how much will it earn per year.
When there are opportunities, they should be used more during this time of pandemic which has confused everyone.
AB Minacs and also the General Manager of NABARD, Shillong.
The Education Secretary of the union, Samla L.Khardewsaw, recalled that the ITI has been providing services for many years in the district, but it has been serving the youth by using the building until now.
Shillong, November 15: The Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V.Lyngdoh on Friday urged the State Government to ensure that no opportunists should disrupt the construction of the Shillong-Shuldha Road. Dawki which includes the construction of the four-lane road from Umshyrpi to 7 Mer, Upper Shillong.
Celebrating the 7th Anniversary of the scheme, Union Minister of Finance & Corporate Affairs Nirmala Sitharaman said, “It is a great achievement that it has been opened. 34.42 crore loan accounts worth T.18.60 lakh crore under the scheme for the start-up of new businesses.
In the case of buyers or sellers of land within the boundary of the Village, they shall first notify the Dorbar Shnong and the Dostabit of the sale and purchase shall be written by the Shnong.
Johnson's® Baby, a company that produces baby skin care products, has seen far ahead the desire of parents to care for and provide their babies with good skin health and others. Their dedication to their children, through the recent public meeting, 'Promise, pehle pal se'
CLP leader Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh has lodged a complaint against 10 MLAs who have defected from the Congress party and joined the TMC within the 10th. Schedule of the Constitution and Rule 6 of the Members of Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Rules,
U H.Passah – 7005217560 (Secretary, Tournament Committee).
The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) led by Teinwell Dkhar has 16 MDCs and the United Democratic Forum (UDA) led by Teinwell Dkhar has 16 MDCs. The UDF led by Latiplang Kharkongor has 12 MDCs without the Chairman of the KHADC, PN Syiem.
“We cannot take sting from this statement of his, and it is necessary for our fellow countrymen to be vigilant and vigilant and not to be misled by this unfounded statement and I don't know why you're an RSS leader.
The Outlook Traveler Awards are responsible for the quality and availability of places to be selected annually for various awards.
The event was attended by Dipul Ryntathiang, Vice President of the Meghalaya Cricket Association as the Chief Guest, Cornelius Laloo as the Chief Guest, Francis Nigam, OC Patharkhmah Police Outpost, Remdor Nongtri. and many of the elders of the area.
Rovibi (medicine)        0.020                           0.020 .                          1 0      0.250
In the coalition governments in the past years, he has faced many challenges due to the change of government which has affected the state. The government is doing more,” said Dr Mukul.
However, Manchester City's players were determined to score three points and it was in the 88th minute that Rodri scored the winning goal.
In the second leg, NEHU Shillong beat Phukan Memorial College, Dalu, WGH 5-1. JJM beat NEIGRIHMS 9-0 Riwar beat Shillong Law College 5-1 and St. Edmund's College beat Nongtalang College 3-0
Furthermore, these fish vendors have also decided to sell and manage the fish produced from this state and neighboring states which has been confirmed that there is no pesticide.
The Sein Raij Jowai, this year, has organized this festival under the theme, 'In the tyrpeiñ of the tympha of Bei Rymaw, in the hands of the old man, the ksoh and the wyrchaw'
On the closing day of the programme, a short meeting was held at Pheinam Beach which is also the land of the Iawren and Iawlar Kurs. In the presence of the chief guest, Bah PB War Nongbri DSO of WKHD Nongstoiñ, Secretary of NALIVCS Bah S. Marthong, Village Leaders of these three villages, trained youth and others.
While inquiring about the incident, Rupang has spoken face to face with four elders from these churches.
According to SDPO Bah Ian Swer, Pynursla Police Station was conducting a patrol on vehicles when suddenly the truck driven by Wanhunlang Kharbudon, 35, of Siatbakon village collided with another vehicle. The vehicle was found at Wah Umlein near Tangmang village and the driver of the vehicle fled the scene. .
On this occasion, the Union met with the Medical Superintendent (MS) of the hospital, Dr.E.War in the presence of other doctors to learn about the shortcomings of the government hospital.
On the same day, the TMC Mawkyrwat Block has welcomed Bah Diverland Lyngdoh as a full supporter of the party from today in the presence of the supporters.
Throughout the year and in the evening, after the cows have been kept at home, they spend a few minutes preparing the books as directed by the teachers.
“The government will sit down to talk to the people involved and find ways and means to bring in a freight railway and not a passenger railway in the state,” he said. .
It is true and in fact I feel sorry to say that it is not b we have to choose and if he says so we have to be vigilant and I encourage you leaders to stand firm not to back down. when I heard the words of Ma Vincent.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 1,133 of which 723 cases are from East Khasi Hills including 267 cases from Armed Forces and 456 cases from civilians in West Khasi Hills. 44 cases, 1 case from South West Khasi Hills, 94 cases from Ri-Bhoi, 26 cases from Armed Forces and 68 cases from Others. cases from Armed Forces and 77 cases from civilians, 4 cases from South West Garo Hills, 12 cases from South Garo Hills of which 10 cases are from Armed Forces and 2 cases from civilians, 3 cases from East Garo Hills, 12 cases from North Garo Hills. There are 7 cases in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in Ri-Bhoi, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 3 cases in East Khasi Hills.
It is believed that according to the ANVC map, more than 200 villages in the Khasi Hills will go to Garoland.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the KSU Western Border Area, led by Samla Receive Pator, President, Samla Lumjingshai Syngkli and others, today met with Dr.M Mawrie, DMHO of Ri Bhoi District, to urge the DMHO not to accept the proposal by the village of Nongsier. Regarding the meeting with the DMHO, the KSU leaders also sent a letter, which is a demand from the health authorities that they should not The Longkmie should be dismissed, but should be placed at the place where she works as an ASHA in Nongsier village, which is one of the rural villages in Jirang area of ​​Ri Bhoi.
Proverbs 4:20-25.
“There are many investigating agencies like the NIA and the CBI which have investigated independently,” he said.
The ceremony was attended by the Wahadar of Shella Confederation, Swami Maharaj of Ramkrishna Mission Sohra, Presidents, Secretaries, Rangbah and women from near and far.
The UDP also alleged that the Minister of Urban Affairs is a person who has many bad records before the law as a teacher.
Police in East Jaintia Hills on Tuesday arrested two persons with heroin weighing 21 grams and 1.03 grams.
“On ensuring that only those who have been vaccinated and are 18 years of age or older, the government at the state level has empowered the Deputy Commissioners in relation to various clubs. The DCs will send applications and the DCs will meet with the people involved”.
The HSPDP leader said that the government's introduction of the bill has deprived the HSPDP of two MDCs. It is worth mentioning that as soon as the bill was passed by the House, The HSPDP MDC from Nongkrem Constituency, Ardent M Basaiawmoit, has resigned from the post of MDC from Nongkrem Constituency. Shillong, July 5: Youths of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) on Saturday held a protest against the UDP MDCs. Congress Bhawan in Tura for the increase in the price of petrol by T.4.47 per liter and diesel by T.6.46 per liter in the past six months.
“This congratulation is because this road is what I have already done,” said Bah Banteidor.
The actress, who has been married many times, still feels very sad when she thinks about her desire to marry Dwayne.
He reminded that his decision on the 19th will be his, not the decision of the people, but he respects the power of the people.
“We have already handed over a thorough investigation to the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry of Home Affairs has directed us to provide the documents and evidence on this allegation,” said Dr Bishnoi.
“The 108 service has experienced many things in the past few days and therefore I will not allow any interference as the government regarding this decision.
When this is the case, we understand only one thing, that this incident has destroyed the income, livelihood, wealth of the people of Ri Khasi and of Shillong as a whole, because When shops are closed, it means income and when homes are closed, it means illness, poverty or death and this has now affected tens of thousands of people. , who have experienced these problems that have affected the citizens, in the name of corona.
In the article, there may be two or more verses according to the writers' choice, and if there are six or more verses, the article in the article will be complete and the authors will immediately give a special name. in English 'Title'
Therefore, the two lessons we have learned from the incident in Jowai is to rethink how we manage our waste and the second is that the time has come for urban areas to have waste management. that work sor.
Suting drowned in the pond while she was trying to go to the pond but she fell into the pond.
The committee has already repaired the roof of the school which has been damaged for a long time and the committee will continue to improve and repair the school and replace the damaged tins of houses besides building benches, tables, blackboard and others.
The invisible sin is only God in whom it cannot be hidden, whether it is obvious or hidden in the individual life.
The three candidates are Sherbor Mawlong from Nongspung-Sohiong, K Warjri from Mawphlang-Diengiei and Gilbert Laloo from Mylliem constituency.
The Trinamool Congress, which won three seats, has two new seats, including Rupa M Marak from Dadenggre and Mizanur Rahman Kazi from Rajabala constituency.
In the second half, Mupyot scored the first goal for Lasol Pohshna in the 12th minute.
“I will not explain who will be the full DGP of the state, but the department has taken action to expedite this process,” he said.
Om Birla, MP of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from Rajasthan, was elected as the Speaker of the 17th Lok Sabha today.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that the government has decided not to allow people to sell land. .
When speaking to others, we must remember not to speak too much and not to be too slow in our duties in order to gain knowledge.
“The demand for forgiveness also came after a meeting with the Home Ministry and the two Governments.
When they could not see the girl, they informed the Fire and Emergency Service, Byrnihat Station, who recovered the body of the girl after half an hour and she died.
I will not be surprised and I will not be able to laugh if it reaches the point where the NPP will no longer be able to withdraw or expel the UDP from the MDA 2.0 Government.
In another incident, Tura Women PS on 22nd June, 2016, received a complaint that a man named Arindam Das had raped a child. on January 16,
As all G20 members have established space agencies and industries, the country should also look forward to cooperation, he said.
Shillong, November 20: The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) has decided to cancel the rally scheduled to be held tomorrow on the 21st of this month. The government has released the two month salary for the months of November and April in addition to the 10 month salary released earlier. of the month of April that remains now two full months, that of November and November.
The NPP candidate also accused the HSPDP and Congress of not being able to resolve the border issue under their leadership. Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Tonington Tyrsa said that the incidents in the border areas have caused a stir for the purpose of settlement of the border. He said that he has joined the UDP party for four or five months but after the time came that the term of office of the MDCs has ended, the party has allowed him to contest this election. Without any hesitation, he agreed to carry the lyngkor.
Is there any barrier for Muslims to apply for Indian citizenship?Yes.
Kerala on 31st November 2019 was the first state in India to pass a resolution in the Legislative Assembly not to implement the CAA 2019 in the state.
On the other hand, the three organizations led by the Center Doloi President of FKJGP, Bah Receive Pator President of KSU Western Border Area and Samla Rishan Nongtri President of RBYF Patharkhmah Circle today also met with the Officer In. charge the Patharkhmah Police Station that the police should take action to search and arrest the robbers involved in this case. runar is not involved in this work.
For friends who are not in the Christian faith, the prophets were the functioning group of the ancient Kingdom of Israel.
This is not the case in other northern Dkhars or rural Dkhars, where here in Shillong or Meghalaya other women from the northern Dkhars do not have the right to marry Khasi women.
We cannot blame anyone for the mistakes of anyone or just for the mistakes of one person.
Section 144 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) has also been imposed prohibiting the gathering of four persons in the same place in South and East Garo Hills.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, other NPP leaders including Working President Samford B. Sangma, CEM of GHADC Dipul Marak, Chairman of GHADC Denang T. Sangma and the candidate of GHADC. Ferlin CA Sangma's cell phone.
In order to prevent such acts which affect the indigenous people of the state and so that they can get the same opportunity, Bah Marngar said that the Seng urges that in the coming days and years. The BJP Meghalaya on November 21, 2013, has strongly condemned the recruitment and propaganda of TMC MP Kalyan Banerjee against NEIGRIHMS. While Kalyan was following the Vice President, Rahul Gandhi was criticizing him for his internal affairs.
Nongpoh, July 19: The Ultimate Legend Biker's Association, Nongpoh Circle on Saturday donated blood in collaboration with Ai Jingim Voluntary Blood Donors. and the Blood Bank Nongpoh, which is also part of the celebration of World Blood Donors' Day.
The reason for all this is that in Assam, foreigners from Bangladesh, Nepal, Myanmar and other neighboring countries have been involved in the NRC. Assam, which has been affected by this flood since ancient times.
It should take into account the basis of Article
“In April-June, 2022, I personally went to Delhi and met with the Secretary of the Ministry and we discussed thoroughly on this project and it was decided to call another tender.
In the name of the mother tribe, they became the Khasi tribe.
The SEBA Circle on Friday distributed food items to 30 households in Lakadong Ummat village, East Jaintia Hills District.
It is gratifying that one of the days set by the ancients, the Sunday of God, is still the day on which the churchgoers, the rich and the poor go to church.
The Leader of the Opposition, Bah PN Syiem, supported the motion by Bah Jan, who said that the lack of clarity on the boundary between the villages and the Hima has caused problems. He said that these border disputes have also caused water disputes, which have affected the income of the people.
If we are not quick to unite in all fields, we will not be able to bring about great changes in the nation.
Conrad K Sangma, who will be sworn in tomorrow, said that tomorrow will be a memorable day in the history of the state as it is the first time that the Prime Minister of the country will come to witness. and to attend the swearing-in ceremony of the Prime Minister and Government Ministers.
He said that the non-release of the funds for the purchase of equipment has stopped all development works in the entire Ri-Bhoi district.
Perhaps this action of the KHADC may be due to the interference of foreign forces with the aim of destroying the unity of the Hynniewtrep people.
In the second half, Hynniewtrep FC played hard and had several chances but couldn't stand against the ARC players. L. Robert in the 59th minute and N Rakesh in the 59th minute scored two more goals for ARC. 75th.
Similarly, 64 World Cup players have been questioned in this regard and also the lack of time in terms of preparation and to recover the time they have lost and all that is improving. furthermore the health risk which is the most important issue for athletes.
US President Donald Trump has said China will be responsible for the coronavirus, which has killed 4.56 lakh people worldwide and 1.22 lakh more. people in the United States.
Secondly, the incident was caused by the theft of timber by the Khasi-Pnars from Karbi Anglong, Assam.
“We are still receiving the payment for the months of June, June, July and the remaining months of November, April and November have not been paid yet.
Nongstoiñ: The Superintendent of Police (SGP) of West Khasi Hills, Bah HG Lyngdoh, on Tuesday morning, on Tuesday morning at about 6 pm, a man identified as Dondor Marngar from Kyllonmathei village. Shallang Police Station has found a body of a man in his fish pond at Kyllonmathei.
Shillong, October 21: The Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhar (MPC) has scheduled to hold a discussion on the Aadhar Bill and Human Rights on the 29th of this month at the Khasi National Durbar Hall. 11am in the morning.
Women and men took part in the Shad Suk Mynsiem in the presence of many spectators from all over the country.
The Prime Minister said that the government will also consider whether this decision will be balanced between the health and income of the residents.
This young man is a hard worker whether in his own work or in the work of the kingdom.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the jhur vendors said that the price of sohsaw which has increased by 30-40 per kilo has increased slightly.
This alliance in the District Council may be a sign that the Congress will also join hands with the NPP in the state government.
There is no such thing as a Muslim Muslim's soul.
Jowai, Jymmang 03: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today honored Teimiki Sungoh from Shangpung village who came first in the Advance Mountaineering Courses at the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute Darjeeling.
“Don't turn it into a racially discriminatory war”.
Speaking to the teachers, Samla Mayborn said that although the FASTOM leaders do not agree with the government's decision, “we can say that we have succeeded in many areas because it is through This is our struggle so that even the hard hearted government will yield to our demands, we have been able to get the cooperation and trust that is more than the price of money and salary and with this struggle we are confident “There will be a major change in the education sector in the state in the coming years and for this reason we have decided to end the protests,” said Samla Mayborn.
Jowai, March 20: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Tuesday at the U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy. Kiang Stadium, North Jowai.
He said he did not want to comment on the activities of other private universities.
Besides, the CEM of KHADC said that the three ADCs have also discussed the delay of the Government in releasing the 15th Finance Commission budget issued by the Central Government and requested to release the budget within the time limit. consistent.
However, it was not announced but it was indicated that the board has found many shortcomings in the implementation of the CMJ University.
Jowai, July 1: A strong wind has struck Wah iajer Narpuh village in East Jaintia Hills at 8:30 pm this morning. .
The West Bengal government has issued an order to pay Rs 10 lakh insurance for journalists recognized by the government in the state.
This year, Rot or Rong according to the Tuber area, has reached
The things that God has put in order in this environment in which we live are for the benefit of us human beings, but we can still get into trouble or trouble or danger when these things happen.
The factory was constructed at a cost of Rs 35 lakh under the Mission Value Chain Development Phase-1 scheme of the Central Government. to operate for the transportation of agricultural products produced from the factory and also a lur mill.
Mostly indigenous or other resident communities? How many other ethnic groups or indigenous peoples have shops in the market? Therefore, from these facts we can understand why money works well during elections.
She said that it is very appropriate that many of the former athletes of the country who have won medals in many sports are not qualified for them and put a big challenge for them. their uncertainty of the primary care they should receive.
According to the leaders of the party, more and more people in these two constituencies are joining the party and the registration of members is going on smoothly. for the 2018 MLA elections.
It is also good news to hear from some of the farmers of Sonidan, Iam-Khon, Mawkani, Marngar and Umtrai villages of Ri-Bhoi District (Mawhati and Nongpoh Constituencies) saying “ba It is time for us to turn away from the planting of synsar because in the past 15–20 years we have faced many challenges.
However, he said the owner is not in Shillong and is in Guwahati, and alleged that the police had forced his son to file an FIR against the members of the party.
There are 2 types of resurrection.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 27: The clothes vendors at Khasi Market have expressed their condolences to the families of the victims of the incident at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District. was shot dead by the Assam Police on the morning of 22nd November,
In South Garo Hills, there are three cases, two high riaks and one policeman.
Who would have thought that in the month of October we would have such a rain?
During the inspection, the BJP Meghalaya leaders said that this area is still within the border of Meghalaya with evidence such as the construction of the road by the Meghalaya government, the availability of documents. the leaves of the villagers received from the JHADC and the farmland of the villagers.
The competition is only for residents of Meghalaya and participants can sing in English, Khasi, Garo or Pnar.
The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 60 lakh with 88,600 new cases in the past 24 hours.
According to this writer, this constituency is still lagging behind in terms of road connectivity, lagging in healthcare facilities, in education, lagging behind in water supply & sanitation and lagging behind in power supply.
Regarding this issue, the leaders of the Garo Student Union, Achik Youth Welfare Organization, Tura Senior Citizenship Forum, Garo Student Union Khasi Hills Zone and other organizations working with them, will come back. to Malangkona on the 16th of Saturday.
Although there were minor damage, it is understood that there were no serious incidents in Shillong or other parts of the earthquake.
West Khasi Hills has been allowed to transport coal while South Garo Hills will be allowed to transport coal on 19th July
Lucky Draw Prizes for this year: 1st Prize :- Maruti Swift 2nd Prize :- Mahindra Jeeto 3rd Prize :- Yamaha Ray-Z Consolation Prize :- 3 pieces of T.10,000/-.
He said that in the border areas we need to learn and become wise so that we can fight the problems with wisdom.
JOWAI: The SWSRJ in a letter sent to the Superintendent of Police, Bah Lakador Syiem MPS on Monday requested him to take action to curb the spread of drug trafficking and drug trafficking. illegal drugs within the District.
Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said that 448 cases have been reported in Guwahati alone.
SDPRO, River.
Blinken said the concern for the people is the most important at this time and Israel should think for the sake of the people as well as the lives of the people at the same time. for.
This song which is known as a reminder to the people of Khasi Hills that we are like the 'Tirot Singh' of this future and we must stand together for the sake of the nation, the culture, the “It's not just for us, but it's something we have to share in the future,” said the group.
The General Manager of Rangdajied United has expressed his confidence that this agreement with Meghalaya Tourism will strengthen the club in the Third Division to qualify for the I-League.
“The three Dorbar Shnongs in the area should take action to prevent the ownership of the Golf Course by foreigners.
“The state government's intention to extend the Inner Line Permit to Dimapur is currently under discussion,” said Home Minister UG Kishan Reddy.
Umphyrnai SC won the title after beating Sohryngkham SC 4-1 in the final match played at Lawmali Stadium on Saturday.
In a recent incident, Pakistani robbers damaged a Hindu temple in the Kashmore area of ​​Sindh by opening fire on the temple.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang has urged the people of Salonsar across the State to cooperate with the Government in order to break the chain of spread of this terrible disease which has claimed thousands of lives across the country. earth.
This was announced at the Talent Identification and Elite Pathway Programs 2024-25 and the awarding ceremony for the youth who have achieved fame in various sports for Meghalaya held on the 14th of this month. This month at the SAI Stadium at NEHU, Shillong.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has criticized the government for not believing or doing anything about the entry and exit points of the authorities.
In his speech, Bah AL Hek congratulated all those who took part in this event. He was surprised to see the technology used in this event. training that is used in the search for talented players.
“I talked to his lawyer and he did as well.
Shillong: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) today confirmed a new unit known as Raid Mawbuh (Block 1) unit. The Rangbah and Longkmie of Umroi Market have joined as new members.
Both the drivers died of shock.
This means that illegal coal mining in Meghalaya will no longer exist, but illegal coal mining will continue even despite the restrictions of the law enforcement agencies.
Rida laughed.
The hospital was inaugurated on 15th November 2020 by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek.
This is because some of the cases were reported from Eee Cee Bakery, Hopkinson Road, Lower Lachumiere and the food was taken from the bakery to the EC Restaurant, Dhanketi.
Shillong, Nailur 08 : RC Evening Secondary School, Mihmyntdu, Jowai has qualified for the quarter-finals of the 61st Subroto Mukherjee Cup .
Heading, said that he was unable to attend the last rites of the deceased, due to the outbreak of the coronavirus.
Hearing the case, a Division Bench comprising Chief Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice TNK Singh fixed the date for the hearing in four months.
Two coal miners have lost their lives in a coal mine at Ledo village, Tinsukia District, Assam on the 8th of this month.
The meeting was attended by BJP leaders from the state including Shibun Lyngdoh, Mahila Morcha President Bianca Kyndiah, Yuva Morcha President Egenstar Kurkalang, West Garo Hills District President Ma Shibun Lyngdoh. Bernard Marak, General Secretary of Kisan Morcha Rocky R. Marak, BJP General Secretary David Kharsati and others.
The tournament will be played at Lion Mission Compound (Phskur) Jowai, where it will be divided into two Pool-A which include (1) Spikers (2) Lion Mission Compound Dorbar Shnong (3) Chullai Brothers Chutwakhu (4 ) The field of Knorsyiem.
BJP MP from Bihar, Giriraj Singh, who is a minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cabinet, has said whether the Congress will accept to be the leader if it is not white or not. day in Nigeria.
The KJP Girls' Higher Secondary School was established in 1892 by the Welsh Missionary Society to provide education to girls.
The producer of the film, Sajeki Passah, has lodged a complaint with Laban PS that M/s Video Corner shop owned by S.Mylliemngap and run by Pritish Deb (39) has sold the VCD. the film never gained momentum.
Not only that, but those who have returned to the State or abroad, will not be tested at the Civil Hospital on 24th November 2020, the report said.
The number of new cases in the country has risen to 269 in the past 24 hours and the death toll has risen to
Shillong, Naitung 4: Recently, the price of basic food items has increased in the market.
Candidates should also understand that exaltation and humiliation come from God as the Bible says, “I said to the proud, Do not be proud; and to the wicked, do not exalt yourself.
Finally, the Jaintia Youth Federation (SBYWA) and the Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) have issued a warning to the public not to post false information on social media. The public is requested not to take the law into their own hands but to inform the law enforcement authorities. if you don't have an opposition or a violation of the law.
Many of them have brought fame to their schools and the Sohra area by getting positions and passing well in the Matric examinations.
Therefore, Bah Ernest urged the people not to believe and be deceived by the TMC but to think carefully, but to turn to the BJP which is also in power in the central government. The people want change and development, he added.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnong of Baridua 8mer, Ri Bhoi District, Bah Ioanis Narleng, has been shot dead by about 40 unidentified persons at around 3 pm. bring also injurious weapons.
Changes come according to the passage of time or personal desires.
Many of the rules state that a wife should never divorce her husband, because it shows that she does not respect her husband.
The lack of Internet has disrupted the operation of banks and other financial institutions in four districts of Garo Hills.
Jowai, Lber 24: The District Tuberculosis Control Society, West Jaintia Hills District today celebrated the World Tuberculosis Day (WTB) which is celebrated every year around the world. “Invest to end Tuberculosis, save lives”.
The group of employees, therefore, demanded an independent inquiry into the various irregularities in the MeECL department. to appoint the Chairman and Managing Director of MeECL, by a person in the rank of Additional Chief Secretary.
The death toll in the United Kingdom has risen to 1,228 with 209 deaths on Sunday, bringing the total number of cases in Britain to 19,5
Therefore, I appeal to the members of the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep to stop such activities.
Earlier, Bah Pynshngaiñ Lyngdoh Marshilong, National Youth Volunteers, Mawkyrwat conducted the meeting, Bah D. Rapsang, District Youth Officer, delivered the welcome speech and Bah Pynskhem Jyrwa, National Youth Volunteers, Mawkyrwat. gave words of greeting.
The drugs were handed over to the PS-Dobasipara Police for further investigation.
Prestone said that those who provide false information at the entry point just to enter the state are thieves and criminals.
'When there are too many wise men, as it is now, Soso Tham writes,'Long is the king of darkness, the rule of darkness, pla money or box of money) u Briew in Snieh Pyrthei.
“These schools have been set up by the Central Government to guide and open up opportunities for children in the rural areas to learn about technology so that they can learn and enjoy using it and avoid it. I'm going to school," said Wailadmiki.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat Mohun Bagan FC 2-3 in the final match of the Hero I-League 2018-19 at the JN Stadium in Shillong today.
The raid was conducted by the Crime Branch Headquarters.
Shillong: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi, has acknowledged that the NPP will play a major role in conveying the voice of the people of the North East to the Central Government after the 23rd polls. moon.
What is the reason why the roads turn into rivers during the rainy season, is it the lack of proper planning to build the drains or is it because of the negligence of the PWD department when it hires the contractors, or is it the overcrowding? shopkeepers and landlords.
The program was also attended by the Deputy Commissioner, Ram Singh, Heads of Fisheries Department from all districts of Garo Hills and others.
Even the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act-2016, which has been drafted since 2014, has not yet been implemented.
He said the MSCPCR has approved Section 17 of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) Act, 2005 which states that there should be a commission to look after children in every state in the country. .
A Catholic priest, who was one of the witnesses to the rape of Bishop Franco Mulakkar, died yesterday in Hoshiarpur district of Punjab.
Ranbir Kapoor's mother, Neetu Kapoor, wrote on her Instagram page today that Ranbir Kapoor has tested positive for covid-1
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 29: Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School, JNV South West Khasi Hills District and Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat have been named the winners of the National Championships. Sports Day 2022' was organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) in collaboration with the District Promotion Society, MDSA, Mawkyrwat.
Jowai, March 22: U Tylli Kyndiah, one of the leaders of the Hills State Movement in Jowai, who is also the General Secretary of the APHLC, passed away today at his residence in Iawmusiang.
If this is true, I would like to hear your clear statement in writing, education is not a matter of peace talks later,” said Marak.
Dr. Mukul said that to operate the ventilators, specially trained personnel are needed, but this training has not been taught, why has not been trained and why the ICUs cannot be operated, when There is no ICU ventilator.
Let us also look at the example of China, because if it had been able to eradicate the corona virus, but these days, it has started to spread again and the reason is that they bring in those who come. foreign.
Speeches were also delivered by party leaders including Jemino Mawthoh, Jambor War MDC Mawthadraishan, Mowkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh, UDP Mylliem President Spar Lyngdoh and UDP Mylliem President Spar Lyngdoh. General Secretary of the party, Bah Bankraw Sohtun and others.
We see the behavior of Khasi women in front of us, lyngkar, irresponsible, not owning the mother's house or the husband's house, but we don't want to spend time looking for the reason. difficulty in seeing a strong and stable family.
Three people have died in Kerala.
Shillong, July 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday urged the people not to be afraid of the curfew called by the insurgent groups in the state.
Jowai: The Waheh Shnong of Ialong, West Jaintia Hills District, Bishar Shylla, in a statement, said that the Ialong Dorbar Shnong, after careful consideration, has decided to increase the number of visitors to Madan Lyngkieng Pynthor Myntdu. through the gate of Ialong Park, who walk slowly without time.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has announced that it has selected nine outstanding boxers to represent the state in the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship, which is scheduled to start on Saturday. Saturday this month.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that this is a rapidly growing heritage, we need to work for the preservation of a rich and prosperous heritage. in the holiness of our newness.
Before the distribution of the leaflets, a short meeting was held at the Executive Office of the HYC at 7mer Upper Shillong. of the Seng of Mr. Peter.
The SSA teachers have given time to the government to release the remaining teachers today and if the government does not do so, the SSA teachers will start a strong protest in these days. to come.
“To get rid of these mental problems we need to get people who are clean, who speak clearly and do what they say, but not to become conmans by lying and cheating," he said.
Recently, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju visited the border area and walked to Dawki to inspect the progress of the signboard work on the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border.
China on Saturday launched a three-day exercise of its air and naval forces across parts of the sea near Taiwan.
However, this could not work because both Governments did not accept and approve the inspection and census system.
Shillong: The body of Archbishop Dominic Jala has arrived at the Guwahati airport this afternoon.
Sowaka Dkhar, CBSE- 82%, JNV Head.
“I hope that other states mentioned in the Act will cooperate because this is no longer just the problem of one state, but the problem of the North East which extends to Burma and so on,” he said. said.
The construction of the new bill light was carried out by M/S Satnam Global Infrastructure which has contracted with MeECL to launch the UGO billing software.
He said the drugs came from Myanmar, Imphal and Mizoram to be smuggled to Shillong.
In order to reduce congestion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the government is ready to relocate the Secretariat and some government offices to New Shillong. It will help in improving and reducing the traffic jam which the people have been suffering from.
Bah Rangsing Wahlang Sordar Shnong of Mawiawet has requested the MLA to take action in this regard and said that in the past years when there have been natural disasters, families receive assistance after 2 and 3 years until many families do not remember what happened, and do not want such incidents to continue.
“Also present on the occasion were the General Secretary of the KSU, Jiedskhem Nongsiej, the Finance Secretary of the KSU, Marconi Thongni and others.
Speaking to reporters at the Secretariat after a meeting with the Chief Secretary of the Road Transport Highway Department, Bah Riki Sohlang, President of the HANC, said that the VR Rajwat said that the NOC for the construction of roads in West Khasi Hills should be issued within six months. you state sha wei.
The price of petrol has increased steadily in these days across the country.
This is the question of many churches today.
“However, with the approval of the Rural Development Department, this scheme will be implemented in all constituencies from 2014-2015,” said Bah Tynsong.
Therefore, the JSU, with the encouragement of Kong Toi, has requested the law enforcement authorities not to stop this incident lest it lead to defeat and destruction. of the nation.
He also explained that the payment of Rs 50,000 compensation for those who died of COVID-19 is from the state government while Rs 4 lakh from the central government is from the central government. you lose your clothes.
He preached the Gospel of repentance, holiness, to be free from sin and all the evils that are involved in life.
“If you don't come, you won't succeed,” they said.
Shillong: A heavy vehicle has been released at Riat Rngain today, but only small vehicles have been released at 2 pm.
There are two aspects to the relationship between the ryntieh and the khnam, such as rights and culture.
Two youths from Mawhati, Bah P Mashli and Bah Pynsuk Sten who campaigned for the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) candidate from Nongkrem constituency, Bah Joannes JTL Lamare on the 17th On 20th June, 2023 in Smit, the NPP candidate from Nongkrem said that Dasakhiat's departure to Nongkrem is because he has not done well for the constituency and he is afraid of being defeated.
“They snatched the guns from the police and also shot at the police and tried to flee the scene.
The Apostle Paul said, “And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.
The Khasi Authors' Society was established in 1978 and followed by the Khasi Department at NEHU as well as in various universities and even civil society organizations. to support the cause of the Khasi language.
“We turned to the NPP, which was the new party in Meghalaya at that time but we lost and we got only two MLAs from Songsak and Dadenggre while the others were defeated,” he said. Timothy's father.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills District has decided not to agree with the Ordinance passed by the Governor in the past few days.
The purpose of these two programs is to eradicate drugs and provide treatment to those who have become addicted to drugs.
NOTE – 633.
Police under the leadership of DSP of West Jaintia Hills, CW Lyngdoh, have raided the banner of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) demanding a government college in Khliehriat.
The meaning of the word bhalang means the welfare of the people of Khasi-Jaintia.
Anyone found guilty shall be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code,
Another major objective of the Seng is to help the schools in Shnongpdeng, Dawki and Bakur, which the Seng helps from time to time, because many of the children come from poor families. less in all respects.
For the first time, we have taken the initiative to meet with the Minister of PWD to demand the rehabilitation of this road and if the government cannot do anything, it means that the union will not refuse to take the They have taken stronger measures to demand the completion of this road by
The DC said no time limit has been set for the completion of the report of the inquiry, but the Magistrate has been ordered to complete the report as soon as possible.
Launching the party's election manifesto, UDP Working President Bindo Mathew Lanong said the Executive Committee has decided to bring about a clean and corruption-free governance in the district council.
This last goddess is strong, and no one can hold her rights.
They said that almost all the fish farmers in West Khasi Hills have not received any training on how to build ponds so that the fish can grow and develop quickly.
The President of MTOSA, Bah Balen Thabru, said that they urge the people who have received coal shipments from CIL, who have not yet marketed their coal shipments till date.
“If Rs 813 crore has been spent on the Covid-19 pandemic, when I asked those who are hospitalized, they said that they have to pay Rs 10 lakh only for the hospitalization fee because the government has not helped at all,” he said. .
Have we nothing to give them? Why do they say, 'The West has turned into the East, the East has turned into the West?' Those who count, we don't count.
“While I was the Leader of the 6th Khliehriat Constituency, I promised that every five years I would bring one plastic or artificial turf ground in the constituency and the district as a whole.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) on Tuesday warned that heavy rain is expected in most districts of East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills on Saturday and Sunday. Hills, East Jaintia Hills, West Jaintia Hills, East Garo Hills and South Garo Hills.
The cyclone is expected to hit parts of Andhra Pradesh, Odisha and Puducherry, causing heavy rains in Jharkhand.
These were distributed to those families selected from among the poorest.
Without mentioning the countries that base the rule of law on religion, even other countries like America, India and others which base the rule of law on democracy and the Constitution, cannot. to break this relationship between the religious, political, political and merchant authorities.
Bah Lakador Syiem explained in detail about the harmful effects of drugs through a presentation on the topic “Ill Effect of Drugs on Youth and Society” and explained in detail about the three types of drugs, Natural Drug, Semi Synthetic Drug and Synthetic Drug.
those people will ask God, 'Why do you compare us with them?' This comes from jealousy and envy.
In fact, those MLAs who are in the government should find ways and means and create job opportunities in the state by inviting big companies to come and start business here.
Therefore, I urge your office to take action on this issue and take immediate action so that the rights of the farmers who are entitled to it will not be violated,” said the UDP leader in the letter.
However, many of them have forgotten their culture,” said Bah Dmikstar Lyngdoh, who is also the head of the Lyngdoh Nonglynkien Kur.
Shillong, Naitung : The candidate for the Laitumkhrah constituency (now Shillong East) in the past few years, Bah Malcom Tariang, who used to contest against Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, has announced the name of the MLA. NPP meeting held at the NPP headquarters on Friday.
Earlier, RUFC scored two more goals through Oresterwel Langshiang (90+2) and Stephanson Pale (90+4) to secure the victory.
The refusal of the Congress and the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) to form a group in the Legislative Assembly may make it difficult for the Speaker to decide whom to appoint as the Leader of the Opposition. There are only three MLAs.
At the same time, he urged them to be zealous in the ministry by showing a smile and love.
East Khasi Hills Police have arrested Agnes on an FIR lodged by MUDA Secretary Tableland Lyngwa and Additional District Magistrate Donny M Wahlang against her for trying to block the way for MUDA employees. to raid the houses of people in Umsawli, Mawlong-Mawtari area on the 8th of November.
If the UDP and NPP are elected, where will they sit next to Modi and the BJP? However, if the Congress is elected, it will lead the government to independence.
Only those who have experienced and produced nations understand the misery that drugs bring to human life.
The most valuable teams of the Women's T20 World Cup are: Tazmin Brits (South Africa) 186 runs in 37.20; Alyssa Healy (wk) (Australia) 189 runs in 47.25; Laura Wolvaardt (South Africa) 230 runs in 46.00; Nat Sciver-Brunt (C) (England) 216 in 72.00; Ashleigh Gardner (Australia) 110 in 36.66; Richa Ghosh (India) 136 runs in 68.00; Sophie Ecclestone (England) 11 wickets at 7.54; Karishma Ramharack (West Indies) 5 wickets at 10.00; Shabnim Ismail (South Africa) 8 wickets at 16.12; Darcie Brown (Australia) 7 wickets for 15.00; Megan Schutt (Australia) 10 wickets in 12.50; 12th Player: Orla Prendergast (Ireland) 109 runs in 27.25 and 3 wickets in
He said that the vaccination is from newborn to those who have reached the age of 2 years and also to those who have not yet received the vaccine.
“Therefore, I am pleased to say that the JHADC office has not looked into this,” he said.
The workers are now in darkness and cannot do anything because they have not received their salaries.
The price of diesel is now T.64.58 per litre, which was T.64.22 on 7th June
In order to assist the linemen who have few linemen who find it difficult to meet the needs of the villages especially during the rainy season when the mainlines pass through the forests, it is necessary to set up a Muster Roll. (linemen) to clean and assist these existing linemen.
After the meeting, HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh said the government has already expressed its immediate rejection of their eight demands.
Christian Endeavor is the first Youth Church in the world and also in Khasi Jaintia.
“I don't know if I'll meet you again.
However, amidst the demands and protests by these employees in GHADC, the present EC has forced the employees to accept the five month salary at the old salary.
Perhaps you can reduce or even eliminate any problems by maintaining your diet and medication regimen.
Looking from the main road, it looks like the village is well maintained but as soon as we entered the village, the reporter found that the village does not have enough water tanks.
“They also decided not to provide me with food and other necessities from the village because I have complained to the police,” said Slodian.
II Chronicles 6:28–40, 7:13–16.
“Besides these, there have been several others who have helped in cheating during the Competitive Examinations by setting them up as Centers or committing other illegal activities,” he said. do not look.
From Dr E.PaditMedical and Health OfficerI/C Warmawsaw phc.
At 6.30 pm, two vehicles were seized by Drishti, who was in one of these vehicles and accompanied by three other ULFA members, who were his followers. They are Rup Jyoti Rabha (25), Babul Rabha (22) and Rahul Hazarika (27).
Listening to the stories of the ancestors who are still alive here and there in Jaintia Hills and reading from the books especially the history of the Ahom kings and the history of Lachit Borphukan who ruled the country. In the years 1500 AD, Sir Edward Gait wrote that the Hima of Syiem Sutnga or Syiem Jaintia (Jaintia Kingdom) was a powerful, powerful and prosperous Hima. the Hima or the country that has been destroyed.
In terms of food and beverages, we still have to rely on each other – from Punjab to Meghalaya or from Andhra Pradesh to Meghalaya and so on.
According to a statement issued by the police, after receiving detailed information, the Special Narcotics Cell of Mizoram Police with the participation of the 2nd Assam Rifles left for Mizoram Police Station. to conduct inspections at a checkpoint located in the Ch.
Jowai, Naitung 20 : The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Speaking to reporters, Bhattacharjee said that all BJP programs in Tripura were suspended on Saturday as a sign of remembrance of the victims. who were injured in a train collision in Odisha.
In the letter, the NPP Women's Wing demanded the completion of the new construction of Iawmusiang, the completion of the Umngot Water Supply Scheme and the Maternity Hospital in Jowai.
They also learned that she had been involved with a man whom she had introduced to the owners of the house as her relative and the police have not found that man yet.
I am not controlled by any external force, I can take decision and act with freedom".
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donkupar Sumer, while explaining to the people the reasons for his resignation from the party, said that he had been insulted and mistreated by the leaders. The party and those who have been trying to destroy him and especially regarding the ticket from Umsning Constituency.
Training has also been given to young men and women as well as children to train for this sport and some of them have taken part in national and international competitions.
In 1934, there was a strong demand from the members of the party to revise the Constitution of the party, but it was not until September 1940, when the task of paving the way for the The Constitution was handed over to the elected leaders including Iang Pariat, L. Khyriem (later MLA), WS Shullai MA, BL and RK Tariang LMP. The Constitution of the Seng was completed on 12th December 1940, but this Constitution of the Seng could not be implemented according to the intention of the Seng due to the rapid change of time, the Second World War and the struggle for independence of India from the British.
The program will not end only with the selection of players, but Wallam said that there will also be a program to select even those youngsters who want to train the line to become coaches. This day will be a memorable day for the football fans of the state where they witnessed a very successful football match. Khliehmawlieh Youth Club and Rangdajied United FC have qualified for the final of the tournament in two matches. State League (MSL).
However, once addicted to drugs it is an extremely difficult thing to give up.
Shillong, November 21: Former Speaker of Parliament, Purno A Sangma, on Tuesday expressed his regret over the decline in the quality of the Parliament in these days.
After being elected as MDC from Myliem constituency by defeating Teilinia Thangkhiew, Ronnie was also elected as the spokesperson of the Congress MDCs.
There are also churches or religions that are divided just because of election support especially when their church leaders are involved in politics.
Shillong: Leaders of KSU Laskein today met with James K Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs, to discuss the issue of residents of Block I, which is on the border. of Assam and West Jaintia Hills.
She reminded that the demands of the ASHAs include the increase in the daily salary from T.75 tyngka per day to T.150 tyngka per day, the government's allocation of salary to them, and others. The demands of the ASHAs include the cost of going to the patient's home.
SB Kharbyngar said that after this incident, the district administration has held a meeting and with the help and generosity of the Kur Wars, a Community Corona Care Center has been set up for the Kur Wars. With the donation, kindness and assistance of the Seng Khasi Sengkmie, another Community Corona Care Center has been obtained for men who have been infected with Covid-1 .
According to believers, the source of evil is from their own evil deeds, and by being affected by suffering/tribulation causes a person to repent and become good.
Shillong: Two motorcycles collided at Chimesengre Bridge on Monday afternoon at about 1 pm.
Thus, in the mistakes of working, speaking and storytelling in other areas.
While the Enforcement Police were continuing the raid at Basa die jhur, some of the foreigners who knew about the raid on the trading license of the KHADC, fled and left the goods and the shop.
Rihanna's stay in the city has surprised many Londoners, as they didn't know anything.
Shillong: Yogesh Tiwari and Anish Charak of Meghalaya beat Sikkim by 43 runs in the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy in Guwahati today.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 07: The leaders of the Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) have resigned from their positions as leaders or full members of the HANM Dong. Riwar Circle, Mawkyrwat Unit and Shilliang Um Unit.
And everyone received 500 tyngka.
According to the explanation given by the Prime Minister, who is also in charge of the Personnel Department, I have asked whether the basis of the Reservation Policy has been followed by the Roster System, or whether there is a difference here and there. .
“The purpose of this meeting is to understand the rights of the minorities, and also to bring closer the minorities of the North East to know their special rights,” he said. Shillong, July 1: U Bah Ency Shadap, Organizing Secretary of HANM, has been threatened with death on the 17th of July, Samla Shadap was arrested on the 17th at 8.44 pm and received a telephone call and a short message from another number. Please contact us at +9
Up to 60 people from North Garo Hills took part in the programme.
The chairman of the group, Bah Najim Khar Malki, said that if these companies fail to provide the network within a day, the JAC will take strong action to demolish these towers, because these companies do not listen. Therefore, it is better for these companies to remove the towers before they are destroyed by the people.
Only ACHIK General Secretary and lawyer Bernita R Marak are still at large among the three arrested leaders.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Circle has confirmed its new office bearers for the year 2021-2
KSU EJH Education Secretary Emmon Chyrmang, KSU EJH President Streamly N. Suchen, KSU Finance Secretary Shaniah Dkhar, Assistant Finance Secretary Cherity Suja and others were present at the ceremony. Follow the example of Emika and strive to overcome the feeling that they come from rural areas, but to have the goal and work hard to study and in other activities in life to achieve success.
Hamlet said that during his tenure as MLA, he used to help the sick especially those who are in hospitals because it is the money that comes from the government.
Police have recovered four mobile phones from the suspects, a vehicle number AS-23-B-6 is strengthening its efforts to combat drug traffickers.
However, because Panah kept asking questions, she replied, “Then Niakha, because she loves me and has taken care of me from all sides, how can I not obey?
East Jaintia Police immediately informed the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and the team went into the water to search for the youth and found the body of Mihsalan. on Monday at 5:4
He will be the Prime Minister until April 2023 after the dissolution of Parliament.
Those soh khliang that appeared during the elections are still there because of the shaking hands and talking to each other.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 21: The Executive Committee of the HSPDP Rambrai Area Unit, which met in the past few days, has unanimously decided to elect the candidate for the post of The party has sent back the name of Bah KP Pangniang, MLA as the party's candidate for the 2018 MLA election from Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency.
On the opposition of the former Prime Minister and Leader of the Opposition to the soskular signed between the two states, Conrad said that the list of demarcation was given by Dr Mukul himself when he was in office. the Chief Minister of the State.
Khimlang Thangkhiew scored the first goal in the 26th minute.
The handshake at that time will fall on these arsap and those ingkhong shalangmat.
“The Shillong Press Club condemns this act of violence by this person whom we believe to be a man of high rank in society.
He said that sports is one of the ways to prevent drug abuse, so the Meghalaya Games is one of the sports that can promote the youth in sports.
The Manipur government on Tuesday said that the state security forces have arrested a cadre of the Kangleipak ​​Communist Party (KCP) who was involved in the killing of many cases of illegal extortion across the state.
NEW DELHI: Congress President Sonia Gandhi has been admitted to Sir Ganga Ram Hospital for treatment. Randeep Surjewala, General Secretary of the Congress Party, said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Nisha, Vaishnavi, Vitthal Phalke, Neha, Navneet Kaur, Salima Tete, Sonika, Jyoti and Beauty Dungdung are the midfield players.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Government of Meghalaya has issued an order to all schools from Lower Primary (LP), Upper Primary (UP), Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools to comply with the rules and regulations. was issued on 6th June, 2017 for the year 2017-1
· In the past, he awarded the longiieng khun shiteng for the development of the jaitbynriew by having 17 children, but now these children are no longer Khasi.
He informed all the Sordars from Nongjri to Raid Mukertila to attend the meeting to take the final decision whether to allow or not to erect signs. to all these sordars to invite all the land owners under their jurisdiction - those who have land in the area where the signboard should be erected and if any do not attend the meeting (5th) always assume that their absence is the unanimous consent of the decision.
The tournament ended with joy and happiness, all the games went smoothly from start to finish without any interruption.
“The time is not far away, there are only five days, 22 hours and 42 minutes left for the state to get rid of this corrupt government,” he said.
The 7th Jeet Kune Do National Championship was held at the Bangla Sahi Indoor Hall, New Delhi on the 25th of this month. and closes on November 26, 2022.
“There are only these roads and we have tried to come up with a suitable road so that it will not increase the expenditure of the Government,” he said.
The Group B matches will start on July 19 in Bulawayo, with Sri Lanka facing the UAE at Queen's Sports Club while the other matches at the Bulawayo Athletic Club will be between Ireland and in Oman.
Zenith said the GST will replace all the taxes collected in previous years and will be a single tax across the country.
However, the people at that time did not have enough education to work in factories so the corporations worked with the governments to set up schools in the way we know as “ Model Factory”.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Jopstar Nongsteng, Bah Pishon Buhteng, Acting Sirdar of Raid Mawlam, Bah Moon. Corruption.
Under Section (c) of the National Commission for Minorities Act, 1992, the Government of India on 23rd July, 1993, recognized Muslims, Christians, Buddhists, Parsis and Jains as minorities.
at the Inter National, National and State & District Levels and also through tests according to their age and ability in the sports they participate in.
In the 25m STANDARD PISTOL MEN, Walshall Momin came second, Pynkhraw Kharshiieng came third.
He said the Shillong Premier League match could not be played due to the condition of the ground.
School children and journalists were seriously injured in the bomb blast by the police to disperse the crowd.
They have deceived the people of Rambrai with pigs until even the local pigs have died along with the pigs given by the NPP”.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: There are 9 active cases of Covid-19 in the state.
The SP East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Kharkrang, said that the traffic police will continue to check the vehicles.
The union also said that although the state residents can be banned from illegal activities, they can still commit other crimes such as drugs and others.
Finance Bill – The Beityngka Act is a Bill to be brought to the Legislative Assembly every year according to the allocation proposed by the Central Government for the coming year which may include other allocations. use more and more according to the demands to build and develop the society in the state.
Regarding the footpath and the assistance to the farmers, the Rangbah Shnong of Umshing Umjapung, Bah CS Khongsar, congratulated the MDC for being able to implement the work by the village. He said that they have spent the money exactly for the work without anyone getting paid.
“During the visit to Switzerland, we saw the use of very important equipment so in Shillong too we should use good technology in terms of rope way funded by the Asian Development Bank and this cable car will be the largest in the North East as it can accommodate up to 600 passengers per hour and if 10 hours there will be 6000 passengers per day it will increase revenue. “It will help the salaries of the employees,” said Bah Paul.
He said his daughter also asked him, “Why do you want to name it Times Square, and I replied that we want to convince the people that we will build it. the place where the people are gathered.
In the Under-17 category, the boys came to compete first against Govt.
On this occasion, several burning places and places where illegal rnga were collected were also seized and the illegal rnga was seized.
The imposition of martial law in any place, should not come from the mouth of the Court but should be done by the government authority after proper assessment of the situation.
He said the HYC has received information that not only the Khasi subject, which they have now seized, but the theft has also happened in other subjects like English, Mathematics and Health Education.
Jesus was very happy as a human being.
Speaking to media, Nongbsap said that in 2019, the party had found that there was an intention of the people living in Pilangku A and Pilangku B of the Marwet raid to They have planned to auction 12,000 acres of land to the BSF for a firing range but this has been suspended by the district authorities.
Shillong, Nailur, 05: An elderly man has been arrested by the Dorbar Shnong Mission Compound, Shillong on a complaint from a young woman passing through the village. and she said, This old man hath defiled me.
Therefore, Bah Tariang said that if the Shillong Municipal Board remains silent and does not do anything to remove the garbage dump, the Dorbar Shnong will have to take action to talk to the higher authorities. They said that the garbage dump has been immediately removed from the area because the garbage dump has not only become a haven for drug users and a place to smuggle drugs. drok“We have to talk to the higher authorities because we have found and we have enough evidence now that it is not only a sma iwtung, but it has become a hiding place for these drug addicts and “The traders at the same time have become a big market,” said Bah Tariang.
Ryngud village together with the residents of Ryngud village one of the villages in the Sohra area is a major producer of kwai and tympew and they are also very important agricultural products. In the past, it had a trade route with Bangladesh since before the independence of India until the state became independent. in the year
On the other hand, the union has received information that many of the Khasi who went to protest in KHADC have been misled by those people who have close ties with the Dkhars, who have been involved in corruption and those who earn money against them. the death of the Hynniewtrep people.
But at the end of 1000 years.
Living said that on 4th June 2011, the KHADC had recognized the Seng Kur Thangkhiew, while on 11th March 2012, it had withdrawn the recognition. In July 2013, the Meghalaya High Court overturned the order of the Executive Committee and ordered that the KHADC should grant them the right to appeal.
Spaindaring, who is also the office secretary of the KSU, said, “Youth are the future of the country and let us forget about religious differences, regional differences, village differences and have a spirit of unity to fight. SS Niangti, Leader of KSU Jaintia, who said that the KSU Sahsniang Unit is a department that acts as a reporter, or even to the Government when there is any emergency that may happen in the country. Border villages with Assam as this village is the closest to the villages bordering Assam Meghalaya.
On the same issue, one of the leaders of the party, Dr.WR Kharlukhi, said that the government has extended the term of office of the GHADC from two to three six months. “It is just a fear of losing the election,” said Dr. Kharlukhi. Congress in the MP elections is the one that has been holding Dr. Mukul Sangma till today.
At this time, we should celebrate this day 10th April 2020, even if we have only a few in the house, because Jesus has promised that if you have two or three “ there I will be with you".
Nongpoh, July 12: Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District has been declared the most polluted area in India according to the report of the Center for Research on Energy and Clean Air (CREA). The Government of Meghalaya has taken action to curb the air pollution which Byrnihat has ranked first in the country in terms of air pollution, which can affect the health of the people.
Shillong: People who used to live in the streets of Shillong, yesterday, took to the streets to demand that the government should deliver food items to every household, if it does not allow them. to sell in Khyndai Lad, GS Road and so on to Motphran and Iewduh.
It is to be recalled that this 18.75 meter high bridge was planned to be built from 2001 to 2002 when the KJP Assembly of the Presbyterian Church was held in New Nongstoiñ.
“I said that she was invited, she is a Khasi woman and she is dressed in the traditional Jainsem dress.
Nikson Lamin and Keepmewell Lamin, president and secretary of the union, said that the power outage has affected the education of the school children and especially in the coming days of Christmas and New Year. which the people used to clean up their houses but this has made them very sad.
It was informed at the program that vaccination is one of the ways to prevent the spread of Covid-19 along with other precautionary measures directed by the government.
In 1979, the Assam Government seized and destroyed the Meghalaya BOP and seized and arrested the Police and released them to Byrnihat.
Shillong, July 28: “One Unity Crew has been selected to represent India at the World Hip Hop Dance Championship to be held in Las Vegas, USA under the contract of Hip Hop International India. ", said Abhishek Mahatu, a young dancer from Guwahati.
The Committee also said that this check gate has affected the passengers as well as the employees or workers of the area, another one at this gate besides collecting taxes from commercial vehicles. , they have also attracted tourists.
But it is the end of age of all mankind on earth.
I dare to tell you that the power of money will not work at all because there will be a big change in the MLA elections in 2023,” he said.
The earthquake was felt in parts of Assam in districts like Guwahati, Kamrup and Sunapur.
The Lion scored the first goal in 15.1 overs.
They urged the Bah Nasar Syiem Jahnoh Sirdar of Jyrngam Hima, to take action on this matter and to speak to the woman, so that there will be no more violence in the village. 99% of the people of the four villages wanted and desired to have unity.
Why don't you blame the BJP? I don't accept this allegation,” said the BJP leader. He said that the incident has nothing to do with politics as alleged because the party did not send them.
He said that if you look at Assam, many people remember that many MLAs have been removed from the party and the reason is that they do not follow the rules and regulations.
The Sahnam durshtah is a shab that includes these unique snaps of the state in one pudker.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, CEM Titosstarwell Chyne said that this is not the first time that these groups have been invited to meet, but since 2018 onwards there have been many meetings to discuss. on the problems of the farmers and especially the issue of kilo cutting in Ïewduh, where farmers from time to time complain that there is such kilo cutting.
Thirty youths from all over West Jaintia Hills District and East Jaintia Hills District will be trained in cake making for three months.
It can also help with weight loss, promote healthy skin, reduce the risk of kidney stones and many other benefits.
On this occasion, the Minister of District Council Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, said that the remaining funds of the state government have not been released to the district councils of T.57,00,34,755 crore including KHADC and JHADC. and GHADC. This money should be received by the district councils is the share of the major minerals which means coal and oil, said Bah Tynsong.
Short speeches were delivered by Bah LS Sohtun Rangbahshnong of Lummawskhen, Bah J.Sohtun Sordar of Umblai Village and Bah Pyrkhat Sohkhlet from the World Mission. and U T.Bn W.W.Nohwir.
It means that we came to this world empty-handed, we grow up in this world, we work, we eat, we drink to live, but in the meantime we need to earn the rights of the kingdom of heaven to live life. not greedy of filthy lucre, not greedy of filthy lucre; not greedy of filthy lucre;
Because this brother of ours needs assistance to cover his travel expenses, which he has to go abroad,” said Bah B.Marngar from the Organization for the Disabled. Our son who doesn't hear and doesn't know how to speak has brought glory to the nation.
At the same time, he said that those youths who have become addicted to drugs, the party will try to guide them to the right path, and those who traffic in drugs, the party will not allow them to sell drugs. comfortable.
In this case, it is no longer that the mohkhiew is btuit but it is syntuid.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Police have received a complaint from Pynshngainlang Marbaniang, a taxi driver, on the 13th of this month at 6:30 pm. ML-05K-3896 had attempted to rape a woman inside his vehicle on the road from Urmasi to Smit.
The name of Bah Mosjo was announced by the PDF yesterday.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, has strongly criticized the Indian government for its continued efforts to mine uranium in the state.
Lambokstar said that if the central government asks for time to consider the ILP, it shows that it does not respect the resolution passed by the Assembly and shows that the 60 MLAs of the state. they have failed to force the central government to do what is necessary.
Our vote is equal to the money of the Reserve Bank of India.
In a statement, former Umroi MDC Bah Albinus Lyngdoh said that this evening, public vehicles have been completely stopped due to the permission of trucks to pass through the Dwarksuid junction.
The Lapangap Barato road also connects other villages including Shebnai, Sanaro and Namdong.
These students include 1655 Graduates and 14 Scholars along with their PhDs. On this occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya Phagu Chauhan was also present to take part in the ceremony. Convocation and was awarded the Honorary Degree of Doctor of Letters (Hon.D.Litt.
India is one of the most diverse countries, and therefore needs unity among its differences.
Rowell expressed his surprise why the prime minister has resigned from him and AL Hek who have never been in opposition to him, but respecting the party's foundation he said he agrees. “If you don't know what you're doing, you'll pay back what you've ordered,” said Rowell.
Peter got an old car and he enjoyed traveling compared to a scooty.
On the 22nd of this month, West Garo Hills Police raided the farm house of BJP MDC Bernard N Marak.
However, due to the quick arrival of the fire brigade, the fire was extinguished.
There are 21 clubs affiliated to the MFA but due to the lack of clubs that can meet the requirements, the teams from the Shillong Sports Association have been allocated.
In the first quarter final, Lakashiang FC beat Thangbuli YSWC 4-1 in the first quarter final.
Bety Jyrwa expressed her regret that the Rangbah Shnong of the village has not taken the initiative to provide assistance to the woman. but thou shalt build another house.
Therefore, the Police held a meeting on the night of 12th July 2021, and decided to search and arrest the former HNLC leader. After receiving information that he was at home in Mawlai Kynton Massar, a team of police was formed to conduct the operation and ordered to arrest him alive.
In another development, at 11.15 pm, Ratacherra police arrested two Nigerians, who were coming by night bus. The number ML 05 M 1899 was from Agartala to Guwahati.
This is according to a statement from the District Election Officer, East Khasi Hills.
Because they still respected the customs of their ancestors and wanted Temple to worship in the way of their ancestors by offering sacrifices.
However, alongside Dr Mukul Sangma, there are two MLAs who have not yet been appointed ministers and who are Parliamentary Secretaries to the Government, Justine Dkhar from Jaintia Hills and Dr Celestine Lyngdoh from Ri-Bhoi. ( Dr.Bom).
Through these four goals, Langsning became stronger and in the 74th minute Roikhihbha Nongtdu scored the last goal from near the post. complete the three points.
These five projects will create income generation and employment opportunities for up to 200 households and will generate an income of Rs 1 crore per annum.
“How can they buy land if they are not citizens of Meghalaya?
Furthermore, the KSU Jaiaw Circle on 31st November 2020 announced that the struggle for income and trade in property has started.
“The increase in the price of commodities is a matter of the market, there are many reasons although we are ensuring to maintain the price of mur, to ensure the supply of essential commodities in the market,” he said. .
The Minister said that he will investigate to verify the location of the site and if it is true that it does not fall under the tax area, he will be ready to install it.
He said that if land can be allocated, the project will cost at least 50 lakh tyngka.
The SIC team's investigation into the incident is ongoing and all the suspects are being questioned, Mittal added.
The UDP, which won only six seats in 2018 (and later eight seats), has won three ministers and one post speaker.
Many of our actions are contrary to God's teachings.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: Seven people have died from eating wild tit in Nongpriang, Sohra and Yangon in the past 10 months. Mawsawa is located in the Mawsynram area.
It was an outside suggestion," Pawar said.
However, according to the residents, these government vehicles stop operating only until 8 pm.
A group of 13-14 Bangladeshis have attacked Amdoh village in West Jaintia Hills at 3 pm this morning. injured personnel and personnel of the Border Security Force (BSF).
Sixty years after its establishment, the Shillong Cricket Academy (SCA) has taken the initiative to move its training ground from the end of the JN Cricket Ground. Stadium, Polo to the new sports ground of Lawsohtun Dorbar Shnong in Block VI. The ability to set up this training center at this place is through an agreement signed on the 17th. of June 2021.
The Minister also expressed his satisfaction that after 32 years, the PHC at Bajengdoba has been upgraded.
The Dima Hasao District Committee has filed another case to complain against the then Meghalaya government for not doing anything to prevent accidents or deaths in the coal mines. and he did the same.
Shillong, Lber 21: The President of the MPCC, Vincent H. Pala, has strongly criticized the speech of the President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Ardent Basaiawmoit in one of the meetings. meeting that the Tymmen Basan were involved in the distribution of kiad.
There are 1,028 cases in East Khasi Hills, 270 in West Khasi Hills, 324 in Ribhoi District, 64 in West Jaintia Hills, 56 in East Jaintia Hills and cases in West Garo Hills, 104 cases in East Garo Hills and others.
The DGP also informed about the drug smuggling routes in Meghalaya and the routes used by drug traffickers.
The Joint Action Committee Against Casino (JACAC) was formed on the 25th of this month to oppose the proposed opening of the casino.
The income from the tourists comes first of all from the beauty of the places followed by the cleanliness of the places and the provision of all the facilities that the tourists need.
He said that the MDA government has only taken care of the numbers, the political parties within the MDA government should sit down and decide whether they can trust each other or not. and if they have to take a decision to take action on the improvement of the state as a whole.
Regarding this issue, he urged the residents to take a final decision to come forward and protest against this illegal treatment of the Myntdu River and other rivers because of the The government has taken a stingy approach to this issue.
He said that we are living in these last days and as young people we should not get involved in the pleasures of the world and the world can give us temporary happiness and in the end it is only misery. .
The meeting also discussed the future situation of those who try to attack the indigenous people and the group of four civil society organizations said that there is no problem to to fight against the mynder in the border areas and across the Bri U Hynniewtrep to destroy the Khar poi wir, but with a sad spirit and as a sign of respect to the Syiems, Sordars and all the leaders The village and village headmen of the four organizations felt that they should first be invited to discuss and discuss how to curb the infiltration of foreigners, to curb the illegal entry of mynder, for as it is now, the whole nation has witnessed that the bsein, after it has grown, has begun to turn.
“I found this article when I went to Delhi for a meeting.
Shillong: U MDC of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar, while raising a motion in the KHADC Budget Session on the issue of “The role of the KHADC in the border issues of the state”, has strongly criticized the KHADC. The State Government has already signed a Social MoU between the Meghalaya Government and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma. The Assam Government without any information or consultation to the Autonomous District Council, the Chief Executive Members and the people affected by this project.
One of these youths, who was arrested by the union, was a supplier of drugs throughout Shillong to sell to Khasi and he bought these drugs from Garo Line, Laitumkhrah.
The Fire and Emergency Service had to bring in seven fire brigades to extinguish the blaze.
From the very beginning as citizens of India we have received support for the Fundamental Rights of the Indian Constitution but the government authorities have not see or even respect that Right of the People as it is clear through the rules.
All RKM schools in Meghalaya participated in this celebration.
He added that the children in the North East, including Meghalaya especially Manipur, have what they call “national talents” in martial arts.
There are others who live besides man.
Furthermore, another reason is that they used to carry passengers from Khyn Dailad to Nongthymmai, Madanrting, but now they have lost them.
This is due to her concern for physical health and complete health.
Dhaka: Up to 50,000 Bangladeshis have violated the social distancing rules by gathering without masks today. The funeral of Nayeb-e Amir Maulana Zubayer Ansari, one of the leaders of the Khilafat Majlish, was held at a madrasa in Bertola. .
Therefore, by doing so, there shall be no confusion or dispute, nor shall there be any dispute over the same land, nor shall there be any sale or purchase of the same land or forest three times.
This is what the Revolution – Protect the Country wants to see.
However, the number of teams will remain the same, ie 5 teams for the next three years.
Although the media has not said whether the BJP will join its NDA allies in the government, it is believed that the BJP will join the party. Purno Sangma, as the leader of the North East, is very important to strengthen his base in the North East and if he allows PA Sangma, he will surely be able to to expect it to do better in the North Eastern States, such as Assam, which is due to go to the elections in 2016, then in Meghalaya and other parts of the region.
Rai said the four were identified as Chhotu Mandavi, Section Commander of Battalion No. 1 Technical Team, his wife Lakhme Kunjan, who is part of the South Sub Zonal Bureau. and Kosa Mandavi, Deputy Commander, and his wife Aayte Midiyami.
Compared to other states, Meghalaya has only 2768 hectares of slasha cultivation land.
Nongpoh: Part of the work to promote tourism in the state and especially in Ri Bhoi, which is one of the districts in the state which still lacks in terms of tourism sites The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RIF) has organized a program at Nongmahir Lake, which they have named the Nongmahir Lake Boating Festival.
According to him, it is this reason that has delayed the government's intention to implement modern techniques to dispose of these waste.
He said that the income of the four buses is the extortion of the state government and they serve the government employees and not the people.
The storm has destroyed many electricity posts and flooded the roads.
The Daju are still holding the putoi sawbthuh worth T.500 tyngka and have not yet decided to wear it in their work.
Karimul Bari, in a tweet, said that five to seven workers from Assam have died in a coal mine in Meghalaya for two days.
It is the only way to have something that doesn't matter by taking back, by lying, by stealing, and by stealing.
The victory of the BJP in these states will also encourage the BJP in Meghalaya which is currently preparing to contest for the two MP seats in Meghalaya in
The world is looking for God's miracles.
In connection with the war between Ukraine and Russia, the agency found that TV channels provided headlines that did not match the events and that journalists brought unfounded allegations or the use of words in such a way as to strengthen the viewers.
Here in Meghalaya, it is very different not as we expect one of the parties to get the majority.
At the same time, the BVKJPWO has held its 32nd Annual Convention of the Khasi Jaintia people living in the Barak Valley.
Shillong: U Wailad Miki Shylla, Chairman of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL), today said that they are in talks with the Mawmluh and Sohra Hima on the decision that the government intends to work with the cement company. The Mawshun park falls under the Mawmluh Hima and the factory falls under the Sohra Hima.
The deceased were identified as Setmon Phawa, 30, of Wapungskur and Birest Siangshai, 23, of the same village.
Mizoram won by 191 runs in their last match against Meghalaya at Anand, Gujarat.
In the next match between Mawlai and PFR, it was one of the most beautiful and exciting matches for the spectators especially for the fans of both the teams.
The SMC met on 2nd and 10th June, 2016 to discuss the letter received from the Sein Khasi Kenmynsaw, Syntein sent to the Chief Secretary and the Sein Raij Niamtre sent to the Governor. to recognize them as Rit Paid.
Nijjar has also collaborated with a terrorist robber from Punjab, Arshdeep Singh Gill alias Arsh Dala from Moga, to carry out attacks in Punjab.
MEPA has lodged a complaint with the Governor on many issues including the Majithia Wage Board, the State Advertisement Policy, the delay in payment of advertisement fees, the order of the Meghalaya High School. Court, the failure to publish news by the Chief Minister, among others.
About 488 million people practice Buddhism.
Ardent himself said that he feels that the government itself is trying to accuse the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd.
These 8 foreigners who were arrested by the KSU members in Nongpoh, were driving an empty truck number AS-01-EC-9 They arrested them in Nongpoh, did not allow these foreigners to go to Mawryngkneng and sent them back.
In this regard, we have used the Village Authorities to manage, educate the public and control COVID-1
Around 700 runners took part in the race which started and ended at JN Sports Complex Polo.
On the part of the leaders of the NSS Unit, Ri Bhoi College, on this occasion, they expressed their gratitude to the students, teachers and the public who gave their support on this occasion. part of the goal to combat the habit of eating or smoking which is indeed a threat to public health.
When he was old, he couldn't do anything else, but he had done those things which he had chosen.
Robertjune also asked why more than 300 people have attacked the house of the man, why the police have arrested only three people.
The case is against the non-implementation of 49 projects of GHADC in Asanang Constituency for the year 2017-1
“The land we sell to the government is a forest,” said the Sordar of Mawpdang, Bah Issac.
Sen said that the Rajya Sabha session will be held today; Puri called out to Sen, “As soon as the dorbar opened, I was shocked by Hardeep Puri, but I went to talk to him and there, he tried to shoot me, but fortunately. , that there were my friends nearby and they pulled me away.
Those who wish to apply should submit their application forms to the Basin Office at Khliehriat near the office of the Deputy Commissioner. BDO office and should be provided by this month of November 2022, for more information please call
He said the issue of health is one of the most important areas and that is why the government is ready to set up medical colleges. shaid now.
“However, the shortage of applicants from Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes in the next election year will continue and we will fight as much as possible to apply for that year. chess has not been increased in the years that followed more than ten years.
Police also seized a Maruti Car (ML-05-D-3783), T54,150 cash and three mobile phones.
The shortcoming is that we are no longer against the Government of Assam but against the laws of the Government of India, so we need laws to protect us from the laws of the Government of India. in your state.
Witting said he has not yet taken any action against the factory as he has not received any clear information in this regard. “I haven't talked to anyone yet, but I will do something about it,” said Witting.
The money that the traders pay to these patriotic organizations has to be recovered from us the consumers by increasing the price of all food items.
We have not sent any email to the Government to release Bah Julius.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Sangma said, “It is a personal question but I will only say that if the work is done well, the situation will also be good”.
Despite the research and facts on e-cigarettes, the Finance Ministry of India has announced that it has banned e-cigarettes in 2019, and banned the manufacture, transportation, import, die and other e-cigarettes.
Both these categories will resume play from the 5th of November.
Dasukwame Dkhar scored 35', Andreas Lyngdoh 49' and Salo Siangshai 68'.
Ri Bhoi Police have registered a case at Nongpoh Police Station under Section 120 B/121 A of the Indian Penal Code. IPC), read also Section 10/13/18 UA(P) Act and 5/6 Explosive Substance Act.
Shillong, Jymmang 7 : Lenovo, one of the world's leading manufacturers in the world, and the Meghshala Trust, a NGO in the field of technology training, have signed a memorandum of understanding with the Meghshala Trust. has strengthened the implementation of the Meghshala program for more than 100 schools in Meghalaya, and all the schools now have more than 200 schools which have received support from the Ministry of Education. , the Government of Meghalaya, and the State Education Mission Authority (SSA) and the Directorate of School Education and Literacy, Shillong, Meghalaya.
TMC Youth Wing leader Debangshu Bhattacharya, who was addressing a public meeting at the time of the incident, rushed to the scene.
This is the first season of Mawlai's participation in the MSL and they have shown their strength and skill by winning all four matches. Rangdajied FC has been top of Group B points and will play against Shillong Lajong FC who have been top of Group C points. they still have one match left.
It covers an area of ​​28,869 sq.ft.
At the same time, RJTA through Publicity Secretary Rapmiki Pohti has requested the government to improve the management of the market so that it will not affect the market dwellers in the market after many of the market dwellers have been killed. COVID-19 infection.
Jowai: Jopthiaw Lyngdoh, 61, former Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Jaintia Hills and former IAS officer of East Jaintia Hills Government of Meghalaya today passed away at Bethany Hospital, Shillong.
Referring to the discussion that there is a difference between the politics of the Khasi and Garo as one of the followers of Dr Khonglam, Rymmai said that in the past there was no such difference. Capt Sangma was not strong enough and many of the works were conducted by Khasi government ministers, such as Bah DD Lapang.
For the fiftieth time we will read and ask, What Does It Mean to Be Holy? And it will be based on 2 Peter 3:14, “...doing your utmost to be found blameless and innocent before God...” However, in this verse there is no words holy or godly, but only the words that say, "to be without blemish" and these words refer to being holy.
I would rather have a closer relationship with someone else who wears the same clothes than with my own family.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Roykupar Synrem, today said that the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District is preparing a report to send to the Defense Estate Officer (DEO) on the number of people who have been arrested. illegally occupying the Survey Hill under the jurisdiction of the Cantonment Board and behind the Mawlong Market.
In the match between the two teams, Rohit Yadav of Cricket Lovers was named Player of the Match.
According to the CEM, the lack of laws on customs and traditions has destroyed the villages, raids and himas.
It doesn’t have to end with one generation.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest praised the Association for conducting this training for the journalists of Jaintia Hills as journalism is one of the fastest ways to provide information to the journalists of Jaintia Hills. She also urged the journalists to be truthful, to provide accurate information to the public and at the same time to be an example to the public. others.
In Mairang there is a tree planted by the British in the past and I think it is a Sycamore and it is not seen anymore even in Shillong. seeds but they die as soon as the rain comes.
The Government in collaboration with KFW has set up MegARISE, he said, “This is an attempt to support the development of new environmental resources, as well as to to purify and especially for the newness of our life and that is Water.
He said that if the United States has 50 states, there is no problem for India, which is the largest democracy in the world, to implement the demands for the creation of a new state according to the language of the country. thylliej and the nature of the rule of law, customs and traditions.
There is another finding by the CAG that there are 43,197 households, which show that there are 11 household members and 201 households. Chandigarh, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu have also received pension benefits.
In this regard, the Waheh Shnong has submitted a petition to the Minister to address the issue of the residents.
He said the government will look into the recommendations of the NEC and the Finance Department to increase the allocation of funds to the NEC. a new service called “DoNER at Doorstep” or “DoNER at Doorstep”.
On this occasion, Bah Latiplang said that he will have to gather all the facts to ensure that the Syiem has done so.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has announced that the curfew and lockdown have been lifted to combat the spread of Covid-1
Lyngdoh scored two hat-tricks, one against Sporthood FC 20-0 and another against Bangalore Youth Football League. he didn't score four goals.
Righteous N Sangma, former EM of GHADC, Babellapara constituency7
“You are talking about the MLA of the area who has done well but remember that there is not only one government school up to class 10 in the whole area of ​​Pynursla. and the government religious organizations and our leaders don't want to build schools in the area,” he said.
The DHTE has directed the students to submit their applications to the DHTE office at the Additional Secretariat from 7th July to 17th July to complete the requirements.
The Niti Ayog's Index for Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) looks at the performance of states and small states in terms of economic growth and income generation. literature, environmental protection and social work.
He said that people in plain clothes are collecting money in front of the police, near the gate which has been set up to prevent crime, but this incident has brought shame to the entire police department. other.
After the funeral, Mandela's body will be buried in his hometown of Qunu, where world leaders will attend the funeral.
The following year (2017), the central government sent the CBI to investigate NDTV founder Pranoy Roy and his wife.
The DC feels that this incident is a community issue and needs to be worked together to curb it.
This special day reminds government authorities around the world of their need and duty to empower and support the media and journalists as well.
Diengshynrum Sports Club and Sutnga Mission Sports Club have won the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on artificial turf at Diengshynrum.
The gold was seized by the security forces of the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI).
However, Meghalaya lost all wickets for the loss of 144 runs in the first innings and 114 runs in the second innings.
He said the group will meet with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare and the Commissioner of Food Safety, Kong RM Kurbah to discuss the issue. They didn't know where the fish were tested and found to contain formalin.
Meanwhile, Sohryngkham MDC and NPP leader Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that the struggle is not over yet for the post of KHADC. The CEM to appoint the EMs and Dy.CEMs, Pyniaid said that the work is not over yet because the High Court order has set certain rules for the CEM in which he has to prove. “The struggle is not over, the 40-page High Court order contains many rules that in the end, the CEM needs to “Without the majority, we cannot continue as CEM, and we will fight,” said Pyniaid.
However, it was reported that at the scene, the 12 tire truck hit the Bolero and those inside the Bolero were seriously injured.
This was announced by the Public Secretary of the Union, Shanbor Shati.
"If we live, we must share in the rapture, and if we die, we shall share in the first resurrection.
Resolution on the news of the incident in Tlongpleng Village.
His work of preaching, saving, healing, delivering precious souls who were bound by the powers of Satan and many miracles that we cannot name in three and a half years through various works different according to the explanation of God's Word.
There are 25 teams participating in the MSL tournament including Mawlai Sports Club (Ssa), 7 Wasa United (WJDSA), Pyndengrei SCS (NDSA), Chipakkore Football Club (Dfat) .
The body was sent to SDM&HO Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem and afterwards it was placed at the morgue.
It is to be recalled that the union has already submitted a petition since 2021 to strongly oppose the JHADC to issue two Non Tribal Checks one in East Jaintia Hills and one in West Jaintia Hills on the grounds of search of documents. of foreigners who come to carry any goods within the border of Jaintia Hills.
Dipayan Nandi top scored with 87 runs from 60 balls, including nine fours and six sixes (6×6), while Rudra Singh Rathor scored 65 runs off 69 balls, with 9 fours.
The two Khasi Longkmie urged the law enforcement authorities to take action against the Dean of the CAU, ICAR Umiam.
The children who gathered in Srinagar came through scouting conducted in all parts and regions of the country from East, West, North, North and especially in the East. of the country.
Sangma also expressed his disappointment over the lack of schools specializing in Science and said, “Our students who want to study Science, who pass in this subject and Mathematics, but unfortunately, they don't have a solution at all and this is a topic, which we have to find solutions and move forward".
The UDP will contest for the parliamentary seats from Shillong and Tura.
For example, in terms of food and drink, the nation lives on others or on itself and how does governance help or not that the nation will be self-sufficient in food and drink? There is no development in the nation because the rule of law is not good and adequate.
According to Section 6(b) of COTPA, the sale of tobacco within 100 yards (300 feet) of schools will no longer be allowed.
Nongpoh, Lber 24: The District Tuberculosis Officer, Ri-Bhoi District today celebrated the World Tuberculosis Day with the aim of eradicating the disease. with the goal of ending TB and saving lives.
In Conclusion.
The Prime Minister of the country should speak and take responsibility for the situation in Manipur. A court tribunal should be set up to know the truth and to prepare a fair trial. to resolve the divisions of the ethnic groups in Manipur who have been involved in hatred and violence.
“Personally, I support this Bill and the Council has spent more than three years to draft this Bill.
At the same time, he also congratulated the office bearers of the Bible Society of India, Mawkyrwat Branch and also the believers within the Bible Society, Mawkyrwat Branch. The Bible Society of India has faced many difficulties in the implementation of its activities but with the cooperation of the Churches the work of the Lord has now moved forward from day to day. another.
If I don't look at the story, it shows that the original snap is in the Earth, the Word and the Kur in the days of the Holy Age.
They include Ekta Rani who won the gold medal, Tanishka Bhatia who won the silver medal and Kumud Saini who won the bronze medal.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister, Education Secretary, Samla Enlang Sawian, said that the lack of timely access to textbooks has caused teachers and students to schools will face difficulties and will also result in a huge loss of income and a decline in the academic performance of the students.
It is the first time in India and in the world that a cow cabinet meeting will be held.
