We understand that the Karbis have their own schemes to violate the rights of our fellow citizens,” he said.
These rice seeds were distributed to 30 farmers of Khliehtyrchi village in Mihmyntdu and Myntdu in Pynthorneiñ, West Jaintia Hills District.
During a visit to several rice fields, mostly in the district of West Khasi Hills, it was witnessed that the Covid-19 pandemic has brought about a major change in the daily lives of the farmers.
The Waheh Shnong said that the problem of garbage dump in Jowai without any inspectors has put the residents of Ri-Lum Jaintia in a state of shock. Head Quarter of West Jaintia Hills District and is also a source of income.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has come out to fight against the misuse of money and other fraud against voters in the upcoming elections in the state.
Dr War said that out of the 19 cases tested positive in East Khasi Hills District, 13 are BSF personnel, 2 are civilians, one is from Bihar and one is a high risk contact. the positive test.
The government has also focused on ensuring that all students receive the best possible education in appropriate educational institutions.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) through its President Samla Treiborlang R Suchen has congratulated the Officer In-Charge (OC) of Pynursla Police Station, Bah Nonglang for taking action to resolve the traffic jam. from Dawki Bridge to Umsyiem Bridge.
The meeting also approved the Information Technology Department to appoint two Manager and Assistant Manager GSI within the department. The Cabinet also approved the service rule of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board.
Recent developments have shown that the State is not ready to conduct the CUET examination. “We have wasted not only our time but also our money,” said the HITO leaders. Earlier, the union had spoken to the former Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen. Rymbui to release the CUET examination (who promised this), and that the students of the State will not have to show the CUET marks in order to enter classes, the union urges the Government to honor the covenant that you have made.
“Whether the introduction of the MRSSA Amendment Bill 2020 is good or not, I cannot say at present; However, if the state government introduces any law, it will be only for the benefit of the people of the state,” he said.
“Iawmusiang village has been severely affected by the garbage collected in Iawmusiang in front of the DC Office and Thomas Jones and our village is not a garbage dump. “Bring your own garbage to their homes until the government provides a garbage dump,” said Lywait.
In the past few days, we have seen that the second prime minister, has stopped those who used to talk on social media, on various issues, related to the work of government officials, from the ministers, officers and various government departments.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee (RBDCC), through a speech by Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh and President of the RBDCC, has strongly condemned the violence by the Assam government in those villages. border between Meghalaya and Assam.
“The excavation is going on from 6 pm to 6 pm every day,” said V Rozel Mawrie, Information Secretary of the party and Sports Secretary of the party, Bah S Silverstar Majaw.
The MP elections have started and all the political parties will come together to urge the people to vote for their candidate.
Speaking to media, Wandonbok Jyrwa said that the removal of H.Rosiland Jyrwa is a violation of the customs and traditions of the Raid Muluk Lawkhla. The Acting Syiem of Nongspung Hima, Paiem Kyntiew Syiemlieh, has appointed the Lyngdoh without informing the Jyrwa Kur who elected him.
However, the vice principal replied that they cannot do so because the school is a Christian minority school and they cannot do so because the Constitution of India allows to the minorities in the country to establish and run educational institutions according to their wishes and cannot oppose or restrict what the Constitution has stated.
“Even the powers given to them by the people as MDCs have not been able to do, how can they serve the people,” said Dr Donkupar.
That is why we need godly wisdom.
Tony said that at first they used to sit down late at night, even when Lorna slept and they drank, they watched TV together and then Sofiia used to follow Tony. , when he went to the gym and this, it made Lorna, his wife, very angry.
“My first visit to Meghalaya, my first stay in a rural area, in Mawlynnong and the first time I saw the bridges.
In his speech, he said that the youth of today do not understand the meaning of 'Kyntien Maian Blai' which means the word that unites the son of Ynniaw Wasa Ynniaw Wasung and Trekirot who is the king of all creatures in the world.
He urged the MDA government, which is concerned about the quality of education in the state, especially the deficit teachers, to implement the recommendation of the 5th Pay Commission to pay salaries to teachers besides the pension. to increase the DCRG to T.10 lakh equal to government employees, to implement the ACPS, and to release the second installment of salary before Christmas
Thus, to avenge Herod and to bring him closer to the Empire, the Caesars forcibly appointed Him King while Antigonus was sitting on the throne as King of the Jews.
Both the teams played strongly from the start.
“We will continue to complete this work.
Regarding the parking lot, he said that the JHADC is still waiting for the fund from the government to start the work. Through Fifteen Finance and SAG from the government which can provide assistance to these markets in the district, he promised to discuss within the Executive Committee for the needs of this market.
This reporter spoke to the owner of the land, Bah Saiñdorlang Janong from Mawthwan village and he said that he was the one who blocked the road.
He said that before the beginning of the Industrial Revolution, this environment which was ordered by God was ready to see tragic events from the destruction of the environment but gradually after the introduction of various factories this environment has started to deteriorate. and it was found that many tragic and terrible incidents have destroyed the environment and there has also been the loss of buildings and human lives.
On this occasion, an explanation on the benefits of Krai in the health of the people was given by Dr.RM Lamare, Govt.
“What will we do with the scheme?” said the Secretary of the NCPC. Bah Kharmuti said that no special speakers were invited to the public meeting. The meeting was attended by Bah Hillarius Warbah, actor, who is also the chief speaker of the party and Bah HS Shylla, former MLA/MDC of Nongkrem.
The statement of the Controller of Legal Metrology that there should be no underestimation or overestimation is meaningless because the buyers have tried to cheat the farmers.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers on Saturday, the candidate said, “There is a difference between the mid-term elections and this election because many candidates are contesting against and they were with me then, and are with me now.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong said that the state government will not allow the meeting between the states until the end of July.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Khan National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) today announced its candidate for the mid-term MDC elections from Laban constituency. year.
Experts who came to give the training included Dr J.Nongtdu, Head of Oral Substitution Therapy at Khliehriat Civil Hospital;
Like this saying, “Even the man who is in heaven still wants to find a place elsewhere.
The KSU has also criticized the education department for not announcing teacher vacancies on contractual basis and for not following the rules of calling for interviews and appointing teachers. She said that most of the time only those who have received the approval of the School Managing Committee or the Heasmaster or Headmistress are appointed and this affects the students who are entitled to receive. .
“We have arrested the suspect after we have seen the CCTV footage of the clothes he was wearing. “He wants to kill anyone,” said Bah Nongtnger, in some newspapers.
While Peter was walking along the road, he came to a shop and saw a man who was very worried and when he looked at it, it looked like he was hungry.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah KP Pangniang, MDC Rambrai, said that there has been an allegation from the people that the Rangbah Shnongs have misled them by announcing that the Bill has been passed. In fact, it is the MDCs who have sent information who have misled the Rangbah Shnongs.
Other non-NPP parties will oppose, but they will not succeed because they have more paid supporters of Garoland.
G.Costa).
Before the body was taken to the Lumparing Presbyterian Church, a funeral service was held by the Lumparing Presbyterian Church. by the Meghalaya Sports Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA).
The meeting will be chaired by the Deputy Chairman of the Council, Ma Ailad Bhoi.
The Phrang Thoh was held as part of the celebration of the Jubilee Tin and is also part of the opening of opportunities or encouragement to the youth in the field of literature.
"Song-song before drinking tea," said the master in a beautiful dress. "Thank you, master," said Bruton respectfully and gave him the present.
Therefore, in one word, I would like to express my opinion on this: With great respect, I request that we should stop using insults that affect the human dignity and the personal life of anyone.
In these rural schools, vocational education should be provided.
This family is the one who lives by mining coal.
“If anyone is found guilty, they will not be punished according to the law,” said Bah Mutshwa Thabah, General Secretary of Sohphoh Village.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : The Minister of Transport, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, on Tuesday said that they cannot stop the tourists coming from Assam only at the Inter State Bus Terminal. commercial vehicles around where they want to go.
“Where are you going?
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has hoped that the party candidate, Bah Balajiedkupar Synrem, son of the late Dr Donkupar Roy, will win more seats than his father in the mid-term elections. Samoa and Shella constituency.
He said that the ILP is a strict law to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into Meghalaya to protect the rights and culture of our indigenous people and community groups. “Without the protection measures through the ILP, the influx of foreigners through the railway connection could seriously affect the society and the country. the book of the villagers of Jaintia Hills.
Part of his body was reportedly destroyed and Thapa was last seen on 18th November.
Candidates and supporters say it is my speech, another party from another party says the same thing.
In another development, the WJDSA has announced that the Second Division-6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy will start from the 22nd of July.
This was announced by KSU President Daniel Khyriem while talking to reporters after a meeting with the Minister on Tuesday.
With this Free Trade Agreement, the production of pharmaceuticals in the country was established.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the party including Luistar Lyngdoh, George Sangsang and Ricky Majaw, said that the reason for the visit was to inspect the school. , is to make them aware of the burden and difficulties faced by both students and teachers.
In a statement, SSAM President Alfin Sun and Secretary Wansei Bor Shabong said that according to the documents received by the SSAM, it was found that the appointment of Acting Sirdar, Edward Kurbah, was wrong. He is a member of the Congress party who holds the post of Mawphlang Block Congress Committee.
Willy B Marak from Darichekre and Thunila CH Marak from Daribukre both villages in West Garo Hills spoke on the occasion.
God, full of love and mercy, is like a father and mother, who know in advance what their children need and before they ask, they give it to their children.
Nongpoh, July 20: The Joint Action Committee of Umsning Headman Umsning, today, was formed by the elders of Umsning area. The area and purpose of this committee is to look into the condition of the Nongthymmai-Umtrew road.
Shillong: The State Police have lodged a complaint against the owner of a Facebook page known as 'Khasi Paka' for posting a public post on Facebook. that the state police should arrest those who oppose CAA and those who demand ILP in the state.
After a thorough investigation, the union has found that the foreigner belongs to the Thapa clan and the union has not received any documents to prove the identity of the foreigner. a foreigner who belongs to the Thabah clan but except for the EPIC voter and a Village Certificate from Nongdom Village with the Thabah clan after his name.
Once the order is issued, the owners of the mines will have 14 days to pay the tax to the state government according to their coal availability.
Therefore, the union urged the government to provide this health center for the benefit of the residents.
Eid-ul-Azah will be celebrated on the 12th of April, if it coincides with the new moon, according to the Muslim belief, or the month of Zilhaj.
“It is the voters who have the power and can elect the leaders they want and not the garbage to elect the MLAs or MDCs,” he added.
The HYC, under the leadership of Bah John Nongrum, President HYC Ribhoi District, found that the shortage has been happening for more than a year and the HYC has found that the water tanks, which are installed in the HYC Ribhoi District, Some of the villagers have to fetch water from the forest and some of them have to buy it for their needs.
He said that the government has also issued orders to the meat vendors not to spread the meat in front of the shops as it causes health problems to the people. but they shall be kept in a neat and clean manner to avoid the spread of insects.
President, Vice President and General Secretary – Ex-officio.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U Finance Secretary of the GNLA, Rakkam D Shira, has escaped from the police station on Saturday morning. The GNLA leader was still meeting with his girlfriend.
King Wickliffe joined the army through the Assam Civil Transport Corps (7th Porter) in
The Dorbar Shnong under the leadership of Ranghah Shnong Bah Lambor Mukhim Bina together with the Secretary Shnong and members of the Dorbar Shnong joined hands and took an active part in the distribution of blankets to the people.
On a tip from West Garo Hills Police, Shillong Police raided the house of Khrawbok and seized some heroin from his body.
He said that the Central Government has not yet released the funds and the Community and Rural Development Department is still waiting for the release of the funds which should be released by the State Government.
Similarly, it was said that Israel is not listening to international calls for a ceasefire because Hamas has also not released all the hostages from Israel since the beginning of the war on March 7, 2023.
“I used to tell them that if you have many allegations against the NPP-led Government, please follow the legal process and we cannot hide anything.
Bah Hamlet said that the increasing number of youths who are addicted to drugs is a major concern for the society.
Also present on the occasion were Rickman Momin, General Secretary, Dr. Fenela Lyngdoh, BJP MP candidate, Dr. Speaking on the occasion, Wankit Pohshna, President of the BJP, Silentstar Ranee, Secretary, BJP Ri-Bhoi, and other leaders of the BJP party. The government scheme launched by the Prime Minister of the country to provide assistance to those garment manufacturers and manufacturers to improve the country and the income of the people which is the objective of the Vikasit Bharat Sankalp India is expected to grow by
Referring to the decision of the government to temporarily implement the Ordinance , the CEM said that the District Council strongly opposes the Ordinance and this is only the government 's intention to overthrow the powers of the District Council District Councils, in order to be able to take over the powers of District Councils.
In order to incentivize further participation and promotion of coal production, the 20% discount has been increased to 50% for those successful bidders who use their coal for coal gasification and liquefaction.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, today met with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, to discuss the issue of The need to amend the Schedule Tribes List of 1950 and to do so requires a firm decision from the political parties.
The JNC has unanimously elected Shanborlang Bamon as its president and Diamon Bareh as its general secretary.
He spoke about the achievement of the Government to lift more than 13 crore people out of poverty.
West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJH) has lost three wickets in the first innings, but this has not been a problem for WJH. They scored 8.58 runs per over in 12 overs.
In 2021-22, the government has set a target of 3.38 lakh water supply to rural households.
All those living in dangerous areas are requested to evacuate to safer places.
Trinamool Congress leader Sheikh Shahjahan, who is accused of land theft and rape of women from Sandeshkhali in West Bengal, has been sent to prison for 14 days. The police have been questioned by the Basirhat Court today.
The NGT has also directed the state government to prepare its reply on the hearing on the 10th of March.
All the houses are built of traw and tynriew and many kinds of wood.
Dr Marbaniang, who is also the leader of the Khasi Jaintia Catholic Association, said that as of now, they are satisfied but they are waiting for a letter from the media to confirm this promise. watch the work they do.
Nazarius said that according to Prestone, the government has no intention of abolishing the muster roll and this was also suggested in the report of the Meghalaya 5th Pay Commission. .
It was in 1962 that they started living in this area during the Assam government and now the Meghalaya government.
After rescuing Kumar, police opened fire for about 10-15 minutes but the kidnappers fled.
From Shallang to Nongchram which is only 12 KM away there are many gates including the Entry Gate which costs 200 tyngka but according to the order is 20 tyngka, Parking lot 200 tyngka, Mono poly according to the order 200 tyngka but each truck was charged 300 tyngka, the Non-Tribal Gate which was charged up to 500 tyngka, the toll gate which claimed to be the State Transport Authority Shillong without a sign board and which was charged 300 tyngka per truck. Without order, 300 tyngka per truck was left at home.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state has become safer as there are no new cases of Covid-19 in the state. until today.
On the other hand, the party expresses its gratitude to the former MLA of the area, Bah Julius Dorphang for bringing in this police station during his tenure. the public.
He also reminded that if they don't work hard, it will be a loss for their future in education.
The KSU Phlangdiloin Area Unit has awarded 14 students from four villages of the Phlangdiloin area namely Rngimawpat, Rangkhiat, Pyndensynnia and Phlangdiloin who have achieved excellence in their studies and in their fields of study. various ranks from those who passed matriculation and above which was held at the Dorbar Shnong Phlangdiloiñ.
Speeches were also delivered by the school authorities including the school authorities and other authorities.
The woman said that she had previously taken over and sold a shop but when she did not get a Trading License after applying, it was taken over by the owner and now it is no longer hers.
The citizens of every constituency in Meghalaya are suffering from corruption.
Wanrihun is a child who has been trained at the Grassroot Center, which is one of the training centers supported by the Sports Department of TASA and She is a student of Class VII at Tyrsad Higher Secondary School. There are at least 80 boys and girls in this training camp with two coaches. It is hoped that a player like Wanrihun will get the opportunity to lead the state.
There are no land suitable for rice fields in this area, except for a few land and most of the villagers use to cultivate hill rice by cutting down the forests.
He said that the UDP and the HSPDP are the two oldest ethnic parties and they have a long-standing cooperation for the benefit of the people of the state.
On the other hand, he urged the youth that when they have a responsibility for the country and the nation, they should also have a responsibility for the welfare of the people by being responsible. also in the fields where society is currently in the midst of struggles to eradicate the widespread evils such as drugs, alcohol and others which are the cause of harm to young children.
It is a shocking incident when a dead man went to cover the body of a coffin and this is the incident, which happened, after a train overturn in Odisha.
In another match, Da -i-Hi Mynsngat beat Iooksi Youth Welfare 3-2 by tie breaker after the match ended 2-2
“Flee from covetousness: for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth.
Nongpoh: A foreign organization known as the Gau Gyan Foundation, has raided the Masi Market in Baridua and alleged that it is an illegal market. The market has not been opened for four days.
Speaking to media after filing his nomination papers, he said that he went ahead to file his nomination papers after the Hima officials suggested that he contest. the election.
Tura is also a gateway to the remote areas and therefore, it will help in getting development projects,” said ACHIK. Shillong will be more accessible especially during the rainy season due to the high influx of people from abroad.
Of greatest concern is that number of students who develop that severe myopia.
He said that there are two bridges connecting the area with Assam, one at Umsiang and one at Amdubi Dhubighat which allows people to come and go through this bridge but now the It is interesting that the residents have understood the seriousness of covid-19 and have closed this footbridge to prevent people from Assam from entering Meghalaya.
At present, due to the shortage of electricity, the government has to spend about T.3 crore per day to purchase electricity.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The attempt to start implementation of the Pynursla Bypass under package-III of the Shillong-Dawki road, has been hampered and could not be confirmed due to the protests of the villagers. This was announced before the Meghalaya High Court, while hearing the PIL filed by Kaustav Paul.
“If milk can be delivered to people's homes, then kyiad can also be delivered to people's homes,” he said.
Aam AAP Rajya Sabha MP Raghav Chadha on Friday denied that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had made unfounded allegations against him. forged the signatures of Members of Parliament when their names were proposed without permission for inclusion in the group under the Delhi Services Bill.
When we turn to our own state, perhaps the Khasi language is not really poor, not rich, but we can say that it is in the middle, because its own language is still spoken. and it is written in the book of the law unto this day.
The General Secretary of KHNAM said that there was a time in the past when applications were invited for the post of LD in the Secretariat. They are on the waiting list while the Garo candidates who have passed the examination have not been able to fill the 40% quota. “Sometimes when you enter the Secretariat, you feel like it's Tura,” said Bah Batkupar, referring to the large number of Garo people inside the Secretariat. by Police Reservation.
Why didn't the Seng Bhalang protest at that time, when Mukul Sangma broke the decision of the Committee? The ILP has an Inner Line Permit Act which has been extended to the NE Region. ), which has been implemented for a long time in Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and has now been approved for Manipur.
Sheetal Devi, Bhavina Patel and Pramod Bhagat are among the prominent players who will take part in the tournament.
On the other hand, the President of Sein Raij Tuber, Helping Phawa, said that according to the information of the residents of the neighboring village and the area, the slaughter of animals has continued since the ban on coal mining.
Then on 31st November, 2011, the Syiem withdrew T.5 lakh but it did not appear in the Cashbook. On 28th November, 2012, he withdrew T.8 lakh and on the 30th, On November 1, 2012, he withdrew T.3.68 lakh tyngka (Three lakh seventy-five thousand tyngka) and this too was allegedly not explained at all.
Is the boundary of the District Council not the boundary of Meghalaya?
However, another child from home was sent by his parents to study science abroad.
The leader of the KJNU is Niman N Shadap.
The Ministry of Sports has clarified that the venues for the National Game 2022 will be in Shillong and Garo Hills. bag that needs.
The failure to fulfill their duties to live righteously and rise in the blessings of God, those who do not suit themselves with the golden crown in their souls, their minds and their thoughts, fall into the hands of the temptation and being led away – to the color of the right path called 'U Bana-jrong'
The first semifinal of the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy will be played between Lion and Chutwakhu on the 27th at 1.30 pm.
Blue Bomber's FC beat KMC FC Sonapur 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium. Blue Bomber's have qualified for the quarter finals of the tournament.
Therefore, in order to achieve good health, we all need to learn to eat good foods that will not harm the body.
Shillong, June 04: The collapse of water pipes in Mawkriah on the evening of 3rd June has caused water shortage in Shillong and surrounding villages.
The rally today was a sign of protest against the shooting of civilians who gathered yesterday before the morning prayer. shoot directly from the head and shoulders of opponents.
“Political work should not last for five years in the constituency and now we will work together without listening to anyone's allegations,” he said. Recently, he said that it is through the love and trust of the people and from now on to work with him and the leaders for the MLA schemes. but only three large public meetings ended the opposition.
Besides, he said that some projects have been stalled due to lack of electricity supply and many of the projects require the operation of water pumps.
He was arrested by the State Police at Golf Link, Shillong on Tuesday.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Government will operate 240 more buses in the state for the convenience of passengers in the city.
He said that in those places where complaints have been received, the Council has also sought clarification from these landlords.
Expressing that many such schemes will come this year, Bah Shangpliang said, “As you all know that this Government is the Government of the people and for that reason it has already approved. 27,000 crore in the current fiscal year”.
There are 594 and 453 cases in East Khasi Hills respectively.
A photograph of Pai Simli from Assam and a smart card from Meghalaya in the name of Pailostar Syiemlieh. He said that the Seng has received information about the smuggling of a person named Pailostar Syiemlieh who has claimed to be the Gaonburrah of Mawlan B and has hidden it. many voter photographs and passport sizes of the people to vote in Assam and also to get schemes from Assam.
In the same village, a house was robbed of 70,000 tyngka on the 29th of this month.
He said that through this tournament, it will help and rapidly develop agriculture in the North East.
It was also decided that the members of the Council will meet the Governor to urge him to pass the Khasi Hills Autonomous Bill. District ( Constitution of Council of Traditional Dorbar ) Bill, 2019.
There are 68 members elected from the Scheduled Caste and 16 from the Scheduled Tribe.
It is indeed a shame to tell of their evil deeds when the conscience has died from these unjustly rich people.
“The main task of the Sub-committee is to seek the necessary documents related to the Khasi language so that it can be included in the Eight Schedule,” she said.
Blatter said he had decided not to run for FIFA president because he had resigned earlier.
He said that during this meeting he informed the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that the concern is not only for the people living on the other side of the Umngot River, but if the Umngot River is dammed it will cause loss of livelihoods. It is a great opportunity for tourism workers.
However, just a few minutes later, Thun FC scored the first goal through F.Syndai in the 65th minute before Zaza scored the winning goal in the 69th minute.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: All India Radio Shillong has organized a meeting of poets on the theme “Stories in Poetry” at Don Bosco Youth Centre, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
“Under Article 25 of the Constitution of India it is clearly stated that spiritual or religious belief is a private matter with personal understanding.
According to police information, the coal mine is allegedly owned by a man named Kwen Shylla, who is the Waheh Shnong of Moolang.
Speaking on the occasion, Robertjune Kharjahrin said, “The election of Members of Parliament in Delhi is not a job, it is a job of life and death to advocate for the people in the Khadar system especially for the people. I am a paid citizen in the state of Meghalaya.
So I fought against the village and refused to stay at home.
HH Mohrmen, Secretary of SURE explained about these PGS groups and said that this is the first time that SURE has been able to open such a facility to the farmers. SURE is working and will soon be open to others.
“We don't receive the exact funds from the central government and for this reason, the plan to complete the market has been delayed and the Council has not been able to release the funds to the contractors,” said Bah Lyngdoh. The Executive Member said that the contractors have faced difficulties in getting employees and this is another reason for the delay.
The Assam government's position on Mukroh has become stronger this time, as it has submitted a written request to the Legislative Assembly.
Regarding the word “Peace”, it is interesting that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs has used an approach to hold the Shad Lakhempong without involving politicians.
He encouraged them to work harder and look for more opportunities as this is a victory that will pave the way for them to see what they should do in the future.
The Government of Mr. Conrad Sangma has acted too quickly on the border settlement issue, until the Hima affected by the border settlement with Assam, have opposed and intend to take legal action if not look carefully.
On the issue of the loss of thousands of jobs: Look at the time of the court closure, the suffering and loss of jobs is not thousands, but thousands of people, but slowly, they start earning in other ways .
He said that it is this Dkhar Muslim who has increased his income from being a taxi driver (Ambassador) to Malik with the kind purchase of a Jeep by Md.Riaz. T.1.20 lakh which he donated only T.20 thousand while T.1 lakh was donated by Md.Riaz.
“There is money, there is no shortage but we have to spend according to the work, not just spend,” said an officer from the Finance Department of the state government.
Speeches were also delivered by the Assistant Rangbah Shnong of Nongbet, Bah Edward Lynshiang, Bah Paul Snaitang Rangbah Dong who expressed his gratitude to Bah Hamlet Dohling for donating 85,000 tyngka for this purpose. Bah K Thangkhiew and all the residents of the village who have taken part in the installation of the water tank.
More than 3,800 students from 18 schools and colleges in different districts have received soft skill training and also to showcase their talents through the Aspire Meghalaya programme.
Other needs, the BJP Government in Delhi, provides by visiting almost every time, many times, only by doing so, the help comes, otherwise it is useless.
The employment agency has misrepresented in its documents that the child is 19 years old although she is still 17 years old.
KSU Mawprem Unit after searching for foreigners who collect money from time to time in Mawprem village and on this 29th March, 2022 arrested another foreigner who came to collect money from them residents of Mawprem area by distributing appeal letters to the public saying that he is a speechless person, deaf and dumb, mother who died due to childbirth don't have two heads and don't die because of electric shock and so on.
The size is as mentioned below:-Put the fertilizer in these plates and cover them in the rows as mentioned above.
To protect and save the nation, we should demand from the government to develop an International & Inner Love Permit (IILP); a new medicine, that if any Khasi woman marries a mynder or khyllahjait, she and her children are no longer Khasi; for these children of mine have no seed, no blood, no Khasi appearance.
BJP leaders including the president of the youth department, the party and members came to take part in the protest.
“I am very sorry that I have to pay for water, because this is the constituency of the Chief Minister.
Referring to Agatha, who is now the NPP MP from Tura Parliamentary Constituency, Ronnie said it is up to the people to judge and decide whether she has provided services to the people of Garo Hills.
He said the eGoal program has nine subjects including Sport for Development and Peace, Sustainable Development Goals, Philanthropy in Football, Diversity and Inclusion, Safeguarding and Child Protection, Civic Engagement and Ethical Volunteering.
He said that a nation that knows righteousness is a living nation.
Because I don't want to take the initiative to protect the people of the state as a whole.
Sources said that this road may not be three inches wide like the Nongstoiñ Urkali road.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the fish vendors said that in the past there has never been such a fish market because the fish have been delivered to the place where they sell.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: U Hamlet Kharjana, owner of 60 to 65 acres of land in Mawmaram, Hima Soh, has applied for NOC from the Sordar of Mawmaram. Ham ding Kurbah to prove that he owns the land and asked the Sordar for permission to sell the land to a doctor who intends to build a hospital in the village.
These are only a few of the things I have said, but if I say them all, a book has been published on this subject.
“The North East Olympic Games not only brings about the provision of venues but especially for the athletes who are able to compete.
Shillong: There has been a dispute within the PDF over the appointment of the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
The Rangbah Shnong of Quallapaty, Bah M.Pyrbot, said that the village would like to thank all the people who have been involved in extinguishing the fire since 17th November.
Shillong, Lber 19 : The National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) is now preparing to hand over the construction of the abandoned road to others. on the Shillong-Dawki road.
It is true that these scientists no longer want to cultivate the land like farmers.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today informed that during the meeting with the Union Minister of State for Child Development, he briefed him on the work of the AMRUT scheme. During the meeting, the Union Minister was urged to release funds for the implementation of urban water supply schemes in Meghalaya under the title of “Urban Water Scheme”.
Elefery, known as Abu Suja, was killed in a US airstrike while ISIS militants were marching near Mosul in northern Iraq.
“Even after the government has urged them not to commit illegal acts, this illegal organization has continued to kill, kidnap, demand money and intimidate the people,” he said.
On the other hand, the Government is committed to resolving these issues.
They may have been tanned, they turned off the light a little bit"
MINORITY in English, means MINORITY, in Khasi.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Joint Action Committee (JACBOM) on Tuesday strongly condemned the shooting death of the Co-Chairman of the JACBOM, Bah Charlie J. Rani. at the same time the President of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM).
“While Bah Pynïaid was saying these words, a table was witnessed as a sign of approval from other MDCs who supported Bah Pynïaid Singh.
When asked about the news that the Prime Minister will contest from the two constituencies, James said, “I don't know whether he will contest from two seats or not and you have to ask the Prime Minister”.
The two groups who met with the CEM said that the CEM has replied that the matter will be considered by a special committee of KHADC headed by Mawkyrwat MDC Hadrian Lyngdoh. .
On this occasion, the supporters handed over a memorial gift to Bah Banteidor in the presence of the office bearers of the PDF Zonal Committee, PDF Central Executive Committee and others including Dr Amanda A Pakynteiñ, wife of Bah Banteidor. Mr. Banteidor.
Arunachal Pradesh received 253.1 mm of rainfall, 22 per cent of the normal rainfall, while 372.9 mm of rainfall was 79 per cent higher.
“Meghalaya is a state where the majority of the population is Christian and there are also others who follow traditional religions as well as other religions like Hindu, Muslim and others.
There used to be a case, where a golden opportunity came in a person's life and this happened to a person in Indonesia.
In this constituency, the contest between the UDP candidate for Shella MDC Teinwell Dkhar and the independent candidate for Congress, Bantyngshain Rynga, who is standing for in the shap of the sun.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 10 : Australian triple jumper and gold medalist Ian Cambell, who broke the world record since 1980, has arrived in Meghalaya for the selection programme. .
In another development, the National Awakening Movement Youth Wing (NAWM) will hold a public hearing at Jaiaw Parking Lot, Motphran on the 30th November 2014 from 10.00 to 11:30 pm. The 152nd Death Anniversary of Kiang Nangbah.
The aim is to work with the village authorities to help explain to the residents the need to register themselves when they reach the age of voting.
At the time of writing, the National Highway Authority of India (NHIA) is working hard to clear the road to remove the large trees and stones that have fallen and covered the road.
In the Under 11 category, Dongsurok will play against Madanlyngkhi and in the Under 14 category, Diengsong YC will play against Mawkma YC. CS Marbaniang, President of the Laitryngew Youth Association, said in a statement.
With these two goals, Lajong players have been able to continue to fight harder.
Finally, the union requested to improve the damaged road from Amlarem to Pdengshakap of Amlarem Muktapur Road.
However, the money can become the owner and the poor Meghalayans have to pay the money.
The two children were identified as Firstme Chyrmang, 13, son of Charda Chyrmang of Pamrapaithlu and Kyrchan Chyrmang, 14, son of Marphi Chyrmang of Nartiang.
He said the most important thing is that the two states, Assam and Meghalaya, should talk face to face to resolve this issue which has been pending for a long time.
Fortunately, there were policemen nearby, who separated the two men who had started touching each other.
“We have handed over to the Indian government to take a decision on star cement because the state government cannot do anything on this issue, even though we have tried,” he said.
Last month, Ukraine shot down about 20 drones and missiles sent by Russia in the worst attack on Ukraine this month. .
Regarding the measures taken to address the price drop, the Minister said that the Mawiong Wholesale Market has a capacity of more than 21,000 MT. At the time of the decline in the price of synsar, it has opened the door for the farmers to get higher prices.
Standby players: Ruturaj Gaikwad, Mukesh Kumar, Suryakumar Yadav.
Even if the NPP expels the UDP with harsh words, the UDP, which has no value and no power, will not come out of this MDA 2.0 Government.
The Shiv Sena has said that the BJP's Hindutva and love of cows is a sham and alleged that its Hindutva values ​​have changed color and become two characteristics according to the needs of the state. in all parts of the country.
He said that according to the RTI information, the government has not been able to provide detailed information on the extent of the border at the time of the separation of Meghalaya from Assam and this is evident from the documents. received from the Government of Meghalaya as well as from the District Councils.
There was also the breaking of the trees.
The fourth was the Cultural Passion against the Caroline Colony.
In the junior girls category (52 kg), East Khasi Hills won by defeating West Khasi Hills.
Dr Mukul has written to the Chief Minister to express that the transfer of police has affected the management of the department.
In Ribhoi, there are 109 registered candidates in 2018 and 2030 unemployed candidates.
Then the State of Manipur was also included in the indigenous peoples known as the Manipuris.
However, it is clear that the dislike of Thomas Jones by the Welsh Mission in Khasi Hills and the Mother Church in Wales was due to his speech and opposition to the tyrannical rulers of the British East India Company. .
The tournament was organized by Eagle Commando International Martial Arts Shorin Ryu Shido from Texas, USA.
The plane, carrying 68 passengers and four crew members, crashed just a few kilometers after taking off from Kathmandu to Pokhara.
PDF leaders including Hamletson Dohling and Hadrian Lyngdoh also laid wreaths at the memorial of Soso Tham.
On the same day, the book Tales of Darkness and Light by Janet Hujon was also launched.
How can we expect an MLA to serve those 50,000 people properly? Even at the end of his five years as MLA, we don't expect the Mawlai MLA to be able to provide assistance to all the villages in the constituency.
Earlier, the MLA said that the road from Mawphlang to Balat is the oldest road since the time of the Assam government and therefore needs the government's attention.
In one of the researches it was found that various ethnic groups from the Austro-Asiatic group have migrated throughout East and West Asia and one of them is the Khasi ethnic group.
The Indian team has played against the team 40 times in the ODI World Cup, in which India have won four times and lost five times. khur victory.
He said that many of the residents are still afraid to go to the white houses or to complain to the police even if they are insulted or attacked and the reason is because they think that when they A complaint to the police or a complaint against the victim will be affected, especially in the cost of services.
Dr. Mukul also called upon the people to come together to fight against these forces and to form a government to protect the rights of the people including the right to freedom of religion. the incident in Assam.
Isn't it a mistake that these things happen to the state?
The arrest of the suspects started from the 1st of July to the 8th of November, and the police report shows that 54 members of the suspects were arrested. Thirty-nine others were shot dead by the police.
It has been ruled by many kings of the world about 25 times.
Referring to the decision of the police to increase security in Shillong, Kong Ampareen said that too much police is not good and too little is not good.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the shooting by Assam police in Mukroh which resulted in the death of six people was an attempt to kill the people.
"It's like a job, Maggie.
Those who have been tested at the Polo Sample Collection Centre/Civil Hospital and other places and who have to stay at these Corona Care Centres, will have to pay the food fee at these Corona Care Centres. days that they stay.
The Government has allocated up to Rs 360 crore for economic development, skills training and income generation in the community.
Last month, the Enforcement Police under the leadership of Inspector Bah RF Lyngkhoi raided the areas of West and South West Khasi Hills as well as Balat. I haven't had a license for more than 20 years.
They also asked all the leaders of Karbi Anglong whether they came out only during the polling but where did they go at such a time when this place will be taken away.
Shillong: Shillong has received 22.0 millimeters of rainfall in the last 24 hours.
Heavy vehicles carrying goods have been banned from passing through the bridge since the announcement of this news until further notice.
Last year, West Jaintia Hills won the title after winning 14 gold, 6 silver and 3 bronze medals in the State Level Inter School Athletic Meet.
The venue will be used to house musicians and singers.
Research has shown that the Khasi and other Trai Ri groups living in the North East of India have settled in this area as farmers.
He said that at this meeting it was discussed to divide the roads into different parts such as larger, smaller roads, village roads and freight roads, so that they can be improved. road according to the parts.
At the same time, voices of condemnation were heard against the Government of Manipur under the leadership of N.Biren Singh for the situation in the State and others. others.
The two villages have submitted a letter to the DC against Assam's plan to build a road and university on 5000 acres on the border and admitted that this area falls within the boundary of the two villages.
He said that there are many cases where MDCs have interfered with the working methods of Syiems, Sordars, Doloi and so on.
The owner can do as much as the mom owns.
“I think if the government wants to do this, it can do it,” said Dr Tariang. He added that the government can provide hospitals with their own lines to relieve the power outage. .
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that this is the beginning of the process of finding ways and means to resolve the disputes in the seven designated areas.
Perhaps these claims may be true.
The fair was attended by the Doctor of Ummulong PHC, Counselor RKSK, officials of MHIS, Prime Minister Matru Vandana Yojana (PMMVY) and others.
The Seng which looks after the welfare of the country and the nation once again urges you to take action because why can they drive these vehicles to other places and we expect that in our place too they should not be able to earn free illegally here as they please.
Chatrath yesterday arrived in Shillong to attend a one-day workshop to discuss the implementation of the Nav Kalp.
Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, IDBL officials, school children, Rangbah Shnong and villagers were present to witness the event.
The sources said that the residents of the village, as soon as they saw the laying of the foundation stone by the Assam government officials, they were very angry and on that basis, the residents of the village, go and break it in the evening.
Kitborlang Marbaniang, who is studying in class II at an LP School in Umlur Village, is the fourth son of Bah Synshar Nongyndah and Kong Diona Marbaniang.
Syrti SP Ri Bhoi, senior government officials, village leaders and others.
“However, this information through RTI by the Transport Department of the State Government has killed and terminated the report of the Inquiry Committee, which demands action according to the law against the members of the Committee,” said Bah. Move.
Earlier, KHADC CEM Pynshngain N Syiem said the VAB has been prepared since 2010 and in 2011 the opinions of the Syiems, Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs and even the Sengbhalang have been sought.
He also criticized the lack of attention of the present government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma, which has affected the people of the state.
“We also want to inform that Laitumkhrah is strong and does not want any people to cause trouble,” he said.
We believe that most of those who have fallen victim to drug abuse and immorality are the children of millions, the children of noble families.
The seized cows and other items were handed over to the relevant authorities for further investigation.
These food items were distributed by HANM on Saturday as part of the support to these families after they have lost the opportunity to go to work due to the COVID-19 lockdown.
After the lehniam at Law Nongthroh, there was a ceremony to honor the mei mawbuh in which there was a sacrifice, a khriam, a beitdak and a peteshin by the elders to receive the blessings for the procession. on the 2nd of June.
On the participation of the Seng Khihlang in the speech of Bah SK Sun, Bah O Pyngrope said that it is up to the Seng Khihlang because on behalf of the Seng Khasi and she sent no man to go, but those who went went by themselves.
He said he has not received any assistance from the government.
Explaining about the incident, Bah SK Dewkhaid, Rangbah Shnong of Kenbah Malai, and a relative of Bah Aiban, said that on the 10th of June, At 8:30 pm, Bah Aiban came running to the place where he intended to kill himself with a sword and a stick in his hand and sat there.
The Central Government and the State Government shall allocate and distribute special assistance to all those schools which teach the Khasi language.
The vehicle was on its way to the border when it was arrested by BSF and Baghmara police.
On these grounds, the KSU has requested the DC Ri Bhoi to take action and immediately stop the proposal to build a gate at this place. In the area, they strongly oppose the proposal to build a military gate in the area.
OUR LIFE ON EARTH IS SHORT “Our time here is short.
Consider the example of Mary, who ran out of wine and went to tell Jesus.
Border areas do not require registration fees especially those that cross the border.
The breastplate was made of lamb's hair, which was a symbol of the Lamb, who is Christ himself, the sacrificed Lamb of God, who takes away the sins of the world, the Judge. good shepherd, who takes care of his flock or his followers.
However, at the same time, he said that they cannot speak in detail as they will hold a meeting this evening to prepare for tomorrow's power struggle.
Pursuant to this notice in terms of sub section (1) and clauses (v) and (xiv) of sub-section (2) and sub-section (3) of section 3 of the Environment (Protection) Act 1986 (29 of 1986) The Central Government has already announced that the area from 1.20 kilometers to 7.70 kilometers from the boundary of the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary in the State of Meghalaya will be protected. Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary is an eco-sensitive zone and covers an area of ​​194.23 square kilometers.
In China, the country where the outbreak began, two out of three deaths were reported to be men.
“When you set up an outpost, you should also provide adequate police and guns along with bullets and the power to shoot if necessary to protect your fellow citizens. “It is still happening that the Meghalaya police did not dare to shoot the Assam police without orders,” said Bah Synrem.
The tournament will be held at Patliputra Sports Complex, Kankarbagh, Patna from 6th to 9th June.
On the other hand, the ICYM requests all the believers and especially the youth from different parishes to take their time together on this special day and participate in this day.
Ka jingpyniakab ia ki kynhun na ka bynta ki rynsan iakhun ha ka Champions League:Quarter-finalsFirst legs:  Iaiong 11/12Real Madrid vs ChelseaBenfica vs InterMan City vs BayernMilan vs NapoliSecond legs: Iaiong 18/19Chelsea vs Real MadridInter vs BenficaBayern vs Man CityNapoli vs MilanSemi-finals: Numbers 9/10 & 16/171.
Besides, they should not sit on the road in this area and if the union finds such people who used to sit on the road like this, the union will drive them away.
My deepest condolences to their bereaved families.
Lucy Pale- SSLC 82 percentile, 17.
He said that the people from Umïong and Umshem have to walk for more than five hours, so if they are women, they face a lot of difficulties.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) on Thursday said that the council has been under pressure from the district administration. This NOC is not signed.
I cannot say whether the current MLAs will return or not”.
Although the discussion within the Congress party has not been held within the party regarding the MP election, it is clear that the Congress itself is not united at all regarding the proposal to give tickets. Whether Pala will get the ticket or not is evident from the statements of some Congress leaders.
He was the MLA of Sohiong until
) he said and demanded that the government should immediately punish and blacklist the contract for the construction of the new Ïing Dorbar. to call for a new tender.
Your HSRP plate is too expensive.
He also encouraged the students to continue to progress and also the members of the organization to build on the present and prepare for the future.
Shillong: The Vice-Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. Shankar Shukla, has congratulated the successful implementation of the NEP 2020 FYUP Scheme, in which various colleges have participated. In the calendar for the year 2023-24, the objective of NE HU and its affiliated colleges is to bring about a change in education and to improve the quality of education. There is no such thing as a state in Meghalaya.
An earlier study also showed that the virus can survive in the air for three hours.
Speaking as the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani expressed his happiness that the youth have come to join the party as part of taking on the responsibility of leadership. work for the nation.
The KSU doesn't care if the government tries to restrict through government laws even at this time of pandemic, because the message is clear that we don't want the Jaidbynriew to be restricted through the railway. A small example at this time who is bringing about the virus influx if not the BSF. This shows that the central government is trying to cover up its corruption through them, therefore the state government should not hide in the shadow of development projects and others. It is the work, or to hide in the comfort of the coming and going or the transportation of goods because we cannot change the future of the nation.
"That's why..." said Daplin. The two were afraid and said to Bah, "Let's hurry and leave.
Out of the three Assembly constituencies in the district, the turnout was 83.26% for 53-Ampati, 84.32% for 54-Mahendraganj and 83.57% for 55-Salmanpara.
One of those who watched was Tangmar.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has demanded that the National Highway Authority of India and the road construction company, GR Infra should immediately release the water from the highway in Lumshnong. directly.
They too can carry the disease, perhaps more so those who have contact with foreigners.
Jowai, Jymmang 27: The All Jaintia Midday Meal Workers Association (AWA) on Tuesday held a special meeting at Yungwalieh, Panaliar. Jerry Anderson Suting, President, AJMDMWU conducted the meeting and gave the welcome speech and thanks.
The Superintendent of Police, WJH, Jowai in a statement said that the suspect involved in the murder of Herman Shylla has been arrested after being found involved in the murder. Lang Pale, 2008, was arrested on 17th June 2008 in Kathmandu.
“However, in the meeting today, it was found that as this news was published, it was not so because the mother had already learned that the child she had given birth to had already died. “It was for treatment and now they have given me medicine so that I can give birth to this child,” she said.
The Academy Fellow Award includes a cash prize of T.3,00,000/- (Three lakh) while the Academy Award includes a cash prize of T.1,00,000/- (one lakh). of Tamrapathra and Angavastram.
Nongstoiñ, Iaiong 18: Following the riots that broke out yesterday, in Shallang area, in which about three SF-10 policemen went to riot the village, Rupang today, u Go and investigate into the incident and find out the truth.
The union demands that the traffic police department should deploy police before school at 8 pm and after school at 3 pm.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul said that one of the shortcomings of the department is the lack of experts to prepare detailed project reports (DPRs) and also to prepare utilization certificates. (UCs) at the appropriate time.
“According to my information, the government has not been able to return the money that the Planning Commission has already allocated for the Sohra Eco Restoration Project,” said Bah Titos.
According to the total estimates, about 50,000 people attended the festival last year and 3939 people registered their names including foreigners and foreigners. country.
The KSU leaders, led by Samla Lester Nongbet, Organizing Secretary of the KSU, NKHD, when they went to the place where the pipe truck was located, they stopped the truck and did not allow it. After that, they went to meet with the EE of PHE Umsning, to discuss the matter, but the EE of PHE did not take responsibility, in which u The KSU has suggested that they meet with the Chief Engineer in Shillong to clarify the matter.
Nilesh Kumar Agarwal, District Governor, RID-3240 as the chief guest in his speech expressed his gratitude to the Rotary Club Jowai and urged the members to have a spirit of cooperation and dedication to the organization so that they can do many things for the organization. social development including the promotion of education, health, environmental protection and others.
Lajong have now seven points from three games.
The uprising has its epicenter in Tezpur, where it has spread to parts of North Bengal.
He said that the road is the main issue of his concern as it has deteriorated badly in the Shella area along with other issues for the safety of the people.
After consultation with the ad-hoc committee, which is in charge of the work after the suspension of the WFI, the date of the election was announced.
On Saturday, the Minister of State for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, Giriraj Singh visited the state to review the progress of the PMEGP scheme and others.
The final match was attended by Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, MDC Octomewot Lamin, District Sports Officer Khroobok Passah, WJDSA Working President EMH Passah, members of the committee. WJDSA and others.
Nongpoh, July 29: In commemoration of the contribution of the late Professor Prasanta Chandra Mahalanobis, the office of the District Statistics Officer, Ri-Bhoi District today celebrated the National Statistics Day. July 2013 at the District Library Auditorium Hall in Nongpoh on the theme “Data for Sustainable Development”.
In this regard, Prestone said the state government has increased the allocation for adhoc schools by Rs 300 crore from its budget and this has to be increased by Rs 300 crore. per year.
While the talks between Rupang and Bah Bantei were going on, suddenly BJP leaders from Sohra constituency arrived to meet him.
“The inability to hold the majority has made it difficult for Bah Lapang's party to remove Dr Mukul Sangma from office.
The position has been vacant since 2007.
The number of PDF MLAs Banteidor Lyngdoh and Gavin Mylliem, former Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang and MDCs Carnes Sohshang and Batskhem Ryntathiang have joined. ".
In the past years, it has been found that there are ministers who are biased and who help to give schemes only to those who support them in their elections.
The people have not received sugar for three months now because the government has decided to implement a new sugar distribution system, in which the price of sugar will be calculated according to the market conditions and it is no longer the official price as it used to be.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Regional Director of NHIDCL, in charge of Meghalaya, said, “We have informed you three months before the construction of this road, but now they are starting to harass us”. .
The GHADC has 30 members, of whom 29 have been elected by counting of votes and one member has been appointed by the Governor.
Gabriel Wahlang MLA Nongstoiñ, was the chief guest in the presence of HK Thabah, Superintendent of Police, Bikram. D.Marak, DSEO West Khasi Hills District, government officials, teachers and school children.
The order was issued yesterday and is due to the detection of those who have been infected with covid 19 or those who have been in contact with those who have been infected with the disease.
Isaiah 46:9–10.
John also suggested that there should be an annual census of the Kurs and that the Schedule Tribe Certificates should be issued with the approval of the Kur Dorbars.
Visitors have been surprised to see the crowd in front of the Main Secretariat, Shillong since Tuesday.
It was implemented in Meghalaya in 2005 by the National Health Mission (NHM).
The player suffered a right leg injury while playing for Worcestershire in the T20 match against Yorkshire.
J.M.Pohsngap at the end of the meeting gave a welcome speech.
This has enabled me to study since the NEET in
Robert Kharjahrin, General Secretary of the HYC and another leader of the HYC, said that This is the only company that has been registered under the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI).
Will the people help to re-elect the leaders of this national party or will it end in 2023? The People Democratic Front (PDF), one of the national political parties, has been able to elect four candidates. representative in
Maezawa, 45, said he would take pictures of the trees from the space and broadcast them to the world on YouTube.
But Christians are also divided into two groups, the wise and the foolish.
Other programs on the occasion included the distribution of the District Level Award to Bah B. Victor Myrthong, Assistant Teacher of Anderson Higher Secondary School, Mawsaw.
The two-day festival started on the 6th of June with drama performances and ended on the 7th June with a kper syntu dance at Mynkoi Pyrdi, Iongpiah.
At the same time it is also an incredible story and even the disciples and the crowds who had accepted Jesus as their leader and Savior did not accept this message at first.
“Let the Contempt Act be against the Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs for disrespecting the order of this court by violating the order and this will be heard again on the 2nd of this month. Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh issued an order after hearing a PIL filed by Riewad Vicharwant Warjri and others.
Up to 128 students who have passed the SSLC, HSSLC to Degree Level examinations have been honoured.
Shillong: The KSU Laitkor Unit today held a training session on the Trading License and Inter State Migrant Workers (Amendment) Act 2011 for foreign traders and workers in the Laitkor area. .
Shillong: With the transfer of jait to the mother, in which daughters inherit property and sons take jait from the mother, it can be expected that Meghalaya, which is a beautiful state, will do well. in terms of gender equality.
In fact, the two have been arrested since November 12 last year.
Meghalaya lost by 108 runs and are now ready to face Uttarakhand on 30th November.
Raphael, 27, from Mumbai, believes it is wrong to give birth to a child who does not want to be born for the sake of his parents' pleasure.
Each person does not have less than 5 kilos of Agor when sold to Dkhar at a price of more than 15 lakh tyngka.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that there is nothing wrong with what has served the people of East Shillong in the past three years. .
The youngest son of my husband (L) Shot Snaitang died after being beheaded for drinking alcohol.
Ticket price will be 50 tyngka for adults and 20 tyngka for children.
Kiang Nangbah, as the eldest son of Nia Rimai Nangbah, has shown his righteousness and courage.
The union urges the contractor who brings in these foreign workers and all other contractors when they bring in any foreign workers should bring in those who have registered or those who have completed their work. court papers.
Various political parties in Karbi Anglong area of ​​Assam have launched an indefinite economic blockade on the movement of food trucks to Nagaland from today.
Five months is the best time for the people to establish and think about whom to wear jaiñspong because if they choose the Nongkhaii they will be auctioned all five years and the dark future is already waiting and if they choose the Khrawpyrkhat who is wise and intelligent, the future will be bright.
Participants are allowed to arrive at 6 pm and the race will start at 6 pm.
“Regarding the voice mail that we have heard, we on behalf of the KTFA leadership have tried to get information and we have not received any evidence that there is such a thing as stated in the voice mail.
“After they have accepted the proposal, they can come to meet us the Government for discussions and there is no problem.
The four organizations demanded that the government should immediately evacuate the people living in the metor area without delay and should not allow these foreigners to continue to come. mushlia face to face on this issue, lest this matter lead to the path of bloodshed.
Nehimaya Tyngkan is the Congress candidate who has contested twice from the same party from Mowkaiaw Constituency.
The six candidates are Hubert Riang from Nongkrem, Banrikupar Wahlang from Laban, Shamlin Malngiang from Sohiong, Alexander Kharsyntiew from Mairang, Landingstar Warjri from Mawthadraishan and World Champion Paliar from Rambrai. The constituent horn.
On the issue of peace talks with the government, the HNLC has also criticized the statement of Bah RG Lyngdoh in the past few days, which the HNLC has admitted that his statement shows that he does not have The HNLC, which prompted him to speak to reporters, directed Bah RG Lyngdoh to focus on his personal affairs and not to interfere too much with the affairs of the HNLC. “He should not provoke us, when we have decided not to cause bloodshed and to enter the path of peace,” said Sainkupar Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary of the HNLC. .
She complained that the incident happened between 20th October and 3rd June. She said that she was sent to deposit up to T.35,750 tyngka if she wanted to get these things. Prize and the woman has deposited the money and has not yet received the prize.
She said that the sport started from Jaintia Hills to the State Level (Meghalaya) and then to the national competition which was held in Jharkhand.
“This is an opportunity to promote the Japanese culture and heritage and for the youth to participate in the Japanese culture,” said Singh.
The Government has allocated T.90,000 per family to receive assistance for medical treatment per annum.
However, in the first half, Albertjune Marbaniang scored the first goal for Mawnarian SC while Sanbor Kharmawphlang scored the second goal.
He urged the people not to be bought, not to be deceived, one voice, one mind to bring about change in this constituency.
“It is the only country in India that does not have an NPR at this time.
Regarding the Shillong Greenfield Airport, the Government of Meghalaya needs to acquire at least 800 acres of land.
She came to the Catholic church service on 18th March 2018 with her mother.
Laityryngew: Brep Pariat is the oldest woman in Laitryngew village and the oldest woman in the Sohra area.
The Government has decided to dismiss 253 LP teachers on the allegation of illegal appointment in 2010 by the High Level Committee appointed by the Government to investigate after the CBI.” We don't believe that this investigation will be fair,” said Bah Siangshai.
The price of muli is now T.3 per kilo, which is the highest price in recent years, compared to T.8 or T.10 per kilo in previous years. late.
Union Minister of State in charge of DoNER, MoS PMO, Personnel/DoPT, Public Grievances & Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space, Dr Jitendra Singh, who is also Vice- The Chairman of the NEC, in his speech, gave a detailed briefing on the history of the NEC and the changes from time to time.
Chanmitre Dkhar scored two goals in the 22', 77' and Banteibor Syngkrem in the 59'
However, other reports said that although the finalists of the men's and women's category have had the opportunity to address the crowd after their matches, Victoria Azarenka announced. & Beatriz Haddad Maia who won the title as well as the defeated team; Coco Gauff & Jessica Pegula have been denied the opportunity to do what they used to do as a thank you to the fans who have supported them in sports.
The Government should encourage the cultivation of plants and herbs for the manufacture of herbal medicines.
“It is the responsibility of the government to pass a law that those who contest elections must have completed a Master Degree because when they become MLAs they get all the benefits,” he said. said Mr. Fairson.
I.Mukhim 2', 73' and A.Rynjah 4' scored the goals for Jongksha while W. Mawphlang 79' and I.Mukhim 73' for Nongrumlong SC.
For Ri Bhoi, Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister, Roads, etc. was elected as the Chairperson. etc, Mr. Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh Constituency, Mr. Jambor War, Executive Member, KHADC (District), Mr. Rangkynsai Kharbuki, MDC, KHADC Official, Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District Member Convenor.
If it is as it is now, the future is bright because no one can stand up for the minorities in terms of religion and ethnicity.
With the acceptance of the NC by Lampphang, the struggle between the ruling and opposition parties has intensified.
Shillong, Jymmang 22 : The PFR Football Academy has expanded its efforts to develop talented children in the field of football by opening a branch in Ri Bhoi.
Prestone said that the government will continue to improve its working methods to bring about development projects as the last Budget Session has set a target for the education department to follow up with development projects. He said that the government has a priority goal to provide roads to all the villages and that the people don't need to walk anymore but all the roads are to be the ones who walk.
The deceased were identified as Jamuna Suna, 44, resident of Pinewood Quarter Wardlake and Anjalee Barua, He is 10 years old and lives in Laitumkhrah.
He congratulated all the elders who came from different villages to receive their awards.
They will now have only five varieties instead of six brands.
Neighboring villages try their best not to hold Christmas Games on the same date because the spectators want to go from village to village.
Dr. Lapang said that the word impossible should not rule us because if we work hard one day we will be successful in our lives, by giving the example of Abraham Lincoln who was through of him, freed the Negroes from slavery.
The Golden Jubilee Celebration of the Riatsamthiah Presbyterian Church on Saturday.
Enamul Islam will contest from Shyamnagar constituency while Sader Hossain of the Congress, SG Esmatur Mominul of the NPP and Shahanur Islam will contest from Shyamnagar constituency.
The children who attend this selection must be trained and active children.
"he said.
Katrina Kaif has posted a picture of herself in her swimsuit on the beach of Mexico.
The 31 shooters who attended the program were from East Khasi Hills (11), Mawkyrwat (10), Nongstoiñ (2), Jowai (3), Ri-Bhoi (3). and 2 from the police department.
On the other hand, the teachers also requested the students to prepare for the mid-year examination as scheduled.
The Government of Manipur should be accountable and the Government in power should also have the will to restore peace and order.
SP (City) Crime Vivek Syiem said that these men used the motorcycle on the night of 25th November when they tried to rob the SBI Main Branch. The bags of the people who had just left the bank, but their waiting had failed.
The organizers who received the child announced that he has been placed in the VIP gallery and parents or relatives are requested to come and pick him up.
For this reason, this happened due to the heavy rainfall which we didn't expect.
Shillong: The H. Elias Memorial HR Secondary School today honored the students who have brought honor to the school and the State as a whole at the ground floor of the school at Nongthymmai, Nongshiliang.
Referring to the government's decision to appoint an Expert Committee to look into the need to review the Reservation Policy, Bah Paul said, “I would like to thank the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) for suggesting that When asked whether he supports the demand for the amendment of the Reservation Policy, Bah Paul said, “The government has also listened to the recommendation of the KSU. We as a party have put this issue in the election campaign and we don't take it lightly and I see that this issue is not an issue that needs to be done urgently because there are many issues that affect us very much. the state"
“I have been the President of JHTOA for 15 years and in the past years we have never prevented any truck owner from fighting for the JHTOA. He said that in fact, the election was scheduled to be held on the 11th of this month but due to the opposition. of many have been postponed to the 18th.
The President of KSU Jowai Unit, Ewanmi Phawa, said that after receiving a complaint from an 18-year-old girl alleging that the foreigner had committed rape, they immediately went to the petrol pump. to investigate.
Rida's tears flowed and she couldn't answer.
The march started from Student Square in Jaiaw in support of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep.
Madanryting Police Station has arrested Johnyrias Marboh of Upper Nongrah and the driver of the vehicle, Augustine Marboh of Nongrah Umjapung. Vivek Syiem, Superintendent of Police (City), Shillong.
Bah Dkhar said that the police on the day of the riots misused their force but he said that the police's use of force has increased.
The three organizations also urged the police to arrest those who kidnapped Lukas and to forcibly reconcile with the company. Protect this young man from being attacked and kidnapped by the robbers at any time on the basis of his testimony.
The bridge was built in 1892-94 and the pond was built on an area of ​​2.20 hectares, the land area is 4.08 hectares and the total area of ​​Nan Polok is 6.28 hectares.
This happened after the ASHA workers decided to stop their work by staging a march to the Secretariat on 27th November, against the state government's failure to listen to their demands. to pay up to T.5,0
Shillong, Nailar 9: Two districts of Assam, Kamrup and Goalpara districts have been included in the map of Garo state.
The driver of the vehicle, Hamyd Mourad, 18, surrendered to police in eastern France and the three Frenchmen and Algerians were arrested. after shooting Charlie Hebdo employees in Paris.
This step will help India in various ways.
““It is only in the past two or three years that we have seen the law that does not allow teachers to contest elections.
The SPC has held a 10 minute silence as a sign of condolences to the journalist.
On the other hand, the Publicity Secretary of the Seng, Samla Platini Mukhim, said that the Seng is ready to cooperate with the relevant authorities. good of the youth who are the future of the nation.
On the 30th March, the First Division match will be between Moosalyngkat v Wahiajer at 12.00 pm.
The Commissioner & Secretary, Arts & Culture, Bah FR Kharkongor as the chief guest distributed the prizes to the winners of the competition and announced that the winners of the competition will have the opportunity to showcase their talents. The event will be held on the opening day of Jan Jatiya Gaurav Divas on the 15th of November and the Tri Hills Ensemble Program on the 24th of November. of the state.
God was angry and warned – “And I will kill her children with death; And all the churches shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts" (Revelation 2:23).
The time of sorrow, the death of people, the loss of loved ones, the destruction of the environment, the loss of wealth, has affected these two countries.
In these four elections, different results have been achieved and in the upcoming elections they will be different.
By the end of the first half, Assam had managed to save the goal to secure the victory.
Words that don't have a full meaning but are used to speak more and more, such as the word ei ei, lei lei, ter ter, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly , line by line, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, suddenly, suddenly, more and more, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, and so on.
Johnson said, "I've done it twice," while Bolsonaro said, "I haven't done it yet.
However, it is difficult to accept that a good God would destroy millions without feeling for His own creatures (as if they were like plates).
In the men's doubles, Mebankerlang Shullai and Gregoreo Passah won 21/19, 21/19 while in the men's singles, Mebankerlang Shullai won 21/14, 18/21 and 12 to Gregory Passah.
“In Sohiong, they produce leaders who are scheme distributors, not leaders who make laws.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said the government has already amended the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act in 2021 to fully implement the Lokayukta.
Because of the spread of this false news, some Khasi youths living abroad have been threatened and harassed, some in Delhi say they have been threatened by Punjabis and some in Guwahati. The Assamese were arrested for the damage to the Assam vehicle at Mawlai.
Recently, the State Government has created four Civil Sub-Divisions, two of which are in Khasi-Jaintia, Pynursla and Mawshynrut and two in Garo Hills, Chokpot. bad you Rak together.
Maybe it will happen or maybe it won’t.
It has been found that through the social media “Facebook” in these days that the exploiters are no longer able to talk and insult the dignity of women from time to time.
He said the UDP has lodged a complaint with the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Prashant Naik to stop the registration of voters in the state.
She said that the executive committee of the MFA will not take stingy on any attempt by individuals or groups to thwart this decision.
In a statement, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, said, “The State Government has sent a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs. Home Affairs (MHA)) said that in any case we accept the signboard on the border but we request that the signboard should be near the Zero Line on the border of India and Bangladesh.
According to the explanation of eschatologists; It is said that it was the worst year in the history of mankind.
" She also expressed her gratitude to the teachers who were present at the function saying, “I am what I am, it is because of my teachers and I thank them for their support to the youth. in their journey.
Speaking on employment, he said that the private sector is facing difficulties in setting up jobs in the state and this is one of the factors that affects the income of the region.
In the category for college students, St. Anthony's College came first and Shillong College came second.
All four constituencies, including Jamui, Nawada, Aurangabad and Gaya, will hold the first phase of polling on 19th June.
Besides, poor women who want to give birth at Pynursla CHC also face difficulties due to the lack of doctors and mostly only a homeopathy doctor is found in the evening.
Mawkyrwat, June 24: A group of Mawsynram Block Sengbhalang including KSU, HANM, FKJGP, HUAM and HYC have held a public hearing on the demand for a Civil Sub-Division for Mawsynram. Block around the Mawsynram Area and on this demand she also warned the political parties not to take advantage or make it an election campaign platform on this issue.
Sister Lucy, now 50 years old, said the reason for her dismissal from the Franciscan Clarist Congregation was that she violated the dress code, bought a car and did not obey the rules. The manager, that she earns money by publishing books and songs, that she does not pay her salary to the convent and that she has been publishing newspapers since 20th November
Precious Tang scored two goals for Madanthad Thadmuthlong in the 7th and 46th minutes, but Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu turned the tide through Heimonmi Dkhar in the 55th minute and Monlang Phawa ( 70+3).
The Argentina 2022 World Cup winner in Qatar will expire his contract with the club at the end of the current season.
She said that once she receives the report she will be able to say nothing and she said that once she receives the report if she finds that there is any wrongdoing, she will take action with the central government.
It has now exceeded Rs 78 crore.
The police working at this police station are under medical observation and all the activities of these police stations will be supervised by the Ladrymbai Out-Post.
Shillong: The Cultural Committee, the Seng Khasi Kmie and the Tourism Department of the Weiking, Jaiaw, Shillong, have been able to attend the Weiking Festival in Jaiaw, Shillong. The Government of Meghalaya, will hold the “Na Thymmei Festival” on the 19th & 20th November
Speaking to reporters, the Waheh Shnong of Tympang Iawmusiang, Ma Edystone Shylla, said that the Iawmusiang market falls under the Dorbar Shnong of Tympang Iawmusiang, but the people who live in Iawmusiang have forgotten about the village and have done nothing to maintain it. The cleanliness of the morning, even though the village has tried all kinds of efforts.
If this EC continues, will it not lead to the future of our JHADC?
He said that Joshi's visit will also be his first visit to Shillong as the leader of the Congress party.
“It is regrettable that the Save B Mahal Committee and the residents have received detailed information from accurate sources and evidence regarding the B Mahal land, where the GHADC has sold these land to the Government of Meghalaya without the consent of the people to build the offices of the MTDC and MIDC.
However, gradually there has been a decline in agriculture and one of the reasons is the abandonment of the roads which have been badly damaged and vehicles have found it difficult to pass through this road from Maroid. Nongthymmai continues from Mawpen to Nongkhlaw Patharkhmah road.
He said that there have been many places where the Youth Congress has nominated its candidates in various elections like Assembly, Lok Sabha according to the needs and some candidates have reached the target and have become the leaders, concluded Pathak.
Himachal Pradesh beat Meghalaya by 124 runs by 10 innings in the U-25 Col CK Nayudu Trophy in Lucknow.
We need to think again that we should make many kinds of foods from vegetables like biscuits we can make achar, sweet children's food and also from plants like krai we can make foods Khasi, biscuits, drinks and from buckwheat jarain we can make many kinds of foods like noodles, biscuits and buckwheat pillows which help for those who suffer from spine problems.
Its flesh is also good and nutritious.
On the other hand, the DC has promised to take action to pay the full amount and has already sought information and asked questions from the regional office in the city. Guwahati on the delay in payment to the landowners, the statement said.
In one Raid/Hima there is only one Lyngdoh, and in one Hima there is only one Syiem.
This second meeting has been arranged to be held in Nongpoh for our friends in Ri Bhoi District.
However, as the match went on, the Seven Brothers managed to play more and had a chance to score through Daniel Pyngrope in the 55th minute. Shanbok Nongsiej scored the third goal from the penalty spot in the 67th minute to secure the title for Seven Brother FC. Seven Brother, who won the tournament, received a cash prize of T.2 lakh and a trophy, while 7Wasa FC, who lost, received a cash prize of T.2 lakh and a trophy. Teibor Siangshai of Seven Brother won the Man of the Match and the Best Goalie was awarded to the winners. Emetre Dan of 7Wasa FC. At the end of the tournament, Bah Bantei Sawkmie, who was the Chief Guest, along with other dignitaries including Bah H Lyngdoh. , Bah Scalling Basawiamoit, President of BSCSC, Bah Babit Nongrum Secretary, Bah Isynei Hinge as Manager of BSCSC and other leaders of Umroi area.
“It is a golden opportunity for Bah Kimfa Marbaniang MLA to meet with the elders and youth to form a new UDP party from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency”.
In Bhoi District, up to three trucks, several government vehicles and the office of the AH & Vety Department were burnt down.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Traffic, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday said that once the construction of the parking lots at Khyndai Lad, Laitumkrah, Polo and Motphran is completed, about 700 cars.
NOTE- 472.
He said that besides this, there have been landslides in many parts of the road and the office has cleaned it so that there will be no disruption in the traffic. public.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the union, Andy R Dhar, said that the factory owners have created problems for the people of the area in terms of employment as they have allowed foreigners to invade.
Four athletes under the banner of the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya will leave the city to represent India at the Senior Men & Women IFMA World Muay Thai Championship to be held in Bangkok, Thailand.
Furthermore, other parts which still need to be arranged as in the literature to become salonsar is how in English the titles of Dr. Rev.yn should be called in Khasi to be understood salonsar.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, has assets worth T.1,43,75,433 crore.
It is impossible to say that many of the education sent by the government or government jobs, our youth do better than the Garo youth but only because of 40%, they have become unemployed youth. and often times it confounds the thinking of young people.
The patient died on the same day at 9:15 pm.
This was also witnessed by the suspension of the cleaning of the road from Lumjyrmi to Mawtari, which is only 1 km long, which is also the most important road not only in the area, but also the road. This road passes through Umran Niangbyrnai and leads to Quinine.
Speaking at a welcoming ceremony for the four MLAs who joined the UDP after resigning, Bah Metbah said, “All candidates need to spend money during the elections and Even the Election Commission has allowed to spend Rs 20-25 lakh during the elections.
D.Hynniewta said that the area in Pynursla has many tourist attractions but due to the lack of tourist attractions many tourists know well except Mawlyngnong and Dawki.
As leaders who love sports, Bah Berin Kleiñ and Bah Kores Marwein, urged the youth of the district and the state to continue to be brave in whatever field they have. Whether it is any kind of sport and the goal is to become human beings and to benefit from the special talent given by God and not to misuse the talent given. special to God.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on November 21, 2013, urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to take action against the recent appointment of Indira Gandhi. Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS).
Furthermore, it was replied that Saturday and Sunday are not working days, and furthermore regarding the delay in issuance of Sweety's certificate, it was replied that on 18th, 19th, 25th and 26th June It is the working day, for this reason, the employees of the office send people back 10 days after they apply.
“I worked until 1986 and resigned,” he said.
Food items have been distributed to 5.29 crore beneficiaries under the Pradhan Minister's Welfare Ann Yojana.
Replying to the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, acknowledged the difficulty faced by the farmers to sell their produce.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that according to the RTI requested by the HYC from the Planning Department of the State Government, it was found that the HYC has The two councils, the MEDC and the MREGC, have never met to discuss or advise the government.
The Seng has met with the Principals of St Edmund's College and Shillong College as well as the Vice-Principal of St Mary's College, Shillong and submitted a letter on this issue.
It is worth mentioning that the citizens of Israel no longer wear masks as many of them have received the vaccine as of 21.04.2021 (Times of India, 21 April). , 2021) and moreover in a recent report Israel has suspended the wearing of masks outside after the implementation of mass vaccination (The New York Times, 15 June 2021).
Many voters took money to cast their votes.
“The convening of the dorbar will be only a formality,” the newspaper said.
On the 21st, the clean politics campaign will be held at Sohra at 11 am and on the 23rd at Mawjrong at 2:30 pm.
On the other hand, the Minister promised to provide 50,000 tyngka to those injured through his MLA Scheme and said that the Police have recorded video of those who caused trouble with the police. the law shall do what is necessary for them.
He also spoke about the various schemes under the District Commerce & Industries Centre.
Pala's remarks came after UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh said there should be a group of indigenous parties in the North East to fight against the Congress and BJP. “The dream of creating a group of indigenous parties will remain a dream and will not come to fruition.
It was in this way that the state of Tripura was invaded because the Hindu brothers in India gave refuge to their religious brothers until the Tripuris were expelled from Tripura.
In order to show to the world that they have a longkni, they make a kni by a riewshisngi, who is not from the same kpoh, but only because he is a relative or of the same race.
"For by him we both have access by one Spirit unto the Father" (Ephesians 2:18).
Shillong, Naiwieng, 15: The State Government will soon hold a meeting with various groups after the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) of the Union Government has rejected the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Amendment Bill also send along some comments.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Shillong Cricket Association (B) beat East Garo Hills by 62 runs in the final of the Inter District U-19 Boys Cricket Tournament. MCA in the match played on Monday in Tura.
According to the investigation, Salahuddin has confessed that he was brought by robbers to Shillong.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, Government of Meghalaya, in the past few days, announced the creation of about 200 jobs in Slovakia in the region. Europe at a salary of 60,000 to more than 70,000 per month, after completing the training.
He also requested the public to call 8729872341 if they see the vehicle.
The Ri-Bhoi United Football Club (NSA) has won the title of the Nongpoh Sports Association (NSA) Football Club after beating Blue Bombers FC FC in The final match was played today at the NSCA Stadium Pahamsyiem.
Speaking to media, Rymbui said the Regional Committee will complete its report on the 30th of this month and send it to the Chief Minister. Conrad K Sangma, while the Regional Committee of Jaintia Hills has decided to proceed with the settlement of the boundary from Ratachera in East Jaintia Hills.
The office was inaugurated by the President of the NPP Ri Bhoi Constituency, Bah Clement Mawlong. Speaking on the occasion, NPP Ri Bhoi District President Rayonald Kharkamni, President Pyndaplang Wahlang, President Pyndaplang Wahlang and other party leaders. Other NPP leaders said that the purpose of the opening ceremony of the NPP office in Nongpoh is to strengthen the work of the party and especially for the 2023 elections from Nongpoh Constituency.
A large amount of food was purchased for the purpose of giving at that meeting.
On the second Bill, which states, “Christians who take the lineage of the Father shall lose their Khasi identity, which means Scheduled Tribe”.
On Saturday, the Tymmen Basan, including the Tymmen Basan, Bah Ngesstar Marngar, who is over 70 years old, then the Elders and the Youth, went out to clean a field of rice. It is located near the Tyrsung River between Mawkatad and Nongum Villages.
The Zoram People's Movement (ZPM) on Tuesday took the final decision on the election of a candidate for the Tuichawng constituency in Mizoram.
On the government's call for talks with the GNLA, the DGP said the duty of the police is to fight insurgency, not to talk, as talks are the political task of the government.
All its aircraft and helicopters operate round the clock on any given day and are dispatched to disaster areas according to the needs of the moment.
He said that this road is exactly the government's intention to facilitate the mining of uranium to destroy the people.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawkasiang Pyllun, Bah T.Kharkongor in an interview with the media, strongly condemned the people involved in breaking these dead piglets. There is no responsibility to endanger the farmers and the residents who have become infected if these piglets die due to any disease.
Charles also agreed with Dr Mukul Sangma's statement, saying, “We need the opportunity to show our share in the service of the people. people of the State".
Then the words of the complaint came from the word of the LORD.
On the occasion of the fourth death anniversary of Meiieid Spelity Lyngdoh Langrin on Saturday, members of the party hung banners at Mawkyrwat Market and laid flowers at her grave in the village. Sunday, South West Khasi Hills District with the participation of the children and grandchildren of Mrs. Spility.
However, the NPP has been fortunate to win 18 MLAs from Garo Hills, and the most fortunate is Conrad.
At the time of writing, police have not yet identified anyone involved in the incident.
Indeed, we can say that it is the most famous plant in the world and in this age it is a very important plant because most foods use the oil obtained from this palm oil or that tree.
Private land is allowed to be sold, but the village must be informed and any purchase without the knowledge of the village is unacceptable,” said the Sordar Shnong.
You have not yet completed your skill course with teachers who have not yet completed it.
The Political Department will do whatever is necessary,” said Bah Tynsong.
The death toll has risen to 6,077 yesterday, bringing the total to 6,8
Teibor said that if the work is completed, according to the minister, the work will start in October.
There is no charge for bone mineral density treatment at this medical camp.
The new cases include 13 from East Khasi Hills, 6 from West Garo Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South West Garo Hills, 6 from North Garo Hills, 3 from West Garo Hills, 2 from East Garo Hills and 1 from South Garo Hills. , and East Garo Hills
In the past many months, Bah Syiem has continued to write articles in the newspaper Nongsain Hima.
Evangelyne said that the Chief Minister had promised to meet with her relatives and accepted that the incident was a mistake. However, she said that whenever the family members went to meet Dr. Mukul Sangma at his office at the Secretariat, the answer they received from the staff was that he was not inside the room and was outside Shillong.
Regarding the maintenance of the road, he said that till now there has been no allocation but he said that his department will do its utmost to look after the maintenance of the road. to improve this road.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the JAC, Bah Jropsing Nongkhlaw, invited all the land owners and park owners to attend the meeting to discuss the issue of quarrying.
Therefore, we request the Jio telecom operators to provide the network 24 hours a day so that the users can easily do any work according to this internet age.
The union said that according to the announcement, the office has issued guidelines to select candidates for interview according to their merit, but as it is, there are many candidates. allegations by candidates (who are not on the list for interview) that the list is fraudulent and can be prepared by the interference of people in power – those in various positions within the Government and offices as well.
The quake struck 14 miles or 23 kilometers east of Jhelum, Pakistan, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) said.
The Conversation reports that scientists want to see these insects with their own eyes, but it is difficult to see them in the sky, because it takes about 20 years for them to my world.
The leader of the market dwellers said that the people who go to trade around the area when they come back from their places of work, they stay at the market. , whom we cannot confirm whether they are even Indians, when they have finished their work all day they come to stay at Iewduh,” he said.
“We have got land to accommodate the vendors in Mawlai, Polo, Lum Jingshai, near the Buddhist Temple in Polo, Malki Market,” said Bah Ronie.
“(However), the important thing is to ensure that the Roster System is implemented properly as it will be in the coming days, months and years and this is important to us and this is what we are looking forward to. road," he said.
The price of vehicles for the Deputy Chief Minister, Cabinet Ministers and Chief Secretary has been increased to T.20 lakh from T.15 lakh and for the Additional Chief Secretary, DGP and Principal. The Secretary's salary is T.12 lakh, from T.10 lakh earlier.
“We have directed the Extra Assistant Commissioner (Revenue) Jonathan Shylla to complete the work within two months,” said PAC member Paul Lyngdoh.
The union said that although in East Jaintia, there are 9 dewbilat factories, one coke plant and 3 coke plans under construction, the JHADC has not. The JHADC has been in financial difficulties and the employees of the JHADC have not received their salaries for 9 months.
After God had rejected King Saul, God told Samuel, “I will send you to Jesse the Bethlehemite, for I have provided for myself a king among the sons of Jesse.”
A total of 74 candidates have been awarded including those who passed the SSLC and HSSLC
In Jesus' day Palestine fell under foreign rule, the Roman Empire, and society was divided into two groups, Jews and Gentiles, Jews and Samaritans.
The Lok Sabha has failed to proceed today after the opposition stood up to demand that the Speaker, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, should speak on the issue. blood in Manipur.
Although 2022 has not been a good year for Ranveer after the failure of his films including Cirkus and Jayeshbhai Jordaar, he has earned and benefited from many companies. obviously they appointed him as a carrier of words and as an announcer of published materials.
The monthly Youth Assemblies are responsible for conducting programs including programs to educate the youth on the dangers of drugs and alcohol.
Nongstoiñ: Angela Rngad, leader of the Rangli Juki Thma, together with Agnes Kharshiing, President of the Women's Society of North East India (WOMO) A rally was held to protest against the sudden dismissal of the DC of West Khasi Hills, Arunkumar Kembhavi.
The KSU also demanded that the TISS should revoke its order, which bans the Scheduled Tribe and Scheduled Caste students from receiving food allowances while studying at the school. It is located in Mumbai, Guwahati, Hyderabad and Tuljapur.
Shillong: The results of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination 2019, have been released today and out of 50,050 candidates, 27,887 or 55.72 percent have passed.
Babu Wanbor Kharkongor, Retired Officer, Bah Heaving Stone Kharpran, Retired Officer, gave a speech on many aspects of environmental protection and cleanliness. from the Department of Soil and Water Conservation, he became the Chief Guest.
In this regard, the union also demanded the establishment of a District Consumer Dispute Redressal Commission in accordance with the Consumer Protection Act 2019 and also to provide various consumer awareness programs from time to time to the consumers.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. E. Khongjoh, District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer (DAH&VO), South West Khasi Hills District, in his speech, reminded that water and air are the two most important sources of water for the environment. human life in which man would not have lived without these two parts.
On the activities of the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) in the region, he admitted that it is difficult to stop this because of the border.
Rupa Kumari passed away on 2nd March 2020 at 10:35 pm at Civil Hospital, Shillong due to severe hypoxia along with Covid 19 and was also suffering from morbid obesity.
He arrived at Sohra on the 22nd of July 1841, after traveling for many months by boat through the sea. The people here are very different. There is no single language to be understood by all the Khasi people. One village speaks one language and another village speaks other languages.
The Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) has brought about a change in Sahsniang A village under Laskein C&RD Block, West Jaintia Hills District. time to promote tourism.
In addition, it also helps to prevent the spread of HIV, about 3.5 times the transmission of the virus to other people is because they are unaware of its presence.
“Therefore, the HYC demands that the villagers should not be appointed.
Has there ever been a pay rise and dismissal of Lok Ayukta employees in any state like Meghalaya? As far as we know, nothing like this has ever happened.
Madanrting Football Club and Umpling Sports Club have won their first match of the Shillong Women's League at the Third Ground, Polo on Tuesday.
During her visit, which is scheduled for 15th or 16th July, the President will also lay the foundation stone for the construction of the Shillong Ropeway Project.
The opening ceremony was held at the ground floor of the hospital where Rev. BB Lamin, Moderator PCI General Assembly was the chief guest in the presence of other pastors, elders, church leaders, women's leaders. various and others.
After these incidents, he said there have been reports through students especially research scholars that their leaders are involved in such crimes.
“The party encourages them to protest for their rights and the actions of this company have no feeling for the people,” he said.
Dr. Sailo's brother-in-law said that everyone knew that he returned from the USA on 14th October and on 16th October he left for Imphal Manipur and on 20th October he was released. invited to Delhi to evacuate people from Rome, but he stopped because someone had left his place.
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VPP), which has four MLAs, is a new party in East Khasi Hills District and cannot yet be called a national party.
The DC also promised to do whatever is necessary and said that a doctor has been sent to Mawlasnai to work at the PHC but he has refused to do so. its side promised to take care of this.
The march was also approved by the District Administration of East Khasi Hills.
Gold worth T.43.55 lakh was seized from the pocket of a man returning from Sharjah, where customs from Hyderabad found the gold, which was wrapped in his pocket. .
Dear people, brothers and sisters, these are the truths that many of you don't know or haven't been explained to you or have been misled.
The Minister of State for Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department, Bah AL Hek was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Bijoy Lyngdoh, MFS, North Khasi Hill Social Forestry Division. , Ri-Bhoi District, Mr. M Khongjliew, Principal, Mr. B Rani, Principal, Mr. S Diengdoh, Rangbah Shnong Umtrew, Mr. S Diengdoh, Mr. S Diengdoh, Rangbah Shnong Umtrew Umtrew Village, Women's Association and other community members.
Thus, with the hard work of the people and the believers from various church groups, the Rynsan has been restored as it should be, although it cannot be restored in that form. made for the first time.
The E-Shram platform has been developed to ensure the effective implementation of various social welfare schemes for 38 crore workers.
He said he does not want to criticize the private sector but if the BJP together with the Sangh Parivaar like the RSS and others try to restrict the freedom of worship of the Christians. in India, he shall fight for the protection of freedom of worship as enshrined in the Fundamental Rights of the Constitution of India.
Entry fee is T.1500, registration fee is T.30 per player and a team cannot have more than 25 or less than 20 players.
They remain on the same basis to serve the people because they know that 'strength does not depend on quantity but on quality.
Mawliehbah beat Mawkhlam 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament on Saturday at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng.
The company has failed to announce publicly that it will not implement the A-A and SMs balance today. This is where they find that the SMS is going from the main balance and not from the SMS balance.
Kit said that although there has been talk that there is no NPP party in Ranikor Constituency, today it has become clear that the NPP has and is still alive even after the death of Martin M.Danggo. On the same day, the people of Ranikor Constituency have unanimously decided to nominate a candidate from the NPP party. Kitborlang Nongrem and Nelbi T. Sangma have been elected as the candidates of the NPP for the Ranikor MLA election 2023 and the final decision will be taken by the NPP Ranikor Block Unit. The meeting was attended by Bah HS Diengdoh, candidate from Mawkyrwat Constituency, leading NPP leaders from Ranikor Block, the elders, the women and the supporters of the party.
The four suspects include Donboklang Lapang of Umsning Proper A, Dameialamlynti Shadap of Kyrdem, Spearlin Pariong of Umktieh and Samson Kharhujon of Ri-Bhoi District.
Those who have been involved in drugs have been allowed and when they don't get it, what they get is only stealing.
He also urged the farmers not to be misled at such times, as there are many who criticize the failure of this government by misleading and intimidating but the people should remember that the government The government has not done anything to disturb or put the farmers in public trouble but the government is struggling to introduce ways and means how to improve in agriculture.
We can start with small steps by learning their language.
It was further alleged that the JHADC instead of resolving the issues of the village has not done it properly and to improve the peace, but it is the JHADC that has violated and forced the decision of the people.
Langsning created history in this match by scoring hat-tricks including Dauruhipaia Pale (8, 83, 88) and Ambilstar Sun (29, 48, 50). .
There are 507 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 233 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 56 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 37 in Ri Bhoi, 18 in West Garo Hills, 9 in South West Khasi Hills, 8 in East Jaintia Hills. South West Garo Hills 1 and South Garo Hills
Blarida Dkhar took three wickets for 11 runs and was named Player of the Match.
U Thlen u la ong, What good is it to plant if you don't cut down this tree, which is just a stupid tree, without a shape or two, this tree will cover your crops, that it will not be sunny anymore. , please agree with Sorphine.
Ksan also agreed.
On the other hand, Bah R.Rympei, expressed his gratitude to such sumo drivers, who have taken this responsibility for the sake of bringing about a clean environment in the village especially in the Market.
The delegation was led by KSU General Secretary Rutherford Lyngdoh in the presence of Forwardman Nongrem.
Prestone said the Government is with those families who have suffered the loss of their loved ones. The Government will continue to encourage and share with them in wishing them a healthy body for their children and relatives.
Although the HM has promised to meet again after Christmas, there has been no meeting yet, which is regrettable and the state government should complete this task soon without delay. , and the duty of the BJP leaders from our state who signed the ILP resolution does not end in the Assembly but they are trying to go to Delhi to convince their party leaders. .
Speaking on the occasion, K Sangma said that the government has tried to bring many assistance especially to the rural areas to improve agriculture in terms of income in the state by implementing this Mission. for the sake of Shynrai Lakadong.
“It is worth mentioning here that in July last year, the Prime Minister said that they need the support of the Central Government for the renewal of the battalions, but the burden of The responsibility will be on the State Government to continue.
Besides, the state is facing a severe shortage of funds where contract workers in government jobs are no longer paid, while the government is slow to provide voluntary works.
Speaking after the launch, the Chief Secretary said that every time he visits the hospital, he remembers the past as his mother worked there for 36 years as a nurse. nurse.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) CEC through its Cultural Cell has extended its Behdieñkhlam greetings to all the children of Hynniewtrep especially to the Niamtre group of Seinraij Jowai.
There are 45 recoveries from the disease.
A drug dealer, 27, Vicky Shabong, resident of Pynthor Block-I, Shillong, has escaped from the hands of the police while they were being taken to the scene. medical check-up at Shillong Civil Hospital.
Among other parts, the Resolution states:-We dare to say that it is doubtful whether paragraph 3 (b) 2A (1) of the Amendment Bill 2015 which aims to introduce Village Councils and Municipalities council in the sixth scheduled is unfair because this introduction has completely changed the land tenure system of the Khasi in Meghalaya because the land belongs to the people and not to the government.
“Farmers will drive tractors with Indian flags on the streets outside Delhi on Republic Day.
This will put more pressure on the state government to complete the work on time.
“We have requested 119 teams of security forces, but we have received 120 teams from the ECI. Of these, 30 teams have already arrived and 10 teams will arrive and we have now received 40 teams. When asked about the situation in Garo Hills, the region which has been affected by insurgency in recent years, we will get more as the elections approach,” said the CEO. “As in 2018, the situation in Garo Hills has changed a lot because at that time we saw the strength of the insurgents but now they are gone.
The meeting was held at Vigyan Bhavan, New Delhi and was attended by officials of the Central Government, State Government and non-Central and State Government organisations.
Even the leaders of the larger parties like the NPP and BJP have a closer relationship with the leaders of these state parties.
At the time of writing, some 2,011 people had been rescued from the floods, which hit Tuesday and affected some 22,034 people, officials said. The Sikkim State Disaster Management Authority (SSDMA) said in a statement.
Due to the curfew called by the HNLC, the security forces have been on high alert in the state and especially in the border areas.
Therefore, the seized goods need to be transported to the Government coal mine, it is currently in the seized area and falls under the jurisdiction of the District Administration and will be transported after The court has fixed the date for the hearing of the case on the 3rd of June.
Shillong: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) on Saturday held a march from Motphran, Bijoy, Rhino, Civil Hospital, IGP, Kashari and Khyndailad. people came to participate.
Enthusiasm for work shows independence and a habit of working hard.
When we eat vegetables and fruits which contain nutrients they can fight against all kinds of diseases especially cancers that spread in the body through the body's immune system.
This is an online short video clip competition in Pnar language.
The Minister said that the revenue for the year is estimated at Rs 19,442 crore while the expenditure is expected to be Rs 21,034 crore.
Bah Dawan Lyngdoh, MDC, encouraged these brothers and sisters to be wise and to unite in any field.
At the same time, the Minister expressed his regret that there has not been a single project implemented by private companies in the State.
If the Government of India wants to help those who are being persecuted for religious reasons in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh, whether they are Hindus, Sikhs, Christians and others as the CAB, 2016 stipulates; It can help such people in the same way that refugees around the world receive assistance , but not by violating the rights of citizens enshrined in the Constitution of India return to the Riewlum.
Shillong, July 30: The state government has not yet received any information from the central government on the intention to appoint a new Governor in Meghalaya, as the term of Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary is coming to an end.
During the meeting, the Mahila Congress leaders said that in order for the relationship between the Mahilas to become closer and to get to know each other better, they should arrange for a meeting.
The goal of the UCC is also based on the same principle.
After the visit of Congress leader DD Lapang to Delhi , this reporter today visited the Secretariat to inquire about the progress of the Congress MLAs and Government Ministers Deborah Marak and Sniawbhalang Dhar entered the room of Prestone Tynsong and later after a while, Deborah Marak and Sniawbhalang Dhar entered the room of Prestone Tynsong. After a while, these ministers went to the room of Bah Rowell Lyngdoh and after a while, the reporter learned that there was an arrangement to hold a meeting at Bah Rowell Lyngdoh. Salseng's house, but the meeting was canceled because they could not attend.
On the other hand, the ARPA, which has 16 supporting MDCs under the leadership of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has asked for a day to meet again with the Governor to show its support and to demand that he should order the convening of The special session was held to elect a new CEM after Bah Adelbert Nongrum resigned to pave the way for Bah Lyngdoh to take over the post.
Now, we must think carefully before we use the resources of the Meirymew and we must maintain a balance between the development and the construction and maintenance in the development work.
He has won three Diamond League singles titles and won a silver medal at the 2022 World Championships.
Many games, sports and games and shops were held at the festival as part of the event to encourage the public to come and support. various programs which are also part of the development of talented youth from Ri Bhoi.
There was a tree down in the middle of the road which caused a traffic jam.
On the other hand, Bah PN Syiem in his speech, said that the MPCC has appointed Bah GS Hynniewta on 1st November 2021 while Bah HM Shangpliang is calling a meeting to lay the flag on the 8th November November 2021, and all this is just a mistake without any basis, in fact he can no longer convene the meeting because he is no longer the President of the BCC. The people to work hard and strengthen the party to bring victory in the upcoming elections.
Thus at that time the Word of God was written on scrolls in Hebrew, and it was improved as it is today and translated into many languages. earth.
She said that the central government had passed the Land Sale Act in June, 2014 and the state government had also passed its own law on the same issue on 10th November
He said that in fact, if the vote had been held on 27th June, the UDP would have won from Sohiong but all this is the will of God.
“All parties have their right to oppose according to their issues, the Congress has done its duty as the opposition and the BJP also knows how to rule the country, to bring about development. par in all respects.
The NHIDCL has confirmed that they will start the repair within the next few days and promised to improve the road. Besides the repair of the old road, the construction of the new road will also be done at the same time, he said.
Seven children were identified as Mebanbankynsai Suchiang, 12, son of Risamaïa Suchiang and Joshwa Lyngdoh, 12 years old. The victim was identified as Miki Ryngkhlem, 9, son of Bah Baphinsuk Law.
Police on receiving information about the incident rushed to the scene for further investigation.
Wansuk is currently a police officer in the 1st MLP battalion but since she climbed Mount Everest, there has been a feeling here and there in the police department that she will be promoted.
After hanging out with their daughter for a few hours that night, they go to bed.
To pray is the nature of mankind and prayer should not end only in the destruction of the nation, but should lead us to great deeds, deeds that give peace and hope. to heal and save the future".
“They want to warn me, but they get warning themselves,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Besides these leading Indian companies, the Tata Trust and Xylem Water Solution from the United States have sent their experts to inspect the coal mines in the area.
Therefore, in this regard, the Dorbar Shnong Umlyngsha has warned the people that from now on they should not publish unfounded news by defaming the Shnong without knowing them. you shisha not tick.
The Legislative, if it is destroyed, it is enough to lose the Executive, even if it is six months old, it will not be able to sleep and not know how to eat; there is no knowledge of man or beast.
Employees of the two taxi operating cooperatives have set up jhur farms inside the taxis, where they plant sohsaw, sohlakum, sohkhia, prisbin and other jhur. in plastic bags and placed in the trunk of these small vehicles.
It is worth mentioning that the reason why the MC and the teachers took responsibility for the maintenance of the school was after they saw and found that the Meghalaya government does not have any responsibility, for the restoration of a new building which can be used as accommodation for the students attending the school.
The cycle rally was launched by the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah A.Nongbri, MCS and ended at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Khliehriat.
When we ask ourselves, we feel that we are great sinners, but we should not be discouraged that we are not righteous before the Lord.
The tournament started on the 24th of this month and ended today in the final match between Hame Shaniah Suiam of India from Meghalaya and Hus Hassan Imad Haear from Iraq.
Before I conclude, I admit that we paid knup paid traps are still facing many problems in our daily lives, and that we choose and send shrewd businessmen to but the council shall make laws, and not the judges.
The group of ministers promised that on Tuesday they will show their opposition to Syiem Latho Manik Syiem whom they said they no longer trust and want to overthrow.
On the other hand, Shekhar Gupta in his speech said that PA Sangma has left soon and that there is still a lot to be done for the indigenous people of India.
He urged the believers that this is the time for them to renew their lives, faith and trust in the Creator.
Jemino said the meeting also discussed the need to amend the party's constitution before the General Council on 29th November
A 7.62 pistol and an ASAK letter were recovered from his body and handed over to the police by the villagers.
The Congress on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the CEO of the Chairperson of the Women's Commission, Kong Phidalia Toi for her involvement in the election campaign of Jowai candidate Wailadmiki Shylla of the NPP. Felicita Majaw, wife of Congress candidate from Mawlai, Bah Marbud Dkhar, who accompanied him on the nomination day as she is a member of the Commission.
He said that the Khasi people have been hiding behind the words that they are a nation that knows man, knows God and a nation that holds customs and traditions and they do not accept that it is a mistake that needs to be corrected urgently.
According to information, the name of Bah Bub is stronger if he gets a ticket from this party but that too will depend on whether others who have not got a ticket will join hands to support him.
The transfer of Nongwah Mawtamur, which belongs to Sohiong Hima to Jirang Hima, was revealed through a Right to Information (RTI) request from the Khasi Hill Autonomous District Council (KHADC). On the 17th June 2015, the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, Bah Bashemphang Thabah, handed over the Nongwah Mawtamur Hima to the Hima Jirang without any information or written notice.
In JHADC, Dr Roy said the UDP will win about 10 MDCs and he said there has been an understanding with the independent candidates to form the EC in JHADC. cooperate with the Congress.
According to sources, about 20 Khasi shopkeepers have come to take or give injections of tika in Ïewduh under the police station. The Kingdom of Mylliem.
However, the EC has failed to do so,” said the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne while speaking on the issue during the Question Hour. the second day of the council's spring semester.
The Home Guards with the support of the Khasi Students' Union took to the streets in April 2020 to demand their daily wages, but it ended only in a promise.
“All the belongings inside the house were burnt down by the flames,” said the Waheh Shnong of Tuberkmaishnong, Bah Miki Lyngdoh. .
What is more interesting about this book is that it contains many paintings by Kong Careen Langstieh, one of the famous artists of the state.
Police said that at present, the child is not in critical condition.
“I received the information at 8 pm but I was told that the incident happened at 3 pm,” said Kong Surong.
I'll talk about it tomorrow.
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) has directed the Fair Price Shop Dealers to complete the distribution of rice by 30th June 2022 by using the Online Transaction. e-Post Machine in your center.
To prevent such things from happening, but happening everywhere.
Encourage and Self-Food Production: Farmers should be respected, encouraged and purchased as well as those who raise livestock such as cows, pigs, and cattle.
Taking part in the discussion, Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh wanted to know the reason behind the decision to dissolve the PPP and the KPC. He said that the reason for the removal at that time was the land, where he said that the KPC still wants more land for the college and the temporary lease. will be extended from 30 years to 99 years plus an increase in pay.
“The government and all offices have given a holiday on the polling day so that the people can vote for us instead of using their powers. to go on a picnic and this behavior of ours as a nation should not continue in the upcoming elections,” he said.
“The letters we send to the IBs and SBs are also through him,” said a statement sent this morning.
However, in the inspection of this reporter, it was found that there are water tanks on both sides of the farm, but they have been built since 40 or 40 years ago, because the areas built with dewbilat remain. and the water fell into the earth.
The road connects the Brahmaputra to Silchar-Barak Valley and can also connect to Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura and eastern parts of Assam.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 29: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today opened the 3rd Invitation Football Tournament 2022 at Mawpud Lower Village. Shining Wanniang, Vice President of HNYF, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest.
He said that there was no target to complete this work but as it is now it seems to have continued after a temporary break in the state.
This prayer of blessing should not be misunderstood as the celebration of the Sacrament of Confirmation of the Catholic Church.
Andie said that in order to ensure the safety of eating animals imported from outside the state, the group has also arranged with the meat traders from Assam to appoint doctors at the All pig farms must obtain a certificate from a doctor from Assam and those who sell pigs must bring the certificate and display it at the inspection office. The doctors of Meghalaya will check the animals before they enter the state and will also issue a certificate on the health of these animals so that it will be a safety experience for the people who eat. pork, he added.
In West Jaintia, the project will assist up to 13,000 farmers, the area to be planted is 2,000 hectares and the yield is targeted at 13,000 metric tonnes, he said.
It is called so because it is sugar but contains some molasses which gives it a blue colour, which makes it unpleasant to use in drinking.
“Through this workshop, youths will be taken to visit countries like Australia in April,” said the founder of SRT. Director of ICCR Munish Singh said that the implementation of SRT is necessary for the development of the talents of the youth in this field.
This reporter had the opportunity to visit the place and saw that the people from men and women along with children were standing in a long line.
Furthermore, we have to ask for clarification from the Government, whether the people who have been infected with Covid-19 in the past few days have received any assistance or not from any government schemes or even those who have been infected with Covid-1 die through this Khlam.
This road is the busiest road because all those coming to Shillong, those going to Guwahati, as well as those going from Shillong to Dawki, Pynursla, Sohra, Mawkyrwat, Mairang, Nongstoin and Tura have to travel. walk through this road.
“I have also suggested to them to record videos or record the conversation when they are demanded money so that the department can take action and lodge a complaint,” he said.
The major measures taken by the Government are as follows: The CCEA has approved the continuation of the Urea Subsidy Scheme till 31st October, 2025, at a cost of T 368,676.70 crore.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Government today night imposed restrictions on those who enter Bethany Hospital Shillong and Nongpoh after or after 25th and 30th October
Speaking to reporters, Minister of Home Affairs Lahkmen Rymbui said, “The Police Head Quarter has sent a report to the Home Department and the department is investigating the matter. report and after that what should be done the government will do what is necessary.
Regarding the rumors that Shemhok Garod has been nominated to contest the 2023 election, he immediately denied this and said that there is a law that can punish him. whoever speaks without a true foundation.
A case has been registered under the POCSO Act and handed over to the WPSI/KD Sangma for investigation.
He said the state government has received letters from 43 colleges and out of these 33 colleges have expressed that they are not ready to implement the NEP from this year.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan as the Chief Guest.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlyndep village today met with the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills, to clarify that the incident did not happen in Mawlyndep village.
To further improve the skills of government employees and to provide training opportunities where government employees can train themselves according to the needs of their jobs, Myntri Rangbah Duh launched the initiative Carmayogi Mission.
The Garo Hills District 1957 and also against section 13 of the Fourth Amendment Regulation Act
Shillong, November 7: In 1992, a Muslim congress was held in Hojai (Assam) at the time of the 1992 Muslim Assembly. Railway Minister Jaffar Sherif decided to turn the entire North East into a Muslim state and selected three states, the most important of which are Meghalaya, Assam and Hindustan. Nagaland and at the meeting, it was also decided to achieve the Muslim country by “marrying local women”.
“She said it is the responsibility of the farmers to take advantage of what the government has opened up and do well.
He said that all this is the stupidity of us the people, because we elect leaders who are only for our own benefit.
Jowai, 2nd November: The Sein Raij Tuber will hold this Behdeinkhlam festival on the 19th, 20th & 21st November 2013, at Tuber Kmai Chnong.
There were various parts from the sympathy, the bombing of Jesus by the Roman soldiers and also the fall of Jesus where he left the cross and showed it to the crowd of believers by the young men. many believers were eager to take part because they felt that they could honor or ask about this suffering of Jesus until he was crucified as a Christian. They believe that Jesus came to this world to stay here in order to save sinners on this earth.
bak-ly-bak: there is no difference.
If the words spoken by any member are insulting, indecent or contrary to the sanctity of the Legislative Assembly, the Legislative Assembly may decide not to report such defamatory words. honor the council.
The CSWO also urged the higher authorities of the PWD department, even the government to conduct inspections in various areas on the condition of the roads which affect the traffic of the people. , especially in pain.
Jowai, Naiwieng 27: The Dorbar Shnong of Ladrymbai Dongwah, on the orders of the Dolloi, who is the ruler of the Rangbah Shnongs of Rymbai Elaka, has called for a dorbar to elect new members of the village. In this meeting, there was a stir until the elders and youths wore their hands, jackets and shook hands with each other between those who opposed and those who approved of the meeting.
And that effort of Sir AB Lish ended and the schools were closed and there were no more schools.
Shillong: The JSU War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Inspector General of BSF Meghalaya Frontier against the BSF troops at Muktapur BOP. ; After many of the residents of Muktapur have complained about the behavior of these troops inside the village recently these troops have opened fire inside the village on 1st October
The incident happened at their home.
Tripura Police on Tuesday arrested three persons with T.56 lakh in cash (all worth T.2000) from Dhalai district. , Tripura.
SCA-A scored 107/10 after winning the toss and tied first. Ri Bhoi scored 64 runs for the loss of all wickets.
Maurizio Zanfanti, one of Italy's fastest women, has died at the age of
In his speech, the Chief Guest said that this public launch of the Constitution will be a milestone in the Hima as it is the first village to have its own Constitution.
He said that if the water is filled like this year, only the root or the stalk of the rice is good, but the soh will turn into half rice, which means that it will not be complete in the harvest.
Shillong: The residents of Jhalupara, Shillong, have banned the burial of the body of Dr John Sailo, at the crematorium in the village, for fear of being buried. spread the disease in the village.
At the same time, he congratulated Bah Pynïaid for being re-elected as CEM without any opposition.
Until now, the Sengbhalang has not yet announced what kind of protest decisions they have prepared, but it has been learned that the protests will be terrible and massive and will shake Shillong.
The report said that until Monday morning, the young woman has not been identified but has been sleeping in her house with the help of her family members.
“Anyone can join the BJP, the door is always open.
Heiwanbha has been trained at the Academy of Mawryngkneng Sports and Cultural Club from U-12, U-14 and in the Senior Team of the village to play in the Second Division in Polo. In 2019, he joined the Raitsamthiah Sports Club Shillong.
Biplab was accompanied by BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh, Minister of State AL Hek and David Kharsati.
Speaking to media on Friday, u Nohwet said that as an engineer, he sees that there are many Khasi youths who are skilled in many fields. Together, they have been able to manufacture various machines ranging from scooty and others.
The government may import piat from abroad due to the increase in the price of piat, said the Minister of Commerce and Industry, Anand Sharma today.
And there are few who understand that.
Before the final, a short meeting was held by AJCA Vice President Arwotki Sumer in the presence of Chief Guest Philander Lyngdoh, AJCA Vice President Edystone Shylla and AJCA Executive Members. This is the first time that the AJCA has organized a tournament for children under 15 years of age.
R.Nongtdu, Director Bulletin Editor.
He said that the MRGA has made it clear that foreigners cannot enter and have to get a license to start work, but when the people oppose, the government listens.
In the second session, there was a training on the benefits of rice to the soil and the origin of life and the importance of rice for food for wildlife.
At the same time, she apologized to those who did not enter the venue of the program who came late because they were blocked by the President's security forces.
Pynshngaiñ said that the speech of the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma is misleading in some cases he speaks one thing and sometimes another which shows that he is a person without a strong foundation. “Now he says that Nongstoiñ is ready and doesn't need the VAB anymore. If the Ordinance comes into force at that time, what will happen to the Nongstoiñ Hima? you are the prime minister,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
The group led by Dr Vijaylakshmi Sadho, former MP, Wansuk Syiem MP and Working President James Lyngdoh, has lodged a complaint that such an announcement has escaped the investigation of the Election Commission. because it violates the election rules.
“It is not the Congress that has banned coal, but the coal has been banned because there is a petition lodged by the All Dimasa Students Union Dima Hasao District against the NGT. The hearing of the case on coal will be held on June 24,” said Ma Vincent and added that to mine coal, environmental laws must be passed to avoid affecting the waters of the rivers.
“Looking at the beers seized by the police, it shows that there has been some crime in this area,” said Prestone.
According to police sources, the two boys, William Ryntathing and Khraw borlang Ryntathiang, have confessed that there was no violence on their part. but it is not of your own will.
Conrad said the religious leaders had met him in January to express their concern over the issue.
He urged the residents of the neighboring villages to work hard for the development of their villages and to ensure that evils do not spread inside the villages and that their children are free from evil deeds in order to maintain peace.
“Regarding the development of transportation, the Seng suggests to the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya to build a four lane road from Ratachera to Umïam (Damsite). ) closed to make it easier to transport goods and passengers," the union said.
You earn a month, I earn a day.
These rice and dai are under the PMGKAY scheme for the month of June, 2020 in East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat.
“Therefore, if at this time, when we are still short, the government doesn't look after us, how will the government do when it gets worse tomorrow?” he asked.
Over the next few years he prospered in the United States as well.
Key points of the new guidelinesActivities not released from 15th March 2020, in areas outside the Containment ZoneCinemas/theatres/multiplexes allowed to reopen by ensuring that only half the number of people enter The SOP for this purpose will be issued by the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting.
“For I am God, and there is none else” “I am the God telling from the beginning the end” Isaiah 46:9-1
Commissioner and Secretary Dr D. Vijay Kumar in the presence of District Sports Officer (DSO) Bah Khroobok Passah, office bearers of WJDSA including the Working President. EMH Passah, General Secretary Lammat-O Laloo, Vice President Patrick Lamare and others.
Efty Utd won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 263/8 in 35 overs.
The President today also empowered Modi to take over as Prime Minister, although the swearing-in ceremony will be held on the same day at 5 pm at Rashtrapati Bhavan, New Delhi. Delhi.
During the search, 300 boxes of soap containing 3.416 kilos of heroin were recovered.
There have been allegations that Process's entry into Congress is a plot to overthrow Pynshngaiñ N Syiem as CEM. Speaking on this occasion, Process said, “I am only a member of the Congress. “What is needed now is to work hard to bring back the Congress party in the upcoming elections”.
Maezawa, 44, will give £7,000 cash prizes for 10,000 followers and will select those who reply to his posts or retweet them. article written on 1st July
Heimonlang Nongpluh is a former Indian Police Service (IPS) officer who retired from his post on Tuesday, November 1,
India has been holding the Presidency of the G20 since 1 November
Shillong: Marthon J Sangma of the National People's Party (NPP) has won the election from Mendipathar.
“We have always heard that the Municipal complains that it doesn't have enough money, so it should conduct surveys around the area and collect revenue especially when many foreigners don't renew their said Bah Nongsiej.
Mawpat Presbyterian Higher Sec School, Mawpat 4.
Meghalaya is in second place on the points table, but as the match between Nagaland and Mizoram remains, it has not been possible to confirm these positions until the end of the tournament. stay in this lym pung.
Ko bah Tynsong if you are a true leader who thinks about suffering and happiness lead the people by example and be a Guinea Pig yourself. and Satnam Global Infra Ltd.
These four cows were owned by Kong Nil Bareh who lost three cows and Kong Rida Dkhar who lost one cow.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Everjoy Nongpluh expressed his gratitude to see that these youths have the responsibility to join the party in order to continue to work and serve the community. part of the country and the nation.
Students, who covered themselves in blue clothes, today protested against girls who covered their heads, at the Mahatma Gandhi Memorial College (MGM) in Udupi district.
The United States and four other countries have three times increased their exports of weapons.
It is learned that the daughter of the woman, saw the time when her father, killed her mother and after that he tied her with a tyllai and stabbed her at that place.
The PDF will have to work hard to strengthen and establish itself if it wants to win more otherwise it may decline from what it has achieved before.
Jyrwa said that in the last three or four years, the number of cases of rape in the state has increased.
“This bridge was built during the first KJP Assembly at the Presbyterian Church New Nongstoin, but unfortunately until now the bridge has not reached anywhere and it has become a rainstorm for the tand. PWD which has been left inside the district headquarters,” said Nongdkhar.
He added that the new polling station will be held on the 24th of this month. The polling station has been guarded by police in three categories. of the state and a police force.
The Waheh Shnong of Tuber Kmaishnong, Ma Micky Lyngdoh, said that this bridge has been a long standing dream of the farmers of the village, especially in order to bring the color of their crops which the farmers have to cross the Myntdu River.
Novak Djokovic has reached the final of Wimbledon for the sixth time after last year's champion beat Jannik Sinner to win a record 35th Grand Slam title. on Thursday.
Some candidates have come to meet me and I have replied that I cannot decide whether to stand or not.
The opening ceremony was also attended by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State and others.
This was announced at a meeting of the Executive Committee of KHADC convened by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, other EMs along with other political parties and leaders. Other organizations that attended the meeting included the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, HYC, and the Union of Village Authorities of Bri U. Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) who have strongly opposed the Central Government's plan to implement the UCC in the country saying that the ethnic groups who have their own customs and traditions will be affected by the UCC and even the District Councils. they will be powerless.
“Through the letter, it seems that they don't want to talk, I can't say anything yet.
This is because there is no security due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
“Isn't it foreign forces taking advantage of the conflict and instability in Manipur?
In 2018, he was elected as the President of the HSPDP State Youth Wing and in 2021, he was appointed as the President of the HSPDP State Youth Wing. Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, the union requests that the road construction company should implement the road in a proper manner and not just do torti because if it does torti it will cause problems to many people.
He said that MeECL has a goal to ensure that this power outage will not cause any more disruption to the people.
Upon finding the body, the residents informed the police, who rushed to the scene and found that the body and head of the man were buried in the ground while the legs were buried in the ground. pat appeared outside.
“The roster is not the roster of Bah Adelbert but because a Garo woman has appealed to the court and when the court has issued the roster of these Ministers from the UDP party, The HSPDP, PDF and BJP have approved the roster prepared by the NPP in such a way that the Garo people will benefit.
After saying this, the young man left for Indore, the Times of India reported and fled from his village, Taloja. , on 21st November 2020, where he told her that he had tested positive for covid
The youth fell into a 20 feet deep pond and his body was recovered by a team from the Fire and Emergency Service, South West Khasi Hills District and They were able to get out at about 4 pm.
This victory enabled Preeti to overcome injuries to win the gold medal.
“Every game is important for us and I believe the players will play better tomorrow to score points,” he said.
The DC said he appreciates the opinion of the civil society and the village authorities on this issue.
It is not clear why these two pastors have been suspended and how long the suspension will last.
The state government also informed the court that the government is trying to relieve the impact of the power outage in the hospitals but said that these hospitals should ring electricity with high tension feeder lines.
Lazio Dkhar scored two goals in the 10th and 46th minutes and Khroobormi Sutnga scored the second goal for Wapung Block in the 13th minute. Ennocent Mylliem scored the first goal in the 17th minute for Lumshnong Block.
The deceased were identified as Rohit Kshiar, 14, of Mawlat and Dilibon Tangsang, 35, of Mawkria.
The two brothers and other athletes brought fame and glory to India after winning the gold medal in the World Jeet Kune Do Championship which ended on the 12th of this month. in Sri Lanka.
“It doesn't mean that I have retired from politics just because I don't contest elections anymore, although I am no longer inside the four walls of the House but I will be a politician outside the House,” said Bah Lapang.
Shillong: The Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) has demanded that all teachers of private colleges should receive the same salary as teachers in other government colleges. , because they do exactly the same thing.
In a letter, the Rangbah Shnongs have written to the Chief Minister that they oppose the state government's proposal to introduce a Bill on Rangbah Shnongs in the Legislative Assembly. which was written before the dorbar synrai which began on the 16th of November).
However, this has no clarity on demand.
Sohryngkham scored the only goal in the 55th minute through GG Kharbuli.
“Since ancient times, the Kurs have been holding our traditional dance for three days, but since the year 1800, with the arrival of the French in our country, the Kurs have not been able to hold the traditional dance. The 16 founders of the Seng Khasi have gathered all the kurs and took themselves to see and see under the name of the Seng Khasi and the Seng Khasi. “I'm still alive,” said Bah Ryntathiang.
Atiq Ahmed, a dangerous robber, has not received court permission regarding his plans to attend the last rites of his son Asad's body. killed in clash with Uttar Pradesh Special Task Force (STF) in Jhansi.
The change of mindset is the reason for growth in all areas.
Behind this case, Thomas Jones understood that this was a conspiracy or instigation by Harry Inglis (who was his enemy), in order to get himself arrested and brought to justice.
On the other hand, Dr.S Kharsyiemlieh, Judge of the Judicial Council of KHADC, said that those who wish to appeal against the petition should appeal online by visiting the website of DistrictCouncil@gmail.com. help them with their plidar.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that the police department is ready to file several more cases against the suspect.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) will meet next month to discuss the nomination of a joint candidate for all political parties in the state government, said U Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today.
When examining fish ponds and rice fields near rainforests, it was found that fish grow quickly because they are rich in nutrients known as plankton. (small insects or microscopic organisms) that have been colored by water and also the rice grows roots and fruits.
Perhaps if the VPP does not win anyone in the last MLA elections, will anyone be willing to contest for the VPP? This shows a lack of understanding of leadership.
They are the angels, and the prophets.
There was a time when Linda was dating Bahnah and Riia.
Sonia Gandhi also directed Lapang to talk to Joshi, who is the General Secretary in charge of Meghalaya. and Bah Lapang, on the issues that the AICC is considering in relation to Meghalaya.
Father Majaw said that the MBOSE question papers have been rejected by the MBOSE, which has caused the students of this state to be counted below other states. speak and no one will count them anymore and people will think that they are young people who have passed well by asking questions.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah C.Challam, the SSSS leaders expressed the problem faced by the people in these villages, because just because of the deterioration of the transformer, the people have to stay in darkness. without light for more than 6 months.
The four arrested persons were sent to prison.
However, those who make documentaries or publish news should consult with the Dorbar whether it is with the Syiem Khynnah or the Syiem Rangbah of the Hima Khyrim.
The Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, today said that police have arrested three persons allegedly involved in the incident at Mahadev Khola. attacked by a group.
Especially in this world of mobile phones, O... we are proud that our children know how to operate mobile phones but we don't realize that it is a poison that destroys humanity.
Therefore, the most important part at this juncture is to find out those elderly or young people who have thought and have the position to cover all the leaders of political parties especially the ethnic parties. .
What can be seen is that this time has really demanded things that are more or extra, that it is such that parents need to take care of their families so that they can to build the future of our children in this society.
How will the Roster System solve these problems? As it turns out, there are many errors in the State Reservation Policy and also in the following OMs. which is intended to be implemented from the beginning.
To conclude this message I would like you to read for yourself the true worship of Abraham recorded in the book of Genesis 22:1-1
The government department said that there are up to 8 villages inhabited by the Lisu people – which still fall within the boundary of the Namdapha National Park & ​​Tiger Reserve. The Government of India has also announced that it will provide relief goods for the Lisu people to leave the area.
These tins of houses were purchased through the financial assistance of the Fifteenth Finance Commission 2020-2021 to the council.
) Jeremiah was one of the true prophets of God Jer.5:30-3
Bhoirymbong, Jymmang 15: The UDP Umroi constituency today decided to work hard to defeat the Umroi MLA Bah Ngaidlang Dhar, by winning the party's candidate in the upcoming MLA elections.
Kandahar: At least 32 people have been killed and 53 others injured in a massive explosion in the Afghan city of Kandahar.
Shillong: U Bah Denis, said that Bah Hoping, has won 12 MLA elections without losing anyone.
The total number of people living with HIV in the State as of March, 2023 is 8384 people.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has directed all candidates who have criminal cases to publish their cases in the media. the newspaper or the electronic media.
The house will cost T.53 crore and Barla was urged to look into this project for the benefit of the people of the state.
Besides, it cannot be said that the work that other people do in one day, ours takes two or three days. .
“The Women's Reservation Bill was introduced by the Prime Minister on Tuesday in Parliament. I personally welcome this bill for the benefit of women in the country,” he said. Sawkmie speaks to the reporter.
Shillong, Lber, 4: The Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS) Shillong City has sent a message of congratulations to all the youth of Bri u Hynniewtrep and the state as a whole who are taking various examinations this year. 2024 from SSLC, HSSLC and others.
To blame the government for the financial crisis which will make it impossible for the government to reach out to the unemployed youth is unbelievable.
Modi said current and former members of the Legislative Assembly testify to the coherence of this statement.
“(L) PA Sangma is a true teacher and leader who has taught and guided us (children) to ensure that whatever we do in life, especially in political affairs, “We must turn to the people first and ensure that every decision we take should be good for the people of the state and the country,” said the CM. PA Sangma, who is also the former Speaker of the Lok Sabha, is a man who has won the love of the people.
Instead of Wilas Pale, the Dorbar has elected Flimmingstone Khynriam as the Rangbah Shnong of Lumtrep Nongjngi.
I called a fellow villager to go and see that Mawhati.
“We came, we drove away all the people...we took pictures, after this, 2-3 policemen came out of the village and said there were no people here, but when we showed the video, “I've been shocked, but they say we don't have enough people,” said Bah Kharsyntiew.
"This also means that the employer must ensure that the employee has time to fulfill his religious duties.
The Sengbhalang leaders said that they want the registration of voters to be conducted in every village so that the people who register are entitled to receive through the certification of the Sordars or Rangbah Shnongs.
Speaking to reporters, Bah SP Marngar Publicity Secretary of the party, said that the party cannot sit idly by in this regard, because the construction of the The new school building has caused a great loss to the residents of the area, especially to the children who attend the school.
Guests will have the opportunity to talk, read books and enjoy the production of story books.
The Khonraij (Chilliangraij) left for the Symbood Khnong at 9:30 pm from the sanctuary at Ïawmusiang to erect it at Khliehshnong in Chilliangraij.
The Congress leader acknowledged that the Congress is an independent party and respects all especially the identity of the minorities in the North East and Meghalaya.
The current problem is not the increase in income in the state but the increase in the price of food items and this affects the poor people of the state, if there is an increase in income Even if the price of books increases, it will not affect much but the income will decrease while the price increase will affect the people.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pynshngainlang, who is the MLA for two terms from Mawsynram, said that he has not received any information that he does not trust Dr Mukul Sangma. from the media that there was no intention to kill him.
In a letter to the Chairman of the Law Commission, the Union said, “It should be understood that we are minorities in all aspects and we are a special nation, and we need the care and supervision of the Central Government. bad State Government.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Pynkhreh Surong said that his brother has been missing since the 10th of this month along with a new Mahindro Bolero Pickup but the family has not been looking for him. for they thought he was in the house of the bridegroom.
He said that the allegation by the leader of the Maitshaphrang Movement, Bah Michael N Syiem that pastors only know how to unite, is a false allegation because pastors are not like that but they are trying their best to unite. to innovate when they find families facing challenges and division.
Section 77 of the Act was amended in the House and the amendment states that 'It is illegal to give alcoholic beverages or tobacco to a child. unless otherwise directed by a physician.
He also had the opportunity to serve the Lord with songs through small and large churches from the age of less than 10 years.
This suspension of recruitment will continue until all the arrangements have been made for each post under the Reservation Policy. The appointment of vacant or vacant posts in the state.
The clean color of the cover and stamp reflects the culture of the society in the North East along with their faith.
For this amendment, these organizations have lost sleep and have traveled to Delhi to meet with the heads of the Central Government without any expense from the State Government.
These infiltrators from other states and countries in Meghalaya are young or middle-aged men.
Before closing the meeting, prizes were distributed to the winners of these two games and as a way of bringing about the relationship with the residents, the unit also distributed jaiñ tapmoh to the winners of these two games. the 30 women of the village.
There are those who, after receiving it, say, 'Ai(I) Pisa Shuh (IPS)' and the IPS will work again. , that is, the Election Commission in the states, too, have been frightened like shrieh, they have not done anything.
It cannot be said that even among the people who work well, their families are broken or without family understanding.
On the same day, the union also complained about the lack of electricity posts in Mawdaron, Saiden and other villages which is dangerous to the people during this rainy season. The union also went to inspect the situation with their own eyes and the union does not want the MePDCL department to take action until tragic incidents occur.
“If something happens to the children of these poor teachers, will the government take responsibility and if something happens to the mother, what does she have to say?” said the teachers.
The living God does not speak to stones, trees, or animals, but to the people of the earth.
Speaking on the keynote address of the Governor, Dr Don said that the implementation of the rules of the central government will take time and sometimes there is no time to listen, and it is up to the government. The state should not create the opportunity to call for talks from its own power with the rebel groups.
The Mawryngkneng Quarantine Center started on 4th June 2020 and ended on 30th July
Others include Prof DV Kumar from Department of Sociology, NEHU, Shillong as Expert Member in Sociology, Prof. Chander Shekhar from Department of Fertility and Social Demography, Indian Institute of Population Sciences, Mumbai as Expert Member. Member in the Department of Population Studies and Prof Subhadip Mukherjee, Assistant Professor of Economics and Public Policy at IIM, Shillong as an Expert Member in the Department of Economics.
She said that the family still has full confidence in the investigation of the Rajasthan Police and the Meghalaya Police in collaboration with the Central Women Commission, State Women Commission and the Social Welfare Department. The family hopes that the investigation will be clean and successful to find out the true cause of the sudden death of their daughter.
Aizawl: The Government of India has appointed Renu Sharma as the new Chief Secretary of Mizoram, while Chief Minister Zoramthanga (MR) Zoramthanga wants to appoint JC Ramthanga as the new Chief Secretary of Mizoram. Zoram Thanga has expressed his disappointment with the decision of Home Minister Amit Shah.
He said the EC will also ensure that the projects of the Council can generate revenue from the tourist spot at Maraikaphon Sohra as well as the Bishop Falls in Mawlai which is under construction besides the markets.
I created the Lyngngam alphabet with the 'V' and the 'W'
Athletes from eight Asian countries included Afghanistan with 94, Bangladesh with 137, Bhutan with 155, Maldives with 38, Nepal with 128, Pakistan with 85, Sri Lanka and India with .
Many of them are like 'ksew pyndem tdong' and 'byrngem' like 'laren without dun slap'. There are those who say that in the time of Bah Bull, the situation was suitable for doing so, but now pat you are no longer connected.
What has happened in Shillong in these days has not been surprising in terms of the growth of prostitution which is a great shame to the Hynniewtrep people; However, the increase in these crimes has surprised many to see that the crimes have reached the point where those involved have said “ka banse ka thom ia ka sang” until the blue has come out. As a citizen, it is not easy to stop such a terrible act, but there have been many who have expressed their anger and from the organizations of respect. Even the villages and townships have expressed that they cannot allow such activities to destroy and destroy the jaidbynriew.
BSF troops from 4 Bn after receiving a tip-off seized 350 bottles of smuggled phensedyl which was intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh through the border areas of Bangladesh. area West Jaintia Hills.
“The moderator of a Presbyterian Church in Wales said that in England, only 4 out of 100 churches go to church on Sunday.
The meeting was conducted by Bah D.Nongkseh Secretary Shnong Jaidoh, a prayer was offered and speeches were delivered by the Sordar Shnong Jaidoh Bah T.Nongkseh and Bah K.Nongdkhar Mawthungkper who thanked the group. Then he went to the house of Rangli in the area.
“If you look at the villages which do not fall under Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah MDC constituency but the houses and village offices which have never existed before like in Nongmensong, with the help of schemes I have been able to achieve what other leaders have not been able to do,” he said. he added.
We find that the people listen carefully to the speeches of Mr. Prestone and Mr. Amazing.
This program is part of the efforts to explain to the school children about the dangers of drugs, kiad and other alcoholic beverages which are widespread in Jowai.
Earlier, the Supreme Court had refused to interfere in the incident and said that he was also involved in carrying out some of the legal tasks which were brought before the higher courts.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 495 new cases have been confirmed and there are 4464 active cases in the state.
When asked whether the reason for the raid was because the members of the KSU had robbed the trucks, KSU President Biangbor Paliar said that the members of the two organizations had not done anything. which is stupid or stupid for the truck drivers, but they don't want to inform the time of entry and exit in Mawlai.
100,200,500 or 2000 only during elections cannot solve poverty and problems in the society but only through policies according to the needs of the time that can improve the people in the country. all sides.
"Speaking at the meeting, Bah Comingone Ymbon urged especially the youth to turn to their own jobs in order to improve their income and economic development. to strengthen cooperative activities for economic promotion and development.
Ma Kyrmen Shylla in his speech said that after the National Green Tribunal (NGT) banned the mining of coal in Meghalaya, many of the people in these days have started turning to coal mining in Meghalaya. tourism development and other beneficial activities.
Bankynsai said that the VEC has not been able to implement the project.
At the service today, it was said that there is a love for the cross, the receipt of the body and blood of Jesus, through the sacrament.
The State Government has allocated T.34.5 crore for the construction of stadiums at Polo.
“However, after seeing that in the previous Cabinet meetings, there was no discussion on the issue of adhoc teachers, we have returned to the streets,” he added.
Police have arrested the accused, Manish Pandey, and two of his assistants and seized about 10 pistols and ammunition from them.
If the youth are strong, the nation will be happy.
It was also noted that there are still villages which do not have enough Anganwadi Centers and discussed how to take measures to address this issue.
Imphal: Troops have been on patrol in various parts of Manipur following protests by indigenous groups against a court's decision on the Scheduled Tribe status of in the state of Manipur.
Speaking to media today, the Governor said he was forced to say that there are some areas that are not suitable for the development of tourism in the state.
"Yes," replied Hep. At this time, Hep was asked many other questions.
“Ka seng strongly condemns the government led by Mukul Sangma for failing to protect the Khasi Pnar people of Block 1 who have been harassed, attacked in their villages and extorted money from the police. “We urge the government through the PWD to immediately complete the cleaning of the road from Sahsniang to Mowluber and especially the construction of the Kureliya Bridge. should have been completed by 2005.
This program lays the foundation for the community to manage the use of groundwater in a scientific and responsible manner.
Furthermore, during the training, the residents, drivers and shopkeepers were informed to respect the cleanliness of the environment by not throwing garbage on the hills and rivers and not to go outside. the village council of Diengpasoh.
Khliehriat, July 13: The Jaintia Tourism Environment Society ( Jaintia Tourism Environment Society ) today held a debate program on the issue of filling coal mines with garbage. The program was held at Eastern College Khliehriat.
The meeting was attended by Bah D. Toi Executive Engineer PHE, Nongstoin Division who is also a member of DSBMG, West Khasi Hills Nongstoin and the chief guest.
Mynsngad took the lead by two goals through Army Talang (17) and Banker Muksor (21).
People are no longer happy with man's rule because man himself has ruled the earth without fear and without knowledge of God's laws.
Furthermore, Bah Samuel Jyrwa said that NESO invites all the people of the area to support this path and at the same time to continue to fight for the right given by God.
FIFA has also threatened to punish the country and possibly be excluded from the 2026 World Cup qualifiers. long in the month of April.
New Delhi: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today announced that the Government of India has decided to repeal the Farmers Act, which will be passed in the National Assembly. I'll be there soon.
The Raid Nongkrem did not take part in this ritual.
The TMC leaders should stop talking nonsense and not claim that the MDA government has given all the land to Assam.
Afghanistan, Pakistan and Nigeria.
On Tuesday, 50 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
After the Holy Mass, the Bishop launched a souvenir book of the Sakhain-Moolimen Church in which the journey of the faithful over the past 100 years and a song cassette entitled “ In the afternoon, a Eucharistic procession was led by Father Hilarius Lamare (Diocesan Administrator of the Diocese of Jowai). Hermis Suja, Chairman of the Sakhain-Moolimen Centenary Celebration Committee, gave a welcome speech.
“According to our calculations, we don't expect to win so much,” said Balajiedkupar.
Not only that, the arrival of the Missionaries brought about the development of human resources such as the use of Tyrnem, kurat, prek, lyngka as well as education and others.
At the meeting, the farmers and traders of cattle in the state said that the problem they are facing is due to the overcrowding of foreign cattle traders who have brought their cattle from Assam and other countries. other states and these have increased the price of mur in the markets to attract the attention of the countrymen.
In another order, the office of the Area Accounts Office has been closed due to the confirmation of a case of Covid-1
Hek said the BJP, India's largest party, will have many candidates for the Shillong and Tura seats.
Earlier, the VPP MLA admitted that the Meghalaya government's reluctance to talk to Assam is the reason why the border residents are facing many problems.
It was decided that a meeting should be held between the Government, KHADC and SNSBH to discuss issues affecting the community and it is expected that the Government will convene a meeting. decided to meet again.
Up to 16 (Khadhynriew) teams will be accepted into the tournament and the winner and loser of the final will receive a cash prize as well as individual prizes for the goalkeeper. , 'a bat player and a good scorer.
On the other hand, the SP of EJH, Bah S. Thamar, said that in fact, there are no more bodies at the scene of the crash.
On this occasion, Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, President of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU), demanded that the government should clarify to the public regarding the rules of driving.
However, when the journalists refused to pay, the Assam police arrested them and took them to Azara Police Station on the border with Meghalaya.
He said that Union Home Minister Amit Shah has not been able to come in October due to the elections in West Bengal and is expected to call in the coming days. I will come.
Police are still searching for the arrest of the suspect who dared to steal from a person's house without any reason in the morning.
This is because we are sleepy in the search for peace, so we don't want to be vigilant in society.
I also think that there are no more jobs that our Meghalayans don't know how to do.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The Drugs Controller General of India (DGCI) has urged patients and doctors to stop using Digene Gel.
Let us trust in God body and soul so that God will bless us.
“I would rather leave the party than move away from the foundation on which I stand for the people, I did not contest elections to earn money and I did not contest elections to get power. I am fighting elections to be a blessing to the people and it is on this basis that I will form the VPP”.
He also knows who is right or wrong and for this reason, he does not look for faults, shrai, and dom kulmar.
The blaze broke out at Mahdia Secondary School in central Guyana.
The result is the acquisition of the wealth of life that is fundamental to and strengthens the Christian faith of believers.
The Governor, who was the chief guest, spoke on the contribution of the media to the society and said that the media should not be biased and should write the truth.
Speaking to media, Bah Ronnie, who will contest the 2023 MLA election from the Congress, said, “Do the people need assistance only during the elections, where are those FOCUS schemes going for five years? The people have been waiting for three years, the people need to cover their heads or those pigs and cows only now that the elections are near.
After more than 10 hours of the meeting, Bah Ardent left the venue and after 10 hours, the crowd was waiting and greeted him when he left the venue. a white Bolero to return home.
Bah Rudi said that many parents send their children to school just to get government jobs and that has left us behind.
In his speech, the Chief Guest urged the youth who love sports to have a strong spirit of struggle to reach their goals and gave an example to them that in this age of technology they should use the internet to watch tricks or ki training on how to become proficient in sports activities such as marathon.
U Rgh, S.Sari Publicity Secretary Sengkhihlang.
Prof. SB Prasad, Vice Chancellor Incharge was also present as the Chief Guest and Bah F. Rumnong, State NSS Officer, Government of Meghalaya as the Chief Guest.
The program was also attended by the Governor of Meghalaya – Gulab Chand Kataria.
In a statement, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that the CSWO has lodged a complaint with the DGP regarding the distribution of bad milk to the ICDS. but the police did not do anything.
His actions are also a violation of the rights of the supporters of the party who won him the MDC bye election in December
Restaurants and bars will close at 9pm.
These pictures were not put up by his supporters but by the contractors who went to take these pictures because even in my shop or house there are pictures of Conrad,” said John. .
In the Under-14 men's category, West Khasi Hills beat East Jaintia Hills 0-1 with a goal scored by Sandy Kassar in the 42nd minute.
Unfortunately, the Government does not know or recognize this fact, nor has there been any proper attempt to distinguish between the facts and the myths.
Shillong, Nailur 24: A member of the KSU Mawryngkneng has been arrested by the police this morning for allegedly attempting to set fire to the office of BDO Mawryngkneng.
The election of the Village Authority in Pahamrioh, is where all the residents of the village and those who have the Dur Epic, can elect the village leaders. public meeting to elect village officers.
Ricky has previously been with ATK Mohun Bagan Super Giant since leaving Indian Arrows for the 2021-22 season.
One of the most tragic, terrible and shocking incidents has been the taking away of the life of a Senior Citizen named U (L) Engloma Khiangte, from the Umran Village, Bhoi District.
When it is not true as alleged by anonymous people who spread through WhatsApp and social media.
“We accept that there has been a delay in the appointment process in the Council when there have been vacancies in the past years.
A letter of resignation has been sent to the President of India and the Union Minister of Education, the statement said. from the organization.
At the same time, he said that next month, the party will send a final letter to the state government to cancel the recruitment process through personal interview so that the The registration shall be clean and free of charge.
According to the Head of Government, about 5,000 foreign workers have fled from Garo Hills especially those from Assam in fear after being attacked by robbers.
“They claim that they have withdrawn Rs 5 or Rs 6 crore from the MLA scheme, but in fact the MLA scheme is only Rs 2 crore and this MLA scheme, even the scheme itself is not enough, it is time to stop working. “It's not because I'm going to have an election,” he added.
Hiram went to his father at the train station.
“This year we will hold it in Kolkata, Guwahati and Kokrajhar in Assam where there are 24 teams after the deployment of two more teams including two foreign troops from Nepal and Bangladesh,” said Mohendroo, adding that Shillong Lajong will take part in the tournament.
Voice of People Party (VPP) leaders have planned to protest near the Secretariat against the dismissal of Lokayokta officers. The police have banned the VPP leaders from sitting near the Secretariat due to the enforcement of 144 CRPC in the area near the Secretariat.
The temperature in Patna on July 15 reached 45.8 degrees Celsius, the highest in the last 10 years, the Meteorological Department said.
Shankupar Kharbyngar scored two goals for Nongkrem SC to win the second division football league 2023 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association.
Faith is a sacred personal matter and should not be used as a weapon to divide the nation.
Three candidates have applied for tickets including former HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin, former HYC President Prof DRL Nonglait and former Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie.
Regarding the niut in Jowai, he said that in 28 years no one has done anything about it, so he urged the people to be patient, adding that if it is not the case, The Covid-19 pandemic has already resolved this issue.
The villages which are in the process of implementing this scheme like Mukhnang, Umjalisiaw, Madanrtiang, Mukoh, Khonsaro, Lapangap, Namdong and other villages in Nartiang Constituency which fall under Thadlaskein C&RD Block have been severely affected by this lack of scheme. KSU Lapangap Unit General Secretary Saikial Sumer said, “While the scheme is running smoothly, there is no scheme to develop the scheme for 100 days.
The leader of the Seng together with the Rangbah Shnongs have also decided to lodge a complaint with the SDO of Pynursla Civil Sub Division and the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills regarding this. the company's behavior.
Shillong: As part of the fight against the discrimination against women (women, youth and children) in our state which has increased from time to time, we as a Seng Longkmie invites and invites all the children of Bri U Hynniew-Trep to join the rally on the 18th October 2021 to express their condolences on the incident of violence against women and rape. We will urge the authorities to take action to enforce and punish according to laws such as IPC
“We don't accept the claim of the Minister of Education that the theft is only at one examination centre, it is doubtful to believe because there may be many places where questions have been stolen,” he said. The questions were stolen on the morning of 31st July at 1:30 am before the MTET examination. A complaint has been lodged by Sofi Kamrul Hassan, Muktiar of the MTET examination. Meghalaya High Court after the photographs of these questions used for the MTET examination have spread through social media.
Shillong, November 22: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, who is the leader of the BJP, on Tuesday said that the defeat of the BJP in the mid-term MDC elections is not much different as it is only the beginning.
The shalyntem of time moves from one month to another.
The mother didn't know anything about it and gave the puri to the child.
It was informed at this public meeting that Labang Nongphyllut Pangam Raliang Elaka has lost its Dolloi just because it has been transferred to Karbi Anglong District Assam. The State Government has requested that all these Block-I villages should be re-transferred to Meghalaya.
He said that in the past few days the State Government has appealed to the Supreme Court and tomorrow it will take the matter to the hearing and he will hear what the court will decide tomorrow.
Shahnawaz Alam will contest from Araria while Ritu Jaiswal will contest from Sheohar.
He said that this action of the government is only to show that it does not want to speak when members are appointed, but as he demanded from the beginning the government should renew it because if not now this will cause. make it difficult for decades for young people to find jobs.
Shillong: Two bikes (OD 04 E 9447 and ML 05 G 1066) were stolen from Wahkdait at 7.30 am this morning.
“This government of Dr Mukul Sangma for 40 years has not had a record of pleasing the people in terms of development or performance,” Kohli said. the road more potholes than good parts".
The reason for the traffic jam is the lack of a proper Traffic Branch in the District.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) in Ribhoi District has applied for more doctors at CHC Bhoirymbong due to the shortage of doctors.
“We are now conducting a search operation for the person who sent Raju and the truck.
Other speakers included Pynbeit Laloo, Village Secretary, K Shylla, H Hinge General Secretary Khliehongriang at the meeting chaired by Waheh Shnong Kermi Ladia.
Goals from Ahmed Jahouh, Alberto Noguera and Vikram Partap Singh on Tuesday night qualified for the AFC Champions League for the second time in a row. Mumbai City FC have qualified for the Asian Cup.
However, Minister Duh has launched the Jan Aushadhi Kendra and by launching a program related to the manufacture of medicines in the country, he has launched a program where all the poor can get medicines at 8% to 30% off.
The names of four schools of Prayagraj were also included in this list.
As part of providing the public with access to information and explanations on the vaccine or vaccine to prevent the spread of COVID-19 without the need for the public to leave anywhere, the District Administration of East Khasi Hills District has launched a toll free helpline.
They stopped disbursing the EMI to the Accounts of the students since the last three months and certified that the subscription had expired and was canceled without knowing the reasons thereon, wherein it was claimed that they should not pay the remaining payments.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, Bah Banshai Marbaniang of Mawsynram said that as the people of Mawsynram, we are very concerned and strongly oppose this permission of the state government. .
However, this is getting worse and worse.
Once, while Jesus was here on earth, in Israel, he went back to the village early in the morning, he had to walk because there was no car at that time.
