Therefore, the union would like to thank the MLA of the area, the SDO Amlarem and the DC of West Jaintia Hills for being quick to listen to the union's request for the sake of the lives and livelihoods of the people of the area.
She also urged the people to know the fact that there are some responsibilities because of the rule of law in the country where we live, we have to act according to some requirements. and procedures.
It is difficult to get such leaders especially in this turbulent age.
There are dozens of ksew, who have died in the attempt to fly to the sky.
The Secretary of the Unit said that during the inspection, they found that the patients suffer a lot when they go to the hospital, because there are no doctors to look after them. He said that the union has found that the toilets are not adequate, the drinking water is not adequate and there is a great need to appoint staff. The Sub Health Centre, so that the work can go smoothly.
Organizers shall first check that any rules and regulations that have been passed or prohibited in the area where the public is intended to be held through or are still in force will be enforced unless released by the authorities. the government.
Dr. A. War, who explained to the people of Umsamlem, said that the basis for issuing this news, Parad from Umsamlem, is in critical condition and has symptoms of COVID-19, but it is not the Roberts Hospital that has given him the hospital. Roberts Hospital is not wrong, because they have done the right thing and that is that they have done according to the government's directives to all hospitals.
The Investigation Officer (IO) has faced many difficulties and inevitable incidents, which have led to the delay in the work.
He also stressed the need to take strong action against the armed groups involved in bloodshed.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 31: In order to promote the youth of the village in football, the management of Steplanglur Social & Cultural Club on Saturday held a football tournament for the youth of the village. The football tournament was held on Saturday 30th November.
A case has been registered under the NDPS Act at Khliehriat Police Station and investigation is underway to track down those involved.
Shillong: The MLA of Mawlai Constituency on Tuesday refused to accompany the Sur Ki Nongmawlai Constituency to meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. ten days; The village leaders, civil society groups and other leaders have decided not to talk to the government unless it can temporarily suspend the police involved in the killing of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. 13th of this month.
Pratik Chettri of Gorkha High School scored 3/1
“If the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen, steps down as he takes responsibility for what happened in Mukroh, he will not win the election but he will win if he has worked well as an MLA of the area. came forward while contesting the election," he said.
Among these, the NEC has taken the lead in providing guidance and cooperation.
Shillong, November 14: The Thynroit Presbyterian Upper Primary School last month honored its founders as part of the 50th Anniversary Celebration of the school.
The KSU appeals to the Dorbar Shnongs across the Bri u Hynniewtrep, to be vigilant in the society and to be vigilant against the illegal entry of foreigners. They should understand that this Bill which the government is proposing now is part of the efforts to undermine the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs.
She said that in West Bengal, where she leads as the Chief Minister, mothers are respected, many assistance programs and schemes in the state are for From schools, girls can attend school free of charge until they reach colleges. In terms of health, the benefits of mothers have been given to mothers who are girls. head of the household.
“We cannot think of personal gain but we stand for the nation.
Deputy Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar was the chief guest, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla was the chief guest, Deputy Commissioner BS Sohliya, IAS and Superintendent of Police Bah C Syrti, MPS. Speaking at the meeting, the Dy CM expressed his appreciation for the dedication and contribution of the teachers to shape the future of the students in all fields.
Birla said this while addressing the members of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in Shillong today.
The company's management has made it clear that the railway line will carry people as well as food, equipment and other necessities to the moon.
This has become a great achievement for the nation.
After the blood donation, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang said that as the organization has found that many people face difficulties in getting blood when there are sick people and thus The organization has decided to hold this Blood Donation Camp, which is also a help and donation for those in need.
The French do not hesitate to accuse parents and even a newborn child of murder.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has continued to extend its helping hand to the residents of East Jaintia Hills by donating foodgrains.
I urge the villages and the people to be patient and work together,” said Ma Nujorki.
Employees of a cement factory in Narpuh District have taken to the streets to protest against the management of JUD Cements Ltd.
The inspection of the voting machines and EVMs will start from tomorrow,” he said.
He recalled the top leaders of the AITC who supported the illegal entry of foreign authorities from Bangladesh.
While traveling up and down from Jaintia, West, Bhoi and Shillong, and taking the overall voice of the people, the reporter found that the voice itself is that the violence is very strong this election in Jaintia Hills. Shillong seat between Congress candidate Vincent Pala and independent candidate Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit. In Tura, the contest between the two candidates was very fierce, as the contest was one-on-one, in this constituency the voice of the people was louder. to Purno Sangma.
The budget was presented by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne in the Legislative Assembly. .46,27,16,190 crore, T.9,29,73,230 for the General Administration Department, T.15,37,630 for the Law Department, T.2,11,70,910 for the Revenue Budget & Finance Department, T.2,38,94.710 to the Forest Administration Department, T.1,45,17,810 to the Administration of Justice & Judicial Department, T.1,86,66,370 to the Legislative Department, T.3,40,370 to the Education Department , T.27,53,18,430 to the Civil Works and Development Department and T.1,42,96,730 to the Enforcement Scheme Department for the Protection of Tribal Land.
Police have also received a letter from the leader containing the names of the members of the party who have been arrested by the MPDA. plan to use them.
As mentioned above, the decline in the value of human dignity, especially in the language, especially among our society, not only makes many people proud or sad but it is also an opportunity for other societies to join hands. These are the words of the prophets, the women of the mothers.
May this annual festival be a joyful, peaceful, Godly festival, in which the 'U Tre-Kirot Kynrad, the Blai ki Syiem' will come down with the blessings of God. Peace, happiness, prosperity and love, at the same time that God will protect the country and protect the environment and to protect the country from the spread of the disease,” said the statement from the KSU East Jaintia Hills District. .
Another problem, he said, is that if this happens, the examination fees of the students should be increased at a high price, otherwise it will be difficult for the schools to drive vehicles to take these questions.
What is death? (a) Death is the departure to the grave (Psalm 115:17) (b) Death is the departure to the place of no return (Job 16:22)( c) Death is the leaving the earthly home (2 Cor 5:1) (d) Death is the taking away of the soul (Lk 12:20) (e) Death is sleep (John 11:11) There is no end to death.
The MLA said the Trinamul Congress (TMC) has promised to give 1000 tyngka per month and if it comes to power, it too will exceed what the TMC has given, which could be 10,0 money for the elderly, the retired and the poor, if he wins and is in power.
The Nongthymmai MDC said that Maheshwari, who took the contract in Mawthabah, has not been renewed her trading license and her equipment has been confiscated. how the seized goods came back to Mawthabah.
As shown in this final match, the players from both teams fought hard from the start.
Shillong, July 07: Super Challengers and Elite XI won the Shillong Cricket League 3rd Division 2024 on Saturday.
It is not known why these stones were erected and why they were called Mawsngi.
However, when we look at the work of this department, instead of seeing the smooth running, we are surprised that it is filled with evil deeds.
Leaders from various political parties said that they came to support Bah Reming because they see that only the UDP has the hope of leading the government this time. which is now.
Although it is small but it will be a blessing to the people in need and he will continue to fulfill what remains especially if he reaches his goal as MLA. Mawlai Umjapung is a very big village,” said Bah Teibor, who will contest the 2023 MLA election from the NPP from Mawlai constituency.
He stressed the need for skills along with knowledge.
Wasa United started their campaign with a 3-0 victory over Ladthadlaboh in the Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy organized by the WJDSA. 7 Wasa scored three goals in the second half.
In South West Garo Hills, there are 2 cases, one of whom is a high risk contact and one is a foreigner.
One of the reasons why he has nominated only 2 or 3 candidates is because the NCP is a national party and the NCP itself wants to bring about changes in relation to the problems in the district. Council and the lack of salary of the Council employees for about three years has caused many problems in providing for the household.
The hard work of the police and the quick cooperation of the villagers, has brought the news of the arrest of youths who have not only become addicted to drugs, but have become drug addicts. They are the ones who sell this one of the most dangerous beverages and it is unknown how much it will affect the society as a whole.
He said that during his last visit to New Delhi, the Minister expressed the concern of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and said that he wants to see that all the capitals of the states in the country. They will connect the country with the Railway in order to improve the income of the people in all aspects.
In fact, I think it's been five years," said the brother.
However, the Lay Bye Market in Ialong has been opened and vehicles carrying farmers' products are not allowed to enter Jowai.
It is also difficult to remember the names of these organizations because they appear from time to time.
He said that the union is concerned about the malfunctioning of the tower, because in this age it is difficult for the people to operate when there is no network.
Many parents of children have not yet sent their children to visit schools especially in the younger classes.
Hek said that the party will not contest for the sake of winning the election,” he said.
Neither do you say that it is not appropriate for such a ruler of the Hima.
There have been 51 new cases of Covid-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases to 1,6
After she screamed and called out, neighbors and her husband came and ran away.
Confirming this, the MDC, who is also an Executive Member of the EC, has admitted that she is ready to join the NPP. “Two,” said Kong Macdalyne while talking to Mawphor.
Applicants are directed to check the messages and other instructions by visiting the Meghalaya Police website, said a statement from MK Dkhar.
Meghalaya has a population of 84,638 in 2020-21 and 90,638 in 2021-2
Room rates have increased not only in Ahmedabad, but across the cities that get to host events," he added.
At the same time, the government should look after all the regions and citizens of the state and bring about many benefits without discrimination.
Shillong has been hosting the festival for two years.
Nartiang Constituency is the stronghold of the Congress, where even the incumbent MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar won for the first time from the Congress. .
The French speak French.
He said the NEC has allocated 100% for the training of youth on 5G Training Labs and 5G Health Use Case applications in all the eight states of the North East.
The Village Authority of Pynursla, has announced that those residents of Pynursla Village, if anyone has met with the residents of Neng Gate, to contact the Rangbah Shnong or the All three Rangbah Dong, by 12 noon on the 11th November
In the letter, Bah Sangleiñ said that although he is the oldest officer in the department in the rank of ACFO, his junior salary is higher than him. The District Council is not responsible.
Speaking to reporters on Saturday after the damage to a temple in Nanjangud taluk, Dharmendra said, “We killed Gandhi because Hindus were killed.
The award was presented by Merit Awards Market Research Pvt Ltd to all the selected experts in the field of cooking, food service and respect for consumers.
However, it was said that oil and coal were the source of trade for Columbia to export.
She also expressed the problems and challenges in many areas and said that the members of the MMSA who work in remote rural areas should get recognition from the State Government.
He said that the Karbi people came at about 12 noon on Tuesday and picked up these trees which they had planted for six months.
Through this raid, the KHADC Police found that some foreigners have set up shops, some do not have Trading License, some are still applying and some have expired Trading License. .
I don't know why the pin jaiñsem was sold for 20 tyngka shiliang.
He congratulated Irene Dkhar on her progress and success in life. The award ceremony was enriched by a special song for her, sung by Lincoln Nixon. Dkhar, followed by other gifts, namely, two souvenirs, for the victory of Miss Meghalaya, 2022, and Miss Northeast, , traditional clothes and Rs.6000/-.
After the clash with the security forces, all four militants were shot dead and eight policemen and a Parliament guard were killed in the clash.
Organized by the Ukhrul Forest Division in collaboration with Shirui Village, the 10-month festival was held under the theme 'Each One, Plant One, Stop the Chop'
It doesn't mean that all of you have left your country, don't let us go to school like you, don't stay in the darkness of what they do, don't leave your country.
The meeting was conducted by Bah O.Sangriang Vice President of the SSA in the presence of SSA teachers from various schools in the district.
Also present on the occasion were Minister of Tourism Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLA 2-Jowai Wailadmiki Shylla, CEM of JHADC Thombor Shiwat, Director C&RD Department Shillong Sibhi Chakravarthy Sadhu IAS and others. officers and the general public.
At present, the EE office is located in Jowai, known as the PWD South Division, and this Division looks after the areas under the Amlarem Civil Sub-Division. The Union is pleased that the government should consider upgrading the EE Office of the department by upgrading the office in Amlarem. from the PWD SDO office to the PWD E.E Office.
During these programmes, besides the display of weapons and other equipment used by the BSF, a short film about the BSF was also shown. Students should have the spirit to join the army after completing their studies in order to serve and defend the country.
The General Secretary of the LWO said that after a continuous monitoring of the work from one branch to another, Bah Peter S Dkhar, former DC of Jaintia Hills on 16 th October The OC of Nartiang Outpost has sent a report to the higher authorities on 29 th May 2017 to get the crime rate. “To bring the work of the Police closer to the people” in which he said that there is a need to set up 18 new Police Stations and Outposts.
At the time of writing, the work is ongoing.
KSU West Khasi Hills General Secretary Wellesley Lyngkhoi said that there is something behind the government's plan to set up an ANVC-B camp in West Khasi Hills.
The Government has received permission from the Road Transport and Highway Authority to repair the internal roads in Jowai.
The union expects the government through the block office to provide assistance to such families.
The Meghalaya High Court recently expressed its concern and unacceptability over the deterioration of roads in the state and said, “The Government should not blame the rain for the deterioration of roads” .
“In this meeting, the Minister promised that the state government will hold a festival in Jowai but now it is up to the MLAs of Jaintia Hills to arrange for this to open up opportunities for the talented youth,” he said. state.
At the meeting, the Minister praised the KSA for its role in working for the welfare and development of the Karbi community.
He said that this plant is very helpful for the health of people especially in this age.
However, I see that there are some of our youngsters who cannot take part in this festival like these young local wine producers because they are not allowed to put wines inside this festival because it is a Cherry Blossom festival. drink is not drunk.
Furthermore, the Seng has warned the district authorities not to demolish these houses which the Seng has built for the Khasi, and if they do so, the Seng will demolish all the houses. houses that are located in this area.
The patients, those with disabilities and those with mental disabilities, came from different villages such as Sohkymphor, Iongkaluh, Tuber, Rymbai, Sakhain, Jaliah, Nongthyme, Wapung and Musniang.
In today's poor world, it is very difficult to earn enough to produce food.
After suspecting that the vehicle may belong to Bah Pynkhreh Surong, the relatives lodged a complaint against the three at Nartiang Police Station on the 21st of this month.
Samla Biangbor L Paliar Vice President of KSU Umiam Unit, Samla Iashanborlang Mukhim Assistant Organizing Secretary of KSU Umiam Unit, Leaders of KSU NKHD and others were present at the ceremony.
In the second half, Meghalaya didn't give up and stood firmly in the end and Blanangshngaiñ Khongsdam scored the second and third goals for Meghalaya.
Despite the poor condition of the road, they were quick to visit and hold a meeting to discuss the problems of Miangbyrkong L.P.School.
Besides, he said that it is only during the elections that the small parties mislead.
Shillong: Following the indefinite strike by the ASHA workers, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday, She said that she is ready to meet with the ASHAs, and added that she will do whatever is appropriate and if they ask for something that the Government cannot do.
The Government is also concerned about the problems faced by the teachers and for that reason it has been discussing and reminding the Central Government from time to time.
“The demand of Khasi-Jaintia State, they have their own understanding and thinking but the most important thing is to catch the birds that are nearby and not to drive away the birds that fly far away which means that the State Reservation Policy is needed. to the Khasi-Jaintia State,” said Bah Nongrum.
Another said that the Waheh Shnong has already explained that due to the poverty of the village, the ration fee has been increased to T.4 tyngka because there are no people who want to sell T.3 tyngka. , but when the government authorities came, they announced that if anyone wants to sell T.3 tyngka, the dealer will be punished for selling it at T.4 tyngka.
Through the illness of Maharaj and his wife, up to 40 of his employees have been forced to stay away from each other.
This was announced by the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC).
Nongpoh: Since the Assam Police have demolished the building of the SSA LP School in Khliehumwang, it has caused a lot of trouble to the Managing Committee, teachers and parents of the students. who send students to the school, because they have to build and maintain the school, at the beginning of the school.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh, today announced the measures taken by the Fanwar Faith INC and other groups involved in the promotion of health and well-being. to the most remote and remote regions.
Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency in the presence of government officials including BDO Mawkyrwat Block, I. Lawriniang, SI Laso, SDO PWD Roads Mawkyrwat and others on Tuesday inspected a Synrang Mawrin is located in the village of Mawten, South West Khasi Hills.
PSG's Neymar tried hard to turn the ball back to Bayern, but failed and it was the night of Neymar's defeat. .
In the 2nd Division, Pyrkhatsuklang Jyndiang of Nonglwai was named the top scorer, Bankit Sangriang of Langpih was named the top scorer. Shem Myrthong of Langpih won the Best Goalkeeper title.
Dr. Lapang said that the thinking of the Church these days is no longer the same as in the past.
Shillong: The Ministry of Home Affairs of India, on Tuesday said that Meghalaya will not fall under the jurisdiction of the CAA 2019 and has clarified that the CAA will not affect the minorities. He said that the CAA will come into force under Article 7 of the Constitution of India and said that the provisions to strengthen the District Councils, which fall under the in the seventh chapter, they are still going.
He said that only 32% of the people have Adhaar and many of the people who have Ration Card do not have Adhaar. If you don't have Adhar, you won't get ration.
The nation is happy when there are no more evil deeds that destroy the integrity of the nation.
The question is what caused the people to tied and shoot these two men.
In the midst of the clashes, the Tripura police have urged the TSF members and the ethnic groups to flee the area, but the ethnic groups have refused to leave the area while the non-ethnic groups have refused to leave the area. they haven't left.
They were among the people who were injured in the tear gas firing by the police and in the protest to enter the Public Hearing.
Shillong, Nailar 24 : The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) Western Zone has demanded that the PWD department should immediately repair the road from 20 Mer to New Tasku.
According to Process, the party will consider the district council elections before the Lok Sabha elections.
This is not a complaint, a complaint but an excessive exploitation to please both the cow owners and the fete makers and to upset thousands of poor spectators.
However, the government should not impose new sanctions if necessary.
“So we have to think about this in advance so that the power outage is coordinated and not one at a time for many hours," he said.
We are living in a day when the worship of God is stingy, which means that it is not fulfilled.
We are very worried now that we don't have online exams for our students.
In addition, 90 soldiers were killed in 2018, 80 in 2019, 63 in 2020, 42 in 2021, 32 in 2022 and 11 in to 2023.
Besides these, there were also the Nongrum clan from Mawlai, Laitlyngkot, Langkyrdem and Tangmang.
A heritage free from the minds of those who are ruled by the authorities, who want to innovate and who are ready to bring glory to the country in the fields of science and sports, who want to train themselves according to the needs of this country. today, who have a responsibility for the country.
He said that a good effort even if it is small will lead to victory.
Later, Sashi also informed about Gracy who is from Manipur and lives in Guwahati.
“There is a misunderstanding on the part of the people about the plastic rice and if you don't release the plastic rice immediately, it starts to burn suddenly,” Yadav said. This is why people call it plastic.
The term of office of Rangbah Shnong should be changed from a lifetime certificate to 5 years.
The first has a small source of riewhadem and small seeds and is the most commonly used in the United States to make riewhadem.
Kharkongor said that nine days have been given for this and it will end on Tuesday and after receiving the report, the necessary action will be taken.
The weight categories include 46-48, 48-51kg, 54-51kg, 57-60kg and 60-63kg.
So did his brother.
In fact, this year is a great opportunity for the people of the villages in the Langpih sector, to celebrate the 14th and to immediately invite the Chief Minister, that he should come to understand that some four families who have lost their fathers are facing difficulties in supporting their families and children when the employer is gone.
In the case of garbage or waste, it is not allowed to throw it away when it is found, but in suitable places separate from public places.
Rahul Gandhi.
“If Bah HDR goes to contest from the Congress or the UDP, it is the same.
Governor V Shanmughanathan, Speaker Abu Taher Mondal, Defense Minister Roshan Warjiri, Chief Secretary PBO Warjri and DGP Rajiv Mehta also rushed to the hospital.
Regarding the MCCL, Alan said that both the leaders have not taken action to follow up with the government to reopen this company which is the source of income for the people of Sohra.
The attempt to leave the party in myself is not good unless there are sufficient and solid grounds for them to leave the party.
Tyngka un lum shi khra:When he grows wealth he forgets the good of others, he wants to desire little things;
Although in the past we have been attacked by other nations, but know that we have won and we have become free as God has made our nation a free nation, not a a nation that is a slave.
Pangniang said the two parties have no pre-election cooperation or seat allocation but only an understanding in the 2023 elections and also in the MDC elections. in the year
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 569 new cases have been confirmed and 5084 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
This is not because of the donations received by TULBA but because of the annual donations from its members.
He said that the government has already appointed the staff at this hospital but where are they and now they are eating their salary without working.
You saw also that the stone that struck the image of God from its leaves with silver and gold was cut down.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the Integrated Program and handed over checks under the CM Elevate scheme as a sign of commitment to improve the party. The meeting was held at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong, Jowai.
When asked by Bah Nongrum about the assistance for the farmers, Bah Sanbor said that there are many schemes in progress to assist the farmers and there are more. many other schemes, which are pending with the Government of India, for the purpose of providing assistance to the farmers in the state.
We have a Mother who is not a sweet child and like a Mother who gathers and teaches her children.
The union also said that the MTET examination is not the first time that the MTET examination has been held in a state of emergency. On the other hand, the Minister also promised in front of the party that the government will look into it and take the right decision so that it will be a successful examination. it shall be cleansed of all things, and shall go smoothly.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) and the Federation of Khasi Jaintia Garo People (FKJGP) have expressed their condolences to the residents of Mukroh who lost their lives at the hands of the Assam Police. They held a flag raising ceremony from Motphran and distributed the flags to the residents.
There are 306 polling stations in West Jaintia Hills District in five constituencies.
It is to be recalled that in the past few days, three Khasi youths have been arrested by the Assam Police on charges of attempting to destroy the Umler Bridge. They said that this action of the Assam Police is unfounded as the villagers know better these youths who have no signs of committing crimes in the village.
He completed his BA in Hindi Praveen from the Mizoram Board of Hindi Propagation.
Speaking to reporters, Hubert said the HSPDP is ready to speak before the people on the issues that Shylla wants to discuss. HSPDP President Ardent M Basaiawmoit who is also the MLA of Nongkrem was also present.
Let us be those who ask carefully about them because we don't know the true reason and origin of them.
Tura, Jymmang 4 : The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Phulbari and Chibinang have held a march on the 3rd of this month to protest against the police for not arresting the family members. Phulbari MLA SG Esmatur Mominin has lodged a complaint against the shooting of three youths who are also members of the Bhalang.
“Their aim is to disrupt the society in which the citizens of the State and the country as a whole live in peace and harmony.
Therefore, he said that not only will we end up laying the foundation stone at this site but also the implementation and creation of jobs so that 444 families will benefit.
“The Meghalaya Games is not a waste of public money but a investment for the future of the youth in sports because the hope is that young people will come from this state. to represent India at the Olympics.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said, “The state government has already prepared action plans to support the farmers and flower growers.
There are 12 soldiers and 1 high risk, 5 ILIs, 2 health workers and 5 foreigners.
Shillong: The Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU) has vowed to take an indefinite strike after the government failed to accept the demand of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU). they although they have tynruh many times.
However, the authorities have warned the residents and visitors to temporarily refrain from visiting the area.
This is not our count, it is the government's.
Members of the KSU MGU Unit, yesterday, staged a protest in front of the university and demanded that the university should reduce the price.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah L.Blah, congratulated the Lyngïong Presbyterian Church for its vision to establish this school in this area and in the last 25 years it has been a blessing. The people of Hima Lyngïong and surrounding villages.
When we tried to walk to the outskirts of the market, we found that many of the residents of the market are sad and angry because of this night curfew. It is better in the evening but when a night curfew is called, they have to leave earlier.
According to a statement issued by the SP of East Khasi Hills, on the night of the 20th of this month, the driver of a Tata Sumo after finding a pla He immediately informed the police.
There are those who are qualified in almost all aspects but most of them are not qualified to become MDCs, but they are wealthy and have the glory of the world.
According to local police, Ali was shot near Bhairabganj (Bilasipara) village and died shortly after receiving proper assistance.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad K Sangma and Banteidor said that since the MDA government has come to power in the state, when they turn to sports, they feel the need to turn to sports. In the past, even if there was such a ceremony to honor, the prize money was given to the player who won the title. the victory or the medals, it is truly a pleasure to know.
Niaw Wasa scored the first goal in the 36th minute through Niponghi Sumer.
Can we now endure God's trials like Job did?
Thousands of tourists and climbers have visited Nepal this season, including 44 to Kanchenjunga and hundreds of climbers have already climbed the mountain. season.
When the MLA visited the PHC, he said that he found that there is a big difference compared to other PHCs in other districts of the state. The PHC has provided adequate and advanced services compared to other PHCs in the state.
Other members of the Executive Committee include Aitison Khongstid, Angel Star Khonghat, Assistant Secretary, Ricky Majaw, Information Secretary, Banroi Wahlang, Assistant Information Secretary, Lambha Kurbah, Chief Organizing, George Tangsang, Brison Pohshna, organizing secretary, Gabriel Sun, education secretary, Kitbor Suting, Assistant secretary Education, Banshan Nongbet, Sport Secretary, Devos Chynre and Rodrik Syiem, as Assistant Sport Secretary, Law Syngkli, Agriculture Secretary, u Stephan Kharbani, A.Thangkhiew and Nangkiew Sohktung as Assistant Agriculture Secretary, Wedorwel Wajri, Rural and Development Secretary, Ring Sohpdang and Lising Wardkhar, Vishos Lawryniang, Deciplinary Office, Donbo Medring Mynsong, Cultural Secretary and Phrang Sngi Lyngdoh.
Goldenstar has lodged a complaint with the Syiem of Mylliem and KHADC and on 15th July 2019 at 7:30 pm the Rangbah Shnong and his friends have shot dead Bah. Goldenstar in Baridua.
At this moment, I turned to the modern media platform youtube, I searched and tried to listen to all the songs that have been uploaded, and suddenly I found that I could listen to the song that was given. This song was uploaded on youtube on the 29th of March 2020. This song is called “Ka Raibi U Thlen Khasi”.
KSU Wapung Unit General Secretary Shwari Ryngkhlem said that on Tuesday they visited Pamrapaithlu PHC to see if they have the necessary facilities to fight against COVID-1
When asked about the Government's setting up of a committee to discuss the Reservation Roster System, Lambokstarwell said, “That committee is only for the Roster System but what we want from the Government is You cannot discuss the Reservation Policy.
That is their fault, even if it is wrong, we accept the mistake, but we have distributed what should be fought, and what should be fought tomorrow, because some have seen something, we have “It's a good idea to have a new one,” said PR Marwein.
Vegetables and oil or hard-boiled fruits: A little oil in the fruits and vegetables is the best way on absorbing vitamins from the vegetables you eat.
High or low cholesterol levels affect the health of the blood pressure and the blood flow in the blood vessels.
“You have left the commandment of God and hold fast the tradition of men” (Mk 7:8). :7).
From the documents it appears that the Government has read carefully the decisions of the High Court and Supreme Court on the Reservation.
He said that there are about 100 villages and the population has reached at least 1 lakh people in Laskeiñ Block. Block I, the area that is still in the middle of the border dispute.
For this reason, electricity projects are slow and sometimes do not work and this is due to the lack of skills to do the work.
Nongpoh, 09: Several police candidates who have completed their examinations and requirements, have expressed their regret and remained in the dark after their names did not appear in the results of the police recruitment announced. There is no police department in the state.
He said that “Building skilled youth is the guarantee of building a strong country," and that parents and teachers play a big role in this process.
Police have recovered a large quantity of ammunition from all these five persons, which they were carrying through Haflong to Goalpara but they were arrested again at Patharkushi NH
Those who attended the selection ceremony included RBDCA President Rayonald Kharkamni, RBDCA Secretary Michael Kharhunai, BCCI A Level Coach, Nitesh Sharma, BCCI A Level Coach, Sumit Gurung, BCCI Level Coach and Biswajit Das.
Narwan is a village in East Jaintia Hills which produces Soh Niamtra.
On the other hand, Pynthorumkhrah MLA Bah AL Hek said that the Congress party does not respect but the BJP respects the support of the people in all aspects.
After this, the prizes were awarded to the winners of various categories.
If it goes to the government budget, it will be a great help because this money can be used for the construction of roads, health centers and even houses. school.
Therefore, the National Sports Policy & Lodha Committee Guidelines will be finally decided in accordance with the National Sports Policy and Lodha Committee Guidelines. performance and the sum of all games in the three game categories.
MLA Arbinstone Marak, GHADC CEM Albinush Marak and others attended the inauguration ceremony.
This is part of the Synshar Khadar and does not affect the customs and traditions.
At first glance, the Lok Ayukta should have been free to do its job.
It is easy to argue, but it is a shame if it cannot be proved.
The Raid Sadew-Saw Kur has also sent a letter to the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, informing him that Lionel Nongkhlaw of the Raid Mylliem Hima has opposed the activities of the Raid Sadew. to the Minister of Pathaw and to the Acting Syiem.
Shillong: Members of the MPYC have burnt down the tyngshop of MPPC President Vincent H Pala and Working President Deborah Marak along with two Congress candidates on the night of On Thursday outside the Congress Bhavan in Tura.
Among the speakers were Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA, Manish Kumar ADC, CM Adhikari, Senior Advocate of Nongpoh District Court, Madhav Singh, President of the Nepali SS Managing Committee and Principal Rina Mary Hynniewta took part in the celebration.
I didn't expect to come top but this happened because of them," she said.
Therefore, those who believe do not accept that gift before going to church.
For this constituency, I request you to complete as soon as possible the collection of 4000 poor families to receive financial assistance of 5000 tyngka,” said Prestone.
The tournament was attended by school children and players from Ri Bhoi District.
The residents stressed that the government needs to find ways and means to curb the traffic jam in Shillong but urged that any decision taken should not affect the residents especially those who earn. kyndoi entered.
Lastborn Suting scored in the 34th minute, Jomsing Pariat in the 40th minute and Teddy Bang in the 70th and 77th minutes.
“As it is now, we are demanding our own land while Assam has seized all the land of Meghalaya which has proper documents. “The District Council and the refusal to include the District Council, the Chiefs and the Village Authorities in the demarcation of the boundary is only to please the Chief Minister of Assam as he has already stated,” he added.
And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also.
The group has made it clear that they have no objection to the bill but they are against it because of the harassment, violence and attacks by the Government authorities in many ways. which are different.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Mizoram, Tawnluia, in the past few days, said that the state government has been able to implement the Jal Jeevan Mizzion (JJM) scheme of the Central Government. provide drinking water supply to 86% of the households in the rural areas of the state.
Besides, the MACC said that it has been found that even the purchase of essential medicines is no longer available.
During the raid, they registered 16 cases and seized 52,500 liters of pyrsi and 14,010 liters of phareng.
The students of St. Mary Mazzarello Girls Hr. Secondary School, Jowai on Monday joined the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts Movement.
“The PAC together with the officers of the Fisheries Department will visit the fish ponds on 26th July 2020 and then we will meet again to take a decision,” said Charles Pyngrope.
After the meeting, the children of the Seiñ Raij took part in a dance which included 14 groups of women, youths and girls from different villages as well as from the Seiñraij.
These are the same leaders who have caused Meghalaya to decline sharply in terms of health, education, economic development and others.
She visited and assisted the village for the expenses of quarantining the youth of the village who have returned from abroad during the fight against the disease,” he said.
However, although it is necessary to bring about development projects, it should not be a development project accepted by the people.
Riboklang Hynniewta led Efty to the title by scoring 83 runs off 52 balls to win the title Man of the Match.
Shillong, Nailur 4: Two policemen have been arrested on Saturday for allegedly stealing. The two policemen were identified as Karan Gurung of the Armed Forces. Branch Constable and another is Unarmed Branch Constable Chimky Khonglah.
If there is money, even those who don't have any knowledge of the shynshar khadar don't hesitate to come out and help.
The CAG report found that out of the 28 MDCs, only 4 have sent to the UC for Youth Affairs while 3 Two were sent for Arts and Culture.
Chandigarh: Elections are approaching in Punjab and Uttar Pradesh and these days, farmers have shown their strength by deciding to ban all political parties. world, to enter the villages of the farmers.
Nongpoh: Jorbil Football Club on Tuesday won the 1st RBYF Killing Unit Football Tournament by beating Jorbil 4-3 against HYC Football Club in a tie breaker match.
“In fact, I don't think so.
It may be recalled that VPP MLA from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has accused the Central Recruitment Board of illegal and inconsistent with the Office Memorandum of the year. 2022.
“I spoke to him as soon as I received the letter to support the PDF to ask why, and he replied that he cannot stand being in the opposition and he has to go to the ruling party,” he said. Mr. Mansturdy said.
“Secondly, besides the employees of SMB and other government departments, other 148 households who have not worked in state government departments have no right to demand quarters or accommodation from the state government departments,” he said. government.
Sanbor said that during the meeting they urged the Governor to talk to Delhi to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
It is to be recalled that due to the rapid spread of Covid-19 in the state, the State Government has issued a directive that commercial vehicles will have to carry only 50% passengers and the fare will be 50%. 50% of the vehicles are odd and even numbers per day.
For the people of Sohra, it is necessary to find some kind of job, otherwise people will have to flee the village, because, as we know, Sohra is not a place for farming.
We have lost faith in this financial institution.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, Chairman of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC), today inaugurated a tourist attraction known as Pnahkyndeng which is located in the Law Kyntang village. Understand, Raid Priest, Ri-Bhoi District.
“However, in these areas, there will be the implementation of proper SOPs which will include allowing only children who have reached the age of 18 years and those who have already vaccinated themselves,” he said.
Jowai: The Sub-Divisional Officer of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, Abhilash Baranwal together with the Sub-Divisional Officer of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, Abhilash Baranwal, together with the Sub-Divisional Officer of Amlarem, on the issue of water shortage in Amlarem area, Deibormi Toi visited the PHE water supply system at Amlarem.
The Superintendent of Police, Ma Chemphang Syrti in his speech urged all the VDPs to fight against crime and illegal activities and if they need assistance from the police they should immediately inform the Police Station and not to shim the law in your hand.
So they began to know each other.
Slog Warriors lost all their wickets for 145 runs.
It is these who should be looked after carefully.
According to the Minister, the government has developed a policy to ensure that the use of natural resources will benefit the people, the state in income and to increase employment.
On the 9th of November, Ladthadlaboh will play against Khimusniang at 2.00 pm.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District has condemned the robbery and robbery of the police in Ribhoi District. The reason for the search and arrest of KSU members by the Ribhoi Police.
Aspire Meghalaya is a program of the Directorate of Sports & Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, sponsored by the State Education Mission Authority of Meghalaya (SEMAM-SSA) under the State's Education Department.
Many of the people around the world do not understand or take much action to prevent these terrible diseases, but only those who have been infected in their own lives can understand better what AIDS and cancer are. ? These diseases do not recognize women or men and AIDS can even enter the life of an infant.
According to a petition sent by the Seng Samla Hima Langrin (SSHL) to the CEM of KHADC, the youth who are also the children of thousands in the Hima Langrin Syiemship, expressed their feelings. -sadness, regret and disappointment when they found that the Hima Langrin has been divided into two parts and this has affected the dignity of the Hima especially the Hima. Your strength has been diluted or destroyed.
These vacancies are Sanction Posts and if we calculate the annual salary expenditure per employee, it will be about T.4.40 lakh. The HYC has allocated T.1,481,480,000 crore this year,” said the HYC in a statement sent by its General Secretary, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
Congress Leader Zenith M Sangma has alleged that the attack on Kong Agnes and Amita while they were visiting illegal coal mining sites in East Jaintia Hills recently, shows that there was a There has been a collusion between government officials and coal miners in the state as well as some policemen.
By comparing those principles, policies and activities of political parties, voters can decide which party they should follow or vote for in order to achieve their goals. they expect and they desire.
The union has also met with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, but there is no sign that Jaintia Hills will be able to host a single tournament.
The KSU said that the time has come to discuss the status of the Jaitbynriew in India through the Instrument of Accession Act. The Stand Still Agreement is not signed.
In its reply to the Meghalaya High Court, the central government said that the primary responsibility of the state government and the support of the central government is sufficient to fight against terrorism as it is now.
Regarding this, he was criticized by his wife from time to time until they released him.
Speaking to media, Banteidor said that the approval of the Sports Policy by the Cabinet is a victory for the athletes of the state and the state as a whole after many years of training and preparation. good year to her.
The husband may differ from the wife in many areas.
The meeting was attended by Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police from these two districts and other senior officers.
There are 19994 samples sent for testing, 19679 negative, 260 awaiting results, 13 positive cases and 42 recoveries.
The Lamphang has directed James K Sangma to continue his speech on the electricity shortage in the state.
Speaking at the ceremony, Shemphang Lyngdoh Mawphlang expressed his regret that there are too few Khasi-Jaintia youths who are facing the Civil Service Examination and encouraged them to study and pass these examinations. you rule the country.
She said, "My lord the king, if others don't want me, I will go with you to the grave.
That it is a family meeting often discusses the family and how to live as a Christian family.
There are reports that the Urban Development Department will be handed over to Roshan Warjri and the Home Affairs Department will be handed over to Ampareen Lyngdoh. good at all).
The JSU's understanding came after the KSA leaders while speaking to media on the day the Regional Committees of the Governments of Assam and Meghalaya visited the border areas of the two countries. Twenty states in Khanduli on 16th July 2023, threatened to be like Manipur if they lose the land which they have claimed to fall within their border.
Because if we don't, we'll be weak again," he said.
He said that in the past years, the Garo Hills Autonomous Council was extended for two years during the tenure of Dr Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister. and the 2-year extension is a long overdue extension.
He encouraged the people to take advantage of the MHIS scheme in collaboration with the Ayushman Bharat-Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojna and urged the people to take advantage of the registration at CHCs, PHCs and DMHO offices. registration.
Ri Bhoi District Boklapara Area : The area covered is 1.57 sq km and the two villages of Boklapara and Hawla with an area of ​​0.56 km will be adjacent to Meghalaya and the other two villages will be Jimrigoan and Lyngkhung. It is 1.01 S1 km long and goes to Assam.
The age assessment was conducted by the MFA in Garo Hills on the 14th of this month and also in three zones on Saturday.
Nongstoin: The Congress Party through the Nongstoin Block Congress Committee (NBCC) will hold a public rally today. to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill
The Chief Guest, AP Syiem, District School Education Officer, WJHD, expressed the need for education to eradicate poverty in the country, giving the example of India in the past. ruled by the British because most of the Indians were uneducated.
According to Dispar, he has sought information from the SP's office on the implementation of the CCTV cameras and he wants to know the locations where the CCTV cameras have been installed in Shillong, the committee and the The name of the officer in charge, the number of employees working in the department to supervise the case, why Anjalee Petrol Pump was not selected to install CCTV cameras. Camera, since the first purpose of installing this camera is to reduce traffic jam while this is a place where traffic jam occurs, why are there no more CCTV cameras in Market Wide.
The KSU invites all the people from all over the Bri u Hynniewtrep to come and take part in this meeting to convey to the government with one voice that the people of Meghalaya stand against this Bill. aimed at alienating the natives.
The players of both the teams played well especially from the encouragement of the crowd who cheered for their respective teams.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, Rijiju said the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has decided to abolish the old T.500 and T.1000 notes. to prevent the use of counterfeit money in the country and also to prevent people from stealing money to the point of impoverishing the country.
The WJNC apologizes to the residents of Iooksi Circle, as the organization does not have the power to help all the families of the village, but the WJNC through its small power in collaboration with WJNC – Iooksi Circle, has tried to help. shaki some houses.
The program was organized in collaboration with the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM), MSRLS, Block Mission Management Unit (BMMU), Ranikor C&RD Block and MBMA. , South West Khasi Hills District with the participation of SHGs and Village Organizations (VOs) from different villages. MCS was kind of important.
President VDP Ladrymbai Dongwah Anthony Biam, said that the VDP appeals to the market vendors to follow the rules and regulations of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to wear masks in public places and to stay away from each other. don't wash your hands often.
Furthermore, the right of ownership, administration and management of 12 Ana per hundred tyngka at the rate of T.14,000/-, on 18.09.1975, they handed over the right of 3 Ana. , in the same category at the price of T.3900.81 peisa.
She said that in fact it was the turn of Bah LG Nongsiej to contest but she said that perhaps because of the law, if Bah LG contests, it will make the people more angry. nongstoiñ to vote in the mid-term elections.
Eubial Susngi.
This case is more surprising because the High Court has held a hearing which has been going on for three days.
Pandita Ramabai Saraswati — born in June
The violence and killing by the rally marchers is unacceptable and has put the marchers especially the women and children in great danger and panic.
Also present on the occasion were Syrian officials including Faisal Mekdad and other Syrian officials.
After giving birth, the mother and baby were taken to Ganesh Das Hospital.
He said that as students in this era, they are facing many challenges due to the changes in the policy of the central government.
On the occasion, the invited guests and leaders of various groups and religious groups signed a Community Accord to fight against drug abuse and the Minister also handed over a donation of T.6 lakh to the Mawlai Dorbar for the initiative and hard work to set up treatment centers for drug addicts.
When planted in rows, it may be planted at a distance of about two feet and a half from one row to another, and two symbols may be placed at a distance of about two feet, or two and a half feet from each row. in another corner of the line.
Khliehriat, Nailur 18 : The Dorbar Shnong Mynkre East Jaintia Hills District has announced and informed the public that it will immediately implement the rules and regulations. as authorized by the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council and will be implemented in accordance with the village laws.
Shillong: After the end of six months, the Japan International Corporation Agency (JICA) will return to Shillong to talk to the government before implementing the projects it has prepared for the project. Shillong: Traffic jam in Shillong.
The CM has already sent a complaint against Lalu Prasad, Rabri Devi and 14 others on charges of involvement in the conspiracy. and have been prosecuted under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Many times I have expressed in my speeches or writings about that Chomangkan of the Karbi.
Two of them, Monsin and Sor, asked to change their names, because, they said, “We have received these names in communion with the demons, and we want to wear Christian names.
The residents of Mawshynrut Block are people who are passionate about education and who are eager to reach higher levels.
After that, we went to Mawlong and ended at Motphran.
Shillong: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) under the leadership of its President Bah Thomas Passah today started searching for license plates from taxis driven by foreigners in Shillong. These drivers must have a bill license or Labor Licence.
“We will ensure that the Public-Private Partnership (PPP) formula to be implemented in Shillong will be successful and beneficial to the state,” she said.
Following this demand of the VPP, Dr. Ampareen M. Lyngdoh, Minister of State and HM Shangpliang, Spokesperson of the NPP and Adviser to the Education Department of the State Government, came out to rapjot. the action of the government as they used to do and that is to deceive with unfounded words.
He said that as the youth who are in the midst of the journey to pursue education to be the future of the country and the nation, they should not forget the foundation and goal they want.
According to a survey conducted in 20 villages, up to 50 percent of the elderly reported that they have been abused or neglected in their old age.
We are vulnerable, therefore we must take all precautions against the virus.
Section 3(a) states that the Central Government has the power to investigate, expand or use in connection with this.
The festival is held for two days and before the end of the Chad Sukra, everyone is prohibited from digging in the fields to sow seeds, plant and bury.
He also urged the Mawïongrim Unit to monitor the movement of mynder who walk every moment on the road who cannot be identified as committing 40 kinds of crimes to defame the road. the society in this State.
In Mairang Constituency, Dr Jemino received 11928 votes while Ma Vincent received 12638 votes.
Ardent replied that the Dorbar Bah which was held on the 30th of July is a true Dorbar and the people have a real desire to release the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs. He said that the Dorbar Bah on the 5th is only a threat to the PDF which may have another purpose in the coming days.
Manipur Education Minister Basantakumar immediately visited the hospital on learning of the incident.
Therefore, in this age, young people use the term “protected sex” which means that they should take precautions even if they are married.
Frolicson Dkhar was named the best player of Meghalaya today and is the goalkeeper of Meghalaya.
Because when the Executive has become an agent of the Court,” said the CEM of KHADC. It is not personal to appoint him because he brings together the chiefs of Khasi and Jaintia.
Zonal Organizers – Ma Hoping Laski (Rymbai Zone), Ma Never Lamurong (Sutnga Zone), Ma Cheerful Ryngkhlem (Wapung Zone), Ma Honey Nongtdu (Khliehriat, Dkhiah & Byndihati Zone) and Ma Shain Dkhar (San Shnong Zone), besides these, 22 leaders were also elected as members of the Executive Committee.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (CHC) Mawshynrut on Tuesday visited the Community Health Center (CHC) Mawshynrut.
In fact, the VPP should have been praised for its peaceful protest even among the billions of people who came from all over the country.
It is for this reason that the state government has introduced various policies and programs, according to the needs of the youth and provided the assistance they need whether it is in the field of sports, music and dance. and in other areas as well, said Conrad.
“We have also demanded that all banks should not have Khasi employees so that there will be no misunderstanding in the language,” said Amos Kharjahrin Public Secretary KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
Farmers in Khasi-Jaintia are well aware of the need for cow dung as cows are the most abundant livestock in the country.
“While the Meghalaya government is talking to Assam, Assam is still brave enough to cross the border and insult us,” said Bah Ardent.
They were abducted on Friday night and the militants demanded T.50 lakh for their release.
The two victims have lodged two more FIRs against Balen Thubru in connection with the incident.
The student of the school, has gone missing after leaving the school after writing her exams and this happened on the 16th of this month (Mynshisngi) after she did not return home. family members searched for her and her body was found the next day.
However, with the increase in education, the injustice and abuse of the environment is increasing in India and our state.
United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres warned on Tuesday that the world is in a state of great danger or on the verge of death because of the changes in the world. He accused the 20 richest countries in the world of not doing anything to reduce global warming.
Shillong: The residents of seven villages in East Jaintia Hills have threatened to petition the Supreme Court if the government has authorized Star Cement Pvt Ltd to mine coal from Brishyrnot in Narpuh District in East Jaintia Hills.
They said that if the government does not listen to their demand, they will seek information through RTI to know the truth about the construction of the road as this road is the budlum of development in the border area. India.
The way this boy sang had greatly touched the viewers.
Shillong: The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Amlarem, on Tuesday congratulated the SDO Civil Amlarem, on her resignation or transfer to other places, for her good service to the Amlarem Sub Division.
Furthermore, there are various legends that tell us that human beings and animals spoke the same language and this was the golden age of peace, happiness and prosperity.
Your rep is also a business.
You have seen how many kinds of allegations have appeared on social media.
Marak was recently granted bail after being arrested on charges of robbing his house in Rimpu Bagan.
She said that many of the students were discouraged after arriving at the airport because the flight was slow.
On the other hand, CM Conrad Sangma in his opening remarks said that this is the milestone in the government's efforts to encourage the residents to take part in the development of tourism. to promote economic growth.
“Not only have we been able to bring peace in the past years but we have also brought governance in the state,” he said.
This is the first time for these teams from Garo Hills to reach this level.
The State Government today set up two committees to investigate whether there are any drugs that are no longer suitable for use in government hospitals.
He added that about 12 people who have died at this hospital have been affected by many diseases including those who have been infected with bseiñ.
Dozens of vehicles from Assam and Meghalaya have lined up at the site to pick up and drop off passengers just to get them safely to their destination. they don't have to take the fare.
The TMC candidate also pointed out how Conrad Sangma as Prime Minister, has failed in his work to improve the livelihood of the people.
The court has heard both the cases filed by Ma Kitbok Rymbai against JHADC and others under WP(C) No.488 of 2019 and WP(C) No.468 of canceled the plan to hold the election on 21st March 2019 even after the Dolloi has completed the requirements for the holding of the election, namely from the registration, registration and examination of documents.
Up to 7 byrni of kwai worth T.2 lakh and other food items have been stolen by unidentified robbers.
One day after work he went to Lanosha's house.
Leonardo Di Caprio's new film directed by Martin Scorsese has been scheduled to be released at the Cannes Film Festival starting on 20th January.
Speaking to reporters, Bari Pyngrope said that they had met the secretary and asked for the Corrigendum and the Notification, but they had not received it.
Due to the absence of elections, the state has been charged 10 per cent of the revenue from the central government of T.17.42 crore out of T.193.50 crore. only T.174.15 crore.
Shadap said that the chief guest on the occasion will be Rakkam A Sangma, Minister of Education in the presence of the Spokesperson of the Ministry of Education, HM Shangpliang (IAS). ) and the MDC of the constituency.
The Cabinet of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government on 11th July, 2023, has decided to reduce the foreign travel of government officials such as IAS and others.
It is clear that the VHP, which is working with the RSS/Bajrang Dal/Hindu Mahasabha, wants to go to Manipur.
The asteroid, known as 465824 (2010 FR), has a diameter of 270 meters and will approach Earth on 6 November
The semifinal of the Third Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was played at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Monday.
Matcha contains up to 40 times more antioxidants than green tea, she said.
When asked, Bah Pala said that illegal activities have decreased now as everyone is waiting for the Chief Justice to retire.
Prestone Tynsong said that the 96 km road will be funded by the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).
However, when investigating, it was found that there is no record that the CDPOs have tried to resolve the issue especially to inform those who are entitled to receive proper bank accounts.
Therefore, when we elect a candidate, we must be careful whether he is of bad character.
Let the work work harder than the word,” he said.
Such incidents are now common among men in Assam.
On the other hand, Bah Lapang said that the names of the candidates for the MDC elections have already been submitted with the approval of the MPCC but there are still those who have not yet submitted their names like Mawthadrai Shan. Irene Lyngdoh as the leader of the MBCC, Mairang, Rymbrai but no decision has been taken yet and a decision will be taken later.
This will be in collaboration with Apex Bank, Mawkyrwat Branch.
In addition, they must inspect the vehicles and send for repairs if there is any damage.
Shillong received 3.4mm of rainfall while Sohra and Umiam received no rainfall.
If as the Hynniewtrep people who have been ruled by the Assamese people for more than 20 years, why should we be ruled by the Garo people for more than 50 years?
“The people of Mupyut have given their support and elected me,” he said. “The people of Mupyut have given their support and elected me. as a leader and I will reward them with development projects because it is their right to get development projects,” said Rymbui.
At the same time, the party requests all the people who are near Jowai to attend these meetings.
This means that a woman should not take part in the Dorbar Shnong lest she spoil the image of the Dorbar Shnong.
On Sunday, seven people were killed, including a girl, along with her 12-year-old brother and parents, after a bomb was fired by Russian troops. crashed into a residential area in eastern Ukraine near the city of Kherson.
Furthermore, the Union urges all to not copy the songs of the Union, but to support by purchasing the original copies.
After continuing the third day with 64/5 in the first innings, Punjab were beaten 419/6, Meghalaya were bowled out for 155 runs. 140 in the second innings.
This question has come from the voice of many people, which perhaps the question is well founded, because as it is now, even the bridge in Umiam, has been ordered that Only those vehicles carrying less than 10 tonnes are allowed to travel.
He said that the power outage is one of the problems in getting drinking water to the people.
Shillong: U Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the VPP is not a party from the Khasi Hills. Prah is not a Khasi Prah, but a West Bengal Prah.
On the third day, Bihar started tied again at 73/3, taking a lead of 170 runs, but Meghalaya failed to play well in the ball, where Bihar lost. They took nine wickets for 26 runs and lost all wickets for 99 runs.
In another report, it was reported that the vehicle was taken to Jaiaw and when it reached Jaiaw, the vehicle was burnt down.
Those who call on my name will never be hungry.
He said the suspects were arrested at 3 pm and during the search of the vehicle, the ANTF seized 11 soap boxes containing 154.02 grams of heroin.
All the groups are against the term 'Unrepresented Tribe' and I have seen that recently the Chief Minister and the Cabinet also met with the Prime Minister of India. I have also seen that there has been a demand to increase the seats in the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs).
A team of police conducted a thorough inspection at the scene of the incident and seized illegally planted pataka bombs.
Amlarem Police Station has taken up investigation under Case No.08 (08) 2022 u/s 363 IPC. The child is 2 feet tall and weighs 10 kilos.
“So this is the issue that the government has and we will appoint others who are not involved in politics who can work and who understand the issue of women,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Bah C Doloi President of FKJGP Western Zone said that the FKJGP Western Zone will not stand idly by on the increasing number of shyiap trucks passing through the area. It will gather all the village leaders, members of the Sengbhalang to take action and to lodge a complaint with the relevant authorities for the destruction of roads and endangerment to the people in coming and going as well as the overloading of shyiap.
King Salman has been King of Saudi Arabia since
Other speakers on the occasion were the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Shillong, Dr. Nalin Mehta and Padmashree Patricia Mukhim who were the chief guests.
Other speakers were Dr.SA Lyngdoh DMHO who conducted the meeting, Dr T Syiem who gave the welcome speech, Bah J Shangrit and Bah HS Shangrit, Sordars of Nongkynjang and Nongkhlaw and Dr.R. Marweiñ did not give a welcome speech.
Congratulating the farmers, village leaders and Union leaders, he said that the farmers should also unite in terms of the market price of their produce to avoid being exploited.
In the 1st Division, Marbisu SC beat Smit 2-0 with the goals scored by D.Khyriem 10',
These include:1) Keep a distance of 5 feet from each other and people should keep a distance of 5 feet in public places.2) Ensure that everyone wears a mask3) hands with soap (about 40-60 seconds) even if you look clean.
Before the rainy season in 2013, the contractor from Weiloi to Riatmawniuh, started working quickly to clean up and improve the road as directed by the PWD department. Weiloi started in the month of June 2013, when mawria was laid along the road. When the rainy season came, the work started a little in the Lyngiong area and stopped due to the rainy season.
“The richness of the customs and culture of the indigenous peoples who play an important role in the preservation of the heritage of the country should be respected,” he said.
Lydia went to the house to feed them.
He said that through an announcement within the Fisheries Department, all those who hold fishing competitions in fish ponds or rivers within the boundary of KHADC should be allowed to hold fishing competitions. “The Council through the Fisheries Department has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioners of the five districts regarding this announcement and the fee for applying for permission from the KHADC. On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that the EC has decided to renew the Khasi Traditional Commission. Through the Act, if there are Khasi herbalists who wish to get certificates, they should apply from the KHADC. Informing that the Chairman of the Commission is the CEM, Bah Pynïaid said: “There will be a screening for the issuance of certificates to Khasi herbalists because it has been seen that there are some diseases that have lost hope in hospitals, but through Khasi herbalists we have been able to cure them. such as counting the shyieng and others.
He said that if before Christmas the SSA teachers have not received their four month salary, the teachers will intensify their strike in any way just to get their demand.
Stella in this beauty pageant has impressed the judges and the audience with her beauty, intelligence and beautiful dress and she has also won the title of Miss Personality and Miss Personality. by Miss Catwalk.
People are still wise and famous.
When the forests are under the control of the government (sanctuary/national park/biosphere reserve, etc), the government cannot protect the poachers and they are still killing one by one. the world of nature? Have you ever wondered how many lakhs of animals people kill to eat meat in a day? Are cows, pigs, cows, goats, etc. not animals? to estimate the number of wild elephants across the countryside? When there are too many, when they destroy the crops of the farmers, does the government think about it? If the government really understands to preserve and protect the wildlife that destroy the crops of the farmers in the rural areas, it should provide security personnel to every farmer. rice farmers, shriew farmers or fish farmers etc. to the villagers so that they can be the protectors of the wildlife or wild shrieh to avoid the destruction of the valuable crops of the farmers.
He said that the CRPF post at Mawlai Nongkwar, Mawlai Bridge, FCI and Polo have been relocated.
The Conrad Sangma government has now dissolved and abolished the jurisdiction of the District Councils, Hima, Raid and Village Courts.
It is learned that a group of Congress leaders from Mawlai under the leadership of Bah Samuel Biam may have left to support Bah Teibor because they are against the ticketing system of the Congress party.
Along with the petitions demanding ILP, KHNAM members and volunteers also supported the demand and protest of the teachers under the banner of JACATAM and condemned the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Education RC Laloo. .
I want the phone number of pastor marweiñDo you know how to preach??Do you know how to preach?I'm sorry.
Regarding the number of schools in the villages, Bah Renik requested that private schools or schools established by churches should have a cooperation with government schools through the the number of students so that it will be of benefit in many ways in the implementation of educational activities.
The final will be played on the 19th of this month at 2 pm.
This was announced by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem at a meeting with officials from various banks including private banks operating within the Council's jurisdiction.
There are many types of power plants that can convert garbage into electricity, electricity and others,” he said. “If there is no problem in Shillong, there is no problem in other parts of the country. “Why is there only a problem in Jowai?” he asked.
" Unquote – according to Rule 25 of the AD Rules,
Besides, Dr Mukul Sangma said that the agreement between the two Prime Ministers on the social border settlement was hasty without proper consideration.
Shillong, Naitung 27: A 16-year-old milk seller, Sunil Kumar Rai, resident of Meter Factory, was hit by a car near the office of Lumjingshai MEeCl at 8 pm today. and he died in the morning.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today responded to a question raised by the MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie, that out of the T.399 crore which has already been spent for the fight against the The amount already paid is T.251 crore and the outstanding amount is T.148 crore.
During the inspection, the committee was surprised to see that the project has not started even after the work has been awarded to the Chennai company Chennai Abattoir in collaboration with the state company headed by Bah Rishan Rapsang was born in
Referring to the Independent Inquiry Committee headed by Justice T.Vaiphei appointed by the state government, George said that the Judicial Inquiry Commission will not be able to work when it produces the results. decisions and directives to the Government of Assam because the state under its jurisdiction is only for Meghalaya.
“Retired Judge Shivaji Pandey, who is also the Chairman of the State Consumer Council, has given his written approval to be the Chairman of the Advisory Board. it has opened the way for us to implement this law.
Speaking at the meeting, Mawphlang MLA Bah Eugene Lyngdoh said that he has decided not to contest the election because he does not want to serve two masters because all the jobs will be lost. He said that he will be with the UDP party in this election and also with the party candidates and appealed to the supporters of the party to work hard together. Speaking at the announcement ceremony of the UDP candidate from Mawphlang, Bah Mathew Kurbah said that he has retired from his post of 33 years as a Government servant. However, this time he wants to serve the people of Mawphlang Constituency and the state as a whole.
The Principal of the school, Father Nicodim Aind SDB, congratulated the teacher for being able to convey and stir up the minds of the students about what they need as students of the present era. now.
Shillong, July 20: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh, has directed the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh to appoint the CEM. The government has decided to build a parking lot at the market in Ringrey West Garo Hills.
“It was at about 7 pm that a Maruti Alto 800 (B/Reg ML05M-7648) was stopped and after a thorough search, 14 soap boxes were found in the vehicle. Three persons have been arrested including Bah Dilip Mawlong of Nongmynsong, Bijay Thapa of Ladnartiang and Bah I'm not sure what to do.
The maternity ward was completely destroyed in the incident but fortunately the patients escaped from the tragic incident after the hospital authorities immediately evacuated them to a safe place.
I would like to remind you all the children of the Bri u Hynniewtrep that there is no price more precious than the price of mutual forgiveness.
There are 510 recoveries so far including 12 recoveries. 41509 samples sent for testing are 40058 negative and the results are There are 309 pending cases.
He said he would bring many issues to question the government in the Budget Session besides the border issues between India and Bangladesh through the signboard in Meghalaya.
Marbaniang said that her son, Kimfa Marbaniang, has sent her complaint but no action has been taken, while other complaints from the four groups have been implemented immediately. “My son Kimfa was present at the scene, but he was wrongly accused just because he went to lodge a complaint with the police,” said Marbaniang.
Therefore, the residents of these four villages have requested the PWD (Roads) authorities to send workers or assistants to clean up the landslides along the road so that the residents can You will not face any difficulties in traveling by vehicle to carry goods and other necessities.
According to Dr Mukul, the implementation of the GST was after many discussions with the Government of India before reaching this decision.
On the other hand, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar said that today there was also the distribution of the remaining assistance for the year 2020-2021 where 145 households will receive the allocation. who.
He said that they have already sent a letter to the school authorities today and it is clear that somehow next month they will inform about the problems and issues and how far they have paid. prepared for this purpose.
Therefore, I would like to urge you Symbud Lamphang to implement the Procedure and Conduct of Business in due course,” he said.
More than 3000 athletes in various disciplines will come from all over the state to participate in the tournament.
Army, SDRF, Fire & Emergency Services (F&ES), government authorities, volunteers and residents have taken part in the rescue of about 1,280 people. people stranded everywhere.
Moitra said that the turnout of the people at the TMC meeting shows that the people want change and there is a reason for the people to come out to support any part of the state. small, the flow to 60-70 thousand people is not easy.
The statement said that it is sad that before the public hearing, companies are ready to go to the public to help them or to support the public hearing with many big promises. baheh , but after the completion of the job the companies do not inform the public especially the youth of the area who are educated and unemployed or the poor people who do not have a helper or spokesperson to the company Therefore, the Umkiang Village strongly requests the Government to immediately suspend the public hearing or not to allow Star Cement to mine coal as it will affect the environment especially the Wah Lukha. The government has allowed the mining of Star Cement to proceed. The government's environmental protection meeting has no purpose and if the government allows the public hearing, the leaders will The villagers of Umkiang Village, will no longer cooperate with the government through the government departments in charge of forest or any department in charge of how to preserve the environment from now on.
In the first leg, these teams drew 2-2
Thomas Jones' first book was the First Book of Reading, published in
To clarify and explain in detail the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the conduct of Kur Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Raid Dorbars and Hima Dorbars.
“After reading all the rules, a tender will be called so that the work can start as soon as possible,” he said.
East Khasi Hills has recorded the highest number of cases with 148 cases, while West Garo Hills has recorded the second highest number of cases with 108 cases.
SHILLONG : There are 5894 vacancies in 48 government departments in Meghalaya.
However, North Korea has not commented on the US soldier and does not want to express any hostility in this regard.
Before moving the training centre, Gideon said that the SCA had tried to find such a place in many villages like Lumpyungngad, Secondary School, but the SCA had tried to find such a place in many villages. Gideon said the SCA is fortunate that the Lawsohtun Dorbar Shnong, which after 10 years of discussions and arrangements, with a strong spirit, has been willing to accept or allow the SCA to use the iai valid proclamation junom.
MTDCL Chairman Sanbor Shullai and Managing Director Cyril V. Diengdoh have called for a meeting with the HYC leaders to explain the reason for the extension of the term of office of Puranjan Das.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HSPDP) Mawmuthoh Unit has alleged that the Rangbah Shnong of Mawmuthoh, Bah Riborlang Kharumnuid, has been involved in politics as the Village Authority.
Bah Apbor Nongrum, Working President of the party, led by Bah Apbor Nongrum, Working President of the party, together with the members of the party, drove away the residents who came to clean up the area. places such as drinking places and places of illegal activities that the village authorities do not accept.
Because he doesn't need the Three Temples of the Devil Beast.
Bah O.Kharpuri, Beat Officer, Soil & Water Conservation, Umroi Beat House as the chief guest and witnessed the sowing of fish seeds in the river. ER Kharkrang, Chairman of the KJP Synod, Bah PB Sylliang, Chairman of the Committee, Bah Kynsai Nengnong, Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Umroi Pyllun and others. Village Leader and from the Committee.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bholak Kumar Gupta, Secretary VHP, Jowai said it was a memorable day for all Hindus as the Ram Mandir was opened after 500 years.
Similarly, vehicles from West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Eastern Khasi Hills Districts will have to pass through Pomlakrai/Mawryngkneng to Shillong Bypass.
It is also surprising that the KHADC has appointed Acting Bah Joseph Lyngdoh, without conducting an inspection inside the village, in order to see the participation of the residents.
He said the JHADC supports the government's plan to increase the number of MDCs to 34 through the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule.
He said that there were up to 7 non-Raid Mawshun voters who came to vote.
Shillong, March 24: The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) on Tuesday held a discussion with a delegation from Croatia at the Auditorium of Kiang Nangbah NEHU Old Guest House. Croatia performed its traditional Sword Dance on the occasion.
This was directed by the EC to the health department officials at a meeting convened today.
Because there is no place to properly store their belongings anywhere else except inside the hostel.
Jowai: U Bah Miet Sumer has lodged a complaint that Ajit Kumar Bormon, husband of his wife, was shot dead by him on July 6 at 2.45 pm and later fled to his village. in the West Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “I have received an investigation report on the allegation of corruption in the rice and this allegation is unfounded”.
The SP of East Jaintia Hill, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that two persons have been arrested so far but police are still trying to identify others involved.
“We have demanded from the government to prevent Assam from crossing the border into Meghalaya, because according to the information we have received, Assam has started crossing into the disputed areas,” he said. .
To include the Village Authorities, Elaka, Hima, Raij and Syiems and District Councils in the Regional Committee of the Government.
A farming family in the countryside with seven brothers, two brothers, Bah and Deng, when they were young, went to school in the morning and in the morning they went to drive goats and help their parents work in the fields.
In my view, the front should not depend on having wealth, intelligence or what they have gone through professionally and I am not saying that wealth and intelligence are unimportant, but the front duh should be a person who has a sense of responsibility for the country and the nation and then follow other requirements.
He said the aim of the company is to provide employment to the youth of the state.
And just because of the VC's actions, NEHU has declined sharply in the country as a whole.
b) that they should keep a distance of at least 2 meters or 6 feet from other farmers.
Comingone said that as of now, you should not be afraid to eat fish, because it is not known whether it is true or not that the fish have been injected with the drug.
Last year, the MC, teachers and parents had to build the school themselves and that was only for the accommodation of the students and to protect only the day of the school. Rain, but the house they are building now has collapsed and is no longer available, which has prompted the MC and teachers to say that they cannot refuse to build a new one, even though they have not received any assistance from the government.
“I don't know anything about this,” said Kong Roshan.
Bishnu is a close friend of GNLA Area Commander East Garo Hills Ajan Momin, who is also known as Jimmy. They were evacuated from the hospital.
“We want to know whether the DHS has ordered to transport abroad the ambulance which is for people who are not DHS employees. Manoj has asked for permission from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to send an ambulance to foreign countries,” said the FKJGP leader. They have been arrested by the Umsning Police Station.
However, the man explained that he did not have an ATM and requested for help to withdraw his money, but the employees of the bank refused, said Bah Doloi.
The venue will be played at the EJDCA ground in Mookhep.
In this Dorbar, one of the Surs has been accepted.
Hundreds of residents from four villages together with the EJNC took part in the march. They condemned the MDA government and demanded good roads in these villages.
In fact, the authority to do this lies only with the District School Education Officer.
On the other hand, Ferdynald K Kharkamni said that the biggest expenditure in these days is drugs.
After discussions, the two parties decided to demand from the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma as Prime Minister to take action on the increasing number of people from Assam to the border villages.
I have worked hard in my constituency and I have built it well,” he added.
As a leader, he welcomed all those who came to meet him and expressed his gratitude that the BJP party in India remembers him as a leader from Meghalaya. There is nothing behind the political party that has come to persuade him to join the BJP party or that he too has the intention to join the BJP and this meeting is only a tribute to the BJP. Dr. DD Lapang said that the book is written on the nine years of the BJP government and the work it has done under the leadership of Narendra Modi.
However, they should put the work of the kur first, because the land can still be bought elsewhere but the relatives of the kur cannot be bought.
In English the worm is called 'Bookworm'
NEIGHRIMS Hospital needs a CSSD Officer, Dietician, Sanitary Superintendent and others.
Shillong: The meeting held on 27th November 2021, in the presence of the alumni of CHERRA PRESBYTERIAN SECONDARY SCHOOL, SOHRA, with the consent of all those who attended the meeting, has formed the Union of The CHERRA Presbyterian Secondary School Past Pupils Association (CHSAA) has organized a meeting to welcome all the alumni of this school.
He became even more famous after he sang for John Paul II, the song "Never be the same" on November 15,
The faith we have in Him who has called us, unless we endure to the end, we will not reach the goal.
The allegation was made on the Shillong View Point, where the two parties said that nothing has been done by the Raid Laban Dorbar.
The dorbar also approved and passed the new Revenue Collection Act which came into force on 1st November.
The purpose of releasing T 2000 funds has been achieved when these funds have been provided according to the needs.
“These are the reasons that should be conveyed to the Government of India so that they can understand many of the problems that the state governments have faced and this has not happened at all.
On the same night, the police also destroyed the headquarters of the organization within the boundary of the Chakrashila Wildlife Sanctuary.
This is not the first time for the opposition parties in West Bengal to come together against the Trinamool Congress government.
During her tenure as Home Minister, Roshan Warjri (Kong Kei) had phoned Bah Cheristarfield to talk personally and not officially and she did not dare to arrange or clear the path for them. members of the party to come and make peace.
These figures shall be sent by the political parties to the Chief Electoral Officer in their respective States in accordance with the Representation of People's Act, 1951 and the rules shall be issued by the Commission. for sha for.
In the second half, Dhana SC beat Rymbai Iawpynsing 3-0
It was alleged that every year when the donation was collected, no receipt was issued, but this year no receipt was issued.
Bah Shylla said that he will hold a meeting to celebrate the ban on uranium mining in the state and that is so that the people will not doubt anymore about uranium.
After these 7 years, God has another 30 days.
The party was formed on July 23 and was launched today after finalizing its constitution.
“The PM Vishwakarma scheme is a symbol of the struggle of traditional beliefs and traditional crafts and the scheme creates income generation opportunities and at the same time preserves the ancient Guru-Shishya Parampara of India. " said the Minister.
So far, 80 leaders have reportedly resigned.
Fibeststar Songthiang won a bronze medal in the form event and a silver medal in the 52 kg kumite event.
Scientists explain that climate change has reached a climax that cannot be prevented.
For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? Matthew 16:26.
Customs seized 29,600 bottles of phensedyl hidden inside the truck.
“In 1823 the Welsh Presbyterian Assembly adopted and approved the traditional doctrines which also guided the members of the Presbyterian Church how to live and work.
There is no need to find a screwdriver to remove the wire tip.
“Through the research scholars who come forward, we will provide scholarships to study the origins of the Khasi culture,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Because the egg is fertilizer, only after a year or so the seeds are ready to germinate and this is how animals and birds help to spread the plant roots around the world. dispersion of seeds.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PS Marwein, DSP of Ri Bhoi District, explained that many of the provisions of the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act (COTPA) have been implemented by the Government of Meghalaya. that they knew that smoking affects the health of others.
They went into a restaurant to eat chow and were happy that they had done their jobs.
It is the first time in the history of the state that there will be a special festival exclusively for rice.
They were registered as non-Khasis by the Registration Authority of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) a year ago but the investigation to remove their names is ongoing. himself in you.
The FKJGP urges the government of Conrad K. Sangma to fight against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 and to convey to the Central Government that Meghalaya can no longer accept the infiltration of foreigners. Nongstoiñ: The issue against foreigners by the FKJGP in Nongstoin has started to escalate, and only after 10 days that the KSU has found a victory. Hundreds of foreigners have registered to vote in the villages of the area, now another organization, the HYC has expelled 8 foreigners who came to work without permits in Nongstoiñ Market.
Congress West Bengal spokesperson Kaustav Bagchi on Saturday was arrested from his residence on charges of insulting state Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, police said.
No one was injured in the incident, as the children who were inside the house, managed to leave the house as soon as they saw the fire.
For 15 months, the employees of this department have not received their salaries.
The match between Shillong Lajong FC and Minerva Punjab ended in a 2-0 draw at the JN Stadium, Polo, Shillong today.
This is the way for the gas cylinders to enter the house.
The union also wishes the office to continue to do its best in all aspects of its services from the officers, staff and others involved in the office to work better. not in the coming days.
The awards under SBM-G and JJM will be awarded by the President of India and the Union Minister in charge of Jal Shakti under the following categories –Swachh Survekshan Gramin-2 States and Districts according to the implementation of various SBM-G schemes and the involvement of people in rural areas to improve sanitation through full IEC work and in collaboration with Gram Panchayats and people in every area. that district.
Indeed, some say that it is a disadvantage to remove the iit iong because those who drive alone on longer distances and at night will feel safer because the robbers can easily know how many there were people inside the car.
Other permitted activities will remain the same within the district according to the order issued on 4 July
“When we met with the Prime Minister, he promised to look into and seek the opinion of the Law and Order Department on this matter.
According to the Superintendent of Police, Mawkhanu Service Station, Mawkhanu Service Station was robbed on the night of 19th November 2021 and the robbers shot dead two employees with a pistol.
Speaking to reporters, Nikelson Khongmawloh, President of Raid Shabong, said that the Sordar of Raid Shabong, Biggestson Lyngdoh, has suspended the project. of this group to hold this dance and song competition on the 22nd-23rd of this month.
The tree is not eaten, so we call it a tree.
During his two-day visit, Baghel inspected the implementation of Central Government schemes for the benefit of the Subordinate Judiciary.
Besides the MP, MLAs, MDCs and other party leaders will also be present to explain the working principles of the Congress party in the Lok Sabha MP election
It is alleged that about 9 members of NEHUSU also shot dead 7 employees working inside the campus of the university.
He said that three cases from Amlarem West Jaintia Hills are two women and one man from Amlarem West Jaintia Hills. Assam.
Jowai, Jymmang 27: MDCs from various district councils including the Chief Executive Member of Chakma Autonomous District Council, Mizoram and the EM of Lai Autonomous District Council, Lawngtlai.
Cleiton Silva scored his first goal in the first half and it was his sixth goal of the season, which led to East Bengal's failure to qualify for the playoffs this season. Bengaluru FC are still in the playoffs with one game left.
The residents of four neighboring villages have expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the BJP State Mahila Morcha for organizing this free medical treatment which has benefited greatly to the residents who came from the families of the victims. less income.
He encouraged one of the groups to be the managers of these Community Resource Centers to run them properly so that all the objectives can be achieved and so that the village can develop in the community. all sides.
For WJPCC, Riboklang Hynniewta took two wickets in 7 overs.
The interesting thing to think about the freedom or democracy that God has given us as a country and a nation is that the power lies with us the people, we the people take the decision to do it. improve or destroy your nation from time to time.
Bah Charles said that he is deeply concerned about the spread of drug trafficking. To fight against it, the law enforcement agencies alone cannot. The KHADC should direct all the Dorbar Shnongs to cooperate.
It is sad to say that if the police had taken action on the information given by my husband, these robbers would have been arrested for threatening, touching and insulting the woman. .
Therefore, the Seng has urged the State Government to expedite the reconciliation talks within that day as scheduled and although the Government is still silent, the Seng will not refuse to take back the talks. other means and methods to conduct protests in order to maintain peace and stability among the people living in the border areas and also to avoid the encroachment of land by others States and Countries of the world as well.
However, at the request of the HYC, the hospital authorities have accepted.
The state government has tried to do politics by giving the reason that they cannot run this project,” said the working president of the UDP.
Such as Dorbin Mountain, Lama Mountain, Lalieh Sarynthu, Raksiah Mountain, Laharang Mountain, Mookhyrwang Mountain, Pdein High Mountain and others.
The CEM also presented the report on the promotion of 4 employees of JHADC. Holando Lamin was also appointed as Vice Chairman Land Revenue & The Land Reform Committee of JHADC will be effective from
The airport will also be operational from tomorrow to accommodate passengers stranded in Kolkata.
Wasa will play again in the third semifinal or qualifier 2 against the winners of Myntong and Nangbah Mulong.
The Minister also congratulated Bah HM Shangpliang as an MLA who has been monitoring from time to time to ensure that the new office will be completed immediately in his constituency.
With two wins, one draw and one defeat, Meghalaya finished third in the group, along with Nagaland who are in second place with 13 points each. wicket.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, a UDP MDC said that the People Democratic Alliance (PDA) chaired by Lambor Malngiang has asked for time to meet again tomorrow.
Jowai: The Khasi Students' Union, Nartiang Circle today conducted a raid on Nartiang village and found that many foreigners have come to work illegally in the area. the area without proper documents including Work Permits, Trading License and others.
Speaking to reporters, Wandobok Jyrwa, General Secretary of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Owners and Drivers Association, said that perhaps the people who own private vehicles are not affected. The Government has increased the price of petrol because until these days no one has informed the Government about this increase in the price of petrol and when the price of petrol increases like this it affects only the drivers of commercial vehicles.
In Ri Bhoi, 34 candidates have emerged to contest in only 5 constituencies! If politics is not an opportunity for wealth, why doesn't anyone become poor or stay the same after becoming MLA or Minister?
UDP MDC Lamdibok Sumer told reporters that Prestone has promised to take action on all these issues.
The judge sheet is as follows:-1) Tome Memorial S/S School Jowai 2) Alpha English School Nongpoh 3) St. John's College Nongpoh. Marys h/s Tura 4) Green Yard school William Nagar 5) Jagarani s/s Bagmara 6) Marian Hills h/s Jowai 7) St.Mary's h/s Shillong 8) Little Flower s/s Shillong 9) Donbosco s/s Tura 10) Pioneer S/s Bagmara 11) Mawlamwir Church 12) Anderson S/s Nongstoin 13) St.Paul S/s School Nongpoh and 14) Riverside Adventist S/s.
The new price is from wholesale prices at Sonapur Oil Agency and T.72.50/- and T.78.20/- respectively. T.74.20/- and wholesale price and T.76.30/- and T.74.40/- respectively.
Almost all the incidents, reported by these refugees, in their own families, show that these victims were stabbed with a weapon, their bodies were robbed. naked and afterwards, killed, thrown into the Water.
Naik's leadership led Mumbai to win the Ranji Trophy that season without the presence of Sunil Gavaskar, Ajit Wadekar, Dilip Sardesai and Ashok Mankad.
He said that government posts should not remain vacant even for one day and should be filled immediately when there are vacancies.
He said that this will help the Government to increase the availability of land where projects can be built to promote tourism especially near the Nongmahir Lake which is a beautiful place and attracts tourists. tourists.
Shwari Ryngkhlem, Chairman Sports Committee KSU said that in this age of knowledge and where you have to compete in any field, young people need to work hard to succeed in life whether in sports or in education.
He said that he is proud to say that he belongs to the Jaidbynriew who took his ancestry from his mother.
Acknowledging that it is essential to fight together for a drug free society in Meghalaya, the DGP said that the police have taken many measures to curb drugs.
In the second half, Sohmynting opened the scoring through Shan Dkhar in the 18th minute.
Shillong: Two senior officers have been dismissed in the past few days, including Bah Nazarius Lamare, SP of East Jaintia Hills and District Transport Officer, West Jaintia Hills.
“The talks so far have been good and smooth and now the HNLC members have returned to Bangladesh to hold a meeting within the central executive committee and public meetings and to take a decision on this issue. ," he said.
Under the NREGS scheme, the village has received a Check Dam at a cost of T.6,99,430 but when Bah Bankynsai visited the Dam, there was no Check Dam at all.
These lead to many kinds of illnesses that lead to deficiencies in all parts of the body.
It is worth mentioning that the same problem and allegation that the shortage of kilos of ration is not only in this village but in all the FPS Dealers of the district and in the State as a whole.
“The youngest candidate of the party is 28 years old.
Dulong scored the first goal of the match.
Wahiajer SC beat Sohmynting 3-2 while Ladthadlaboh SC beat Sailung Ialong 3-0 in the First Division and Super Division Football Tournament held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Thursday. .
Shillong, Nailar 26 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongkohlew Unit on Tuesday opened the 1st Tur Shaphrang Football Tournament 2022 at Nongkohlew Stadium.
The people especially the youth have been looking forward to the VPP MLAs who have decided to sit in the opposition to show their wisdom and understanding to speak in the Legislative Assembly.
Shortly after, Sichwale returned to the dorbar hall, where she wore a blue skirt.
These two households are from Mawkajem village who were affected by the cyclone in 2019. They are the households of Barikmen Tynsong and Monlang Khongwir. Since the year of the cyclone, they have not received the assistance they should have received from the Pynursla C&RD Block.
Another decision of the meeting was to approve the Service Rules for the Water Resources Departments which includes three parts, one for the Chief Engineer, Executive Engineer and Sub Divisional Officer (SDO).
The Villages of 18 Mile under South West Khasi Hills District together with the Seng Longkmie have cleaned up the streams around the village and also the village ponds as garbage dumps. Many plastic bags, bottles have been found along this road and the people who pass through this road have been throwing plastic bags, bottles and other pollutants. these places.
On the day of the interview, bring your original certificates.
The meeting was chaired by the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Storm.
According to the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) issued by the Government today, the movement of people from one village to another will be strictly controlled. this is the answer.
Lidia Lyngdoh, Secretary, Chirynjup Village Organization, Mawlangwir, gave the welcome speech.
“When these groups came to meet him, they put forward a request to cancel the agreement. I told him that the cancellation means that we have canceled the soskular and we will have no intention of canceling it. implement this project"
Jowai: The employees of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today held a mass protest in front of the Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) to protest against the failure of the Executive Committee. Thombor Shiwat as CEM has been unable to pay their salaries for seven months.
“The Ministry is now ready to invest to assist the people of the state through pig farming,” he added.
About 1.3 million applicants for clerk jobs have not been employed since
Jowai, Nailur 30: Residents of Muktapur and farmers on the border with Bangladesh on Thursday held a meeting with officials of the authorities of West Jaintia Hills District. Muktapur village.
He said that the government should not be happy that the government has given T.900 and T.
In another spectacular match, Tura DCA won by 9 runs against East Garo Hills DCA. In the Zone 1 match in Group-B, WKH won by 9 runs. They won the toss and elected to bat first. They scored 163 runs in 19 overs for the loss of 1 wicket.
The KSU has demanded that the authorities should punish all those schools, offices and private properties which have acted illegally and who have opposed this.
These vehicles were launched in the presence of Parliamentary Secretary and Umsning MLA Dr. C Lyngdoh, Mawhati MLA, Ngaitlang Dhar, Umroi MLA and I. Ingty, Commissioner of Transport along with other government officials.
The meeting was conducted by the President of Umjaiur Unit Bah T.Nongrem. The speakers were Bah Arup Pasah Symbud Kongsan who is also a young man who has been addicted to drugs in the past. He is the owner of the Grace Foundation Center in Assam.
Speaking to the youth, Bah Tosanbha urged them to set goals in their lives.
He said that the KSU Barato PHC has been treated in four parts for COVID-19 patients namely A, B and C and D have been sent to hospitals with ICUs. There is a lack of preparations for the fight against covid-19 but the isolation ward is missing.
However, while those who are still alive to do things that really affect the dignity and morality of the jaidbynriew through these social media platforms, we have not seen or witnessed anyone doing anything.
However, this tradition which has lasted for decades until today has been followed blindly without knowing the origin or meaning of the word Lyngdoh or Syiem.
Not only that, you have to install WIFi for four thousand Tyngka.
Shillong: The President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Bah Blikstar Sohtun, on Tuesday said that the 18 villages in the Raid Nongtung, want to come to Meghalaya if the border is resolved. These are the villages which have been forcibly occupied by the Assam government.
Nagpur is the place of snakes and so on.
Police opened fire on the protesters when they turned towards the residence of Pema Khandu, Chief Minister of the State in Itanagar.
Jesus, the Lamb of God, came to appear before God for us, but not to offer himself many times as a high priest who enters the Most Holy Place every year without fail. of blood.
Nongpoh, June 20: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today said that due to the increasing temperature and humidity which can affect the health of the people, they have to take care of themselves. has issued public guidelines to be followed to avoid being affected by this rise in temperature.
What was seen on that day was that the police chiefs from Assam spoke softly and tried to explain to the party leaders from Meghalaya, in which they said in front of the party leaders, that their presence in the area but when it comes to the border, they rely on the arrangement between the government officials from Meghalaya and Assam.
On the same night, there was an angry protest in Karimganj, where they tried to shoot the election workers and this prompted the police to throw lathi bombs at the people, who were in the polling station. place.
We have seen that many of those who have come forward from the political parties, the people, the leaders, the prominent people, who have expressed the concerns of the people in the coming and going, until they have to show their They demanded to build a better road, will this demand and aspiration of the people be fulfilled??, as it is now the national highway in East Jaintia Hills District has deteriorated badly especially in Narpuh area, the people and civil society have been waiting and longing for a good road for ease of travel.
He won in 2009 from Teilinia Thangkhiew.
Similarly, if the kings and rulers of our country obey other gods and turn away from the living God, he will send evil upon the land of the people.
Therefore, the letter should be sent away immediately.
Therefore, the leaders of the two organizations appealed to the owners of vehicles as well as the drivers of commercial vehicles Shillong-Jowai, Jowai-Shillong, which are under the banner of these two organizations to respect this decision and to cooperate so that no confusion will arise between the owners of vehicles and the passengers of commercial vehicles.
The second semi final will be played tomorrow 29th between PHE and Seiñpynbhalang Sahsniang.
Meghalaya Cement Limited (Topcem) today dismissed two employees who used rude language and incited the police to bomb the public during a public hearing. of the dewbilat company which was held at Thangskai village on the 24th of this month.
“When I looked, I saw that all the vehicles were drunk,” said one of the witnesses, who said that the two children were on their way to buy food from the shop.
Maruf Elahi on Bivar Road, Beroline Khongshei on Laban, Mohendro Rapsang on Keating Road and Saini Pala on Motinagar, Sanjib Das on GS Road, Khyndai Lad, Manchin Fincon Pvt Ltd on Jail Road, Kenneth M Lyngdoh of Bivar Road, Sanjay Jhunjhunwalla of Bivar Road, Modrick Nongkynrih of Bishop Cotton Road, BD Marbaniang of Demseniong, Lamboklang Mylliemngap of Motinagar, TA Sohklet of Lummawrie, Allenwood Brigade Swer of Secretary Fire. P Dkhar of Laban and Nicolas Wallang of Boyce Road.
On the occasion, the MCPC leaders and HANM leaders expressed their gratitude to Bah Julias K. Dorphang, for although he is no longer the leader of the party. but he still has the spirit to help the people of the area, especially those poor families who are facing difficulties at this time of COVID-1
On this occasion, Red Moon Driving, to show its cooperation with the village, has also donated 10 seats to the village.
Shillong: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Khasi-Jaintia people are the oldest people in India. the inhabitants of this State as the indigenous people, the Hynniewtrep Hynniawwasa people.
It’s time for the educated and enlightened not to shy away from expressing their views on important issues.
Cavalcante's escape comes after he was sentenced to life in prison for the murder of his girlfriend in front of her children in
Before the start, the Chairman of VPIC gave a brief explanation on the importance of planting trees so that the environment can provide many benefits such as clean air and bad air. .
Besides, the Minister said that the Government has found that the traffic jam in the Police Bazaar and Ïewduh areas has been caused by the lack of proper management of buses and taxis and this is also a major challenge because There are no other places for buses and taxis to park.
The first prize in the women's category was Mrs. Kyntulang Rynjah from Synniasya, the second prize went to Shembhalin Mynsong and the third prize went to Ailibon Khriam from Jongksha. .
But he has a sin that people don't know and don't see because he has been carrying it for many years.
The four Bills passed by the Special Session of the KHADC are for the implementation of the ILP within the boundaries of the District Council in accordance with the provisions of the Eastern Frontier Regulation,
Queen Elizabeth has died tonight at the age of 96 after ruling England for 70 years.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kronding Nongbsap, said that the reason why he lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner regarding the deterioration of the bridge, was after he himself went to inspect the bridge. They found that the bridge has collapsed and it is necessary for the government authorities to take action to avoid any tragic incident.
From the report, it appears that the State Pollution Control Board initially approved the construction of the shop, and later, approved the shop to start operating. and rules.
The Raid Nongtung Arts & Culture Committee, which was recently formed in June this year, has decided to hold the festival.
Representatives of teachers and studentsix.
The two trucks carrying cattle, which were seized by the RBYF and FKJGP members, bearing the number plates AS 01-BC-7588 and AS-01-DC-8 The Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association, a group of cow farmers and those who have temporarily stopped buying cows from the cow market, have informed the leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association. They were sent to Bangladesh.
Bok has about 20 employees from different villages.
The inability of the state government to recruit full time has put 100 youths working in MPWs in Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills in trouble.
After that, the mother stopped the bomb and said, “I'll drive you out of the house.
Earlier, speaking on the occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the Ministry of Agriculture, said that the government has set a target to increase milk production in the state through the Milk Mission. which has been launched in recent months.
And now the Messiah, the false Christ, has appeared in Israel.
Thousands of muster roll members from all over Jaintia Hills including the All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union (AJMDMWU), the branch of AJMRW&LU attended the meeting. The meeting was briefed on the activities of the union and the progress on various demands put before the government and decided to monitor so that the government can implement the demands of the union.
Many have also complained that in the future there will be more private shopping malls and shopping arcades especially in Garo Hills.
Ukraine, on the other hand, has demanded that the peace talks should continue with a ceasefire in Russia.
We invite the people and the civil society to give us their full support on this day so that our objectives can go smoothly.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that at a meeting of the Cabinet, they will take a decision on the date of the MDC elections MPCC President DD Lapang was also present at the meeting.
“What I am against is with his party,” he said, adding that the BJP has now put forward its own 'Mann ki Baat' program and does not want to listen to what the people say. In India, you are facing problems these days.
The funeral service will be held on the 15th September 2021 at 10 pm at the Catholic Church Nongkseh Lai Mer.
During his time and age, Professor GG Swell through this message spoke to the country and the world about the fundamental principles of the Christian faith.
In the manifesto, the party alleged that the present government has failed to show transparent performance to avoid corruption allegations.
The Federation worked for a while but the custom of the people was that there were differences of opinion until the Federation collapsed until
Banteidor's remarks came after he was asked about Prestone's claim that Prime Minister Conrad Sangma and he have decided to provide subsidy to farmers for the purpose of getting medicines. fertilizer.
She also promised to pay special attention to the farmers of Ri Bhoi and Meghalaya and one of the goals of the BJP government is to develop the farmers and through the assistance to the farmers of It is expected that farmers in Meghalaya will continue to increase their income.
The ancestors cannot be blamed at that time when the suffering of the families and the nation was excessive.
Friends and brothers and sisters, let us think alone, God has seen everything, He knows everything, even our heads He knows everything, how much more so our precious soul, He knows how to take care of us. Let us trust in Him, pray, ask forgiveness of all our sins, and He will stop this covid-19 in our country.
Siliguri: Tyllilang Basketball Academy played two matches today.
The Ri-Bhoi East Sports Association (RBMSA) is one of the newest organizations with the aim of promoting the youth of Ri-Bhoi East in the field of sports, through its leaders including Bah Hesparlin Marwein Coach. C License, Center Barim, IK Shadap, B Dkhar expressed their pride and joy to see that a star from Ri-Bhoi District and Meghalaya has been able to take part and represent India in the South Championship. India also won the title after beating Pakistan 3-0
In the states of Panjab and Haryana, the farmers are those who have completed their education in agriculture.
“What's wrong with Rangsan?” asked the mother.
Prestone Tynsong said that recently the Meghalaya government through the Labor Department has issued an order that private companies in the state should not employ the youth of the state first at this time. There is no curfew in the whole of India and in the state.
Police have rushed to patrol the area and the police who were present at the time were one ABSI from the SF-10, three SF-10 police and the driver. to the police car.
This morning, at 9 pm, this journalist, arrived at 9 pm at Polo Tower, where he saw that there were others with video cameras and immediately asked for a pass from the Polo Tower. one of the employees of the agency, who was on the scene.
Marak said that only two days were given to discuss the issues to be brought by the members, one day the motion and one day the resolution which he felt was insufficient.
“The salary of the MLAs of West Bengal is the lowest compared to the salary of other MLAs in other states and therefore, it has been decided to increase it by T.40,000 per month,” she said. .
The total number of participants who attended the training was about 50 including employees, shopkeepers, women, teachers and others.
Outside the jail, there are 618 cases in Chennai and 874 cases in the state.
Former Governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary on October 4 said that Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma is the most civilized CM in India.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 30: Assam Police on the 29th of this month have recovered the materials seized from the collapsed Eri Worm Building and also the materials of the construction of the Eri Worm Building. to the road to Umjaknieh-Jatalong.
Can I get Covid vaccine if I have high blood pressure, high blood pressure, high blood pressure, cancer etc? 3.
Rymbui said the protest is not against the disposal of garbage, but to ensure the disposal of garbage in accordance with the Solid Waste Management Rule They don't know what to break and what not to break and how not to manage the garbage dump, but the garbage dump in Mynkjai is the only place where they go to break the garbage without following them. He said that in 2018, the NGT has made it clear what they should do and what they should not do in relation to the SWMR. “When I was Minister of Environment, we used to hold meetings with the Pollution Control Board, Environment Department, Forest Department to see how to provide garbage dumps in the area. the whole state".
Dead pigs shall not be removed from infected households but shall be buried within the household or farm.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 20: St. Joseph Higher Secondary School Umden today honored the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem on his victory once again as a full time MLA. to Nongpoh Constituency.
He went on to say that the greatness and centrality of this Sacrament of the Eucharist is that this Sacrament is part of all the Nine Sacraments within the Church.
We need a clear understanding because we don't want the district declaration to be just a foundation stone but it should be fair and consistent.
Furthermore, celery contains 95 per cent water and fiber, which can control the rise in blood sugar.
The group handed over the donation to Rimabila by Reverend Dkhar from Mawngap Lumparing who participated in the donation.
He said the Bomb Squad and the CSU are investigating the cause of the blast.
Speech was also delivered by Dulendro K. Marak, father of Aisail N Marak, who strongly condemned the illegal act committed by Aisail N Marak. Aisail N Sangma, said that he did not find any large land as mentioned in the Dulir, but he said that he has only two small land in Umlathu and Nagrabill.
“He should be removed from the post of Syiem,” said the Jirang MDC in the House.
The Minister said that in the meeting attended by officers from the Police, Social Welfare, Health and MIMHANS, it was also approved that the necessary to have strong rules of the state government in the implementation of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS) which is the law to control drugs.
This shows that the whole world is sometimes in a grave peril of uncertainty, which is not yet known what will happen tomorrow, when the dark night has passed and the bright step has returned. and thou shalt be saved.
It is not the traditional custom of the Khasi since ancient times.
Stating that he had nothing to do with the refusal to hold permission for the rally, Duh said the permissions to hold all the rallies were issued by the Election Commission of India (ECI) and the authorities. “All the permits come from the Election Commission of India and based on the directives, the district authorities have done so.
He said that the road has been abandoned for many years even after various villages have complained to the government and the leaders from the MLA of the area. Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State and Deputy Chief Minister of the Government of Prestone Tynsong, but ignored the demands of the people of the area.
The Minister also urged the citizens of the country to avoid drugs and protect their families from drugs.
They focus only on public works.
These drivers have had the opportunity to express their grievances since the 16th until today they are still stuck at the same place. if it is too late to clear the road.
This was announced by the UGC on 27th November this year.
I will convene an Advisory Committee comprising of Legal Advisors Erwin K. Sutnga, Robert June Kharjahrin and the Secretary of the EC; It is at that meeting that we will be able to consider the Application of Laws, 1952 which is an Act/Regulation on page 185 of the Acts, Rules & Regulations of The First Constitution of the UKJHADC, but not the MDCs but the Governor of the UKJHADC, is the first Constitution of the UKJHADC. Assam and the President of India under Paragraph 19 (1) (b) (3) which is the only strongest paragraph of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India because it can repeal or amend ) any Act of Parliament or Assembly or any Act in force in the territory of the UKJHADC. The 25 Khasi States have never been within Assam, so they have never been in India, so there has been no law of the British Government or the Government of India implemented in the 25 Independence States. and that at the same time, the implementation of Paragraph 19 (1) (b) (b) shall cease to operate only on the 27th June, to receive the administration of the Governor of Assam; Therefore, by the Regulation 1952, by prior understanding between the Government of Assam and the Central Government of India through the Governor and the President, the Schedule containing 225 Acts has been inserted in the Regulation The British Government of India, the Government of India, and the Government of Assam, have not applied the Act to the UKJHADC. to the 25 Khasi States in accordance with these words in the Preamble of Regulation No.5 1952– Quote immediately before the commencement of the Constitution of India.
There are four candidates in the constituency including INC candidate Lamdibok Sumer, former CEM of JHADC, Lotsing Lakuna, an independent candidate who has also received the support of JHADC. MLA of the constituency and BJP candidate S Kyndait.
According to media reports, the two girls were leaving the house with a ball to play football near the house, when a blue car with three people (which they did not know) arrived. They put them inside the car and two of the kidnappers were sitting with them in the back seat, while another was the driver of the car and they were sitting in the back. They had small sticks in their mouths and tyllai in their feet.
From the arrest of this KSU member, it can be seen that the KSU members have rushed to the Sadar Police station.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister together with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare will arrange to visit other districts of the state to discuss and meet with the leaders of various districts so that to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
Russia said all NATO countries had sent tens of billions of dollars in weapons to Ukraine.
The CEM said that until now, no information has been received on the amount of money collected from the Professional Tax and they are still collecting all the necessary documents.
One of the biggest losses besides Good Friday and Easter Sunday is the loss of services in churches.
He said that they have also conducted a search operation and increased patrols around Shillong for the safety of the people and to curb any riots.
This has prompted the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titos Chyne, to immediately oppose the claim of the Dy.CM, that the KHADC has not issued such a NOC. The Dy.CM, who has been an MLA for four terms, should have been subject to the Privilege Motion, which is contained in the Rules of the Assembly, otherwise it will become a precedent in the future. come, because it will also cause a stir, that ïiuma, such an incident happened in 2023 and has just ended.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 25: The Graduation Day of the College for the year 2023 was held on Monday and honored four students who are the Merit Holders of the College. College, including Ibajanai Lyngdoh I who got 4th position in Zoology, Kosphalan Lyngkhoi who got 6th position in Zoology, Pynshaitbor Thongni who got 6th position in Chemistry and Pynishisha Wanniang who got 10th position in Political Science.
You see, we don't listen to talk about corruption.
Meanwhile, the Maldives, ranked 154th in the world, are expected to face Lebanon, who have not been beaten in previous matches.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Marngar said, “This issue has been going on for many years and this is the first meeting to discuss this issue. dead”.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The BJP Meghalaya on Tuesday said that it is looking into the funds allocated by the central government to the state government and especially to the GHADC. that in the past there has been hope for the welfare and stability of the three district councils in the state, and that it has stood firm for the preservation of the human rights of the people, The BJP has expressed its concern over the reports of misuse of funds allocated by the CM to the GHADC. The BJP is monitoring the incidents related to the GHADC. I would also like to inform you that if this misuse is true, you will not hesitate to send a true report to the Party in Delhi if you have any information.
On the other hand, the Chief Executive Members demanded that the boundary demarcation should be exactly in accordance with the rules issued in the notification of 1876, as the people themselves want this, said the petition.
The language of remembrance can be perhaps very important in society in all aspects of interaction with others.
On the other hand, we spoke to some of the fish vendors, who expressed their relief after being able to open the market again after about 10 months of waiting for the resumption of fish exports. foreign states.
“As we all know that WJH district is an area with a lot of coal and we also know that Shangpung district is an area where people cultivate and trade shynrai lakadong which is famous all over the country. and also sying and other varieties of musla, this area can further develop agricultural products,” said Asthana.
In the second semi final of the SPL 2019, Shillong Lajong FC beat Rangdajied FC 3-0 to take a 4-0 lead. 3 through the aggregate.
The final of the U-18 Inter School Cricket Tournament will be held between BK Bajoria and St. Xavier's and the final of the U-16 between Sunrise Academy and Sunrise Academy. to St Edmunds.
Five people have lost their lives and 18 others have been injured in the collision of a Sumo from Dewsaw village. The Sumo collided with a truck at Tynger village near Mawsynram.
For the sier lapalang who intends to stay and eat the jangew-jathang (Khasi woman), this ILP will not work at all.
“Speaking on the Prime Minister's goal to make the country a developed country and how such steps have brought about equality among the citizens, Sangma said, “ A truly developed country, which our Prime Minister has spoken about and set a target that before 2047 India should be a developed country this can only happen if every nation and every people citizens and every part and person of our great country are moving forward.
Mawryngkneng, 7th Jymmang: After the expected rainfall for the agriculture sector, the heavy rainfall along with the cold weather on the 6th of Jymmang has severely affected the farmers. .
The day was enriched by a welcome song by the students of Pyndendiwah RC Secondary School and a dance by the students of Pyndendiwah RC English Medium School.
Henry Oka, an International Shooting Sports Federation coach from Indonesia, expected the participants to benefit greatly during these three days.
Besides the Ganja, police also seized two mobile phones.
In Shillong and Umiam, there was no rainfall today and yesterday.
“However, in the semi final (2leg), Mawlai initially tried to play hard, but with the hard work of the players, Khliehmawlieh managed to turn the tide by three goals to win.
However, the most disappointing thing for the athletes is the Meghalaya Games 2022 where the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has not been able to meet the needs of the athletes.
In addition, the source said that about 200 trucks carrying coke travel to most parts of Assam through the Khasi Hills and Garo roads every day. Hills.
If you write articles or articles if you write only Christians, you are a Christian and you don't know what you are talking about. the Nation of Khublei.
“We told them we’ve done the work (to address these issues)," he said.
The title of the book is “A Hero's Destiny, Everland” and she managed to complete the book in 4-5 days.
When the CEM and the EMs saw the crowd, they came down from their rooms to ask what had happened. The CEM addressed the crowd gathered in front of the District Council, and in his speech, Bah Ardent and the current EC should remain in KHADC. He said that if he has to resign, he doesn't have to demand that he resign, but he will resign of his own free will.
Shillong, Nailar 01 : U Justice Biswadeep Bhattacharjee on Tuesday took oath as the Additional Judge of the Meghalaya High Court.
Shillong: The EC of Darrang Elaka under the leadership of Dolloi Pyrwa Lymba, has announced that all fishermen must register to fish in Wah Umngot. I went to Dawki to get a pass.
The KSU's statement came after the Meghalaya High Court wrote to the Indian government not to grant Indian citizenship to these people without any conditions.
Last night, Syria also launched attacks on the airports of Damascus and Aleppo, disrupting airport operations in both places.
Shillong, June 23 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Saturday said that politics in the state will change before the 8th of June this year. .
“Bah AL Hek has also sent a copy of this letter to the Director of NEIGRIHMS for information and follow-up.
The KSU together with the Union of Missionaries, came after they found and saw that the family was in dire need of assistance, which led the KSU to In collaboration with the Union of Craftsmen Umsawnongkharai Circle, it has been able to help build the house.
The state-of-the-art multi-purpose stadium will be built in Manla district.
Nongpoh: The Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC), has invited the residents of the villages under the jurisdiction of the Town Committee, to take the opportunity to apply for the Housing Assistance Scheme. Prime Minister Awareness Scheme – Urban (PMAY-Urban).
The program was held at Modern Academy Higher Secondary School, Rangmaw in the presence of Bah T.Kyndiah, District Child Protection Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, Bah D.Mawleiñ, MPS, Deputy Superintendent of Police, South West. Nosmi Hahshah, Panel Lawyer of the District Legal Services Authority (DSLA) was the resource person.
Jowai March 12: The Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA) today opened a training center for the youth on the treatment of patients at home. Home Health Aide Skill Training is part of the Skills Meghalaya program funded by the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society (MSSDS).
Then the death of man shall be terrible.
The country also expects that these athletes who will participate in the tournament will be able to bring home medals in various sports.
Samla R.Nongtri said that there are many Shyiap trucks using this road, where the movement of these Shyiap trucks has caused serious damage to the road. Because these trucks are heavy trucks carrying Shyiap, the road has been completely destroyed.
For more information, please call 9402190429, 8414093939 &
The new leaders of the UDP in Nongpoh Constituency include Bah BS Teron and Bah Opel Lyngdoh as Chief Advisors. J.Maring, senior vice president, Sency Lyngdoh, Bul Lyngdoh, working president, Balajied Rani, Vanjune Makri, General Secfertary, Sevington Makri, Joint Secretary Isaia Syngkli, Treaurer, Lando Ingti, Finance Secretary, Wanphrang Sumer, Chief organizing Secretary, Las Marngar, Organizing Secretary, Donbun Tangsong, and other leaders and members of the Executive Committee.
It is also prohibited to sell cigarettes and tobacco within 100 meters of schools, colleges, universities and hospitals.
It is indeed a blessing for those who are willing to receive help from fellow human beings who provide them with money, clothing, food and other necessities.
On the other hand, Kong Syrpailin Khonglah, daughter of Bah Bring, expressed her sorrow to be able to celebrate this day again to remember the father of the family after more than 10 years of his death. world.
Air connectivity has also improved significantly.
At this meeting, the HYC suggested to Ma Thombor Shiwat, Chief Executive Member of JHADC, that a law should be introduced to recognize the doctors who do not provide medicines so that they can provide proper treatment. to protect the sick and to protect medicinal plants to cure various diseases.
When asked whether he will support the NCP candidate in the election, Moon said no decision has been taken yet because even the party leaders from the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, the President The MPCC and Bah DD Lapang have not yet commented on this.
“According to a letter sent to the Assistant Commandant of BSF, Muktapur, on the 12th of this month and a copy sent to the Sub-Divisional Officer (SDO) Amlarem Civil Subdivision, the union wants and desires that Every Assistant Commandant Level should have such committees between the Border Security Force (BSF) and the Border Rangbah Shnongs within the jurisdiction of the Asst Commandant,” said the union.
Therefore, it is our duty as elected members or as the government to see how the people benefit from these,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The program was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS. Jalaj Sinha, Commandant 172 BN BSF, Sanjay Sharma and three other BSF officers attended the programme. About 2000 people from the border areas attended the programme.
In the 2nd Division, Mawryngkneng SC beat Riatsamthiah 1-1
“If the collection of money continues after the end of this three months, it is illegal and against the rules of NHAI and it is your duty to do something about it. “At the end of this period, I will take the necessary measures,” said Ma Kynjaimon Amse.
In his speech, he praised the college for taking this initiative to promote, remind and try to preserve the rich culture of our state.
The confidence in the banks is excessive (although there are banks that have embezzled the country's wealth), in fact, it is better to have the money in the banks than to have the money in the banks. go into the hands of those who deserve it.
Shillong received 0.3mm of rainfall, 10.4mm in Sohra and no rainfall in Umiam.
In the meeting with the CEM , Sadon said that the HNYF has suggested to the CEM KHADC to set up a Regional Council The CEM of JHADC will also give his views.
Therefore, the union is afraid that these animals imported from abroad, will cause various diseases, especially at this time when the disease of leprosy in cows and African disease has become widely known. Swine Fever in pigs.
It is because this right rests in the Supreme Court of the country and we have to live under this system of khadar.
A 19-year-old girl from Moolait village near Jalaphet village has been raped by two men identified as Lui Bareh and Pyrkhat Chyrmang from Jalaphet village.
Our state is rich in tourism, if we destroy the forests this will destroy the beauty of the state and as we know that tourism is one of the benefits of the children. youth in employment and also the state government earns a lot of revenue from this tourism industry.
On the other hand, the DM of EJH said that although the BSF has worked hard to fight against the border areas, especially in relation to the smuggling of cows and other goods, they will continue to fight against the border areas. This is to prevent the spread of Covid 19 from across the Bangladesh border.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Meghalaya cricket team tied 304 runs before losing all 40 wickets in the first innings of the Ranji Trophy Plate Group final today. against Hyderabad at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium.
Conrad said that this will also be looked into by consultants.
We have requested to postpone the Final Semester examination to April and the results will be announced before the end of April.
They have eyes that are farther away and have stronger purposes.
Shillong, Naitung 1 : MPCC President Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that the political situation in Meghalaya and West Bengal is very different.
“It was sent at 3:30 pm, they said he had an emergency meeting so it was taken to 4 pm. Chief Secretary, for his lack of respect for the deadline for the meeting, this incident should not happen again, he should have enough time when the deadline has been set and not to waste the time of the people. Robert said while talking to reporters at the Secretariat.
Referring to other tourist attractions near Nongstoiñ, the two parts of the Rwiang River such as Mawsetlun, Thupthup Valley and Koh Langheit Valley above Thupthup Valley are extremely beautiful places.
Pynshngaiñ was accompanied by many MDCs of KHADC. Pynshngaiñ said that the bridge will be improved and beautified in the shape of a jri bridge.
Jewish Father and Jewish Village – Silver
He is the God of faith.
Address: M.LAVI, c/o Mrs.Lakyntiew Kharpor, Pdeng Shnong-B, Laitkor Mawrie Lumheh, Shillong, East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya-7 The whole world celebrates World White Cane Day which means the day of the white cane which is the eye of the blind and is used all over the world.
About 200 people took part in the program in New Delhi today and will continue to hold the program in other parts of the country. India.
I'll tell you a story, Through a song, About the disease from the beginning, The story from the beginning.
He said that through the guidance of these two “K&K” it will also inspire other educated and well-off youths to do something for the community through other ways are better.
“With the establishment of this District Secretariat, all the works of various departments will be completed faster and it will help the people in many areas,” he said.
“I appeal to the honorable MPs to follow the rules of the House, not to deceive themselves and to defame the dignity of the House,” said the Speaker of the Rajya Sabha.
When we seek God, we must come with a humble heart before Him. Turn away from evil deeds and turn to the Lord.
Regarding this issue, the union has strongly warned that from now on no one will be allowed to go fishing in the river.
He said that they want to be trained but he does not have the salary because he has to support his family.
If Rahul Gandhi in 2013 had not opposed this decision of the UPA government at that time, his nomination would not have happened at this time.
One of her children read a poem on the service of T.Bn Noel as a father and also the children and grandchildren and family members sang a special song.
The meeting was held at the site of the incident last year.
The HYC has also conducted an inspection with the district authorities and demanded that the site should be evicted.
“Many criticize our goals.
The colorful traditional songs and dances of the people of southern India are beautiful and most importantly, in the land of the Munda people in Jharkhand there are ancient stories. and those who spread the spirit of love of those nations.
The KSU urges all the paradoh parasnam of Jaintia Hills from the villages to the Seiñ Samla to be the leaders and implement their own ILP to curb the illegal entry of foreigners every day.
It would be better, therefore, for the government authorities to arrange these activities on these grounds, not to act in ways that encourage foreigners to enter and leave at will, especially if they are invited by the government authorities.
Ramnath.
At present, the BJP itself will not be able to pass the CAB, as the 245-member Assembly is not staffed.
I said, 'If the house is destroyed, I will not die either.
We strongly urge the government not to be a stumbling block in this regard as it is the right of every citizen and if the Meghalaya government does not allow the AIM to hold this march, that shows that it does not respect the Constitution of India.
In connection with this handball match, there will be a kilo weighing ceremony on the 21st from 10 am to 4 pm at the gallery of Malki Square.
Ranveer, who is the spokesperson for the Premier League in India, feels that he has been appointed as a spokesperson because he has the opportunity to meet their football stars. different groups in England.
Sandra went to buy pork from a shop near the toilet in Motphran.
They said we have a seventh right to protect the land, where we own who banned the coal of the Government of India, who banned the stone of the Government of India, why the District Council cannot fight against The High Court of Meghalaya wants the reconciliation between the state government and the Harijans in Iewmawlong to be held in June.
The Adviser and Innovation of NESFAS, Bah Khrawborlang Wahlang, said that Khweng Village has many types of indigenous crops. It has benefited the farmers greatly and has also made the soil free from chemical pollution.
In these days, writing, criticism and accusations have increased, but people especially politicians as rulers are slow and angry because it is impossible to know exactly, any writing, criticism, Whether it is true or not, as happened three or four years ago about plastic rice.
“Many Khasi have fled the area because they have been persecuted which has prompted the KSU to meet with the CM of Manipur to provide protection to the Khasi in the state,” he said.
During the meeting, the Manager said that the banks are still confused because they have not received a clear answer from the authorities and therefore they have to follow the order issued by the banks. Government of India that citizens should bring their Aadhaar number.
The President of JSM said that if the Pnar students studying in higher secondary schools and colleges in Jaintia Hills need the Reservation Policy, they should leave their schools and colleges voluntarily on the 29th of this month. JCCRP, JSU, JSM, JYF, EJNC, Union of Waheh Shnongs Jowai and Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai to take part in the sit-in demonstration in Jowai. In Jaintia Hills.
In this regard, the Nongpoh Police Station has searched for the vehicle and the driver and is investigating the incident which caused the injury to the student. who according to the law.
Thus Satan (Lucifer) ruled over this evil spirit.
One is because Agatha is in power while Conrad K Sangma is in government,” he said.
Shortly after, the Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Dr Bharati Pravin Pawar, in a meeting with the media, said that the vision of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi , India has grown significantly in terms of income in these remote areas of the country.
Answering a question on the exploitation of food vendors during this time of lockdown to fight against Coronavirus, CEM Titossterwell Chyne said that according to the traders, food items are still available and There is nothing to worry about but at the same time, the price has remained the same since the curfew was imposed in the country and the state.
After receiving a tip, police rushed to the scene and with the help of the residents of Pongkung village, they arrested three persons and the vehicle they were riding. currency.
The meeting was led by Bah Pius Rani Executive Director NESFAS, Merisha Nongrum. The meeting was led by Merisha Nongrum. , Sohra's farmer.
Ampareen said the Indian government's action is a threat to the security forces of the North Eastern states and strongly condemns the deployment of troops in the region.
In this letter, the HNYF Shnong Pdeng Unit has informed the BSF authorities that there has been a terrible smuggling of rice along the border. Bangladesh includes parts of Khasi-Jaintia District.
It is also through the call for understanding, to reach out to the public and to share life experiences that this central theme will give people the courage to participate in preventing this experience or problem.
I don't have anything against them.
“...the Transport Department has failed to select licenses for Weighbridges, to ensure that all Weighbridges and has also failed to collect the annual fee on time. ," said the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) in its report on revenue collection as at October 31,
According to the latest news, the incident was discovered at 4.30 pm on Tuesday, when Bah Selestin Nongsiang went to inform the police.
Those who spoke on the occasion praised Rom Dhar and his family for this good intention of serving the brothers and sisters especially the residents of the area.
At the same time, Bah Ronie said that the claim that MUDA has crossed the border is groundless because the government has created the C&RD Block which means that Upper Shillong falls under the Mylliem Block.
He said that the Council's visit on that day was also to meet with the people to encourage them especially to appeal to the Karbi people as well as the Khasi and other ethnic groups not to produce anything. He said that the CEM and Dy.CEM have also been members of the Boundary Committee of the Government and The Council will hold a meeting to take the opinions of the people who have also received the documents to “The land has been verified by the Committee,” he added.
If any changes occur after the discussions, the Government will consider this issue.
After the forgiveness of sins, God will give the Holy Spirit.
Ukrainian President Vododymyr Zelenskyy says the delay in receiving weapons from neighboring countries has hampered Ukraine's struggle to defend and fight the invasion of Ukraine. in Russia these days.
He hoped that the authorities would take responsibility to look into this with the cooperation of all stakeholders.
“The strike may be due to the closure of the dam because the workers are also from outside Nongstoiñ.
The strike by the teachers within AMSSASTA is to demand the non-payment of four months salary, the area which they have not received for five months and the regularization of the post of teachers. Speaking to media, Bah L Marngar, President of AMSSASTA, said that the government has not explained why the state government has not received the allocation from the government. middle.
He said that it is for this reason that there has been a difference of opinion between the BJP in the state where Shibun said that the arrival of Nalin Kohli is a visit without the knowledge of the party while others The party leaders said that the party is well informed and has ordered all its office bearers to attend the meeting.
This law shall not apply until further notice.
I don't like it and I can leave this country,” he said.
These Hindu groups demanded the removal of all statues of Jesus Christ and Mary as well as crosses from mission schools.
This negligence of the border guards has caused a lot of concern to the people living on the border, because as it is now, entry and exit and working across the border between India-Bangladesh is very easy, because there were too few guards.
Nongstoiñ, July 9: The Auxilium Roilang Institute, Nongstoiñ, today distributed 26 children who have completed their training in the shlem. At the same time, these children have also received Syrnods through the recognition of Radiant Infonet New Delhi.
We can also lose our Khasi identity if we take any personal law and non-Khasis say that we are Khasi and do not follow the rules and regulations,” said Bah Lanong.
There is no point in increasing the number of MDCs without protection,” he added.
In this incident, vehicles from both sides, including those heading to Pynursla and also those coming from Pynursla to Shillong, were stopped.
“Everything has to be done according to the passage of time,” he said.
I don't know if I'm Kanye West, because my father is too stupid.
According to this view, it is clear that the gods and goddesses of the country are together to protect the people who will come and go on that day in peace and harmony.
Mr. John, Chairman, of the Dorbar, also presented to the President of India the White Paper on Indian States, which is the Report of the Ministry of States (now known as the Ministry of Home Affairs). The Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement signed and agreed between the 25 Hima Khasi States and the Dominion of India, and agreed with It was received by the first Governor General of independent India, Shri C Rajagopalachari, on 17th Aug
The match between these four teams was very friendly but the two teams who have never won in this tournament managed to win the match by scoring three points.
In this regard, there will be a meeting of all the Past Pupils on the 23rd of this month at 12:00 pm at Sein Jaintia Hall.
“As a Seng which looks after the welfare of the people of Salonsar, we have no objection to the residents of Sohra area to demand their own district and we fully support those who They will receive this demand from their District.
He said that after the approval in the House, the state government has sought the approval of the Governor and the Governor has sought the opinion of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India.
There are 152 recoveries.
What is needed now is how to strengthen the Sixth Schedule and the powers of the District Council in relation to the authorities, land, boundaries and to protect the customs and traditions. the uniqueness of the Khasi people.
Shillong, Naitung 5: Shillong Lajong beat Boys Sport Company 1-0 in the opening day of the Shillong First Division Football Tournament at the JN Stadium today.
The rivers also became small and narrow.
They also demanded that both the complaints filed by Nintu Kuri against Sordar Bah K Tangsong should be canceled immediately for the sake of the law enforcement agencies.
"“In one of the interviews two years ago, this engineer told the media that the construction of the new parliament is stable even if an earthquake measuring 5 or 6 on the Richter Scale strikes. , but as it appears, even in the storm, the round house has collapsed and affected the taxpayers' money and precious time,” said Bah Kharsyntiew.
Shillong, Lber 23:The Union of Elders of Malai Sohmat Hima today approved the Bill passed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in the Budget Session. you're done.
The same training will be held in Garo Hills on the 25th of this month.
Shillong, July 2: Officials of Meghalaya and Assam have acknowledged that the talks and efforts of the two sides are sufficient regarding the border dispute.
Noting that the Congress has not accepted that it is outside the MDA-2, Bah Kharkrang said, “The Congress' statements are nothing but divisive tactics to destroy the vision, love and the honor that the Prime Minister of the country receives on the international stage.
The two ANLCA members were arrested while they were traveling in a sumo by the SWAT commandos who were conducting a patrol in Songsak village, said the district SP JFK Marak.
Shillong, June 3: The District Election Officer, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, today informed the public that the EVMs have been installed at the Indoor Stadium, JN Complex, Polo, Shillong. The polling stations for East Khasi Hills District (except Sohra Civil Sub-Division) will be sent to various polling stations on the 7th and 8th of this month at 7:30 pm.
Lanong said the government can restrict the powers of district councils only if there are special functions under Para 12 (a) of the Sixth Scheduled.
Therefore, the leader sent a request to all the people as well as the members of the Sengbhalang to cooperate and urged those who wish to take part in the rally to You can come and the organization welcomes everyone.
Most of the time we see that only those who kill animals are punished while those who kill and exterminate other animals mentioned in the Wildlife Protection Act 1972 (trees, flowers, insects, dohum, white throat, long throw, um) are exempt from investigation and arrest.
“People want change.
At the same time, he said that the party is very happy to welcome back Bah Reming to the party after five years of losing him.
JOWAI: The 23rd Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij-12 Daloi Conference was held on Tuesday at Seiñ Raij Muktapur.
Young applicants will be encouraged.
Besides, she said that she should have her own hall if the government helps to build it because until now the filmmakers have to wait if there are no Hindi films.
Unemployment is the most difficult problem to address especially in the State due to the lack of employment opportunities and the lack of various factories.
The suspect had set up a hideout at the residence of foreign workers in Kaimbalam for about 10 and a half months under the guise of a worker.
“They started accusing and accusing each other because there are some of them whose spirit of knowledge has affected them that they understand that they have stolen and robbed the people and that is why. and the people were greatly distressed.
Larijanai Wartde won the first category, Larisha Kharwanniang came second and Teilyntishisha Ramsiej came third in the Under-17 girls category.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday protested against the re-appointment of Puranjan Das as the Chief General Manager of the MTDC on a contractual basis.
In the case of individual sports, those who have reached the top positions in the District Championships, Inter-Education District Level Competitions, Championships organized by the Confederations of Public Schools, CBSE, Kendriya Vidyalayas, Navodaya Vidyalayas , PYKKA and others.
Instead of those words he said, “I will tell the truth even if you hang me for it.” Regarding the proceedings of the trial, Col.
She said that Krai is a strong plant and does not die from diseases or climate change (climate resilient).
Replying to a question in the House, Conrad K Sangma said that the project is an externally aided project and has been inaugurated this month.
“It is necessary and appropriate to have an Aadhar Act,” said the four judges, who have been hearing the case for four months.
Earlier, David said he had ordered his people who wanted to contest the MDC election from the Congress.
According to the residents of Nongtalang, the MRB department, which is supposed to serve the residents of the area, is still closed until these days which has created a difficult situation for the residents especially those who need medical assistance. withdrawal and deposit and other banking related activities.
In matters related to economic development, it will be the responsibility of the Government of India and the State Government to look after especially health, education and other needs.
On the other hand, the audience who saw the film on that day praised it and said that it was beautiful.
The match between South Korea and Uruguay at 6:30 pm ended 0-0
He urged the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills not to be deceived by such political leaders.
Here in the religious school, all religious beliefs are taught, although more importantly, Christianity is taught.
Shillong, Jymmang 08 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Saturday welcomed Mitchel Wankhar, MDC of Laban Mawprem, to the party and announced him as its candidate for the upcoming MLA elections. long in 2023 from Mylliem constituency.
“Therefore, I have sought approval from the Rural Development Department of the Central Government to set up seven more PIUs,” he said.
Kaylee McKeown (Australia), the world's leading swimmer, who has won the Olympic title three times in a row, has now broken the She has set the world record in the 200m Backstroke at the New South Wales State Open Swim Championships.
Moscow said two Israeli F-15 fighter jets flew over Lebanon and fired five missiles, while five were shot down.
U Bah HS Myrthong u u Kitbok that the leaders of the Association will dedicate themselves body and soul and provide good services to all the schools and also to work with all the responsibilities and authorities so that the demands can be met, concluded. Announcement by Bah Standard Myrthong.
Shillong: There have been 170 new cases of coronavirus in the state, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 2,0 after.
“The actions of this Waheh Shnon, Thangskai, besides stealing the doctoral scholarships of the children of Bri U Hynniewtrep, this will also affect our small indigenous people in the future. .
Replying to the allegation that the BJP is a party of small paid and Christians, Shangpliang said that all these are baseless allegations made by other parties just to get support from them. Shillong: U Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Leader and candidate from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah AL Hek, today said that if the BJP can form After the elections, he was confirmed to hold the post of Chief Minister of the state.
“If there is any issue that we don't agree with, we express it to the party, but this doesn't mean that we are divided.
Thank you ShibunDated 29-12-
He said that on the 7th November 2019, there was a vote of confidence in Bah Bosewell, in which Nobelstar Khonglar became the acting Rangbah of Nohwet. Election of a new Rangbah Shnong shall be held in six months.
During these three days, there will also be a competition, a song contest, a story, a speech by the leaders of the Seng Khasi Sein Raij and a cultural performance from various departments of the Seng Khasi Sein Raij. to the light of the nation.
This shows that even non-Khasis have a sympathy for our poor Khasi brothers and sisters.
When asked about this, Passah said the party has decided not to support the political party on related issues.
After that, the top two teams from each group will be selected for the semifinals of the tournament of the five neighboring countries which will be held at the Kanteerava Stadium.
Therefore, as soon as it was announced that the Jews would build the Third Temple, the end came even if they wanted to, but the time was in the hands of God for Israel and for Israel. part of the whole world.
Shillong, October 19: Uma Nath Singh was sworn in as the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court today.
He said that the party will not rest, but will monitor and inform the residents.
This new platform helps to conduct business in a special way such as Fleet Management, Uptime Management, Fuel Management, and other Value-Added Services. car dealers on the frontline and has introduced a number of action steps to ensure operations are transparent, rewarding and there is ongoing engagement and engagement.
The child who has been covered with his head as shown above stands up again inside.
We need to see how the bill is and if it comes out,” he said.
Henry Ford Nongneng (17) and Hardy Cliff Nongbri (55') scored the first goal for Lajong in the 82nd minute. Rangdajied and Arquis Wanniang.
Kharkongor said that the display of banners and banners on government elections will be removed immediately within 24 hours of the announcement of the elections, and in public places. Flags, banners and others will be removed within 48 hours, while in private property they will have to be removed within 72 hours.
Prof GD Sharma, Vice Chancellor, USTM, Dr SK Baruah, WHO Consultant NTEP, G Burgohain, WHO Consultant NTEP, Dr TS Momin DMHO Ri-Bhoi, officers from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, leaders of the Piramal Foundation, school children and other dignitaries.
May this Eastern enlighten us in this difficult time and may it give us the health that will come in the days to come and may it strengthen our struggle against this is a disease.
The launch of the poster of the film was attended by Hilarius Kharbihkhiew, Producer, Kenny Lyngdoh, Director, Vommander Shangpliang, President of MeFILMA. ), Bah Joel Marbaniang SDO of Pynursla Civil Sub Division, Gautam Owner of Bijoy Cinema Hall, tyngshops, purons, musicians, singers and dancers of Wanz Dance Evolution.
Shillong, Nailur 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today visited the Iewduh at 5 pm.
“Bhalang, come here,” called the mother.
Also, the President of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement Jaintia Zone, Bah Shaniahlang Suchen, who is one of the leaders of the National Movement of Jaintia Hills, who took part in the protest and march held on 24/9/ “On our part, we as the Sengbhalang who took part in that protest, we express our remembrance to those souls who died five years ago and we also send our condolences to the u sent a message of condolences to the family members, at that time the protest of the Sengbhalang and the people was on the grounds that the government through the National Green Tribunal had issued an order ban ban the smuggling and trading. dewiong, so the people are sad about this order because they understand that they will lose their livelihood, they will lose the opportunity to send their children to school, so they left their homes. HANM has been firing widely and two people have been killed and seven others have been injured. The government should provide assistance to those who still need to go for treatment, because until now they can no longer work and the shooting has caused many problems in their homes, so the The government should provide a monthly pension to the two seriously injured persons so that it can help the family to send their children to school. I appeal to the government not to take action against the people because the people have the right to fight for their own needs. “It doesn't affect the family and the people,” said the HANM leader from Jaintia Hills.
The Seng promises that if it finds out, it will not allow and will take strong action and urges the people involved in this crime to come forward or apologize.
“Replying to a question, the Minister said it was part of the investigation after the allegation of her involvement in the election campaign.
Nongstoin: Speaking at a public meeting in Nongstoin, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said that the revenue collection and revenue generation of the government has increased by 20 percent in the past year.
The farmer who relies on the seller or trader also suffers from mental illness because the crop or jhur that should have been harvested or harvested does not want to harvest and dies, so does the trader if he cannot sell the crop. cultivate at the right time the jhur rots and dies and causes great losses.
Abhishek Banerjee said, “Meghalaya needs a true leader who can stand and fight for the people and for the good, not to be intimidated by the masters of the houses. please travel in Delhi and Guwahati.
These houses and areas have been placed under the Micro Containment Zone from the 13th to the 23rd of this month.
In another part of his speech, Bah Donbok Dkhar, President of HITO Central Body, said that HITO is not afraid and does not insult anyone. The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, recently said, “The HITOs are unemployed people,” said the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma. .
On the day of the visit, it was seen that the MLA, village leaders, school teachers and others took the opportunity to submit petitions to the villagers. Head of Government of Meghalaya.
He said that teachers from urban and suburban areas have complained that they have not been able to pay and provide for their household needs while teachers from rural areas have complained that they have not been able to pay for their household expenses. to repair old houses that have been destroyed as well as if sick family members find it very difficult to go to good health centres.
When Kiang Nangbah heard those stories of his mother, he became brave and his whole body trembled and squeezed his teeth saying that he did not let these people rule over this beloved land of mine.
Hamebandap War top scored for the team with 43 runs from 28 balls.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong Juniors have moved up to the top of the table with 10 points from four games.
He said that according to the Narcotic and Psychotropic Substance Act 1985 and Section 52A of the Central Government, the damage and breaking of the seized drugs and subsections 2, 3 and 4 of the Act. The section also mentions how to break, damage and burn drugs to avoid environmental damage, or stealing and reuse and so on.
“He said that Prestone went only four times before the elections to meet the people but he won 8,000 votes.
But you must not cross the river by boat.
The Farmers Act, which was passed in November 2021, will allow farmers to sell their produce across the country without relying on merchants.
As a State we have only 3 MPs in Parliament (2 Lok Sabha and 1 Rajya Sabha).
According to the officer, the price of tyrpad leaves has also increased slightly and the price of rice has also increased.
“I admit that the delay in announcing the candidates for this election whether from Shillong or Tura, will seriously affect the party.
She will compete for the first time at the Asian Championships and expresses her hope that she will win a gold medal in the future, said her coach Vikas, who is also a disabled player.
He said the state government has invited all political parties to discuss this important issue.
Speaking to media after the announcement of the results of the elections to the Legislative Assembly, Dr.C Lyngdoh said that at this stage of the elections, the It will be more effective to transform Umsning Constituency and development projects.
“Shyrkhei tengteng, because we say these children don't know anything yet, IM Syiem said, “It's a shame that these children don't know anything yet. 10 and 11 years old but they knew about dirty work and they also touched bad drinks.
Activities such as Swasth Balak Spardha (Child Health Competition) aim to create competition for the provision of nutritious food and well-being.
“We are very happy to have fulfilled our promise to the people of Chokpot.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, in reply to a question by Dr. Mazel Amapreen Lyngdoh, from the Congress party, said that regarding the land at Barik, the intention is to build a The iconic infrastructure of the PWD Complex in Barik has not been completed yet and the government has not yet taken any action.
On the 24th of July, the Seng Khasi Mylliem in the presence of the Sengbah, the Lyngdoh of the Raid Mylliem, left for Mylliem to inaugurate the foundation stone of the Seng Khasi Mylliem. kpep Thangbriew but when they reached the place there were groups who tried to open the door so the Seng Khasi completed only the ritual and left but later they learned that the foundation stone has been laid. The sacrificial lamps placed in the shrine were burnt and the plastic cover of the foundation stone was burnt.
JOWAI: The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District has celebrated the 150th birth anniversary of the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi with a cleanliness drive.
Shillong: The Public Works Department (PWD) (Roads) of the State Government is ready to try to clean up the roads with plastic cell technology. Shella area and Syntein road in Mawsynram will start with this new project.
However, many parents in the rural areas send their children to school without a target.
However, the initiative of the NEIPF has fulfilled our wish,” said Suchen.
Acknowledging that the State has improved significantly in the health services, Phagu said the Government has improved 109 health centers and 19 new ones to ensure the welfare of the people in around the State.
The four persons have been sent to Judicial Custody.
He also learned that after the last winter session that they had those licenses to operate casinos, he and the party as a whole were shocked.
A little bit we have just turned to the CROSS In Roman times the cross was a symbol of sin, rejection and humiliation, and the Lord's suffering on the cross can be said to be a low and painful death. which was extremely shameful, because the Roman government at that time considered it to be the execution of thieves and robbers, as it is now.
Matthew 24:6-7.
This destruction of forests and the depletion of mineral resources has also caused the waters and rivers to lose their beauty and cause more warming in the world.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that the election for the Rajya Sabha MP from Meghalaya will be held on 26th October
“The LORD looked down from heaven upon the children of men, to see if there were any that did understand, that did seek God” Psalm 14:2
“This demand for a change in the appointment quota is a matter of ignition and it depends on the willingness of the leaders to stop it, but if the Ministers come out, Rakkam A Sangma, who doesn't give fire will turn into fire but we need ministers who have a clear mind to talk about this issue, with a vision it will not happen but if you get a minister There is no fire, without a fire in the state.
Tura, Iaiong 2 : The Association for Democracy and Empowerment (ADE) has urged the government not to strike for their salaries while the government is silent. to threaten the teachers in such and such ways because they are fighting in a peaceful manner and for their rights.
These pigs cost about 6000 tyngka per female and 6500 tyngka per male.
These entry and exit points include Khanduli, Byrnihat, Meridor, Mendipara and Mirjungla among others.
A day before leaving the city to take part in the U-19 Women's One Day Tournament, the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has congratulated the women's players of the state. Tuesday in this city.
However, if a Khasi is the Prime Minister, the government doesn't last, because there is too much discrimination between the Khasi and from now on they should have a Garo as the Prime Minister, except if the Khasi Pnar people have turned against him. mean.
The Shillong Press Club urges the district authorities and the police department to take action against this incident according to the rules of law,” said the statement.
“In the JHADC, the Executive Committee was led by the UDP but now it has changed, and it was led by the NPP but this has nothing to do with the government,” he said.
However, when the police arrived, they shot several times with plastic bombs; and the multitude began to disperse from the place.
A Cultural Organization requested him to comment on the above issues and he did so.
Pastor Basa Iawmoit said that the Government of India has passed the Aadhar Number Bill in the Parliament. He said that the passage of the Bill is unconstitutional and against the Constitution of the country.
Earlier, Bah Mawlieh gave an example that like coal, many factories in the state use it to generate electricity to produce their goods.
"During the Open Day, the children showcased their talents including singing, dancing, beatboxing, poetry and storytelling, speed cubing, martial arts and art & craft.
Debate – Saidnia in which the Members of the Legislative Assembly took part in a debate on social issues in the state.
Pathaw said that according to the 6th Schedule, only the appointment of a Judge has been appointed by the EC and approved by the Governor. .
Through this order, the teachers have moved from the area to sit in the back of the Additional Secretariat.
“I want young musicians to take advantage of technology and reach another level in the field of music.
Shillong: Two months before the preparation for the election to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, on the 5th July 2023; Three MLAs and one government minister have resigned from their posts and handed over their resignation letters before the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
It is such household chores that have calmed the heart of the Khasi and once the household chores have been done, they cannot rise again.
Whether it wins or loses, it has allowed Meghalaya to qualify.
It may be recalled that on the directive of the Department of Consumer Affairs, the NCCF and NAFED have started the purchase of sohsaw from mandis in Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Maharashtra for sale in areas where sohsaw is needed in which inflation was the highest in the past month.
Shillong: The UDP leader from Mawphlang constituency, Bah Rangshap Kurbah, has strongly criticized the leader of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Ardent Basaiawmoit.
Khliehriat, Nailar 16: The 75th Independence Day of the country was celebrated in East Jaintia Hills District today. MLA Kyrmen Shylla came to unfurl the flag and perform the Rashtriya Salute at the parade of 26 contingents including the contingent of the MLP, NCC, scouts and Guides with various schools within the district.
Argentina have played against India earlier after Nicolas Otamendi headed Lionel Messi's corner kick into the match between Argentina and Venezuela at the Salt Lake Stadium. Kolkata, but now there may be a difference because Argentina are the world champions.
With this victory on Saturday, Ryntih have earned 17 points but are still in fourth place and 10 points behind Langsning FC and Rangdajied United FC. on Saturday, the game in which it started was evenly matched.
The HYC's statement came after the President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang, who is also a member of the Regional Committee West Khasi Hills, said in one of the English newspapers, “ I don't see anything wrong or that we have lost many places.
DC Ri Bhoi District RM Kurbah with District officials from Assam at a meeting in Nongpoh.
“As part of encouraging KAS in the struggle for the recognition of the Khasi language in Article 5 of the Constitution of India, the Department of Arts and Culture of the State Government has allocated 5000 Square Feet. “We have asked KAS to build an office inside the Tribal Research Institute premises at Mawlai Iewrynghep opposite the CRPF headquarters,” said Bah Paul.
He said that the upheaval in India but he does not know where it will lead because the persecution has come upon the Christians in Assam and he does not know what the Christians will face while they are still living. pass the days of the years.
Therefore, as the village, when it sees that the building has been abandoned without being implemented, it cannot refuse to take it back to the village, so that it can be used for any purpose that the village needs. Therefore, you will not be able to do anything bad in the future.
In human understanding, we can understand that God allows evil because He saw a good world by allowing it, rather than eliminating it.
Shillong, July 04: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has announced that it will not invite guest professional players from the state. part of the 2023-24 Ranji Trophy season, but has chosen to allow and select all its own players to represent the state in this tournament.
Pralhad Joshi, Minister of Parliamentary Affairs, today said that it has been decided to convene a special session of Parliament from 18th to 22nd July 2023 for five days. you are sitting in the council.
During the patrol, the BSF troops found a cremation site, which has just been dug, near the signboard, which is believed to have been dug by the smugglers, as this is the place. , which is rife with cattle trafficking.
Warlarpih said the decision to reopen the cow meat shops was taken after the union received a letter from the Ministry of Agriculture of the state government ordering that all cow meat shops should be slaughtered. they must be examined by doctors before they are slaughtered and before the butchers buy them from the market.
For the winners of the tournament, the organizers also awarded cash prizes and souvenirs.
It is shameful and expresses the rightness of how the officers who prepared and the leaders who discussed in the House have already informed the Government of India to prevent the entry of the Khasi language into the Khyrnit Baphra.
The time will expire in seconds.
I don't want you to come.
The first match was between Sportive Juniors and Golflinks CC. Sportive Juniors won the toss and elected to bat first and completed the 20 overs to reach 187 runs. wicket.
She also reminded that the existence of these SHGs has transformed many families, villages and at the same time it has allowed and encouraged women to come forward and share the burden. of society society.
He urged the people to join and support the VPP for a brighter future.
However, the VPP wants to educate the people to bring unity in the villages and the nation.
to start a slate quarry at Brishynot village, East Jaintia Hill District.
Proverbs 31:30.
The HYC and Hima Nonglang are ready to protest without limits.
Taking money to cast our vote is like selling the power and authority that others who don't have it want and even buying it at a reasonable price.
The state government has convened a meeting of all political parties on the 19th to discuss the roster system.
Therefore, all MLAs should take responsibility.
The question arises which of those two cases caused or initiated such a riot in Laitumkhrah.
It also directed the CISF to identify or appoint one or more persons to look after the case by appointment and said, “These security personnel should receive a letter of appointment from Justice Katakey and in the presence of Together with the State Leaders, they will look into the locations and requirements for the installation of these 10 pyrtons”.
The number of cases in Andhra Pradesh has risen to 1,183 and in Telangana to 1,0
Shilong, Nailur 8: The Sengbhalang has announced a 10 hour night curfew from 7 pm to 5 pm from 10th to 13th of this month for four days. .
When asked why the Meghalaya Medical Recruitment Board has not allowed the examination to be conducted, the union said that there are many youths from the state who have completed their medical studies. The opening of up to 170 posts will allow them to fill these posts if only Meghalayans are recruited.
He went to meet the woman and asked her if she was clean and unclean. The woman told him that she wanted to sell it because she wanted to build a floor on the house where she lived. .
Lapang recalled that during his tenure as Minister of Home Affairs, there was a protest against the Congress government and the people burnt down his house in Jaiaw. his son's shop, near Dinam Hall, but he continued to be with the Congress party; He said that when the AICC wants to replace him as leader and hand over to Bah JD Rymbai and Mukul Sangma, he will remain with the party. He said that he has continued to serve with the Congress party for the past 50 years.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, an NPP MDC said that the talks with these two Congress MDCs have already progressed and all that remains now is to welcome them in order to strengthen the party. NPP in these constituencies for the 2014 MDC elections.
Conrad said the Government has decided to clean and revive all the rivers in the State.
