The State Reservation Policy (SRP) has been announced by the Government of Meghalaya, Personnel Department (N0).
Shkyeh and Pyniaid Singh.
You don't have to be allowed to do anything.
Nongpoh: U Bah Alfred Lyngdoh, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi Sepngi, on Tuesday said that the HYC Ri Bhoi Sepngi (HYC) is deeply saddened by the illegal coal trucks passing through the road from Umrit to Umling. The movement of coal trucks has disrupted the traffic of the people and especially through this movement of trucks, has deteriorated the road from Umling to Umrit, which is also a very important road from Umling to Umrit. for the people living in Ri Bhoi West.
“In fact, as the police patrolling in the area, we work hard and strictly monitor the entry of foreigners into the state, but those who provide documents, we have to allow “Except for those who don't have the necessary documents, we have to send them back to the place where they came from,” said Bah I.Iawphniaw.
Shillong, July 20: The North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) today released the results of the 1st Year Bachelor of Arts (11869) examination. 5386 and the pass rate was 45.38 percent.
From East Khasi Hills, Nongkrem, Mylliem, Mawphlang, South Shillong and Pynthor.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that the issues discussed today were on the visit of the Minister of Home Affairs to Shillong on the issue of border resolution. He said that the electricity department has been involved in the social welfare department.
“Unfortunately, the political parties have refused to take responsibility for the renewal of the policy for their own benefit.
“We had planned and prepared to send a team to Imphal, but our Secretary General has advised us not to leave because it is not the right time.
On the other hand, Erwin K Sutnga, in his speech, urged the people to come to Shillong on the 12th of this month to strongly oppose the proposal of the Government to amend the Sixth Scheduled. .
The Kur through Macmillan Kharbani General Secretary of the Kharbani Sengkmie, said that the meeting agreed to give full support to Violin Kharbani, mother of Macborn Bonnyson and her family until that they may receive righteousness.
The search for the full time Publicity Secretary of the party is ongoing.
Similarly, 53 areas with wetlands will be monitored by the Wetland Authority and more than 60 rivers will no longer be included under the jurisdiction of the Expert Committee.
The meeting also urged the indigenous people of the North East to be vigilant and to create measures to curb the infiltration of foreigners as this will hinder the growth of the country. you have received the court of the paid riewlum.
Shillong: The state government has appointed more than 10 IAS and 10 MPS officers in the state police department ahead of the elections.
Another surprising thing is that so far, there has been no preparation for the MDC elections in Jaintia Hills and Khasi Hills.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the purpose of this meeting was to discuss the major changes that the Government has taken in the working of the Education Department.
He said that the management committees and college sponsors have to work together with the government to ensure that the NEP can be fully implemented in the schools.
Therefore, according to the objections of the government officials especially Bah FR Kharkongor together with the Riti Academy Union, it was decided to build a statue that reaches to the top because of the location in Dhaka. after they had looked at the house, and there was no place left for them to build.
If you think that AI & ML can have the same intelligence as humans or more than humans, who will give us jobs, because we as human beings need food, holidays and social life, while machines don't need all these"“The topic relates to the prevention of our parents or family members from starting a job or working. It is because in their time there were many jobs especially for the intellectuals, it means that the jobs have already been given to those who study but now it has become a job in our time. .
They said that immediately after the last election, the minister spoke to the media and said that she had passed a degree from Yale University in the US. This is the poll affidavit.
Samla Syiem and Gashnga, the leaders of the union, said that although the Department of Telecom (DOT) of the CM has already laid down rules to ban the installation of mobile towers in public places, However, it is surprising that many companies and the telecom department of the state government have violated the rules by building mobile towers in public places.
He is 5 feet 9 inches tall and his real name is Mahi and he belongs to the Rajput clan.
However, many disagree with this statement, because, when they have carefully compared those events related to those evils, especially to look at the Holocaust of the Jews (1941-1945/6million Jews and million other people killed), the Ukrainian Holocaust (1932-1933/3 million), the Bengal Famine in India (1943/3.8 million) and so on.
In Babylon the Israelites lived as slaves and there was much oppression, persecution and slaughter.
In the last Mangtyngka Dorbar, the only party that declared itself as the Opposition Party was the VPP, which has led the government from the right and left.
For I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance” (Matthew 9:13).
In fact, the UGC should have done something from the moment the Governor issued the order against the CMJ University.
Suchitra Mochary, who has License No.11717001000248, is also a foreigner.
“Many of the customers from the rural areas are ignorant and don't know how to apply.
At the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, the HYC leader said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has directed the DC to convene an urgent meeting tomorrow with various departments. diverse.
“Good morning, my lord the king,” said the miaw to the rakot.
The tournament was conducted by Samla Repleaseme Phalangki in the presence of the Presidents, Secretaries and Religious Leaders of various departments of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij as well as the BDO of Umsning Block and Bhoi Rymbong Sub-Division Raju Brah. .
PUBG has announced the launch of PUBG Mobile India, which is designed for players in India.
This will also be the first ever BCCI tournament for girls under 15 years.
Furthermore, it was found that if there is an earthquake in the houses, but if there is no collapse in the wall or any part of the house, even if the stone or the earth has fallen. household, such are also not included in the relief.
This is Rohit Shetty's third film to gross more than Rs 200 crore.
He said that the main reason for their meeting with the DC was on the announcement on 9th June, 2022 issued by the Revenue & Disaster Management Department, Shillong that the land in Kakergora, Rajapara. , Jamaduar, Rangasora, Karaigora, Munaisora, and according to the Preliminary Notification, the Syiem has acknowledged that it is the land of the Hima. It is true that this land belongs to the Sawkpoh Maharam Kur.
The deadline for submission of marksheets and admit cards will be on the 27th of this month.
Among them, the Congress has re-elected incumbent MDC Jansing Tynsong, Ryngkat Lyndem from the UDP, Samson Suting from the HSPDP and Johnson Lyngdoh as independent candidates.
He said that even in the state there is a sense of fear of the indigenous people and the AITC will provide special protection to them, said Abhishek.
Longshisha Syrpuh scored the first goal for West Madan Mustem.
Hari Sarkar, who claims to have been in the Borsora market for 18 years, has alleged that the SI has threatened his life just because he was smuggled by a Delhi trader Dilbag. Nashier.
There was also a discussion between the government officials of the Ministry of Agriculture and the Farmers' Welfare Group. He also encouraged the farmers to come forward and test their soil to determine which varieties are suitable for planting so that they can increase the yield of the soil. rep you ring.
The woman said that the man shot and beat her and cut off her hair and threatened her with harsh words.
Mawkyrwat, July 20: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Mawkyrwat, today announced that according to the decision of the Public Welfare Department, the Government of India will distribute foodgrains to AAY and PHH. beneficiaries free of charge from July, 2023 to November,
Nongpoh: Two Longkmie and one Rangbah, have been humiliated by being thrown tin and sent to march inside Umrit village, after they were accused of involvement in activities They are called 'Menaiksuid'
He said that many of the residents of Nongpoh are complaining about the overcrowding in Nongpoh, where there are no parking spaces and even the service road has been destroyed. “If the weighbridge is installed, it will cause more problems to the passengers,” said Bah Rayonald Kharkamni.
The Catholic Church of Shillong today held a service for the deceased at the Catholic Cemetery around the area including the Catholic Cemetery, Cathedral Parish.
Finally, he congratulated the parents who attended the event and witnessed the talents of their children through their performances in various fields. different and which was also beyond what as parents expected to see their ability to perform publicly.
In the view of the MDA government, the newly established Private Schools and SSA Schools are better than the old schools because they have become like vehicles in the last 4 or 5 years. can fly much faster than traditional cars.
Not only that, the organization proposes to set up a free alcohol bar for the public in Vienna.
Nongpoh, Lber 21: The Shillong Chamber Choir (SCC), one of the leading choirs in the state, has organized a program to improve the livelihood of farmers in Ri Bhoi District. For the first time, she will visit Nongpoh on the 23rd of this month at Pahamsyiem Nongpoh Square, to sing songs to raise funds for the poor farmers of Ri-Bhoi.
“The government should know that we are not foreigners, we are indigenous people, I hope that all the names will be released. They are the owners of the village,” said Wanbor.
RSS ideology is overflowing.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Sangma said he is ready to explain to them how the state will become rich in money in five years if the BJP and UDP want it.
With this victory, Langsning have reached the final of the tournament and Shillong Lajong will have to face any winner between Rangdajied United and Malki on the 24th.
"Long, why do you want to feel like you're poor?" asked Kong Dapmiar. Kong Lumspah said, “Yes, I'm poor...” Kong Dapmiar said.
It is not known whether these people are from Meghalaya or Assam, as the area is close to Assam. I'm from Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, Hek said, “We will decide, we will discuss after the announcement of the election date”.
Shillong: U Winnerson D Sangma (Congress) from Salmanpara, today asked in the State Legislative Assembly, “Whether the covid-19 cases are not present in the past few days, or in the days from Monday to Monday. When the Prime Minister did not clarify, Sangma asked again, “Whether the covid-19 virus doesn't enter the village in the past few days”.
Nongbri has sent his resignation letter to the President of the Block Congress Committee, Shillong.
In this regard, Bah Adelbert said that as a responsible person, he has decided not to lodge a complaint against the allegation of misuse or theft of funds allocated by the Central Government to Meghalaya. Bah Adelbert urged the law enforcement authorities to investigate into this matter as this misuse or theft of money is illegal under many provisions of the IPC. He said that the state has turned into a burden and now the term of office of the Government has ended and the Executive and Legislative have failed.
“The meeting discussed the border issues on the concerns expressed by the friends but there was no suggestion to re-sign the MoU,” he said.
Why do I say that because when I go to buy medicine, it doesn't cost more than 250 tyngka.
“This morning, seven GNLA members attacked ASAK members in the village,” Marak said.
Meanwhile, Nikki Pradhan, Udita, Ishika Chaudhary and Monika have been included as defenders.
They include Fullshai Myrboh, Ebhameki Warjri, Daomanmi Mynsong, Lefferson Ryndong, Banshanskhemkupar Nongkhlaw, Pyniohnam Myrboh and Steven.
He also spoke about the opening of the Freedom Fighter Museum two years ago.
After this there was no prophet to prophesy because there came a time of silence of God for about 400 years.
The company has not improved or repaired the wells or crematoria and it is a serious threat to the public especially to the school children who have to pass through the road.
Shillong, Lber, 12: The Harijan Panchayati Committee (HPC) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah requesting him to take action on the issues of Them Metor. in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya, the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) and various groups.
Lamphrang Khymdeit was elected as the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary, Philimon Nongpoh, Assistant Secretary and Snarwell Timung, Finance Secretary. Bijotman Nongkseh, Treasurer, Protector Syiem, Auditor, Stateman Mawphniang and Bah Aiborlang Timung, Statistician and nine Executive Members.
He said the strength of democracy will depend on the strength of the judiciary.
These figures show that some of the areas have already been completed and some are still in progress and therefore the figures may change in the coming hours.
In my opinion, those who count zero are only human beings, God doesn't care about anyone.
On the other hand, Prof. Sinha, who met with the leaders, promised to convey this issue and the neglect of the Seng Khasi schools to the State Government and the Central Government as well. , the statement said.
He said that the people of Ranikor, who have more than 30,000 votes, do not like Martin M Danggo, because in the election he received 11,000 votes while those who opposed him had more than 16,000 votes.
In the evening, an awards ceremony was held at the Tpep-Pale Hall in the presence of RV Lyngdoh, CEO of JMB as the Chief Guest.
Well, that man has blessed me with the words of your mother,” said Peter to his mother.
KHADC – Musical ShukiJoannes JTL Lamare, Kynton-U-Mon, NongkremThere is a saying, “He who wants to rich will fall into the pit”.
This meeting was held after a visit by the union on 5th April 2023, during the inspection the union also met with the Medical Superintendent of MCH Jowai and on behalf of He also said that there are still many shortcomings inside the hospital.
The Meghalaya Games to be held in Tura are scheduled to start from 15th July to 20th July.
Panah replied, “That can't happen to me... How can I do it again?
Pravin Bakshi, Commissioner & Secretary to the Governor, said that the programme, which used to be held at his residence, will not be held for the same reason.
MTC Chairman Hopeful Bamon today called an emergency meeting with the Corporation officials and strongly condemned the incident.
He said that as part of the promotion of Fit India, the government has also included yoga and traditional sports.
Those who violate this law shall be punished according to the law.
Shillong, Naitung 14: U Bah Yougesh Nongrum, General Secretary of the RBYF Nongpoh Unit, has been arrested on charges of involvement in the detonation of petrol bombs and explosives. The RBYF (RBYF) has been questioned for another 10 days by the police after the Additional District Magistrate (ADM) arrested him. I was born yesterday.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “I am deeply saddened by the government's lack of action to address these issues of teachers within various groups including the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM).
Nongpoh: Speaking to the people at Umrit, Patharkhmah, Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Minister in charge of PWD, on Tuesday said that Ri Bhoi District will soon become a Up to 4 most important roads in the District will be reconstructed.
Jesus did not view them as signs of the last days, but as signs that disturbed the mind and called him to a great mission to build, to restore. and to restore the divine image to mankind and the universe.
last election you just bought the votes of the people how do you dare to say that they support you, if people from Mawhati come to ask for help you say that you can't help because you paid the people of Mawhati in the last electionDang you don't have money and you don't have any benefits.
The types of food include Wow Chow and Rum Pum from Nepal, Coke from Singapore, Wai Wai from Assam, Yippie and Yummy from Ri Bhoi.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong, on Tuesday said that government employees should come to work from the 15th of this month and this will be only 50% per day. should arrange for their attendance.
On the other hand, the residents of the village and surrounding villages have been angry over the failure of the Jio Tower in Kongthong village, where the network has been out of service for many days. and now for more than a month they have not received a network at all which has caused a lot of trouble to the people.
The bridge is located before the All India Radio office and all vehicles have been banned from passing through this road until the construction of the bridge is completed.
What is more surprising is that the muster roll employees who have been dismissed since 2015, but have been shown to have been paid their salaries when the department has said that it does not have the money and other benefits. The Director of Sericulture, CK Marak, could not give a clear answer to the question. RTI. He apologized for the difficulties faced by the muster roll workers as it was not done by chance but by chance.
Regarding her resignation from the PTI, she said that it was all of her own free will and she did not want to participate in the activities of the PTI. they sent her away.
What is surprising is that as we have seen in the past few days, the Assam Police have even dared to expel the Meghalaya Police from Psiar.
“You won 11 MLAs in the last election in fact you should have set a rule before you supported the MDA because you promised to the people to speak and do something on the issue. “The VPP has a reservation policy but because the people were used before the elections without any rules, they have blindly supported the government,” said Bah Ardent. regarding the Reservation Policy and Roster System implemented in Jaïaw.
I think many of you have seen it on the internet.
Hek said that at the Diagnostic Centre, patients can undergo MRI, CT Scan, Ultra Sound, X Ray and various blood tests free of charge. currency.
The project initially covers 40 Himas/Elaka including Mawphlang, Lyngiong, Sohra, Mylliem, Nongspung, Nongkhlaw, Nonglwai, Pamsanngut, Mawbeh and Laitkroh. Umiam Sub-Watershed, Mawphlang Hima.
The order comes two months after the Standard Operation Procedure for coal mining in Meghalaya was launched.
The vehicle was damaged and police are investigating the incident.
He said that the Director of School Education and Literacy, Ambrose CH Marak, has said that he is ready to meet with the teachers to discuss the government's plan to take over the post of non-government school teachers in the state. .
People don't come to church or office late because there is no punishment.
Here in the world we have our own jobs that we do and hold, such as farmers, traders, school teachers, quarrymen, shopkeepers. , various merchants, nurses, pharmacists, drivers, pilots, government and defense personnel such as soldiers and many other ways of life here on earth.
They settled across different parts of Meghalaya whether in Khasi, Jaintia or Garo Hills.
In the next match between Mynsngat and SCSC Nonglatem, the match ended in a 1-1 draw.
Remembering and praying to God will encourage us in all aspects from farming, trade, inheritance and literacy to grow, grow and prosper.
Overall, all those who joined with the intention of serving the people and the State and working through the party.
The Delhi Jal Board (DJB) has issued an order to impose a fine of T.2000 on anyone who releases water.
The Sikh Association of Italy has appealed to the Akal Takht Jathedar, the world's largest Sikh organization, to take action against the The Sikh faith forbids taking Guru Grant Sahim outside the Gurudwara.
There were 16 men and women in the U-18 Boys & Girls Football.
It may be recalled that on 25th October, HANM had demanded from the Labor Department through the media to clarify the distribution of notices to Khasi shops to register their shops. HANM President Bity Jyrwa and Secretary B. Sungoh have opposed the issuance of the notice, saying that Khasi shops do not need to register, and only need the approval of the Rangbah. Village.
“In this regard, the MTU has gone to talk to the cement companies to demand from these companies that even if they buy trucks, they should give them the right to of the state owners should not be removed and should be given a share of 85%.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Arts and Culture, Social Welfare, Textiles, Tourism and Camelia Doreen Lyngwa, Director of Social Welfare Government of Meghalaya, Dr. Sumarbin Umdor HOD. Economics, NEHU and others were invited.
Speaking at the meeting, Bhoumik said that the central government is determined to empower people with disabilities and is working hard to achieve the goal of the Prime Minister to provide services to the people. all the people.
The Sub Inspector, Lad Rymbai Police Outpost, Bah D.Warjri, spoke and explained on the rules of driving. road, speeding, overtaking “to avoid collision, to avoid any tragic incident, to avoid traffic jam, Drivers should strictly observe the traffic rules, park their vehicles in parking lots, and those driving two wheelers should wear helmets. helmet).
He said that his duty as President is not to join hands or to leave anyone who criticizes him but his duty is to inform the AICC as it happens and as it happens. “My job as President is to support my own party,” he said.
Charles, who is also the Congress MLA from Nongthymmai constituency, said that he has also sought clarification from the department why T.85.89 lakh has been spent on the construction of the bridge in Mawkyrwat.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Useless drugs have been smuggled into the well near Ganesh Das Hospital, Lawmali, Shillong.
Shillong: There have been 18 new cases of covid-19 confirmed in Shillong today. Victor Sangma, 47, of Madan Laban, who died at Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital, Shillong; Dewala Mani Mishra, 40, of Hills Cement, Shillong, passed away.
The covid19 pandemic has made life miserable and it will take a long time for us to recover in terms of income, unemployment, health, education and so on. .
However, it was said that these surviving police officers are still in grave danger as their injuries are no longer serious.
“It took only 10 minutes for them to elect me as the leader of the PP,” said Bah Metbah, adding that this shows the unity and confidence of all the MLAs.
He will be the giver of strength, support, disciple, teacher, encourager to his children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren and to his family and also to the longkur longjait.
Therefore, he expects and hopes that this district will produce many such talented people in many fields.
The night curfew will not apply to government employees, police and army, health workers, pharmacies, grocery stores, employees of MeECL, NEEPCO. , Power Grid, FCI, PWD, PHE and Shillong Municipal Board, food distributors, petrol pumps and journalists.
Therefore, on 21st June, 2023, the High Court has ordered a new inquiry by the District Judge, Ri-Bhoi to determine whether there has been any payment of money. real estate agent and how much that maximum payment is.
He questioned why the VPP leader has not come out in the past to demand the Reservation Policy, from 2008 to
Conrad congratulated the people of Dadenggre Constituency who have placed their trust in James Sangma for his work and also for being a responsible leader.
It is also sad to hear the voice of these casual workers in the Horticulture Department at Dewlieh, as they have expressed that besides receiving less salary, but also the salary set, which can also be said that it was the cause of the problems they face as Casual Workers.
When it is the season to harvest their crops, they have to spend time to harvest, pack and song in byrni, khoh ki polo and to carry them in vehicles whether they are their own or foreign vehicles. get sold in the market.
I am happy that as a leader I have been able to deliver schemes to all the 36 villages in the constituency,” he added.
Thank you very much and we pray that God will bless you at all times.
Only the nine villages near Dawki, Bah Kongwang said, have different ways of speaking and speak their own languages. Jaintapur speak Jowai, and in their own language.
The players of both the schools played hard in the first half to score but until the end no one could score.
In Meghalaya, 337.86 kilometers of roads worth T.2243.59 crore from Nongstoin to Domiasiat, Umiam to Shillong, Ranikor to Baghmara, Mawthabah to Ranikor and Nongstoin to Cheragaon have been inaugurated. They also approved the construction of the two-vehicle road from Nongstoin to Domiasiat via Wahkaji, which is 61.57 kilometers long and costs T.355.10 crore.
The State Police today said that they will continue to do their job, in accordance with the order of the National Green Tribunal, to ban the mining of coal in the state.
She works in Bangalore and plans to complete her studies in Psychology.
The new Khasi song, “Bang eh Saphi” has been released recently and is sung by Sanjay Singh Mawkon.
Besides Farhan and Shraddha, other actors in Rock On 22 who will perform in the state include Pracha Desai and Arjun Rampal and the film will be directed by Shujaat Saudagar.
Music can also unite people in any field to achieve a goal.
Nongpoh: Pahamrioh Football Club has won the Inter Village Football Tournament, organized by Mawpdeng Sports Club and RBYF Mawlein Unit, after beating Lucky Football Club. The team won 2-1 against Mawlein.
Shillong, Jymmang 15 : Hurldles CC continued to win the 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) on Tuesday.
When asked on the 25th of June, he said, “I cannot say or say anything now but you will see only on the 6th or 7th what will be the change in the world”.
I have read an article entitled, 'Church in Jaintia Hills' has been closed down in U Mawphor, 16th June 2016 which is the church of the Church of God M&A. I don't have a majority.
The Khasi Hills District Council has nominated 18 MLAs, the Garo District Council has nominated 16 MLAs and the Jowai District Council has nominated four MLAs.
Ltd and M/S Triveni Earth Movers Pvt.
If we pay the permit fee and tax to the Government, we have to pay the App fee to the companies because they charge the per capita income.
To give them their right hand and their left hand, in any way, and our strength.
As part of the celebration, the SCAA will honor 19 students who have brought honor to the college by passing well in the MBOSe and NEHU examinations. well it will be in the middle of the day.
According to information received recently and through the measures taken by the Ministry of External Affairs, a team from the Government of India has confirmed the safe arrival of these citizens of the State into Egypt.
Please show us the writings that have been placed in those 2 churches if possible.
“We demand from the ethnic parties to come forward to ensure that they stand for the people of the country or their own affairs. .
The Weekend Lockdown has been imposed to curb the spread of COVID-19 and to protect the health of health workers as well as to prevent the loss of lives.
Not only that, the killings of people by the police, the lack of action on the complaints of violence against women and the threats against the people who lodge complaints, are the work of the police to intimidate them. The public is involved in the government of politicians.
For example, most of the tourists who flock to Sohra and Mawlynnong, and very few visit Shillong.
Mookyndur SC has bought a vacancy in the 2nd Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Thursday.
Apart from seeing a doctor or using or taking medicines regularly for your illnesses, there are still many ways to do your own thing for your health.
This is because Paiem Laborious wants to strengthen the it, the kingdom by holding this lehniam in a clean and pure place, a place where people live, where the gods live.
In the second leg, Garobadha Polling Station defeated Freedom FC to win the MLA Cup
However, three others have not been arrested since the day they escaped from the jail.
Regarding the MP 's statement that the youth do not need to work to increase the number of Seng Bhalang , this statement has upset the Seng Bhalang groups who have the intention to support the country and the nation many sides.
That was more than 6months through the RTI proceedings, which started in June 2022.
After this, the referees decided to hold a tie breaker and through this opportunity PFR won the title.
A nation without godliness is an empty nation without following the most important teachings of the Christian Church and even the Khasi religion which teaches good manners, justice and knowledge.
He said that at present, the HNLC is considered as an illegal party and the police are investigating to track down these robbers.
There are eight candidates for Shillong constituency including Congress MP Vincent H Pala, UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh, BJP candidate Shibun Lyngdoh and BJP candidate Vincent H Pala. AK Kharshiing, CPI candidate Richard Shabong and three independent candidates including Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, Denis Siangshai and Ivory Shylla.
He says that: “There cannot be a Khasi without a “Jaid” but adds that now-a-days the matter of taking a “Jaid” has become a matter of choice, i.
The victim was identified as Iardahun Suting, 22, of Umiew Pomlakrai.
According to a statement issued by Jagpal Singh Dhanao, Superintendent of Police, DSB, Khliehriat, police on July 15, 2013, after receiving a tip-off from a drug smuggler named Thathang Touthang. , who was traveling from Aizawl, Mizoram to Shillong, was carrying drugs.
According to a report received from the NDMA, six people have been killed and nine others injured across the country in the past 24 hours.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting today approved the implementation of the new salary scheme for deficit school teachers in the state from 1st July
However, the construction of this also varies from place to place.
" said Hep.
Speakers on the occasion included DC WKHD, S.Kharlyngdoh, IAS Development Commissioner, RM Mishra, former CEO of MBDA, Metbah Lyngdoh MLA. Mairang and others.
Shillong: The filing of nomination papers for the nomination papers of the 60 constituencies has ended today, 7th June. There were 483 registered voters.
Peter said the goal is also to train the youth in various fields so that they can stand on their own feet.
Even the Covid State Committee which was set up last year under the leadership of Dr. DD Lapang has not come to fruition and has disappeared,” said the statement.
Arkini Suchiang was taken to Laskein CHC.
Oh! In the present age, I don't want to drink shisha.
He said that the government has been biased because those who pass nursing from the government (bonded) do not take the written examination but those who pass nurses from the government (non-bonded) the government. you have to take a written exam.
Shillong: Two referees from Meghalaya, Kulishon Shyrkon and Lightstar Kharduit, have passed the practical and viva-voce examination for the Cat-2 level referees. .
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Metbah said, “It is an honor for me to be elected as the leader of the UDP and it is a heavy responsibility for me to lead the party. but I will work hard to strengthen the party.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah urged that the people should not be surprised to act in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution of India.
The Prime Minister at that time, said that he has just assumed the post of Prime Minister, he is not clear on this issue and urged to allow him to think for a while and promised to take action. to evaluate this claim.
FIFA will postpone the Under 17 Women's World Cup, which was scheduled to be held in March, from 11 to 30 March .
We must take steps to maintain peace, understanding and unity in Meghalaya.
Paul's remarks came after he was asked about Dr Mukul's statement that the ILP or the Sixth Schedule cannot prevent the entry of foreigners.
“This road is old and has been working on this road only for repair,” said DC West Karbi Anglong at the conference. Hall of Soil and Water Conservation, Jowai.
“ He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life; he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him.
The strict security as approved by the state government is important and urgent at this time especially in relation to the intention to close all entry points into the state so that there will be no escape. The safety of people who enter the state without testing themselves or proving that they are free of the disease.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, today said that the North East has overcome many challenges related to the quality of governance, khaddar and one of the strongest regions in the development of India.
When he saw this silence of the people, he cried out, “I will be in this same place, but I will speak to the people”.
White House Chief of Staff John Kirby on Tuesday said the US government has not yet received accurate information and explanation on the Covid-19 pandemic. until this time.
That is why in the stricter schools there are fewer students, while in the more strict schools there are many students.
Kongthong Village in Sohra 12 villages, with only about 140 households and less than 700 inhabitants, no market, no hotels for tourists, no tourist attractions, However, the BJP MP from Bihar has been awarded the fourth category (Medal Rnong-Bronze) because of his good performance. National Tourist Awards 2023. The country's top tourism destination in the world.
This water competition was held on the 05th of November as part of the search for phone skills of the youth in the village especially in the field of water competition and on this day up to 10 youths took part. at different levels.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah PT Sawkmie, said that this is a happy and peaceful day, in which they have been able to celebrate the 25th Anniversary of the Science Stream at this school.
After the establishment of the health recruitment board, the recruitment of doctors which had been pending for five years was completed within three months of the establishment of the new health board.
Bah Angelus Sun, Rangbah Shnong, said that the purpose of this tree planting is the desire of the village that the people should come forward to make the environment a better place. color blue through trees and it is also a struggle to make the environment filled with blue through tree plants.
Rothell Khongsit from Khongthong village said that the state government has issued this announcement to improve the Khasi-Pnar registration system and this registration from the father will lead to sha you live among the Khasi.
Leaders should never take the path of peace as a license, to do as they please when it comes to land and natural resources.
We support you EM Paul LyngdohThis decision of the KHADC is right, and it is a protection for the land owners.
He said that the Additional Chief Engineer of PHE has visited the area and said that he will order the contractor to repair the road and the village roads which have been dug for almost 10 years. ieh beat like that.
Also present on the occasion were Bah BS Lyngdoh, President of Langrin Youth Warfare Association as the chief guest, Bah Iashanborlang Mukhim, Asst Organizing Secretary of KSU Central Body, Bah Forwardman Nongrem, President of KSU South West Khasi Hills. District, KSU Umdohlun Circle Leaders, the Chief of Langrin Hima, Village Leaders and Elders of the area.
The number of cases in Manipur today has risen to 624, bringing the total to 40,683 and the death toll to 612 with 20 deaths today.
Shillong, June 3: Eight MP candidates for the Shillong Parliamentary Ministerial seat in the Lok Sabha elections 2014 have shown that almost all of their names are in Pha color. words translated from foreign languages, except for one candidate whose name is in Khasi.
The WJDSA (WJDSA) has decided to postpone the 1st Window Transfer for the season. of 2024 until January 10th.
“In my opinion, Bah Bring is not only 'Mr Split' but also 'Mr Unity' or 'Unifier',” said Bah Hinge.
Not only that, he ordered to meet the director saying that she is the only one who can provide information.
He said this is a violation of the Model Code of Conduct.
“The PM Kisan Samman Yojana has helped 10,000 farmers by depositing T.6,000 directly into their bank accounts,” she added.
Meanwhile, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani said that such an act is like encouragement to fight for the nation.
The MHRC today led by its Chairperson, Justice T.Vaiphei and members including PJP Hanaman and B.Giri, sought clarification from the state government after it found A group of nine youths from Madanrting village have been tied and bombed by a group of youths from Madanrting village after they returned home from a trip to eat khana. into the village of Syntung.
The meeting was chaired by the Vice President Bah Khambit Sing Khongshei and the newly elected Vice President Bah Lamkupar Sohkhlet. Samla Laitphas Shabong, Sports Secretary Samla Iengskhem Mawkhiew, former Assistant Genl Secretary, Samla Tishu Khongsit, Finance Secretary Samla Rahmaniam Mawkhiew and Adviser Bah Stogen Lynrah.
In order to further promote the Khasi language and literacy, and to facilitate everyday interactions, in society with other non-Khasi residents, SBUK provides training on the Khasi language for non-Khasi residents, every Saturday, at Shillong Law College, from 5 pm, free of charge.
However, according to the complainants, some lawyers came to the court unprepared.
On Saturday morning, the driver of the truck left the truck at Moolamanoh near the house of the owner of the vehicle and left for Musniang to his house. (Nongbud) to look at the truck.
To encourage these students and to divert the attention of their ILP protest and to oppose the Seng Samla Pule but to allow them to join the Government, the Government MUA – II, with the request of its Leader, has decided to distribute M.Tablets to all these students of Class – XII who are studying this year 2013, but it is doubtful whether it will distribute them again. Those Class-XsII students who will not sit in the year 2014 because the MDC and MP election 2014 has passed.
Shillong: The Umjari Nongpoh Constituency Dorbar Shnong, Umjari Nongpoh Constituency, has welcomed the residents of Namdang Tinsukia, Assam, who have returned to their villages after two months of stay. in Assam, due to the lockdown in India.
Sanjay Mishra won Best Actor for Vadh and Bhumi Pednekar won Best Actress for Badhaai Do and Tabu for Bhool Bhulaiyaa
He began to grow in his career during his years with the academy, appearing in many tournaments at various levels.
The KSU invites students who have scored 65 percent in SSLC and HSSLC to submit their marksheets from 21st November to 30th March by calling 9678091106/9
Shillong: The HSPDP, HPU and PDIC have joined hands under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Federation (MF) to nominate the MP candidate, said Martle N Mukhim. , who reached the goal of victory from 1989 to 1996 to form the United Democratic Party (UDP).
The general secretary of the KSU said that the second talks with the government will be very important for the political parties and the state government on the ILP. , said the young man Jyrwa.
However, they have not received any answer since the end of NIOS and this has caused the teachers to face the problem of losing their jobs because according to the rules of the Government of India. that untrained teachers have to train themselves D.El.
The Assistant Inspector General of Police (A) GK Iangrai said that the Meghalaya Police Department has received a complaint from a Facebook page called Khasi Paka. logo' of the state police department to spread a message that the state police will arrest those who oppose CAA and those who demand ILP in the state under a facebook page "Ka Sur U Paidbah"
sq km, Deshdamorea part of Khyrim and Khanduli Hima which is part of Raliang 12.80 sq km Rattachera Narpuh Doloiship 11.20 sq km, Block II Jaiñ It covers an area of ​​1009.88 sq km.
In the past few days, we have heard and seen many damage to PWD buildings such as bridges which have collapsed due to poor construction methods.
He said that it will be a memorable day to open this Block, as it is a day of blessing to improve the income of the people and this will improve the quality of life.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that Lum Wortoh is a beautiful place that can be used as a tourist destination. This hill can also be seen from various villages in Nongpoh and even Shillong during the clear weather.
A total of 16 teams will compete for a cash prize of T.30,000 for the winner and T.15,000 for the runner-up.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah RB Shadap and these dignitaries praised the RBYF as one of the national organizations from Ri-Bhoi District. to look after the welfare of the people in the district and to curb crime and alcoholism in this age where many of the youth have become addicted especially to drugs.
Therefore, we fight and fight hard to protect the nation.
The silver medal winners were: Ethan Nongdhar, Daomanmi Mynsong, Lucky-star Kharmudai, Daka-l Paka Lyngdoh (13yrs), Ilawankmen Nongbri (18yrs), Espiranza Songthiang (18yrs), Francis RR Songthiang (18yrs), Francis RR Songthiang (18yrs). , Lorenza Songthiang.
Dongmihsngi and Mynthong won the opening day of the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai on Friday.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 14: The road from Markasa to Mawphanlur is very important, as Mawphanlur is a beautiful place and a tourist destination for tourists from all over the state and even from abroad. India also flock to the road, but the road in these days has started to deteriorate in many places the color has faded and the blame now goes to the contractor who worked torti at the time of u clean color.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 2: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-Muliang Circle on Tuesday sent a letter to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, seeking clarification on the statement and promise of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. There are two C&RD blocks in Rambrai and Ri-Muliang constituencies.
The 10 countries with the highest number of cases are as follows: US: 2,278,373 Brazil: 1,083,341 Russia: 583,879 India: 410,461 United Kingdom: 305,803 Peru: 238,499Iran: 204,952.
“There are laws to protect but if we cannot protect the marriage, it will bring disaster,” said Apsharai. The Management and Control of Forest Act is the Management and Control of Forest Act which is no longer in force by the District Council, but by the State Government.
The Thangkhiew, even if they pour 100 liters, they give it to Hoping, because the foundation of the petrol pump, they banned the villages in the past to put in the middle of the village. you're Mawlai".
However, during these two months, we have faced problems, although some gates have been closed after the issuance of this order, there are still some gates of the District Council which are still causing trouble to the drivers especially during the in the evening by threatening and demanding money from the truck drivers.
Jowai: A group known as 'High Level' has been involved in the smuggling of coal from East Jaintia Hills to Beltola Assam.
Speaking on the culture and traditions of Meghalaya, he said that Meghalaya is a state of motherhood and the family is run by a mother which has never been seen in any part of the world.
Shylla said that after the government sends the Bill to the KHADC, he will convene a special session to discuss in detail to make the necessary rules and regulations so that the Bill can be passed. the bill will be due.
The campaign will be held from Thomas Jones Road to HK Singh Higher Secondary School, Iawmusiang, especially those who sell clothes near the DC's office. The Super Division Football Tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Monday.
Saibun Dkhar Vice President EJNC said that many electricity posts have almost collapsed in Jalyiah and Khliemyntriang. He urged MeECL to inspect and repair these posts immediately. boarding.
The Child Labor (Prohibition and Regulation) Act 1986 prohibits the employment of children under the age of 14 in certain types of jobs, such as slaughterhouse, meat factory, car repair shop, mining, domestic service, shop work, diary, restaurant and bar, accommodation, soap factory, land leather, mystery housework, grill factory, and more.
Seven people have died so far from the coronavirus in Iran, after the outbreak spread to other countries, including China.
I feel that you should praise any decision or MoU signed and not just do politics because this is the life and death of the future generation,” said Prestone.
“We have already taken action regarding the border issues before the election.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 21: The office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District today took the oath of office under the leadership of C.Kharkongngor, IAS. District, Mawkyrwat as part of the celebration of the National Anti Terrorism Day which is celebrated on the 21st of June every year.
Manager Erik ten Hag and his team are still checking through VAR that it may have been offside.
In the past two days, the traffic jam has increased as many people have been forced to buy clothes for themselves and also to clean up their homes.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sunida Bareh said that the complaint he has filed is the second complaint.
PDF Leader Banteidor Lyngdoh today admitted to the media that the defeat of the PDF candidate in the mid-term elections was due to the misuse of money. to the votes.
Shillong, November 15: The Cabinet of Ministers today approved the introduction of the Meghalaya Apartment Ownership Ordinance. 2015, the Act is to regulate the ownership of houses on multiple floors.
Leading by 225 runs in the first innings, Baroda played hard and Meghalaya lost all wickets for 19 runs.
The district authorities also admitted that this was an illegally built building.
Regarding the preparations for the tournament, he said that there has been no new building to host the tournament, but for this purpose it has been prepared to be held around schools, colleges and and the place of play was not in Tura.
“A healthy lifestyle leads to mental strength and this shows the practice of yoga since ancient times,” he added.
The BJP government led by Narendra Modi came to power at the Center and everything seemed to change.
Mrs. C Pohdweng, Sister Tutor, Dr. NTG Nursing School Jowai in her speech encouraged the nurses to follow the example of Florence Nightingale, the nurse of the world who gave her life to treat the soldiers wounded in the Crimean War in Europe.
Promising to increase income, the AITC said it will ensure that income in the state will increase steadily in the next five years to double GDP and ensure the release of the state. Meghalaya is in poverty.
He urged all those involved in the conduct of this election to work hard and dedicate their body and soul, so that the election of the leaders will go smoothly and without any inconvenience.
In 1860, the House Tax was introduced in Jaintia Hills.
Members of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Delhi have staged a massive protest against the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) chief executive committee demanding the resignation of Principal Secretary Manish Sisodia. the charge of being involved in the synthesis.
“The BJP and Narendra Modi used to boast that there has been no development in the last 70 years, but today, the Finance Minister of India has decided to sell off all the development work that has happened in the last 70 years.
Leskha-II is a 210MW hydropower project and is ready to be implemented on the Myntdu River.
One of the most sacred things of Kong Phidalia Toi is the school she has established in Psiar.
In conclusion, the Minister urged the Principal and teachers of the college to work with love so that the college can become a center of education, research and training. The Cabinet will soon take a decision to include Science and Arts Stream in Williamnagar, Baghmara and Sohra Government Colleges.
“The government should provide assistance to the relatives of this policeman according to the government law and appoint sympathy to the relatives,” the High Court said.
It is the foundation of the life and character of every child whether he is poor or rich, stupid or intelligent. .
It is learned that the incident happened at 3 pm this morning, when without knowing the cause, the Kudam caught fire and suddenly burnt down all the equipment. and the shop was destroyed.
The National Sports Day was also concluded with the awarding of Torphy Awards to the two teams organized by the District Sports Officer of Ri Bhoi.
Speaking on the AITC, Pala said, “People in the state know which party will think for the state, we respect the parties that want to contest elections and the AITC has its own party. we have our own responsibilities and which of us will be affected, time will tell".
To go online, you have to call a friend.
On Sunday, only private vehicles will be allowed and odd and even numbers will also be allowed.
The Joint Action Committee of Jaintia Hills Truck Owners and Drivers Association (JHTOA), AJCCTA and Meghalaya Trucker Union (MTU) have decided to continue the strike until the strike is resolved. price of new trucks.
no 101249, Second prize sl.
The issue of NGT's ban on coal mining will not be discussed which has led to the looting and extortion of crores of rupees from coal trucks every day until there is a demand to release the home. Portfolio) of the Home Minister, it is better that Conrad Sangma should take over the post of Home Minister from his brother (James Sangma). It is clear that Dr Mukul Sangma is still better able to solve the problems of the state than the current Chief Minister.
Whether it is the dress of women, excessive viewing of movies, viewing of immoral books, drug abuse, loss of masculinity, immorality or other reasons.
These Egyptian kings gave up their wealth and their wealth to flee away through marriage.
“The silence of the people who see or witness the behavior of these people also brings trouble to us,” said the SP. “People don't understand that they are their own children. who shall perish, if they strive to listen to these things; Therefore, they should understand that these drug users are too many, it is only because they do not pay attention and join hands with us.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday said that the members of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission (HYC), the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) , East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) and Confederation of Ribhoi People (CoRP) will leave to disrupt the meetings of the government or parties in which the Ministers of the State Government will take part. They have done their best to achieve the issues and aspirations of the people of the state.
The State Government has wanted to get the opinion on this policy from the Village Authorities, Hima Administration to make it safe.
The mining plan will be implemented soon, with coal mining expected to start in early 2022 or October 2022, in order to produce more coal from these three areas.
The MBOSE, Tura, has released the results of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination, 2020, but the results have shocked not only the candidates, but also the parents. father and even the people and the reason is that half of them fail.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 15: U Bah Donkupar Sumer, one of the leaders of the UDP in Ri-Bhoi, who has left the party recently, has slammed the leaders of the UDP in Ri-Bhoi who have alleged that he has left the party. It is a personal reason, and the party has not been biased or biased.
He admitted that he had been misled by the people of Majai area, who claimed to be old residents but they were not.
If you can do that, surely God will help you and you will be a success.
"It shows the concern on the part of the Central Government in recognizing the diversity of the languages ​​spoken in India.
Shillong, Nailar 08: The UDP Youth Wing of East Khasi Hills has written a letter to the SP of East Khasi Hills District demanding that the police should work hard to arrest those involved in the robbery. Wandarihun Mawlong is a young man from Umlyngka.
In a letter, Bah Laloo, said that it is the duty of the state government to implement the order of the court, so that there will be no violation of the order of the Supreme Court. He demanded that the electricity supply to these factories should be cut off and ordered that they should be closed down immediately until they have proper waste disposal sites and should not flow into the public streams. .
We are looking forward to signing him," Chelsea owners Todd Boehly and Behdad Eghbali said in a statement.
I answer immediately, yes, if the Pastor/Theologian has a sincere and true desire and goal, not false.
East Khasi Hills has 20 new cases, West Garo Hills 50, South West Garo Hills 10 and Ribhoi
He said the party has expressed its desire to talk to the government but the government has confirmed that it should stop the illegal activities first.
When asked about the border dispute, Dr Aman said, “If you talk about the border issues now that we have got a state, how did we get this state, is it only the Assam Government that signed and said that this is the part of the State, yes! It has been passed by a law in Parliament and when it has been passed, the boundary is clear and I want to know exactly what those areas are in dispute and who brought this dispute-whether it is on the part of the of us or the other side-We have to look at it again".
Regarding the inspection in Langpih, Bah Renik said that the committee will meet to decide when it will visit to conduct the inspection, so that it can hear the views of the people. the people of many churches, that the judgment may be fulfilled.
While the Jaintia language is the same whether in Jowai or Amlarem, Sutnga, Wahiajer or Shangpung, we use only the Pnar language.
“After the Puta vacation, I will call the HPC again for conducting discussions.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the recruitment according to the Roster System will go smoothly and the government will follow the order of the High Court.
The investigation is ongoing and there is no evidence to prove her involvement.
Therefore, the district authorities have warned that anyone who violates this will be punished according to the rules of law.
He said that in this 10 years of his election as a leader, he has seen many things that still need to be brought about in the society such as roads, health and water supply to the residents. and especially to create jobs for the unemployed youth.
“On behalf of the Moolang Youth Assembly, we welcome you all to attend this Synod Youth Assembly and hope that you will arrive safely and happily. “You should rest while eating and you shouldn't be afraid or have any feelings because Moolang is a clean village with no signs of eating and drinking,” said Jasper Pyrtuh.
“We didn't force the students to take part in the protest but now the students of the colleges have come to take part in the protest”.
He said in fact, there are still many MDCs who intend to join the BJP but he did not want to disclose their names as the talks are ongoing.
True worship is so precious that it cannot be bought with money.
New Delhi expects the Indian Foreign Ministry, together with National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, to continue to work to resolve the dispute over the Green. Top, Patrol Point 17A near Gogra and Patrol Point 13, near Depsang.
Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh has been appointed as the Leader of Mizoram, Manipur MLA Rameshwar Singh and Meghalaya MLA Ian Botham K Sangma have been appointed as Co. Nagaland MLA N Nyamnyei Konyak has been appointed as the President of the NPP in Nagaland while Dr Andrew Ahoto has been appointed as the President of the NPP in Nagaland. the National General Secretary.
Training is organized and prepared according to the levels and ages of the trainees.
Shillong, Nailar 12 : The Inter School Football Tournament was opened by Christ Church Morning School, Mawlai on Friday 11th July as part of the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the school.
The questions are set by the chapters as they wish, no longer considering average students or below average students.
After the inspection of the Law Kyntang of these 12 Kurs, the team led by the CEM, held a meeting at Mawlasnai, in which all the village leaders within the Raid participated. Nongtung is known as Block-2
He said that although there are stricter rules like the PIT NDPS Act 1988, it cannot be implemented in the state due to the lack of an Advisory Board.
In addition to Bollywood films, she has also appeared in Hollywood films.
The total number of recoveries is 8,904 and the total number of deaths is
The Archbishops of Shillong, Guwahati, Dibrugarh and Tura among others came to pay their last respects to him.
The party has 3000 Primary Members and hopes that more and more people will register to become full members.
In another development, Naveen Kumar Jindal, the BJP's Delhi media chief, has been threatened with death on various social media.
Tripura authorities on 11th of this month said that the state police have arrested five Bangladeshis from the Humsafar Express train bound for Bengaluru.
He said that the state government has taken steps to identify another Corona Care Center which will be set up at the Maternity Children Hospital, Umran. in consultation and arrangement with the TATA Trust.
Samuel decided to stay in Delhi to find out the truth about her death and went back to his room in Safdarjung (Delhi).
The statement also condemned those who claim to be experts who criticize the protest of the Rangbah Shnongs for their own benefit. Finally, the statement requested the Governor to look into it before approving it. The bill has been rejected by the Government as it will affect the relationship between the District Council and the State Government and has also to do with the preservation of customs and traditions.
The strike was led by the Non-Gazetted Employees Association (NGEA), which is the union of the employees of the Council.
Sohshang said that the government's suspension of the 100 days scheme for the past 10 years has affected the income of households and thousands of people. job cards have lost their daily wages.
Shillong: With the aim of combining education with experience and also to provide opportunities for students to gain firsthand knowledge, the Department of Tourism and Travel Management of Martin Luther University Christian University, has organized a Community Camp at Kongthong from 24th to 26th June
The total number of recoveries has risen to
He stressed on the need to treat such youths with understanding, and to take responsibility for them so that they can return to society as constructive and responsible citizens.
Also present on the occasion were Rev RF Kharkrang, Pastor incharge Nongsawlia Pastorate, Bah TW Chyne, MLA Sohra and others.
Announcing this, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that the State Election Committee has approved six candidates.
Their lives are devoid of any security and they can be fired whenever the employers want.
It is to be recalled that on the night of 5th July 2020, several masked persons entered and started tied injuring the students and teachers of JNU and damaged some equipment. MPYC President Richard Mrong Marak said that the incident at JNU reminds us of the time of Adolf Hitler's rule in Germany in 1938 when Hitler's supporters. began to persecute those who opposed the tyranny of Adolf Hitler in the country.
Daily work in this field can gradually lead to diseases that spread from animals to humans.
Shillong, July 19: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today collapsed after losing its majority.
In fact, everyone understands the importance of cleanliness and everyone understands the duty of cleanliness but the problem is that they don't want to be clean and there is no cooperation.
W. Biam, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, said that 468 First Information Reports (FIRs) have been lodged at the Police Stations in the last two months. for the months of June and January.
On this occasion, even the District Administration did not take any sting, in which Magistrates and Police Chiefs, along with dozens of policemen were seen to patrol so that there would be no incident. tragic event.
Mustem Village is another village which has valleys and sacred forests which have been protected with the collaboration of the Forest Wildlife Division and the strong support of the MLA of the area Lahkmen Rymbui to turn them into tourist destinations.
We believe and hope that his hard work will bring victory and will be an honor to the district, the State as a whole and congratulations also go to Kevin John Khyllait who will accompany him. Mairang, Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Two executive members including Defense Susngi and Kishon Kharshohnoh were also elected to represent the district.
The national team will also witness it at the Asian Games this year to be held in Hangzhou, China.
Following this notification, the residents of Labang Nangphyllut and Pangam Raliang Elaka have protested against this violence of the Assam government. Trot Thaiang, Bulud Lekhaden, Pin Thaiang, Sbud Larom, Saning Larom, Basa Rongphar, Yani Lyngdoh, Oliwon Nongsubi, Emmon Lamare and others.
Secretary organization.
It was not until the tenure of Chief Minister Dr. Dokupar Roy, MLA Shella that it was recognized as a Government College, which is the first Government College in East Khasi Hills. .
Discussion meetings were also held at the level of CEOs and Deputy Commissioners together with political party leaders to ensure that the process is transparent.
The state is not yet able to conduct these examinations, which has led to the youth facing difficulties, especially those who come from rural areas who have not received financial assistance.
Oh, we remember well what she did with the money allocated by the Government of India for the construction of the road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah which is only 21 k.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad K. Sangma said that the construction of this road will be of great benefit to the people of the area and especially as it is close to Guwahati.
This coming month will be a great blessing to our State and especially Tura and Garo Hills,” said Conrad.
Police have registered a case on the complaint and started investigation to find out who was involved in the robbery.
Shillong, July 5: The protest against the railway line may intensify in the coming days, as the government has not yet called for talks with the KSU leaders to resolve the issue. which has shaken the state in the past few days.
According to the petition sent to these Ministers, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, requested the government to pay special attention to the farmers and especially for the provision of food items to them.
However, regarding the 14th, the SSA is surprised that the stadium still has many things to complete and improve.
Members of the committee appointed by the government to discuss the roster system and reservation policy from the UDP and HSPDP expressed their gratitude to the government for listening to their suggestions.
Regarding the election in the 13th Mawryngkneng Constituency, the party has decided not to field a candidate and will give its full support to the National People's Party (NPP) candidate Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
U Bah Kyrmen Shylla, informed about many schemes including the road schemes which have been completed and are being implemented in the constituency and other schemes which are being implemented and are being followed up for the benefit of the people. “It is pleasing to inform that the PHE department which has provided assistance in the field of drinking water, there are schemes since the time of the MLAs. I don't respect those who at that time, I respect those who at that time there are projects that are still pending, I respect the MDA government for not releasing the funds to complete the scheme. Kyrmen Shylla also presented the award to the Principal of Cham Cham Secondary School, Riyo. The awards were also presented to Chiehruphi Secondary School, Holy Trinity Secondary School, KBM Memorial Secondary School, Little Star Secondary School, Ladrymbai, Narpuh Modern Secondary School, Sacred Heart Secondary School, Byndihati, Sanshnong Secondary School and Wapung Higher Secondary School for the 100 percent passing of the students in the SSLC examination The Kayakalp Award was also awarded to Pamra-Paithlu PHC, Rymbai PHC and Sutnga CHC for their contribution to the fight against drug abuse in the village. clean the morning which is in a very healthy way.
The Rapido App is now available on Mobile Phones and through this news the public will know that if they are traveling by Rapido they will have to take responsibility for anything that happens. “Now we have legally recognized aggregators who have GPS devices which we can track where they are going,” said the Commissioner Transports.
Speaking of films, Salman will be seen in Tiger 2 with Katrina Kaif and the film could be released by Diwali this year.
MLS and Inter Miami have confirmed the news to the media, although the tournament has said that work is still pending. to the final stage of agreement between the two parties.
To implement NEP2020 at the UG level should not be for the sake of anyone's power or to please anyone but should be in the interest of the students and teachers of the colleges affiliated to the NEHU in collaboration with the State Government.
CJM B Joshi rejected the bail application of Matharoo and will appear in court on 3rd June.
These vehicles include 80 Boleros and Campers, 140 Motorcycles and 6 Cranes.
On the second demand, the KHADC will respect the provisions of the Street Vendors Act 2014 and said that this act passed by the Assembly in 2014, that this Act states that any foreign (nontribal) who comes to trade in the state must comply with the requirements of the KHADC Act. He said that the distribution of the forms is for the benefit of the land vendors themselves and this form will bring about the recognition of the land vendors who are the owners. The most important thing is to identify the owners and employees to prevent Benami and the most important thing is that if they register with KHADC they will get a place where they can open the that bag die field by the State Government.
You don't have any calories.
He said that the investigation into the incident is ongoing and the police have not been able to give the exact reason why the robber went to kill the girl. dating for about 5 months.
About 2 lakh farmers in Meghalaya have benefited from the Prime Minister's Kisan Samman Nidhi.
Minister Duh stressed that in the budgets of previous years, the Government has tried to reduce India's dependence on other countries and stressed on the role of those who have hands in these works.
These members of the KSU have been released on bail of T.30,000 each with the condition that they shall not repeat their duties and shall leave the court or the police if necessary. .
According to the Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities, SB Marak, out of these 44,000, about 60 percent have received Unique Disability ID cards (UDID cards).
Speaking as the chief guest, the MLA urged the youth who want to stand on their feet to take advantage of this training opportunity so that the government's objectives will be successful.
Nick Kyrgios (AUS) 1825.
Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhaya was the chief guest and was also present in the presence of Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Bah MB Tongper, Dr. Abhishek Saini, Assistant Commissioner of Ri Bhoi. Disaster Management Officer, Kong K. Waniang, District Disaster Management Officer and others.
At the end of the training, a short meeting was held on the 19th of this month which was conducted by Ma Waiphangki Shadap, Field Coordinator. Village Organization (VO), Trainees, Master trainers, members of PGS group and SURE staff. syrnod and stipend for those who attend the training.
The Election Commission of Meghalaya has seized T.44.38 crore from different parts of the state ahead of the Lok Sabha elections to be held tomorrow 19th June
Nongpoh: Mawhati MLA Dasakhiatbha Lamare on Saturday distributed 80 work orders of the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) for the year 2018-2019, -2021 to the villages under Mawhati Constituency.
The KSU has lodged a complaint after yesterday, they found that the company which supplies water pipes to the state, has committed fraud and which has become a terrible corruption, because that it has installed low-quality pipes in the implementation of the JJM scheme and has not taken the responsibility to provide drinking water to all the households in the state.
“My people have elected chiefs (MLAs) but they have not asked me.
Dawanisa Dhar, daughter of Mr. Kworshon Marbaniang and Mrs. Emai Dhar, wife of Mr. Moses Sohtun, residents of Madanrting, Shillong, has received her PhD degree in English Language. Education at The English and Foreign Languages ​​University, Shillong Campus, on the thesis: “A Case Study on Under Graduate Students Pursuing Professional Courses in Shillong”.
According to the statement, the supporters expressed their gratitude to the Chief Minister of the area, Bah Kyrmen Shylla for the fact that despite the pandemic of covid-19, he has been able to fulfill his mission. They also witnessed the good deeds of him as a leader who has helped to clean up the road in Bataw village at a cost of T1.68 crore. The school building at a cost of T 37 lakh, the View Point which cost up to T 10 lakh and one of the things that the supporters are grateful to Bah Kyrmen Shylla, is through the donation. He said that by 2020 , a fully functional PHC in Bataw village will be completed and this will be a great benefit to the residents of Bataw village go.
The Mizoram resident, who is the Chairman of the 2B's Group of Companies, has demanded that Dr Mukul Sangma should pay the fine and apologize within 7 days or he will file a criminal and civil suit. against him before the judgment seat.
Jowai, July 29: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) has welcomed the resignation of the President of Saipung Circle Mr. Zosiama Thianglai. At the same time, the JYF Saipung Circle expresses its gratitude to the people of Saipung area who have been waiting for him for the MDC election 2014. We are very pleased that the leader of the Seng will enter another role of better service to the people and we hope that Ma Zosiama Thianglai although he has reached a higher level but he should not forget to the Seng.
However, as a nation, we benefit from the war.
That is also to share the blessing.
In the second half, Lajong added the second goal through a penalty shot by de Souza in the 51st minute to make it 2-0
He said that the film has already been screened in other places such as the Khasi Jaintia Hills where the film has been well received by the people.
The 'silver seas' refer to the Sohra rivers which are as white as silver and flow into the plains of Bangladesh.
He leads us to spiritual rebirth and brings Christ's Presence to us.
The Supreme Court today ruled that the Act passed by Assam is not true and should be repealed. The Act on the Appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries is illegal.
There are 293 recoveries and one death from East Khasi Hills.
Nangkiew Irat scored the first goal of the match after the captain of Nangkiew Irat, Damehun Syih, took the ball from the right side and Banteilang Lyngdoh looked at it from the right side. he.
He said there was no border dispute regarding Lapangap and the Meghalaya Government has deployed two platoons of security personnel on the border and the situation is under control.
There are other plans to hold a seminar on strengthening the financial capacity of MDBs in conjunction with the fourth meeting of the FMCBG. of international discussions aimed at strengthening MDBs and strengthening their lending capacity.
Speaking on the occasion, Nongkrem MDC HS Shylla said that the irregularity in the distribution of T.133 crore to the MDCs is due to the resignation of some MDCs. Laban, who received the least amount of T.42 lakh, said that this least amount of money is due to the lack of attention of the MLA. “But the MLA of Laban did not take action and Laban received only T.42 lakh,” he said.
In connection with the swearing-in ceremony to be held on 7th October at Raj Bhavan, the police department has arranged transportation for the arrival of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Ministers of Home Affairs. Amit Shah's Ministry of Home Affairs.
There is no sign to distinguish between this Kur and the Khynriam or the Pnar or the War. We see that the Nongrum or other Kurs who live in the War area are called War, the same Kur Nongrum or other Kurs who live near Khynriam are called Khynriam. They are shikur and Nongrum Khynriam although they live in different parts of Ri Khasi or are called by names according to the parts where they live.
If they have joined the NPP, UDP and BJP and other coalition parties, the only way they have is the Congress,” he said.
Who will be blamed? To do this is difficult.
The film has faced criticism from many political parties and religious groups in the country and even in Kerala the film has been banned from release but after the court has looked into it The story of this film has not been banned.
“We are still reviewing the recruitment procedures.
On this occasion, Rakkam said that he will soon meet with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to discuss how to get more financial assistance to repair the damaged roads.
After receiving a tip-off that firearms had been dropped, police searched the village and recovered two AK assault rifles, a pistol, three AK magazines and 90 rounds. The vehicles were seized from Zad Sohal.
In the incident, the police opened fire several times in the air and at that time the crowd started to disperse and it was at this time that the police managed to escape. They were taken away from that place, which was in danger of their lives.
When a person gets Khuslai, the outward signs are a slight swelling of the skin and a raw raw face, a swollen eye. The wonderful person is not found and there is no disease but the person cannot even work or touch.
There was no slap at all, yesterday and today, in these three places.
He said that the Supreme Court has ordered and will issue an order to all these organizations within 8 months to submit a counter affidavit on the complaint of the Association. to comment on the issue raised by the HNLOCT&PA and it will be heard again after 8 months.
“Some of them have died due to mental illness,” he said.
It means that God sent the angel Gabriel to Daniel.
The Karate India Organizations (KiO), which are recognized by the World Karate Federation (WKF), the Asian Karate Federation (AKF) and the Indian Olympic Association (IOA), have approved the recognition of the Karate Organization (IOA). The Meghalaya State Karate-Do Federation (MSKDF) is a Karate federation registered since 1993 in Jowai, under the leadership of Sensei Donny Raphael Ranee (the first Black Belt in Karate since Sensei Carehome Pakyntein 4th Dan Black Belt as Working President and Francis RR Songthiang 2′′ Dan Black Belt as General Secretary.
Although the drugs can be obtained to boost the number of platelets, you can boost them yourself for the sake of their numbers.
He also congratulated some of the people who came at the expense of their travel expenses and also those who decided to stay in the states where they are now.
Speaking to reporters, the DC said that the damaged land has been paid to the owners since 2012 and the payment has been made by the office of the DC West Jaintia since then. , that place does not fall under Lahaleiñ.
Meanwhile, the MTC has lodged an FIR at Bajendoba police station for the incident.
“We as the Forum and the residents of Block-1 are still demanding that our Block-1 should be returned,” said Bah Sungoh.
Darwin immediately fled and soon reached Amingaon.
Samla Biangbor Paliar, Vice President of KSU Sengkmie, cut the 10th Anniversary Cake.
On the issue of the KAAC gate, the DC of West Jaintia Hills District said that the meeting has agreed that the Deputy Commissioner West Karbi Anglong will urge the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC). ) to relocate the gate of the Revenue Department at Khanduli to a place not opposed by the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli.
Why did Jesus go up to Mount Zion in Jerusalem? The reason is that during the last days or 7 years of great tribulation on earth, the earth will be destroyed by the most terrible wars and by the unprecedented wrath of God. from the beginning of the world, and never shall be.
Paul said this when asked about the demand to revise the employment quota in the State which is 40 per cent for Khasi Jaintia and 40 per cent for Garo.
Long live and all will come to good and happiness.
However, many of them did not understand this rule.
The following are some of the ways you need to do and the healthy foods you need to eat to improve good cholesterol and also to improve blood pressure health.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HNLC Spokesperson Bah Sadon Blah said that since the HNLC leaders returned to Bangladesh on 16th November, 2022, it has been almost six months since the HNLC leaders returned to Bangladesh. any talks between the HNLC and the State or Central Government.
On the departure of these two members from the NPP, Conrad declined to comment but asked the journalists to ask them why they left the NPP. Each party has won the election.
The Minister said the state government has also decided to allow the opening of public parks like Lady Hydary Park, Elephant Fall and Nan Palok from Monday.
Shillong, June 22: The first visit of BJP President Amit Shah to the state has been a day of shock and excitement for the BJP leaders. The state, as various groups have come out to protest against his visit.
However, at the time of the interview, some Casual Jugali received TD/DA and some did not.
The KSU also submitted a petition to Bah Paul Lyngdoh with demands and requests to the KHADC to take action in this regard.
Shillong, July 15: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has banned coal mining in the state and it has been observed that coal mining in many parts of East Jaintia Hills is still rampant. in the villages of Nongkhlieh and Sutnga Districts.
The closure of these two dhabas was on the grounds that they were dumping garbage without adequate drainage.
She urged the residents to come forward to donate blood as the presence of Voluntary Blood Donors saves the lives of those in need.
Steve Wahlang and Sara Mawlong took part in the song.
Last Saturday, we spoke to the biscuit farmers, who said that biscuits are an agricultural product that does not keep the market price.
The vaccination campaign started at Chutwakhu Urban Primary Health Center where Dr. KC Ajar was the chief guest in the presence of Additional District Medical and Health Officer, Dr. B Challam. These vaccines were distributed to the public by District Immunization Officer Dr.M Syngkon and others.
They are free to speak whatever they want but the Government will do what is best for the people.
He said that children with diabetes are slow, slow and malnourished and mentally ill and suffer from other diseases.
Also speaking at the meeting was a former MLA of Sohiong who said that the NPP is a party with a foundation and qualified leaders like the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, the two Symbud Prime Minister u Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbha urged the people to vote for the NPP candidate Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh in the Lok Sabha MP election so that development works can flow into the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Congress MLAs have protested against the removal of Mukul Sangma from the post of Prime Minister. Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala, one of the leaders from the country, has tried to overthrow Mukul Sangma.
He said that the decision of the Chief Minister is to provide electricity without any interruption.
The home team (Hyderabad) managed to tied only 8 overs due to the darkness.
Try to feed more vegetables and fruits to boost on top of their health and size.
Rakesh Kumar, a resident of Mukundgarh, Jhunjhunu district in Rajasthan, was arrested on charges of robbery. After the holiday, he died after being found with a gunshot wound in the ground floor of the prison.
“We cannot just blame the drivers of bapli trucks who have become trees in all aspects, whether to the people or the police.
The Government may order to regulate the price of agricultural products, for example, cucumber, that the highest price of freshly harvested jhur should be x tyngka and the lowest price should not be less than y. The highest price of jhur will be d tyngka and the lowest price will be b tyngka and the government can appoint employees or allow them to collect taxes from the sellers.
“We are confident that if the Central Government takes steps to resolve this issue, this issue can be resolved without any problems,” said Singh.
When we attended the meetings convened by the government, we saw that there is a plan to rebuild the dam and build tall buildings,” said MSA President Bah Joe Marwein. to the media on Friday.
While the NPP has its own leaders, it does not work on contracts.
In 2011, the European Union forced backward countries like India to sign the Free Trade Agreement.
In the second list, the party has announced three more candidates.
He said that it was also explained during the Cabinet meeting that the Government has discussed this issue from time to time with the Indian High Commission in Bangladesh.
Mawrie said that this harassment and harassment of the members has brought discouragement to the BJP members but the BJP will stand united and will not surrender to this action of the police.
Therefore, the MLAs have held a meeting, consulted and taken a decision after meeting with the Party Leaders”.
The house, which was built by the FKJGP, belongs to Martina Shadap, was handed over to her by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP NKHD, in the presence of Bah Marshal Diengdoh, Vice President of FKJGP. -FKJGP Ri Bhoi President Banroy Wahlang, President FKJGP Umling Circle and other members of the party.
Meghalaya, despite playing hard, could not score a single goal until the end of the first half.
It is learned that Rahul Gandhi did not release these remarks due to the intensity of the election campaign in recent days.
This is the age when time itself leads to a difficult life, it cannot be denied that this is happening with the development of technology and social media.
Shillong: There have been 168 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 148 recoveries, 5 deaths, of which 4 have not been injected.
This goal was enough for Diengshynrum to win the title.
DCIC-East Khasi Hills won the first prize, while DCIC-East Khasi Hills won the second prize and District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary won the third prize.
According to the leader of the Union of Cow Breeders, the union has already received land to set up a new cow market in Byrnihat area.
It was also seen that the people who came to condole with the family of these two brothers were shocked after listening to the song sung by Kid's Tarari, a group in which Cafinia took part.
Expressing his meetings and conversations with (L) Bah Standling, Conrad said, “I have had the opportunity to talk, meet and work with him over the years. went away.
The President of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit on Tuesday said that a group of various political parties in the state including the UDP, TMC, PDF, HSPDP, VPP and “As you have seen, as political parties we are meeting today to find ways and means to form a government without the NPP,” he said. Speaking to reporters after a meeting held at the residence of the former Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
“In this regard, we will introduce a bill while the term is running,” he said.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today urged the people of Meghalaya not to worry about the food items as the government is ready to deliver food items to all parts of the country. There is a 21 day lockdown in India.
According to the Additional DMHO, Ri Bhoi District, Dr D Blah, “After the implementation of this payment application in the district, it has encouraged many ASHA workers as they can now receive incentives from time to time and especially in the right time, which was never the case before".
All the nations are fighting.
“Although I did not get the ticket from the HSPDP, I will not back down because I cannot thank the supporters after I have decided to contest the election,” he said.
The vigilance of the Police Department has resulted in a successful outcome where the drug traffickers have no place to enter Meghalaya and fall into the hands of the Police.
Thus, in terms of origin and formation, there are many types of soils.
The slogan 'Sabka Saat Sabka Vikas, Sabka Vishwas Sabka Pryas' (to improve the income of all through empowerment and trust) is just a ploy to deceive other non-Hindus.
Prof Nalin Mehta said that these new facilities will improve the quality of medical services at NEIGRIHMS and will increase the number of MBBS and B.Sc seats.
Meanwhile, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that such a meeting would be of help not only to the government but to the people.
Khliehmuchut Shangpung have reached the final of the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the WJDSA after beating Mookyrdup 1-0 in the semifinal match played at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Saturday.
The community, the community, values ​​and respects him because he is a man who has all the qualities that they respect.
If a Khasi gets an EPIC without the permission of the village, the villagers will declare him out of the village.
Regarding the absence of a full time Waheh Shnong, the term of Wespar Lamin Acting Waheh Shnong has expired for more than 10 months.
Shillong: On 5th June 2020, KSU South Central and FKJGP Riwar Mihngi together with the Magistrate, Police and PWD officers from Pynursla conducted an inspection on the illegal parking of stone truck drivers on the highway from Mawshun is the only one.
Thus the Israelites now observe the Feast of Trumpets and the Day of Atonement.
In West Khasi Hills, 21 cases and 15 cases in Thangtngaw.
The total cost was $487 and the Florida football fans were eager to see with their own eyes Messi's first match.
Donevan has been removed from the post of EM in the EC of Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM of KHADC and sent to the post of Dy.Chairman.
Speaking to media, he said he does not see that the visit of the Chief Minister of West Bengal, Chairperson of the AITC, Mamata Banerjee will strengthen the party in the state but will only weaken the party. When asked, Prestone said that change will come if the AITC is elected to take over the power. Meghalaya is wrong and supports the AITC, let me promise you that this means that Meghalaya instead of moving forward, we will move backwards.
Banrisha Wahlang (goal), Baiarkynti Mylliemngap (substituted by Fuldamary Umsong in the 90'+1 minute), Aibaplielad Skhemiew (substituted by Fuldamary Umsong in the 90'+1 minute); Marbarin Nongrum, Saralin Warlarpih (33rd minute).
The no-confidence motion was supported by 3 UDP MDCs and 2 HSPDP MDCs (except Equator Nongrang who did not attend the Dorbar) and 6 MDCs and Adelbert. The Chairman said that the eighth members were not allowed to vote.
In the past few days, the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, has also told the Assam Legislative Assembly that Mukroh falls within the border of Assam as it is located in West Karbi Anglong. District.
The Dorbar Shnong Loom Soo Iung Newhill, Jowai through the Waheh Shnong Marsanki Pakma has informed the public regarding the rules and regulations of the Election Campaign of various parties for the MLA election which will be held on the 27th of this month. February.
After taking many decisions, it came forward to urge unity in standing up for the people against the forced provision of DAWAI and AADHAAR. central government as well as various state governments.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Nepoleon S Mawphniang said that at present, the employees of the PHE department who are on Master Roll and Work Charge have been working for two months. November.
“We will never forget the incident in Mukroh and we will never forget it, we now on behalf of the government will not talk about the status quo anymore. in the past few decades and in the past decade,” said Prestone.
On this day, an Open Tug of War will be held for women only. 10 per team, 7 performers and 3 benchers.
In 1962, there was also a border war between China and India.
The MAC of KAAC, is not a speaker, but in his speech, he urged the people of Block-2, to live in peace and not to to create ethnic differences, especially between the Karbi and Khasi, who live in the area.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma has asked the MDA government on the shooting death of Bah Cherishtarfield Thangkiew.
Marak said, “How can a person born to a non-Garo mother or a non-Garo father become a Garo, only by the recognition of those Kurs known as Deragata, through Do you follow the Garo customs? Likewise, how can a non-Garo be recognized as a Garo just because he marries a Garo or just because he has promised to follow the customs and traditions of the Garo people?” he asked. Marak said in a statement.
Shillong: U Minister of Electricity, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the shortage of electricity in the state has increased due to the loss of 2 units. NEEPCO and the power outage in the state will continue as the state is currently short of 180 MW. Speaking to media, the Minister said that in the state Up to 4 units have been lost and NEEPCO has also stopped supplying electricity to the state due to the loss of 2 units.
The union said that since the 1950-60s, there have been Khasi, who have taken the jait from their fathers and this continues to this day. They shall not be prohibited from obtaining a Scheduled Tribe Certificate.
When investigating the incident, police found that the suspect was killed by bloodthirsty men who had killed his wife Nojeni B Marak for a fee of T.60,0 It was also found that the reason for the killing of him was because he had gone out to shoot and beat his wife every day.
Recently, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi in a speech in Washington said that the BJP will be defeated in the Assembly elections in the next three or four years. Congress, in which it was clear that the opposition parties need to overthrow the ruling government because it does not give the support for the majority of churches in the country.
The death toll remained unchanged until today, while the next day, on Tuesday, three more people died. rise to 278 people.
Chiboon who died in the battle, chiboon who was imprisoned, was killed.
The Commissioner and Secretary, Electricity Department, Sanjay Goyal, has announced the proposal to use solar panels as a solution to Meghalaya as this solution can generate electricity from the sun by using them. rivers and lakes to enable more electricity generation.
Violence and hatred must stop.
Meghalaya TMC President Charles Pyngrope on Tuesday announced the names of 52 candidates for the 2023 elections including Dr Mukul Sangma from Songsak and Tikrikilla constituencies. .
Hercules said the HYC has invited the Sordar to come along with Bahadur to discuss the issue with the HYC leaders.
Kamalakhya Dey Purkayastha followed the advice of the Speaker of the Assam Legislative Assembly, Biswajit Daimari, who suggested to stay with the tree owners to avoid the increase in electricity bills. The heat wave has hit the state in the past few days.
He said that some of them have worked for nearly 30 years and he hopes that the government will reinstate them.
He said that thanks to the hard work of Dr. Sutnga, many of the needs of the hospital have started to be met compared to the previous months.
Timmy Ryngkhlem scored the first goal for Thrangchynnam FC in the 66th minute.
The FKJGP also hopes that its members will continue to work hard for the development of the country and the nation and for a bright future.
Hardeep S Puriu said that Indore has always won awards.
US security forces have also denied that Iran was helping the crew to escape, which the United States considers a false statement.
We have seen through social media that the Ministers of the MDA government who have been in power for the past five years have been praying and praying that they will win the 2023 elections happily. However, many social media outlets do not accept the anti-incumbency waves of the MDA government.
Shillong: On the night of 13th June 2021, at 8 pm, a terrible incident occurred at Sohdadek village under Mairang Civil Sub Division.
“The State Bank of India has the potential to be one of the leading banks in the world and you also have the opportunity to transform the way you serve the people with a goal, vision, to reach there,” said the Prime Minister.
The Ministry of Home Affairs recently announced four new medals, two for gallantry and two for service to all members of the CAPF, State Police, Civil Defense & Home Guards, RPF, Correctional Services, Fire Service and others.
The ECC together with the Dorbar Shnongs led by the Waheh Shnongs of the area request the Prime Minister to take action and issue an order immediately by ordering the owners of these factories. The 29 coke factories should be demolished within three months and if such an order cannot be issued, the District Administration should direct the District Administration to demolish these 29 coke factories.
The procession was attended by the elderly, youth, women and children.
Although the Nagas live in different districts of Nagalang, Manipur, Assam, from their clan we can understand that they are Chang Naga or Ao Naga or other Naga sub. -tribe.
Nongstoin, July 5: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District on Friday, July 5, 2023, has released the Final Draft Electoral Roll of those who have reached the age of 18 years. 1st July 2022 for the three constituencies of 32 Nongtoin, 33 Rambrai and 34 Mawshynrut.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 07: In this world of unemployment, many young people are facing difficulties in life due to the lack of jobs, but this unemployment has not stopped them. to an elderly man who works hard to support his family.
When they reach the Bramaputra River, these small rivers and the rivers of the Garo Hills will also start to flow together.
After the robbery, the two men immediately informed the Rangbah Shnong of Mawiong and called the public and the robbers were arrested.
The Freshers Meet was attended by Khasi students from Dehradun as well as students from other states of the North East including Mizoram, Nagaland and others.
“I too will contest the upcoming elections and I request those present at this meeting to announce this,” said Ma Pala.
Captain Sangma said he is confident that the people and the State Government will always put this goal before them despite the different working methods of the political parties in the State.
The people here live on the cultivation of kwai and tynpew and they live together with other Khasi Khara brothers who come from Pynursla, Amlarem and other places.
Born on July 27, 1880, she was the first deaf woman to graduate with a Bachelor of Arts (BA).
Speaking on behalf of the EJNC, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that as leaders, they should be steadfast, steadfast and he congratulated the EJNC and hopes that the EJNC will continue to grow stronger. a heritage that cannot serve the country and the nation.
Of these, up to 80 per cent of the respondents supported the holding of elections at the same time.
Speaking to media, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, President of the party, said that the reason why the HSPDP does not want to take part in the presidential election is because it does not want a candidate. The NDA has said that Ram Nath Kovind is a man who has made remarks against the Muslim minority in India by saying that Muslims are the only ones who have come to this country.
Speaking on the matter, the police did not comment on the matter, saying that they have not yet found anything and the case is still in doubt. “If you call the SP's son, we will know the reason,” said the police source.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya on Tuesday arrested two Bangladeshis identified as MD Habibullah (31) from Meghalaya. Md Jahangir Mia (35) of Noakhali district, Bangladesh, were on their way to the Indian border in West Garo Hills district.
Shillong: The MDA government today announced its candidate for the election of the Speaker of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh in the Legislative Assembly which will start on Tuesday.
An earthquake measuring 3.4 on the Richter scale struck Kishtwar at 4 pm on Tuesday.
Shillong, June 18: The EVM has caused all the votes cast to reach the Congress candidate in Sindhudurge district on Friday.
Before announcing the order, Bah Metbah said that this is not the first time that a Member of the House (Saleng) has issued a statement and that he has to issue an order to remove these words from the House archive in many cases.
“I have discussed with the NPP two issues, I have discussed with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong to complete the outstanding works and the development scheme, the issue of uranium should not arise again.
Nongpoh, Nailur 20: The 22nd All India Baliram Boro Gold Cup Football Championship 2022 organized by the Harisinga AC/ABSU and Harisinga Football Association has come to an end. The final match between Ri-Bhoi United FC and Harisinga FC was played at the Rabi Kachari Mini Stadium, Udalgari Assam.
Although there were officers and lawyers who represented the District Council at the meeting, no Sohra MDC Donevan Kharwanlang or their MLA Donkupar Roy attended the meeting. they shall be with the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Union Minister in charge of Ports, Shipping & Waterways and Ayush, Sarbananda Sonowal on Thursday inaugurated various projects to improve the workforce in the North Eastern Region. The Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH) is located at Mawdiangdiang, Shillong.
Point 1 (Reservation No. 1) may start with the reserved category or unreserved category followed by point 2 (Reservation No. 2) and so on based on the Reservation Policy in force.
Millions of citizens of the United States have been affected by the Covid-19 pandemic.
Symond gave birth to a son from Boris in June last year, named Wilfred.
Shillong: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) today accepted the report of the Katoki Committee, which alleged that there is continuous illegal mining of coal in the country. State of Meghalaya.
I am confident that the government will strengthen this department because the Social Welfare Department should be a big department because it is responsible for the welfare of women and children, the care of children, a This department is responsible for the health of mothers and children and many other activities.
When God placed man on this earth, His purpose was for man to take care of it, which we read according to the Word of God (Genesis 1:26-30).
Police have registered a case under Section 506 IPC and Section 5(j)(ii)(1)(n)/6 of the POCSO Act.
Gen 2:8, “And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the man. created".
Shillong, March 21: Maitshaphrang on Friday sent a letter to the MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum to look into the request of the Minister of Arts and Culture of the State Government to talk to the Phan Nonglait was recognized as the first Khasi woman hero who took part in the struggle for independence against the British.
There are roots called aerial roots like those that grow from the branches of the banyan tree.
Mawkyrwat, July 17: A group of about 9 wild boars have climbed to Lum Ïawpaw and started destroying crops such as kwai, tympew, synsar, diengkait and even the houses of the farmers in which this is something that discourages the farmers who have worked hard in the planting and burial.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Dorbar Shnong of Phodeit-sim village in Phodkroh Ranikor has not received electricity since the establishment of the village in 1996 until today. They have sent a letter to the village to bring electricity to the village.
Titos immediately spoke to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to call for a meeting and after a while they had a meeting with Conrad where Titos led them. employees.
However, despite the attacks on the teachers who have been dismissed from the government for failing to pass the MTET examination, even though many of them have taught for many years, they have been able to sit at the gate of the Secretariat and plastic bag.
The child was said to have already carried the heavy knife with the intention of killing the English teacher.
“We want to abolish the discrimination against teachers and introduce a new system of work, where the salary should be equal to the work,” said Bah Nongsiang.
So far, 13,000 pigs have died in Assam from the disease.
There has also been flooding of roads in some places near Lumshyrngam due to the flooding of the Lyteiñ River. The villages which have to pass through this bridge include Lumshyrngam, Daistong, Bam Khoo Sngi, Saipung and other villages in the area. Saipung and others.
Among the damage caused by the natural disasters, the worst damage was in Mawkynrew area, where seven houses were destroyed, two shops and the old Dorbar Shnong collapsed. Earthquake in Thangbnai and Umblai villages.
The three candidates will contest against the sitting MLA, Adelbert Nongrum from the Voice of the People (VPP), Ransom Sutnga from the National People's Party (NPP), Dr. Aman from the National People's Party (NPP). The United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate Samla Elgiva Rynjah of the Trinamool Congress, Bah Kyrsoi Pyrtuh and other candidates who may appear later.
However, we leave it to the wisdom of the electorate because they are the ones who will decide but on my part I am not afraid or hesitant if the party supports me.
Police on Friday took custody of BJP Meghalaya Vice President Bernard N Marak for eight days.
Many messages of condolence have flowed to express the deep sorrow on the passing away of former MLA Mawlai, KSU Mawlai Circle expresses its deep sorrow on the sudden passing away of Bah Founder S.Cajee MLA /MDC Mawlai Constituency and one of the former leaders of the KSU in the past years.
Shillong, Nailar, 26: Mawlynnong, which is known as the cleanest village in Asia, has won another silver medal as a tourist destination. The best eco tourism destination in India.
Six months after the Assembly elections, a dark cloud has covered the supporters of the UDP in Sohiong, where their candidate, Bah HDR Lyngdoh also known as Maheh, He passed away on the evening of 20th June at Bethany Hospital.
In a statement, NPP President Kitborlang Nongrem said that the decision was taken after a meeting between the party leaders including the party leaders. Vice President of the party Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar and Nelbi.
The Dorbar Chnong Wapungskur, in a statement issued by its Waheh Chnong, Ma Satly Ryngkhlem, as part of its cooperation with the government in relation to the curfew in villages in India to curb The outbreak of COVID-19 has banned the entry and exit of all persons within the boundary of the village.
However, the UDP has also accused some politicians of encouraging foreigners to register as voters for their own benefit.
The midfielder made nine appearances for England this season before being sent off against Belgium in October.
In the second match, Nonghali beat Nangkiew FC 3-1
Meanwhile, Bah Witting Mawsor described the Bill as a slap in the face of the MDCs who have to resign halfway from the post of MDC. Rule 132 of the Rules of Procedure, while the case is pending in the Court, no law can be passed or challenged but why does the government take action against this case while it is pending in the Court?
Shillong, June 26: The AICC General Secretary for Meghalaya, V Naraya Nasawamy, on Tuesday said that the Congress-led MUA government will release the progress report on the development works done in the state in the coming months. the last two years.
The winner of the match which was played at 5:30 pm went to Gordon Basawïawmoit who scored all the goals for the team (Kharang Sc).
In the meeting between the two parties, they reached an agreement that the post of CEM will be appointed by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem while the post of Deputy CEM will be appointed by Bah Sawkmie. There has been no agreement within the PDF on other posts such as chairman and EM. Media reports said that tomorrow, 10th October, the PDF will send a letter to the The ARPA is currently in the midst of a small number of 14 members, but it is still holding the EC in KHADC. If the ARPA does not take responsibility to stand on its own, the PDF will meet with the Governor in the coming days.
Folk Dance (Group): First Prize Sutnga Government UPS, Sutnga, Second Prize: Sacred Heart UPS, Lamyrsiang, Third Prize: Khliehriat Presbyterian UPS, Khliehriat.
Also present at the ceremony were the MLA of the area, Bah PT Sawkmie, Rangbah Shnong Tyllilang Mylliem Umlong, village officials and others.
The destruction of hills and rivers to produce stone plants for livestock.
Residents of 15 villages in Rambrai, West Khasi Hills in collaboration with FKJGP, KSU, Rambrai Circle and KSU in Mawlangria near Mawiawtep in Rambrai area, they have suspended their plan to stop the mining site in Mawlangria.
Shortly after, police arrived at the scene and managed to arrest the crowd but there was no incident at other banks like SBI in Chokpot.
The Deputy Commissioner urged all the people who have not yet registered to take this opportunity to register themselves.
God forbids this practice but what God does not want that person does and all is just empty and wickedness.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: While the Congress has held a rally at Dhankheti parking lot to protest against the abolition of T.1000 and T.500 notes, the BJYM Meghalaya has supported by putting up posters at every parking lot. located in the city of Shillong.
We also know that the success of the group is due to the contribution of Bah Nah.
The Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, said that the problem of resolving the border between Assam and Meghalaya in the Langpih area is due to the fact that the villages Nepalis want to go to Assam.
The students of the school said that they came to the school to prepare for the Parish Day and some of the students came to wear short pants without knowing it. ei ei, because they were not properly instructed how to come, but they were arrested by these school authorities without any question or explanation.
When asked in what manner the government has punished the perpetrators, Bah HDR Lyngdoh said that those arrested have been handed over to the court for trial.
“We feel that this issue of ethnic and religious discrimination has been raised so that people will not be able to point fingers at other issues in the country,” she said.
And remember that Christ also said clearly Go into the world.
Joseph said the secretary's statement is surprising because when they protested, he promised to pass the Essential Services Management Act (ESMA) but now he has said to shut down the project.
“The infant mortality rate is 29 points from the national average of 28 for 2020-2
He explained that Bah Ardent and the VPP are thinking of providing government jobs to all the youth in the state.
On Tuesday, Pughoboto constituency had the highest turnout (92.11%), followed by Tseminyu constituency with 91.88% of voters and Mon constituency (90.67%).
If they wanted peace, rank, wealth, they could have done it, but you know, there will still be a Khasi-Jaintia people, there will still be District Councils, Hima and Dorbar Shnongs.
Out of these five days, five days have been allocated for government business and three days for private member's business.
Those who wish to apply can call 70056 66802.
At the same time, Bah PM Syiem said that the government should not accept or recognize the certificates issued by the parties through various committees, but should recognize only the certificates issued by the elders. a village established by the people and recognized by the authorities according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi.
“We have always promised that if the state government gives us the support and money, we will release our salaries.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has written on Twitter that he condemns the arrest of these Laitumkhrah church leaders and has directed the state police to investigate. , from the Bihar Police, to find out about these robbers and to lodge a complaint against them.
The construction of the market in Laitumkhrah under the Smart City project will be completed in June,
Of the expenditure allocated in the current budget, T.98,030 crore will go to the welfare of women, T.81,075 crore for the welfare of children and then T.81,075 crore for the welfare of children. T.53,706 crore for the North East.
“In terms of cleanliness, I agree with that because this is food, how much happier we can be if we can keep our food clean and that is not necessary to force. “It should come from our feelings as sellers,” said Bah Warlarpih.
The Superintendent of Police (SP) East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday said that the police have taken measures to combat the mining and transportation of coal. illegal in this district.
LA Jan ends the season byrngem she byrngem.
On receiving the incident, the Umiam Police Station rushed to the scene to provide assistance to the injured and rushed them to Bhoirymbong CHC for treatment. treatment of those who were injured.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has denied the allegation by former CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, that he is not a member or MDC of the KHADC. Speaking to reporters, Prestone said, “I am not a member of KHADC and I am not an MDC. Why am I involved in changing the political system within the KHADC? Please ask the UDP how Prestone can change the Executive Committee of the KHADC.
“I have been strong in all seven districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills,” said Pastor Basaiawmoit when asked how he felt after the polling.
He also announced that the government will give Rs 4 lakh to the families of the deceased.
" he questioned.
The UDP also demanded that the government should set up an inquiry into the Myntdu-Leskha power project.
Jowai: A Nepali woman has been stabbed to death by her husband at a coal mine in Deinchynrum Bypass, near the DC Office. , Head.
Most of the injured have been admitted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The Director of C&RD, Akash Deep, said that the incident in Shella Bholaganj has been caused by a complaint by the BDO since July this year against the JEs of the block.
The program was held at the hall of the KJFA Village Organization Mawlangdep. In the presence of KJFA leaders including John Dkhar Vice President, Philip Marweiñ, D.Tiewla Asst Director, KJFA Horticulture Department, employees of KJFA Mawlangdep Circle and farmers from 40 villages under Mawlangdep Circle.
Robertjune Kharjahrin President HYC said, “First of all, these people should not forget the incident in Ichamati, Mawlong District on 28th June this year when Khar Bengalis came out of the village to We have lost even the precious soul of one of the members of our Jaidbynriew, Bah Lurshai Hynniewta.
Even if we lose this Pandemic year, there will be many other years to come and to fall from the treasures of God's eternity, and we will not lose anything. No.
Ira Bhaskar said the Board is dysfunctional and has no intention of being there as a member.
There is no need to vote for the MDA government. Vote for the Congress.
It is to be recalled that the teachers' protest is that the government should increase their salaries and increase them from Adhoc to Deficit.
Shillong: The EM in charge of Building Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today said that the Building Regulatory Authority (KHADC) has been set up in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). (KHSRA) to look after the construction of houses in the areas within the boundary of KHADC. Speaking to media, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the new milestone in the work of Building Bye Laws Department has been authorized to prepare Building Bye Laws in relation to the land within the boundary of KHADC. In July 2019, the State Government has already informed the public about the implementation of the Building Bye Laws by stating that there will be two authorities in charge and that is MUDA will look after the land under the Municipal. and the ADCs shall be responsible for the areas within the boundaries of the Autonomous District Councils.
Dipul won the seat without any opposition after many Congress MDCs and other members joined the NPP. Dipul took over from Boston Marak, CEM of the Congress party, who sent his resignation letter. jongu, on Saturday, to the Governor of the State.
The Nyingchi Airport was built in 2004 and completed in 2006 and is located near the Brahmaputra River, 15 kilometers from the border with India.
All the MLAs and MDCs of Shella and Sohra constituencies have been invited to attend the meeting.
However, the filmmakers including many tyngshops urged Bah Commander and Bah Nichlolas not to comment on this statement, but to continue to take part in the festival especially so that they can learn more. to improve in the field of filmmaking and also to be able to improve the organization of the Meghalaya International Film Festival.
You have given yourself to me.
Leaders come, give speeches and leave without listening to our suggestions,” they said.
Jamshaphrang Kharsati scored the first goal for SC in the 26th minute.
“The government, the chief minister and the cabinet should take the responsibility of fulfilling the long pending aspirations of the people to avoid agitations in the state,” the four NGOs – KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF, said in a statement issued here on Sunday.
In his speech, Diocesan Youth Director Fr Jemris Shylla urged the youth of the church to pray for peace and order in the country and that religious differences will not enter his mind. citizens of the country.
The registration fee is T.100 (Solo), Group T.200 and participation fee is T.
Captain Sangma, Chief Minister, said, 'On the RESERVATION POLICY, I STRONGLY REQUEST YOU' (that means BB Lyngdoh and E. Bareh) to think sympathetically of us Garo because They are still very few compared to you Khasi and Jaintia and let this be only 15 or 20 years and then it will be resolved.
“The purpose of holding a public hearing by the Meghalaya Linguistic Forum is to stir up trouble not only for the HNYF but for the indigenous people of the State.
On this occasion, the Run Meghalaya Association also honored three runners who won the title in Manali, Tlanding Wahlang, Swonding Mawlong and Okitlang Syiemlieh. .
“As the JAC, we strongly condemn whether it is the private sector, the politicians or any groups who interfere in the work of the Raid Sawsymper.
All voters in all constituencies in Meghalaya will have to bring and present their EPIC to identify themselves at the Polling Stations before casting their vote.
All the field offices of the Ministry of Labor of the Central and State Governments as well as the Regional Offices of EPFO ​​and ESIC attended the meeting.
The Association also informed that on this occasion, Professor Wanshaphrang Tiewsoh, MFSc, NET from St. Anthony's College.
The UDP will not be able to remove the 11 MLAs from the government because it does not need them anymore.
Police sources said that they have learned the name of the suspect and have received information that he is not in Shillong and it is understood that he has arrived in West Bengal. Meghalaya and West Bengal are still searching for the suspect.
Four employees of the North Korean Economic Ministry have been shot dead by North Korean troops during a dinner clash. by North Korea.
They also said that according to the current situation, they demand that the qualified doctors of the State should come forward to explain to the people about the benefits and shortcomings of the Covid-19 vaccine. some in doubt need to be guided by qualified health care providers and not guidance from government officials.
"He blessed them and wished them success in their work.
On this occasion, the donation was witnessed by the people who donated in the presence of the organizers.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : With the aim of improving education in the state, the state government has ordered the repair and maintenance of nearly 1,000 schools across the state.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that the State Government will have to hold a review on the 28th June 2021 and it is here that they will discuss whether the State needs it or not. to impose a curfew in the entire state.
Shillong, July 8 : The state government has no intention of closing down schools with a shortage of students.
Moosianglamare New beat Wahsanphaw SC 3-1 while Tuber Shohshrieh beat Mookympad SC 3-1 in the tie breaker.
Rangdajied United FC have set a record for the most wins in the Shillong Premier League 2023-24 after beating Mawlai SC 2-1 in the final of last season. In the first half on Thursday, they had to play only 10 players in the 20 minutes left before the end of the first half.
There have been 2,116 new cases of corona virus in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to 84,3
“Lydia, how are you?” Bah Let asked. “I'm fine, Mama...” Lydia replied respectfully.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Joint Committee, together with the children, requested the government not to demolish this place and not to use this place for other purposes. and to improve this facility for the revival of sport in the state.
However, when they are sick, she takes them to health centers and she said that doing this gives her joy because she can help the poor and needy.
"In the discussion which lasted about 15 minutes, the leaders of MGSPHSVA, explained how to implement the rules and regulations and with the cooperation we can resolve and at the same time protect the rights of to earn income for the market vendors and to clean up and beautify the city of Shillong.
In addition, Bah Samlin also announced that in April/November he will distribute a scheme of up to Rs 5 crore for the years 2021 and 2022 where there will be up to 4000 beneficiaries.
The Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw Pyllun strongly condemns those involved in the shooting.
According to sources close to the opposition, before the formation of the PDF, there was a meeting between Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Pynshngain N Syiem and Process T Sawkmie at Assembly Hotel, Khyndailad, and during the meeting, they devised a plan to dissolve the EC led by Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
The implementation of this strategy will last for about 10 months and will focus on the use of Artificial Intelligence in robot boats that collect garbage in order to restore the beauty and cleanliness of Umïam Lake. .
There were times when he listened carefully to their speeches and there he could tell what they thought and what their experience was because there were those before him.
This decision was taken by the ENCC at its meeting held on 10th July 2022 at Nongkhroh.
It will also be a memorable day for the Meghalayan Age Store, New Delhi which has been in existence for two years.
To get this, they should sleep only in the general ward of a government hospital.
Shillong, March 09: The Minister of Public Health Engineering (PHE), Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, has sought a report on the excessive expenditure of the department on the implementation of the water supply project. to parts of Shillong through the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS).
He said that about 500 vehicles of tourists arrive every day and it is more during the holidays.
The ECC also warns that after the demolition and abolition of the illegal Coke factories, the competition of the ECC will be easier for those who have already received the CTE and CTO and condemns the The Meghalaya High Court has also questioned those people involved in the illegal operation of Coke factories in the district. , on this occasion, the ECC is ready to join hands to eradicate the illegal factories, as the ECC does not have sufficient evidence to prove that RIT has found that there are 32 units owned by foreigners as benami especially in those Coke factories which have received them. CTO.What is surprising to the ECC is that although the cases are still pending in the High Court and Supreme Court and despite many memoranda sent to the Chief Minister, but In the past few months, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board has launched three more CTE Units of coke factories in the district. The M/S Presidium Breeze of Nongsning, Sutnga District, has also questioned the ECC and said that it needs to get a clear answer on how the MSPCB has received the documents required to release. this is the Unit.
Second, what drew Paul to Jesus was a life of abundance and freedom.
Jowai: Two mothers and children have lost their lives at 4:30 pm this morning.
The office is located near Mookyndur village in West Jaintia Hills.
The funeral service will be held on 24.11.2019 (Sunday) at Khimmusniang Cemetery Jowai at 10:00 pm.
Superintendent of Police Davis R Marak today raised a flag at Sardar Police Station where bikes marched around Shillong to announce the fight against drug trafficking.
Speaking on the occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that with the joining of the NPP leaders, the party will fight as hard as it can to form a single government. year 2023.
During the tenure of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma, many armed groups including the ANVC were called for peace talks and the party itself at that time accepted to talk peace, but the government which The HNLC has used other methods when talking to the Khasi and Jaintia armed groups by refusing to take part in politics as we have seen in the media. its ambition and its plans for peace talks.
“If through RTI we can stop corruption, we feel it is a victory for this generation,” he said.
She was honored by former Union Minister Ram Kripal Yadav.
The Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Bill (Second Amendment Bill) 2018 is one of the most important bills of this era to expel the slap from the land of Hynniewtrep.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul said that Prestone's statement that they are fooling every five years, while the people are also fooling. It is surprising how the Symbud Prime Minister, is still willing to say such words and Dr Mukul urged to avoid those who lie from time to time.
In another incident, on Friday, the Custom Department seized 50 byrni of Chinese rynsun weighing 950 grams, which was smuggled from the border.
He said the meeting decided to insert para 12 (a and b) which allows the laws created by the Council to be incorporated into the laws of the state government.
The lack of understanding between the District Councils and the State Government is the main reason for the problems in the country. How much better it would be if the District Councils became party-free, because as of now, the private sector is the largest group.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, today sent the name of HSPDP MDC from Mawshynrut, Bah Morningstar Mawsor, for inclusion in the list of Executive Members of the Executive Committee (EC). .
Father Maliekal said that Father Wollaston was a very bright student and worked in many villages and cities of India and the region including Bandel in West Bengal. , Bombay, Haflong, Marbisu and Sacred Heart Theological College in Mawlai.
Unbelief brings the wrath of God.
However, if we do evil, we will receive a reward and a reward that is equal to or greater than that of others.
He wished the society to continue to grow and increase its income.
Speakers at the opening ceremony of the tournament, including the chief guest, Abhijit Kro, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh and Andrew Lyngdoh, son of Bah EK Mawlong, praised the Mawlasnai Football Association for thinking of Remember this great leader of the state.
We are strengthening ourselves and the party's foundation so that we can fight against any challenges especially in relation to the upcoming elections in 2023,” he said.
Beautiful English houses with flower gardens around and peaceful people, sports, golf at Golflink, horse racing at Madan Polo, dances at Shillong Club or Pine Wood and place of walking.
in lane by phone at (0364) 2721212, 2721213, 2721215, 2721221,
According to Kong War, this action of the department has been successful compared to the past.
T.Shiwat urged the residents of the border areas not to be afraid or discouraged as the Council will fight to protect the land according to the authority to verify them. land is your land.
[continued] “I want to see your new family stronger than this which has happened like a windstorm.
At a meeting held at Shillong Club, Shillong, 40 beneficiaries from East Khasi Hills District received LPG. He urged the State Government to work hard to complete this project.
The Seng Khasi branches and all the branches of the Seng are invited to attend the lympung during these days to witness and encourage the dancers so that we can also showcase to the world. the richness of the customs and traditions of the Hynniewtrep people.
Sanwaka Surong has won the Miss Meghalaya Title 2019 organized by the Meghalaya Tourism Youth Development Society in collaboration with T7 News Channel.
Sainkupar said the state government should announce the names of the ksiang to the public soon as the party is ready to come to the negotiating table.
Police are investigating the case.
The Meghalaya Police have successfully summoned the man who had already surrendered the knife and started walking and standing in the community in the village.
The last film they worked together on was Kambakkht Ishq in 2009.
In 1980 it was even higher, that is, 4.6 percent.
Most of the drugs were seized from Mukutapur BOP area under Dawki Police Station.
Skit and drama games, quizzes and various competitions during the two-day program focused on raising awareness on HIV/AIDS, STI/RTI and the dangers of drug abuse. , at the same time skits, dramas and other programs provide training on how to overcome evil temptations and encourage them to overcome drugs, prostitution and how to cut wood. HIV/AIDS and how to support those with HIV/AIDS by encouraging them, not to look down on them but to encourage them to have a better future. good.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that the situation in the country is like a social emergency and requires tough decisions. He said that the government's goal is to protect every human life.
Jammu & Kashmir Police on Tuesday in collaboration with the Security Forces arrested two Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) supporters in Shopian.
These samples of water have been handed over to the Food & Safety department for testing and it is understood that it will take about half a month or about 14-15 days to get the report. .
The SPC strongly condemns this incident, said a statement sent by the President of the Shillong Press Club, Bah David O. Laitphlang.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) which is still under preparation by the Central Government will be implemented by the Union Government. It does not include the states of North East India.
Marweiñ has lodged a complaint at the Police Out Post, Gumaghat.
The monthly GST collection for the first quarter of 2021-22, 22-23 and 23-24 fiscal years is T.1.10 lakh crore, T.1.51 lakh crore and T. 1.69 lakh crore.
He said that if he wins, he will bring about a clean and transparent working environment in the district without discrimination, whether the poor or the rich should be equal, whether they are supporters or not. same.
Speeches were also delivered by the leaders of various parties, in which they said that at this time they have no doubt that Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, who is the joint candidate of the party, will win the election. The MDA government has seen the unity of the Riewlum parties for the victory of Dr. Jemino Mawthoh.
“God will tell me where I should go and I have decided to go to Brazil, because I want to go back to my country and help the people in that country”.
The media did not have the opportunity to speak to Bah Tongper for a long time, but the army said that in 2015, the police arrested him, but he left again. , but this time the BSF will help him to live his life in the right way.
This festival is also an opportunity to remember the founders of Jowai, which is now the District Headquarters of West Jaintia Hill District of Meghalaya. the year.
He said that even during the election, the teachers who have to focus on the work of teaching in schools, the government does not respect and sends them to go on election duty and this is unacceptable and as teachers. they should get the perfect amount of time to give time for students and not in other activities.
The duty of the media is to bring all these news to the public.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court (MHC) on Tuesday ordered the Chief Secretary and the Director General of Police (DGP) not to investigate any political activities. implement the law to completely curb the illegal mining of coal in the State.
SP Vivekanand Singh IPS, while explaining to the village leaders of Sonapyrdi and the KSU, said that the BSF has the authority to patrol, but they cannot build camps and directed the Lumshong Police to investigate and take necessary action.
This is the honor of Conrad K Sangma despite the accusations.
Shillong: All the people of the state who are earning their living and working in their own fields have been affected by the second lockdown in the state after the outbreak of Covid-1 The City Bus drivers are among those who have expressed their concern.
“This is one of the issues that has been going on for a long time in the state,” said the Chief Minister.
According to Bah Shangpliang, a woman named Banisha Syiemiong was the one who instigated the incident against the village officials because the village has already warned them for their immoral actions. .
The awards were distributed to both the groups by Bah Aron Bamon, one of the leaders of the region in the presence of SBSA President Victor Suja, Rimi Shadap, General Secretary and other members of SBSA. On the other hand, the final of the Super Division Football League will be played on the 18th between Mulait United FC and Lamyrsiang SCC at 12:30 pm.
“This 'Khang Bat Ar Kam Act' is like a gun without a bullet and has no purpose,” said HSPDP MLA from Mawshynrut Bah Witting Mawsor while moving a Call Attention Motion in the House. today on this law.
So far, the Police have conducted searches and surveillance throughout the district.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Minister of State for Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri. long that you are the Symbud.
He said he is pleased to know that in this village there are groups which have received certificates as organic farmers or PGS groups.
All those who visited the area, said that they will inform the Meghalaya government on this issue, so that the state government can take action in talks with Assam.
On the other hand, the CEM promised to take action on this issue.
(Revenue) i/c Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, Amlarem.
The program was organized by the Song and Drama Division under the Information and Broadcasting Department of the Government of India.
The SVP road at Pyrkan, Shella under Shella-Bholaganj C&RD Block has been damaged but after repairs, vehicles have been allowed to pass.
Although a statement from the three parties confirmed that Mawlai MDC Process T Sawkmie will attend the event, sources said that only those who have decided to attend the event will attend the event. Ardent M Basaiawmoit along with several MDCs of ARPA who used to be at his hands and feet.
Mawkyrwat, March 18: The State Council of Science Technology and Environment (SCSTE), Meghalaya today held the 31st National Children's Science Conference. Congress 2023 was held at the Hall of the Public Health Engineering (PHE) Office, Mawkyrwat Division.
Sailung Ïalong scored 10 goals in the 80th minute through a mistake by Heibormi Sungoh.
However, the residents of both sides did not believe this and the curfew has continued till today.
AIM urges the people of the country from rural, urban and suburban areas including market dwellers, day labourers, farmers, government employees, Muster Roll and parents who send their children to school as well as others to The Awaken India Movement (AIM) has decided to hold a sit-in-demonstration on the occasion. days for the protection of one's rights and also to enjoy peace in the midst of complete freedom without interference.
This was decided at a meeting of the Joint Action Committee (JAC), which was held today at 7mer, where they also decided not to allow trucks carrying dewbilat and eit. dewbilat also, from the 13th of this month, from 1 pm until the dewbilat companies implement the demands laid down by the committee.
The party strongly condemns this action of the minister who has tried to distort the history of the jaitbynriew.
Prof. Albert expressed her surprise when the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government demanded an explanation through a statement, while another department of the Government issued this order on the 7 18th May.
The Central Government Act stipulates that all coal mines in the country should be under the control of the Central Government but in Meghalaya, it has been released and the ownership of the mines remains with the people. individual.
It may be recalled that it is also on this issue, which Shullai, has strongly opposed in the past few months and in which he has already given a six-month deadline to the BJP government, to repeal the bill, or that he has threatened (at Student Square) to leave the party, on the issue of fighting against the Jaitbynriew.
In the U-21 men's category, H Lalrinzuala of Mizoram (Golden Glove), Joseph Lalvenhima of Mizoram (Golden Boot) and Figo Syndai of Meghalaya (Player of the Tournament) were awarded.
Although they did not have adequate sports facilities like other states of the country, but with their hard work and dedication, the state has brought four athletes under the banner of the Muay Thai Association. of Meghalaya to represent India at the IFMA World Championship Muaythai to be held in Bangkok, Thailand.
In the first semifinal, Ratacherra Lumtrom SC won the tie breaker 3-1
However, the Council has not yet accepted the proposal as it will hold a meeting on Monday, where the applicants must submit their residence documents from the Rangbah Shnong. The Council will decide what to do.
This is also an appeal to the citizens to refrain from deciding whether to vote for Bai sha or Bai Honor because this is exactly how you are losing your rights that you get once every five years with money.
A short speech was also delivered by the Chief Secretary, Bah Kitborlang, who said that many of those arrested for drug trafficking are foreigners, which shows that they are threatening the nation through this illegal drug.
Swara Jeet Das (1/30 in 14 overs), Jaskirat (1/34 in 9 overs) and Dippu Ch Sangma (1/57 in 13 overs) also took wickets.
“Neither the All India Trade Union Congress nor the International Workers' Trade Union Congress (ITUC) has received any information about this new salary,” he said.
If the authorities or the leaders do not do anything about this, a big problem will arise because this has been a one-sided burden of the election and has caused differences even within the state.
And after this shall come the end of the world, and there shall be no more world.
Investigators suspect that it may have been an explosion of underground gas pipes.
The action of the police has caused division and violence.
In connection with this, Ency Shadap on the 19th of this month lodged a complaint against Lucas Rymbai of Pamra village in Lad area. Rymbai at Khliehriat Police Station.
On the other hand, Samla Muthok Khongmawloh, Founder & Chairman of Pyrshang Da Lade & Little Star Football Club, without mentioning the names of all the players, said that he would like to thank all those who supported and participated in this Riwar Cup football tournament. “Welfare Nongrum, Public Secretary Riwar Cup, said in a statement.
Not only that, the Hynniewtrep people have been using herbal medicines for hundreds of years.
“Police have registered a case under sections 153B/503/504/506 of the IPC and the investigation is ongoing.
“Since I was first elected MLA in 1993, I have never written a letter to appoint anyone or to give a contract to anyone,” he said. to have the courage to speak to people when they come to do something wrong.
Besides, there are 121 disabled persons aged 20 years and above who have doctoral certificates including 69 males and 52 females.
The public should be encouraged to walk on the right side of the road as much as possible and the police rules and regulations should be strictly followed as much as possible.
Shillong, July 26: Electricity consumers in Sohra area, including Laitkynsew, Mustoh, Nongwar, Mawshamok and Tyrna, have lodged a complaint against MeECL Sohra. and the fire burned, and it went up exceedingly.
In the United States, the death toll has risen to 2,600 a day, the highest daily death toll in the world.
His friend Pushkar Raj fell for 24 runs off 18 balls.
As the residents who have responsibility for the future of our children in the future and with one mind we as the residents strongly oppose this violence of the JHADC. Let us surprise people to unite and work for the good of the community.
Citrus fruits, broccoli, sweet potatoes, sweet potatoes, strawberries and sweet potatoes are among the richest sources of this vitamin.
In fact, there are also some people who do not respect those who clean up the garbage in our surroundings.
“After this, the Government has conducted the TET examination and started the recruitment in all districts except Dadenggre Sub-division,” said Bah Rymbui.
At the same time, Bah RV Lyngdoh said that he has already spoken to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Symbud Chief Minister in charge of Home Affairs for the purpose of setting up a police station. For Mylliem to provide convenience to the people of the constituency who have to go to Jhalupara and some of them have to go to Mawngap even if they have minor jobs related to the police.
Recently, various political parties have demanded that the State Government should pass a resolution in the Legislative Assembly to urge the Central Government to end all the mining of uranium in the State. state.
Vicky has been arrested on a case at Nongpoh Police Station and charged under Section 21 (b)/29 of the NDPS Act.
At the same time, she alleged that the non-implementation of the Trading License for foreigners to sell in the market, is one of the reasons for the clogging of the streets with the market vendors.
Man is immortal, but only the body and soul die.
The injured firefighter was identified as Alexander Mukhim of the Fire Service Department and was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital.
Besides the gold medals, India also won three silver and seven bronze medals.
Shillong, March 28: The KSU and FKJGP, Upper Shillong, have lodged a complaint with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, regarding the non-implementation of the Sub Center at Lad Mawreng. Since 1994, it has been built at Lad Mawreng, but the Center has been located in a house in the same village.
After this, just 10 minutes into the second half, Khliehmawlieh equalized again after D Marngar turned against the opposing goalkeeper and scored the second goal of the match. term.
?" Rida asked.
Those who provide information will be kept anonymous.
As coach, Bah Khlain joined Langsning FC in 2008 where he was the assistant coach of the club which was coached by L.Darlong.
According to the statement, filmmakers and producers in the state can receive subsidy for the production of films worth at least Rs 10 crore.
At the closing ceremony of the Silver Jubilee of the school, Ma Lahkmen launched a souvenir and opened the computer lab of the school.
Pangniang said the HSPDP has come to take part in the meeting with Garo friends to demand their own state.
Now to solve all these problems depends on the wisdom of these new Ministers of the government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma and Bah Prestone Tynsong as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The State Government has set up a Committee headed by Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Law and Justice, to discuss with all political parties for the implementation of the roster and reservation policy in the state.
The Paid Khasi of today urgently needs - more urgently than ever before - a new way of thinking to protect our nation because of the dangers that have surrounded us.
The age has changed dramatically from that age in the past.
These are the words that people with disabilities really apply in their lives especially in employment or self-employment.
He urged the women to work hard to explain in every village to strengthen the NPP from now on.
For the Coronavirus or covid-19, scientists have predicted that if people are not careful and vigilant, even if this disease stops, it will come again.
At least three people have been killed and three others injured when an Indian Air Force MiG-21 Fighter Aircraft crashed into a house in a village. village in Rajasthan, police said.
Listen, obey, accept, and apply the teachings of our heavenly Father as recorded in the Holy Bible.
“The party leaders at the Mandal meetings have said that in this election, important issues related to the problems of teachers, vacancies in government departments, non-implementation will be put forward. complete the schemes of the Central Government and the assistance given to the State Government,” said Bah Mawrie.
According to a statement issued by the Secretary of the MSA, Bah Ian Lyngdoh, all interested candidates are encouraged to register on the same day from 7:30 pm at the same venue. .
So examine yourself carefully.
The fair was inaugurated by Bah Pochester Kharkongor, IAS, Principal Secretary, Department of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya. Zone III, ICAR and Bah NS Nongbri Joint Director (R&T) of the Ministry of Agriculture along with officers of various departments of the State and Central Governments.
Speaking on the occasion, General Secretary Leningrad Tariang said that although the government has not been able to promote sports in the state, the youth sports lovers should not lose heart and work hard to reach their goals.
“We have seen in the past years, that many foreigners have misled the poor villagers to take away their land for their own purposes,” said Bah Panngiang.
In a statement sent by Dr. Kara H. Shen, Vice-President of the VPP, the party said that it would like to seek clarification from the Vice-Chancellor and the relevant authorities. The MCTA and the North Eastern Hill University Students' Union (NEHUSU) have issued a notice to the university regarding the proposal to implement the NEP
He said that due to complaints from the Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB), the signboard work for 4.35 km of the border in the Cachar-Karimganj area has not been completed. to complete.
Anyone who is sloppy in the police department will either be fired or suspended.
From Mahen Draganj constituency, Mukul Sangma's wife Dikkanchi was defeated by Conrad with more than 10,000 votes.
I'm not sure if it's true or not.
It may be recalled that the JHADC passed the bill on 12th November after the constituency division committee had held a public hearing and the bill is now awaiting the approval of the state government.
Shillong: A three-year-old child, who had just been injected with Measles-Rubella (MR), has died after 10 days at Amingokgre village, Dadenggre sub-division in West Garo Hills. .
So far, there have been two deaths and 24 confirmed cases in Bangladesh.
This shows that we need to increase the production of fish from our own state so that we don't have to rely too much on foreigners.
She said that as a woman who has been involved in politics for the past 10 years, she is ready to contest from the BJP on the basis of the rules she has set for the BJP leaders. bills currently pending in Parliament which could affect the minority community if they become law.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: U MLA of North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has strongly criticized the State President of the National People's Party (NPP), Dr. WR Kharlukhi, for his statement that the people of North Shillong should not turn the North Shillong into a state. Speaking at the NPP North Shillong meeting on the 19th of this month.
When they arrived at the scene, the Waheh Shnong of Mukhla Sohshrieh and his friends with a brave spirit and without risking their lives rushed to the river to rescue the man. The struggle to rescue the man took up to an hour and a half due to the strong wind and the rain.
“I'll leave after I've finished drinking.
Some of the many benefits of Vitamin-C include the ability to strengthen the immune system.
On the HNLC's resignation demand, the MLA said, “I have been elected by the people of 28-Sohra Constituency since 2018 onwards and will continue to serve the people of the constituency according to the path of the law.
The Governor had signed the VAB of JHADC before Christmas and now the Bill has become law while the VAB of KHADC is still pending. The KHADC is pleased to know where the VAB of the KHADC has reached.
Members of FKJGP Mairang have dispersed; but they were gathered again by the leaders of the Seng Kmie from Shillong.
They include (L) Berywell Kyndiah (1990), Skendrowell Syiemlieh (1991), (L) EBR Wanswett & (L) Litrimai Syiem (2001) & Rana Kharkongor (2006).
It is to be recalled that on the night of the 23rd and the morning of the 24th, a train carrying youths from the North East along with other states was attacked at the railway station in Bihar. There are three railway stations in the state of Bihar.
According to the leader of the meat vendors, the Minister said that their intention is right and reasonable to ensure that the cows they slaughter are safe. to eat.
At the time of the shooting, he also warned the people not to help the injured.
He said that the MegLAMP in its journey to improve the income of the people has reached 67 villages in the Block.
“It's up to you, the provider, what I'll say,” said the mother.
He said that the state police department has received detailed information about the number of robbers involved in collecting money for the curfew across the state.
He was also ready to express his views but suggested that it should be done in the presence of the media and the audience.
“We urge these five candidates including Heading Sutnga who received 11,000 Mt, Ready Sutnga who received 16480 Mt, Dominic Marthong who received 3510 Mt, K Kharkongor who received 3850 Mt and Taiphor War Dkhar, who received 28,900Mt, who received the CIL challan auction, should be able to market their challans,” he added.
Rongjeng, Naiwieng 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the Rongjeng Civil Sub-Division in East Garo Hills after more than 40 years of demand.
Shillong, November 8: Congress leader Rowell Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the Congress' defeat in other states has not affected Meghalaya for the MDC and MP elections.
Referring to Piyush Goyal's speech, he said that if there is a way, they can change the country, like Bihar.
After this, the robbers fled to the forest near Mahadev Khola.
Speaking to reporters, Ma Makham Bareh, Rangbah Shnong of Lumskhen, said that although the completion of the work has been delayed, the village hopes that the PWD department will complete the work soon. public.
From the day of Pentecost until now there has been a time of grace and the work of the Holy Spirit.
Nongpoh, March 06: After receiving a tip on the presence of several shops in Nongph, the Nongpoh Police Station today conducted a raid on the shops. During the raid, they also seized a large amount of kyiad including Khasi kyiad and phareng kyiad.
I have directed the authorities to take action and provide immediately.
It has a population of football fans and is also a district which has produced many talented players to represent the State in various sports.
They said that they have received information that many party leaders including the Working President and other senior leaders have left to follow Bah Bajop Pyngrope. There are also leaders from different villages who have left the party and joined other parties.
Shillong: Chennaiyin FC have broken the record of Shillong Lajong by winning the Hero Elite Youth League Final Round Group B in Goa today.
EPICs are also available in both the states and now they have returned all those to Assam because they want to show that they want to stay with Meghalaya.
– The main reason may be because the mother carried and nursed the six-month-old child in the womb.
Shillong: As part of the preparations to receive foreign nationals tomorrow, the State Government has decided to set up more screening centers in the State.
Ronnie said that this has destroyed the purpose of building this house which can provide assistance in times of accidents especially on the National Highway which is very busy. jing accident.
The village leaders alleged that Mainu S. Sangma, does not come whenever the village calls her to resolve these issues, and they alleged that she does not come. Nicholas Marak and the village leaders of Lalmati and Nagrabil were surprised to leave the house even after being summoned by the office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet. The Longkmie alleged that Nicholas Marak intended to rape her and kill her relatives if he did not get her.
Khliehriat, March 10: Following a complaint lodged against the Project Director of NHAI, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) has filed a complaint against the Project Director of NHAI. The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya, regarding the maintenance of the National Hoghway-6 in East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that 156 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, of which 37 cases are in Institutional Quarantine Centers and 119 cases are in Home Quarantine. He added that 76 percent of the population is under home quarantine, he added, and the need to get another sampling machine has been discussed as at present there is only one trunath machine. Only 12 or 13 samples can be taken and another machine will be provided to take more samples per day.
This Act is even more dangerous than the CAA because it aims to establish one country, one law, one language and one religion throughout India.
Kong Kmoin Wahlang, 74, is one of the women who has inspired and prided the state after she took part in the Mumbai Marathon for the first time in and has participated in many races within the state as well as across the states of India.
who can put those who say “biang lut” in destruction.
As one of the leaders of the Seng Khasi, Mawngap, Ma Kerios Wahlang has made many contributions to the society.
Prime Minister Duh thanked Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina for leading the project and said he wants to continue his cooperation with her for the welfare of the people of these areas. the two countries.
On the other hand, President Samla Pynshailang Suliang urged the state government to recognize the athletes of the state who have represented the state in major tournaments and the government should provide assistance to them so that they can improve their skills. They didn't play their games.
If the Congress government of Dr. Mukul Sangma had accepted in November 2012 the proposal of the High Level Committee on Influx to introduce the ILP, the committee would have accepted the proposal. Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister on 4.9.2012, did not comment on this issue.
Don't say that all the candidates and parties are corrupt but the parties are not corrupt, it is some corrupt people in them, they corrupt them but not all.
The DGP briefed the police on Operation Hillstorm 3 in Garo Hills.
Where did the Rs 500 crore go and where was it spent? BJP candidate from North Shillong, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang has vowed to take up the expenditure for the prevention of Covid-1
These 52 Field Assistants from the Soil and Water Conservation Department were honored by Bah Ronie Lyngdoh, Minister of State in charge of Soil and Water Conservation. Two Parliamentary Secretaries, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh and Bah Kennedy C Khriem.
They said that the action of MeECL not only affects them that they have to stay in the dark and burn sharak or candles, but they have to pay the monthly bill to MeECL and the expenditure is twice as much as the fuel bill. you have to pay your MeCEL bill too.
“We have reviewed three areas where we have to strengthen security.
That the AH&Vety will not provide masks to the farmers as they live far from the Veterinary Hospital or Dispensary.
The Music & Art Recording Studio was owned by the company of R. Suchiang.
The removal of the Dolloi.
It is now the duty of the State Government to send the Bill back to the Central Government for approval from the President.
“Whoever, whether they are supporters of political parties that support India and serve India by walking the path of truth and righteousness, we support,” he said.
Furthermore, this situation has come after receiving reports that the Seng has increased its demand for money from the traders in Ri Lum Khasi and Jaintia.
“Cast thy burden upon the Lord, and he shall sustain thee; he will never allow the righteous to be shaken “(Psalm 55:22)“Many are the afflictions of the righteous: but the LORD delivereth him out of them all”(Psalm 34:19)GOD BLESS, AMEN.Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) has criticized the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi for taking months to do something about the issue. It is true for all because according to the law, Covid-19 is a witnessed and known outbreak of the disease.
At present, about 90% of the students do not need to write this examination.
Shillong: About two to three private vehicles from other states have been seen coming to Shillong every day to trade and especially parking their own vehicles. even to Motphran to buy goods from Judah.
Wanshan Kharkrang Treasurer of the Meghalaya Football Association in his speech said that the winners of the tournaments of various associations will receive a financial support of T.1 lakh. Those who qualify for the semi finals will receive an additional T.1 lakh as a donation to the clubs participating in the tournament.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, these nurses including Mebanker Lyngdoh Nonglait, Lasiewdor Kharmudai, Wallambok K Rangjem and Ibashisha Lawrynniang said that the reason why they came forward was after they received information that the government It intends to terminate their services and plans to announce 300 posts for General Nurses and Midwifery (GNM).
Up to 25 teams will compete in the tournament, exclusively those clubs that have already become members of the Meghalaya Football Association.
KSU Warsan Lyngdoh Circle and KSU Nongummer Unit have distributed foodgrains to 38 households in Nongummer village.
Shillong, November 02: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has given 10 days to the Meghalaya Government to take action against the Assam Government's border crossing at Bakhlapara village, Nongspung Hima, Ribhoi District.
It is pleasing to inform the politicians who are members of the Committee and who misunderstand the explanations of Himanta Biswas Sharma, CM of Assam that they should stand firm on the ground that we will not lose even one square. Your land is located in Assam.
This is the metro railway line, which runs from Seelampur and Maujpur to Yamuna Vihar.
Leaders of various faith groups met on Friday 9th November 2020 at Bianchi Hall of the Catholic Church, Laitumkhrah under the chairmanship of Bishop P Lyngdoh, President Shillong Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum.
He suggested that it should be sent to the Select Committee of the Assembly to conduct a consultation to get the opinion of the affected MDCs and groups before proceeding.
Nongpoh, November 22: Naki Thiar, one of the NGOs which used to help the poor and needy, today went to hold an Advance Christmas celebration with the children of Govt.
The match between Krang SC and Nongmynsong SC ended in a draw in which both sides scored two goals each.
In fact, both of them were the top leaders of the MUA-I and MUA-II governments which ruled Meghalaya for seven years.
The seven MDCs who resigned from the post are HDR Lyngdoh from Sohiong, Ardent M Basaiawmoit from Nongkrem, Sanbor Shullai from Laban, Brolding Nongsiej from Mawthadraishan, Metbah Lyngdoh from Mairang, K Plasting Pangiang from Rambrai-Jyrngam and u Meanwhile, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM and MLA/MDC from Mawsynram, has refused to resign and has decided to fight against the bill in the House. you are light.
The HYC said that the HYC will not rely on the government or any relevant authorities if it feels that it is against the welfare of the residents but will take the law against them. of hands.
Pringstar said that he had given T.20,000 to the robbers because of his fear.
Shillong: The Government of India has announced to build 80 lakh poor houses before 2022-23 in the Budget Session. T.48,000 crore has been allocated for the construction of these 80 lakh houses.
The meeting was attended by Rgh Bantei S. Rumnong and Rgh Arwan.
Allegedly, Bah Ardent had left without asking permission from the Returning Officer to hold a meeting at Mawmuthoh Village, Bah Shylla said that Bah Ardent's claim that it was only a party meeting was not true because according to the programme, dei Ka public meeting.
Swarno came by bus from Midnapore along with her sister-in-law Sumitra to listen to the Prime Minister's speech.
Therefore, the Mossad investigation team said it would have to investigate the situation and increase surveillance and patrols for the safety of Jews and Israelis around the world.
Caesar immediately called for all his followers to leave and flee for their lives.
Bah Sawkmie said that this announcement of the Seng is on the grounds that the government does not believe in the demands of the Seng, but it is a compulsion to the Seng as a whole to call for the strong protest program.
Earthquake on the road from Khyndailad to Polo on Tuesday morning has caused a landslide on the road from Khyndailad to Polo. hunt.
We are considered slaves, we are considered slaves, even if we walk on the road, we are stoned, but the Bihar Khar in Meghalaya walks happily like a bird walking around, and many of us are Mama, Mama. They called him honor and called him love the Dkhar.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has held a meeting with the parents of the children at Thyllaw Upper Primary School recently.
I Jeebon Roy, I have three brothers and I am the youngest child of my parents, in my childhood, I did not go to school because at that time there was no school in Khasi Hills. , but I was a child who was smart, strong, intelligent, and eloquent in all his works.
B.chyrmang, General Secretary, Ieidmon Shadap, Vice President, Hamran Chyrmang, Assistant Secretary, Seibor Tangliang, Publicity Secretary, Ebanshem Chyrmang, Assistant Publicity Secretary, Risent Lamarong, Discipline Secretary, Phrangshwa Pakem, Sports Secretary, Raju Chyrmang, Education Secretary, Editor Paslein and others were also elected as executive members.
You have been awarded the Ka Khusnam Kynsai Kordor 2023 for your great contribution to the field of Khasi music.
The short film has also received praise from many international audiences.
Dr Mukul also rejected the demand that all 60 MLAs should go to Delhi to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Thousands of people took part in the march and there was a clash between the villagers and foreigners.
He said that filmmaking is a very difficult job and only people with skills and experience can take it up.
We also hope that through this discussion between Conrad K. Sangma (Chief Minister) and the Bangladesh authorities, the Bangladesh Government will take action to preserve these historical sites of the kings of the country. Your Khasi-Jaintia.
According to them, this is against the spirit of respecting the identity of the Schedule Tribes of the North East, especially the Christians in Meghalaya and Nagaland.
They are 'Laitlan' MLAs and no longer Laitmon MLAs.
The mountains are divided by ridges and the scenery is not the same as that found in England.
The President of the All Meghalaya Dancer Association (AMDA), Bah Kitbok Thabah, urged the people to give their wholehearted support to these dancers and teachers from the state.
Lajong's re-entry into the I-League has brought great joy to the fans who came out to witness this match to encourage Lajong and through this victory we hope that I will be able to play better and better and I will continue to improve in my career.
Shortly after, police arrested a man near the scene who was inside the sumo and later three persons surrendered to the police.
On the other hand, Bah Paul said that there are religious groups running rehabilitation centres, and the Government has set a target to set up 10 more such centers to be run by the Government by October , and for this purpose 90 per cent of the expenditure will be from the Central Government and 10 per cent from the State Government.
"Yes, I understand that, but don't try," added the father.
Pharmaceutical companies have now been allowed to produce more and more drugs and then sell half of these drugs to the state governments at the price announced earlier.
If the power of Satan remains strong and long-lasting in the souls of men, the wrath and calmness of the Creator will remain angry for a long time, but man will not be able to accept or imagine the disaster that has come. and find them.
The CSWO, through its General Secretary, Christabell Wanniang, said that the announcement is a conspiracy of the people, alleging that these people who want the residents of the border area to be to become voters in Assam, they are only Ingkhongshyllangmat, because they want to sell their country and nation by committing acts of intimidation against the Bapli residents living in the area.
"Furthermore, the union wishes all the students to do well in their examinations so that they can bring fame and glory not only to their families but to the state as a whole. other.
“In April last year, the Cabinet approved the approval for the establishment of Medical Colleges in Shillong, Tura and Ri Bhoi Districts.
“We have given a lot of space to the central government agencies, like NEHU, ICAR and many other offices, but why can't they recruit the youth of the state in the posts that they should get? I'm from the state,' said Dr. Ricky.
Speech was delivered by Justice Lyngdoh, Harvis Phawa who encouraged the managers of the children's homes not to lose hope if they face challenges in their journey because the work they do is an honorable job. and to help others especially children who need treatment for their future.
Another truck carrying 42 cows was seized at Sunapur in the evening. The truck number AS 01-NC-7286 was seized from Sivasgar to Byrnihat. in the state of Meghalaya.
She also stressed on the damage to the environment in many areas from the widespread felling of trees which is expected to affect the sky in the coming days. to instill in the minds of the students on this issue of protecting the beauty of the environment.
Jowai, Naitung 13: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Lapangap Unit today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya (IAS) following the damage caused by the Karbi people to the trees. The residents of Lapangap, West Jaintia Hills District have been appointed.
They came together with the judge to find out the reason why the longjot and the longrem were destroyed.
This comes after HITO President Donbok DKhar was summoned by the Investigating Officer (IO) at Sadar Police Station in connection with a case registered against him last November. , a case falling under sections 171 and 34 IPC r/w 105 of the MP Act relating to the wearing of uniforms by members of HITO. Bah Donbok was accompanied by hundreds of members of HITO.
As I mentioned above, we have been able to convince the government to hold a Dorbarbah of Farmers on November 4 and 5, 2018 in Shillong where the farmers themselves have raised their issues before the officers. We have prepared a petition and we have submitted our demands to the government as expressed by the farmers through this Farmer Parliament and the government has agreed to hold this Farmer Parliament every year. the year.
Not only that, as the coronavirus pandemic will continue, it is also necessary for the State Government not to use everything on this one issue; but it is necessary to allow the doctors who treat corona, to do their job, the doctors who treat rheumatism, rheumatoid arthritis to do their job and if that is the case, no one will die from the rheumatism. doctors do their job.
Stating that there are thousands of BJP workers across the States who have been able to make the party what it is today, the spokesperson asked, “Do you feel that everyone is happy about the results? “Why do Congress leaders leave the party...if the Central Government investigation teams come and knock on the door “You are being forced, or your family members are being threatened with imprisonment, what other option do they have,” he said.
Referring to the tournament, he was pleased to see that the children have improved in their performance and their standard has become almost equal to that of Shillong. the region will serve in the state and the country as a whole.
If you have softwares, you can download them at home.
The Block Complex has been awarded to contractors from 7-Amlarem Constituency at a cost of Rs 2.77 crore.
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School has won the title of Govt.
The 1971 number will be operational from 8 AM to 8 PM in four languages ​​including Khasi, Garo and Jaintia.
The Kingdom of God is more precious than all the kingdoms of the world – there is only light – here there is none.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong of Umlyngka, Engineers, SDOs, officers from the PHE department and others.
These groups include the All Meghalaya Karbi Association (AMKA), the All Meghalaya Karbi Women Association (AMKWA), the Karbi Students Association (KSA) and the All Meghalaya Karbi Youth Association (AMKYA). North Easterners have been attacked from time to time in Delhi.
“As mentioned here, Shillong from Monday to Thursday experiences traffic jam during school hours and school holidays.
They are able to control the amount of water in the body and work on the removal of waste products from the body.
Some people drink or eat 3 or 4 times a day, others drink it whenever they can.
However, the form of play did not last long when a mistake in the back led to a goal.
Replying to a question by Bah Paul Lyngdoh on the outstanding bills of the contractors, the Minister said there is no rule to pay the outstanding bills.
At present, Meghalaya is at the bottom of the list in terms of education and the Minister urged the teachers to work hard without giving up.
He said the state government should not discriminate against the revenue from vehicles as JHADC receives 100 percent while KHADC receives only 60 percent.
Furthermore, residents who will have turned 18 years of age on 1st April, 1st July and 1st October are allowed to submit their registration forms in advance. The hearing will be held according to the order of the Election Commission of India.
For this reason, there was a heated argument, which led to the divorce of her husband.
It is learned that such an incident is not the first time but it has happened many times not only in Umdang but also in other villages. This prevents young people from writing examinations.
I got only 135 votes,” said the leader who has recently been with the United Democratic Party (UDP).
Announcing in the House, Speaker AT Mondal said that the CEO should appear in the House on the 23rd of this month without delay.
“Today, police in Esat Khasi Hill conducted a search operation in Mawlai and surrounding areas and seized 319 grams of heroin, 15 grams of heroin. cannabis, 7 mobile phones and T.4.5 lakh in cash and the previous day police seized 64 grams of heroin, 5 mobile phones, a vehicle and T.10,000 in cash.
No decoration shall be allowed on the Stage or the entire Yuŋwalieh Hall during the Public Meeting.
Later it was renamed Pariong Presbyterian Higher Secondary School. Pariong held the post for 44 years.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Indonlang Passah, owner of Frank Motors, said that the purpose of the operation is to expand the operation to Nongpoh. At present, the people who want Tata cars have to go to Shillong or Guwahati.
In the event, East Khasi Hills won 37 gold medals, followed by West Khasi Hills (Mairang) with 21 gold medals and West Jaintia Hills with nine gold medals.
He also asked how many foreigners have received license from the Council till 31 May, 2023. The EM i/c replied that there are 524 foreigners.
Shillong: Police today received a tip that a plate was left in front of the National People's Party (NPP) office in Lachumiere at 03:40 pm.
In connection with this incident, Rev. Presley Mawnai has been suffering from a long-standing illness and the death of this servant of God is a great loss to Ri-Bhoi. The whole Synod should cultivate the fields that remain shrah because he is a faithful and responsible servant.
The cleaning of the stones on the Presdient's Road has been completed today and the improvement of the road from Lat Mawreng to Lawkyntang has been completed today by the contractors. street.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya Medical Services Association (MMSA) has expressed its gratitude to the Health Department, the Government of Meghalaya, and all the officers involved in bringing about this change.
This year, the government through the Municipality (urban) and the C$RD Dept (rural) has shown the authority to force the teachers to comply with the census and to leave. I don't have a classroom at school.
JOWAI: More than 1300 people from 22 villages benefited from the Health Mela held at Iooksi village on Thursday.
“On our part, we have already directed the district councils to start writing documentaries so that we can preserve the information on the culture, customs and traditions of the people. " said Conrad.
Everyone talks about getting rid of the power of money, the words of jali ja um to deceive people and the distribution of tar to every household.
Jowai: Police of West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday arrested Bringo Lyngdoh, a drug trafficker from Kathakal village, Hailakandi, Assam. the police in Jowai.
He said that the implementation of these rules by the Dorbar Shnongs shows that all the Dorbar Shnongs are taking action in the fight against covid-19 in the state.
Guwahati: There have been 735 new cases of coronavirus in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to 16,8
So he sent a form to Bhalang and filled in the missing class fee from his brother.
On the issue of foreign companies coming to trade in the KHADC area, the CEM said that the Council will oppose the issuance of licenses although it is difficult to check from time to time due to the lack of Enforcement Police. The EC will strengthen the offices in the districts to prevent the issuance of trade licenses to foreigners.
Do not lose your desire because he has been betrayed not by his enemies but by those from within his own household and it is like the saying 'THE WORST ENEMY IS FROM HOME'
However, they gradually went to Delhi to bring in a new government between them and the Congress.
e) The pH of the water from the mixed forest at the foot of Mookyndur (Jaintia Hills) is 5.5, 5.48 and 5.52 (strongly acidic).
Office Secretary – Chanbor Manny, Publicity Secretary – Teibor Sten, Asst.Publicity Secretary- Pynshai Suchiang, Sport Secretary – Eiladmi Synnah, Cultural Secretary- Return passah,Finance Secretary- Ricky Syntem, Assist.
If the leaders can stand firm and strengthen the unity from now on.
He said that although the meeting on these projects lasted for about three hours, it was fair and complete.
The total number of recoveries is 12,894 and the death toll is
Shillong, Nailar 1: Shillong, Shillong today, has been surrounded by police from Motphran to Laitumkhrah.
The court also expressed its concern over the 2 km NH6 which passes through Khliehriat where it was shocked to see a man carrying a ryngwiang khwai from the other side of the road to wait for the rain so that they can fishing in the holes of this road.
Dr Harjit Singh Bhatti, speaking on the news, said that the incident is terrible and India is fighting the worst disease in the world.
“We have received information that they will call a hearing on the 2nd of June to register the voters for the people of Lyngkhat. “The government should take responsibility,” said Daniel while talking to reporters at Shillong Press Club.
Pynursla, March 23: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongtyngur Unit in collaboration with the village, on Sunday improved and decorated the jri bridge at Nongtyngur, to bring benefits and beauty. and to set apart the treasures which have been passed down by our ancestors since ancient times.
On the other hand, Defense Minister Rajnath Singh, while launching the election manifesto, said that if the NDA government comes back to power, it will bring back the election results. The bill will also help to protect and assist those Indian citizens who want to return home.
The Executive Engineer of PWD Roads, Bah C Kharmudai, said that the road was completed in 2021 and the work order was issued in June last year. work, although it was a difficult task, because this place used to be only a footpath and a sharing hill.
The match tomorrow 17th will be between Sohmynting and Ladthadlaboh at 3 pm.
The Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS), the nodal agency implementing the Ayushman Bharat Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (ABPM-JAY) scheme in Meghalaya, has received two awards in recognition of its excellence in The two-day Arogya Manthan 2023 was organized by the National Health Authority of the Government of India, in New Delhi on 25-26 November.
Police said that Ajan Ch Momin alias Jimmy was ordered by Sohan D Shira to blow up the bomb to intimidate people to support the party as the party members were in trouble. since being picked up by the police.
In the 2019 elections, Vincent H Pala of the Congress, Bah Vincent H Pala of the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, was the winner by 1,52,443 votes. Jemino Mawthoh of the United Democratic Party (UDP) won second place while Agatha K Sangma of the NPP won Tura by 64,030 votes. and, and Dr Mukul Sangma.
Nongstoiñ, July 28: It is unbelievable, but it is true that the Central Government has recognized Langdongdai Village in West Khasi Hills and Mawshynrut C&RD Block. As an aspirational village, you don't have a good road.
This happened after the Assam Police had to dismantle the police station on the 13th of this month against the people and the administration of West Jaintia District, the people and some political parties from Karbi have expressed strong protest.
Who built and operates this IB, PWD or Revenue?
The meeting was chaired by Ma L. Shadap, Chairman of the Sein Raij Barato.
Before the end of the match, Bryce Miranda was sent into the box by Bangladesh defender Rahmat Mia.
Ampa Reen said this in the presence of Nongstoin MLA D Jyndiang, MDC LG Nongsiej and members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC).
In the teaching materials competition, Mairang Vidya Jyoti Inclusive School won the 1st prize, Little Star English Secondary School Nongbah Bynther won the 2nd prize and Byrki Govt LP School won the 3rd prize.
Police in East Khasi Hills have arrested the creators or admins of the group and others and the police have summoned them and warned them to take action against them. they do not resolve immediately.
Speaking to media, the spokesperson of the group, Kong Soni Kharjana said that the group has demanded three demands including the demand that ASHAs should be counted as 'Minimum Wages' or to pay them a daily wage of T.2,000 per month as usual.
In Jowai, the Dong Musa will arrive on the 11th January, 2024 at 11 pm starting from Ummulong and ending at Ummulong Stand, Jowai.
After this, the release of the compensation to the employees should be done within 15 days by the GI Council.
After 1 year he was transferred to Shillong as Bishop of Shillong to oversee the entire North East and worked for 34 years in Shillong. The poverty, sickness and suffering of the people, especially women and children, led him to establish a women's religious order known as the Sisters of “Mary Help of Christians” or Missionary Sister Mary Help of Christians (MSMHC) on 24 Oct 1942 in Guwahati.
VC War, District Social Welfare Officer, Nongstoin, was the chief guest and the meeting was held at the NSSS Hall, Nongstoin.
The Gujarat government has also made it clear that it cannot accept the bill and Rajasthan Transport Minister Pratap Singh Khachariyawas said, “Driving is a job. for public transportation and hence, it is not appropriate to levy fines cheaply.
