They were filled with fear.
Through this production plant, it will create employment opportunities and he urged the farmers to take part in this project to improve their own income, the district and the state as a whole, said Bah Shangpliang.
The report, prepared by Dr. OP Singh, Professor, Department of Environmental Studies, North Eastern Hills University, Shillong, showed all the dangers of coal mining. .
Besides, the All India Trinamool Congress has two candidates, Fernandes Dkhar and Aicyful Kharmusulman.
The excessive use of these pesticides destroys the ability to fight against the pests/species that cause the disease to the plant and the results they produce are loss of health among those who buy or consume them and putting farmers who have the ability to farm back below the poverty line.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor and Conrad said that they could not help but stand up to remind all those present how the MDA government has taken steps to bring about change in the sports industry. In this state, from the implementation of the sports policy, the promotion of cash prizes to the athletes who have won medals in regional, national and competitive sports events. abroad, in addition to the allocation of funds for the construction of venues, stadiums and sports and training grounds, where the goal of the government is that every district in the state, they shall have adequate grounds or playgrounds.
The truth is that it is necessary to look to others to learn and celebrate our heritage which we have inherited to be a good example for progress.
He said that these poor houses built by the Urban Development Department have been used to accommodate poor families from Nongmensong, Laitumkhrah and Pynthor.
She said that if found, the names of these students will be removed.
However, he said that now he is proud and happy because through the blessings of God and his hard work together with the officers and staff of the Board, they have been able to take them. step to remove all of these problems.
Ma Stephanson said that the village roads have been destroyed throughout the constituency and during his time, he admitted that many of the roads were good but as of now they are difficult for vehicles to come and go as well as the people. .
At the same time, the citizens are aware of their duty to respect the freedom, the freedom fighters.
Likewise, he forgives all those who come to him in faith through the Cross.
Since the establishment of the HNLC in Meghalaya, the police have been working tirelessly.
For the sohtrun, they did not receive the rootstock, but the money that came from the government was T.5,33,190 and the money that came into the account was T.1,95,228 out of which the money lost was T. ,37,962.
In the year 2019, God has blessed us as if He had shown us mercy.
Nongstoin, Lber 31: A foreigner who owns a shop in Shallang Market has been tied by the residents of Shallang Market. The shop of the foreigner was closed after a clash and a shooting incident in the area.
Bala Devi has faced a huge struggle since joining the club due to the ban and difficulty understanding the Scottish language.
Senior Congress leaders on Tuesday lodged a complaint against the Chairperson of the Women's Commission, Phidalia Toi for her participation in the rally organized by the National People's Party (NPP). ) in Jowai at the meeting of Bah Wailadmiki Shylla.
Don't say that there is the United Nations, don't say that there is a Human Rights Commission, don't say that in a democratic country the majority of the people take the decision at such a time. to change later is unpredictable.
All Fair Price Shops have been directed to distribute the rice by 30th June using e-Pos machines.
Nongpoh: Members of the RBYF Umtrai Circle and Umsiang Unit, expressing their concern over the illegal mining by Assamese in the Umsiang River, have visited the illegal mining sites by Assamese. in areas which are still within the border of Meghalaya.
Speaking to Rupang, John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Dorbar of Chiefs, said that he attended the Dorbar as a member of the MITCRM. The Federation of Khasi States is also involved in the movement and has prepared articles on the issue of the amendment of the Sixth Schedule.
These include EGH: 23, EJH: 05, EKH: 110, NGH: 19, RBD: 98, SGH: 15, SWGH: 13, SWKH: 09, WGH: 79, WJH: 44 and WKH:
Jowai, Nailar 17: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District together with members of the KSU Shangpung Unit today visited the Umpyai Bridge connecting Shangpung and Mynska. Hills District.
The Working President of HANM, Bah Mihsalan Tho, said that the HANM has met with the Deputy Commissioner because the HANM has seen that all these companies in Meghalaya are not sufficiently employed. Many young people who have completed higher education are not employed in companies, because companies employ only foreigners who come from here and there, said Bah Tho u. He also criticized that the companies that employ the state residents have only given them small jobs, such as housekeeping, office work, but they don't get jobs. such as managers or any other higher positions.
He said that there is a patrolling by the transport, police and mining department and a help line has been implemented and a reward of T5000 will be given for the person who has been arrested. can provide information on the illegal trade in coal.
Record the mobile app Banlap app and record the song in Anime Studio.
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary, Bah Ksanbor Shabong.
The police officers whom the union has demanded to be dismissed are Williys Muskor who is currently DSP of East Jaintia Hills and who has been SDPO since 2nd October
The last part of Bah Shylla's service to the community was the establishment of the Union of Rangbah Kurs. He is also the Chairman of the Whatapp Group Sur U People of Hynniewtrep.
The presence of such images will change the minds of young children.
The first match was between Laitkor CC and Elite XI, in which Laitkor chose to bat first after winning the toss.
“I don't know why they are against this, we all have the right to propose, even you can,” said Bah Ransom.
The Hamas Government's health ministry on Wednesday announced figures from a newly compiled report on the number of deaths from Israel's offensive against Gaza.
Meanwhile, Ratcliffe's INEOS Chemical Company appears to be the leading contender to win the bid to buy the club after the fourth round of bids closed on further back in June.
Speaking on the occasion, KS Rana DIG in charge of Jaintia Hills said that this action of the BSF is because they have the responsibility to develop the people on the border with Bangladesh. BSF was praised by the village officials.
It consists of two parts, the Viceroy's residence and the reception area for foreign dignitaries and heads of state and their residences, offices and other office rooms and other facilities.
Many countries and kingdoms of the world today are confident in wealth, knowledge and power, but they don't know where they get their wealth.
At present this is just a discussion and we cannot say this and the custom is that women cannot participate in the Dorbar Shnong.
R.B. Vierra.
All the injured were taken to a hospital in the area for further treatment.
The day was also enriched by a water bottle filling game with the participation of parents of the students, members of the SMC, guests and students.
Ma Woming is a former employee of the office of the Director of Soil & Water Conservation (Govt.
“However, we have received a reply from the MHA only in October 2019 and after that we have not received any information, there has been no communication from the Ministry to the Seng or even to the State Government.
In 2015, Mawlynnong Village in East Khasi Hills District, was recognized by the Central Government as a Role Model Village.
Thus, we see that the ancient Khasi dorbar was the purest, the truth (without fraud), which did not allow anyone to be proud or anyone to be proud just to insult others who are smaller. and less.
Tura: Thousands of Christians have taken part in the celebration of Good Friday across the Garo Hills.
I don't know how to speak English, can you help me?
This service is available to Vi postpaid users with a large rental plan, family plan, senior citizens, and those who have used this service for more than 10 years.
The celebration was enriched by the participation of students from various schools in Tuberkmai, Mukhailong, Wapung, Mupyut and Tuber Shohshrieh.
It is also said that it can damage the heart, pancreas, and blood vessels among others.
There are many who have the skills that can become a source of income for their families but in the absence of guidance, all these things are left in the dark.
Banteidor said the price of medicines is too high and he has informed the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma as it will still be difficult for the farmers to buy them.
He left for Tura on 5th November, 2023 to meet his wife.
It is the time when God allows people on earth to repent.
In the match between Pomshutia CC and Lumpaia Avengers CC, Pomshutia CC won the toss and elected to bat first and scored Aristerwell Suting took 10 runs from 22 balls, Ralphy Heinrich Diengdoh took three wickets for 14 runs in 3 overs and Daryll Donald Nongbri took two wickets for the loss of 10 runs in 3 overs. 4 runs in 2.5 overs.
“We have set a deadline of November 15 for the Dorbar Shnongs to come and give their suggestions on how to improve the Manual and after that it will be submitted to the Council for further action,” he said.
Shillong: The Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) has written a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on the measures taken to prevent the spread of the Corona Virus. and how to provide assistance to the people during this curfew across India.
I also appeal to you the people to be patient and allow us as leaders to investigate more thoroughly on this issue for the sake of the safety and security of the jaidbynriew.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 731 new cases have been confirmed and 5750 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
When asked how the fertilizer has been used, she said that when cultivating rice, if you spend 500 kilos of fertilizer including all kinds of fertilizers such as urea, the SSP of rice will be about 30 byrni, and 10 byrni of urea costs T.560 tyngka at the government price.
Police have recovered the clothes, pla and shatri used by him in committing the crime.
According to an order issued by the Sub Divisional Magistrate, Amlarem Civil Sub Division, the district administration on Tuesday held a meeting with all the stakeholders or neighboring villages. , the bag is located in Jowai.
For that reason, my priority is good governance, efficient service delivery, efficient coordination system that will ensure that development works are not done in one industry but in all departments the government," he added.
Wandame Phawa scored the third goal for Catholic Youth in the 3rd minute.
Camera and editing was done by David Studio.
Dr. Natalie stressed the need to improve general knowledge along with the need for coaching classes if you want to go into Management courses.
There were many people, who went to mourn on the day of the funeral of the young woman, and it was seen that there were many people who were crying and weeping, because they were very sorry for her. Dil Bahadur Thapa, a resident of Sarkang village, who had been in a relationship with her for five months, said that the girl was raped by Dil Bahadur Thapa.
Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh in his speech in the House recently, said that when the government does not pay the poor villagers the electricity bill just because of the increase in the price of electricity, MECL is ready to but when the companies spend billions of rupees, it doesn't do anything.
“Noting that the main challenge is for the students, Bah Himalaya said that the students should not be the victims of the investigation and should not be affected only because of the lack of there is more collaboration with teachers.
The Garo people are still able to get 40 percent alone but the Khasi and Jaintia people have to fight for 40 percent.
Conrad said the government and district authorities will hold meetings to ensure that such incidents should not happen again.
It shows that the fear of being thrown out has begun to disappear from our society.
Other speakers included Additional Chief Secretary Dr Shreeranjan, DGP SB Singh and others.
Besides the UDP, Shillong North has many candidates including the Voice of the People Party (VPP), the National People's Party (NPP), the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the KAM. , independent candidate, Congress and also from the Trinamool Congress.
Prestone Tynsong said the government including the education department has not yet taken a decision as the government of India has announced a lockdown across the country until the 17th. July 2020.
For the post of Followers, he said that it has been taken from 18 years to 27 +5 years, this post is also up to 32 years.
Doctors said the mother and all six of her children are in good health.
The family members of Wanboklang Kurbah, 20, had to complete the post mortem at NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Mawdiangdiang on Friday morning.
the Bible does not say whether Zacchaeus had any children.
The UDP, which is allied with the NPP, has seven seats.
New Delhi, Jymmang 25: All the departments of the CM will take part in the 65th two-day meeting of the North Eastern Council today morning in Shillong.
The residents are advised to refrain from crossing the streams and rivers during the rainy season.
Any work cannot succeed unless there are employees who cannot do it.
Bluit asked a question from the scholars, why doesn't the Khasi say, "Knowledge knowledge" but "Knowledge knowledge?" If we fall into the small shyieng of this thought without doubt we will understand that the Khasi man has tried and proved exactly through the ages and ages that we cannot know or recognize the God whom we cannot see. unless we know and recognize our fellow man, his greatest creation, who was created in his own image; whom we can see and talk to face to face.
Phidalia Toi, writer and actress of the film 'Nga La Bakla', said, “I made this film when I hadn't finished my studies and now I understand. Phidalia Shuh and Phidalia Toi said that our youth are very talented in making dramas. and films so that if they get the opportunity to read it will be of great benefit to them.
He said that the government has taken only 10 months to increase the salary of an MLA from T.1 crore to T.2 crore but it has not done anything for the teachers until they came forward.
Home Minister Amit Shah last month left for Garo Hills to campaign.
The celebration was attended by women, young women from the villages in the presence of the Rangbah Shnongs, and others who gave speeches and explanations on the purpose and purpose of the celebration. this is a special day.
These were hardly the nature love of the ancients.
“We have received and taken note of this complaint and I have handed over the task to the Addl CEP to look after the MCMC who will seek a report from the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to verify various issues. “It's not mentioned in the complaint,” said Bah FR Kharkongor, CEO of the state.
He said the government does not want to discuss the border issue with the central government by going through the District Councils, because the state government, the District Councils and the people all have the desire to resolve the border issue. u distributed between these two states.
Women metor drivers, carrying placards to protest against the plan to evict them from Mawlong Market: Rupang.
On the other hand, he said that the petition sent by the party to the Ministry of Home Affairs earlier, is more difficult this time and therefore the ministry cannot give any reply until now.
Besides, it is not to discriminate against women but the daughters of the jaidbynriew also sometimes do not consider themselves sacred to hold on to their identity to strengthen the jaidbynriew like other ethnic groups in the North East because many of those who left home to study abroad have fallen victim to the influence of other nations.
There are schools which have started to conduct various classes and there are schools which are still in poor condition.
It is a temporary recruitment scheme of the Government of India. Youths under the age of 17.5 to 23 years will be recruited. Those selected will have to undergo training for six months at any institution of India. The Indian Army will then serve on a four-year commission.
The US government has so far kept all the facts secret because it does not want its enemies to know and has not said when it will start implementing its new technology.
In a meeting with the media on 23rd July at her office in Nongstoiñ, Kong B.Syiem admitted that the selection of children has been completed soon due to the large number of schools attending and the selection of families. also the children from one team and also the request from the schools in charge to complete the screening on that day.
The union also said that the government should provide assistance to those affected refugees and urged the SP to bring peace and stability in the War Jaintia area. General Secretary Samla Lurman B. Talang.
Any driver who drinks more than 30mg per 100 ml of blood can be punished under Section 185 of the MV Act with a fine of 10,000 tyngka or imprisonment for six months.
Therefore, it is time for us to treat these diseases quickly; However, the influx of diseases should be controlled as per the Dorbar Shnong New Nongstoiñ.
Shillong, Lber 12 : The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) on Tuesday met with the new President of the Indian Olympic Association (IOA), Dr PT Usha. Padma Shri and Arjuna Awards for the preparation of the state for the National Games.
Hek said that even if he is not the prime minister, he will support the person who will be the prime minister to lead the BJP government in
There are 1,78,234 people undergoing treatment, according to the Maharashtra Health Department.
He said that the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS)-IV has been suspended, which has affected the patients. There are thousands of people in the world.
“He said that the victory in the MLA elections in 2018 and the appointment as a Minister in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government has paved the way for him to develop the region in terms of everything.
Shillong, Nailur 18: U Minister of Cooperation and Cooperation, Bah HDR Lyngdoh today inaugurated the 47th branch and ATM of the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank Ltd (MCAB) at Demthring.
The PMGSY-III was launched in 2019 to cover an additional 1,25,000 Km through roads and connectivity between settlements, ie agricultural markets, Higher Secondary Schools and Hospitals.
“We have come here to learn for the people.
The municipal empowers the teachers because it knows that they are obedient and will not dare to fight.
At the programme, the Addl.Deputy Commissioner, Kong BK Ranee handed over the final publication of the Electoral Roll to the leaders of various political parties, including the INC. , UDP, VPP, NPP and others.
DSP CID Ch Ravi Kumar has sent a letter under Section 41-A (1) of the CrPC.
The addiction to this is very serious, and those who use heroin, unrefined, only three times, can no longer give up. If you start to give up, it weakens the bones; get hot; get a prayer; the snier is clean, the shiphang is clean; they don't have blood; tyrkhong in the body; don't sleep; and so on until they had to use him again.
Pastor JR Thabah, a former student and Secretary of the MC of the school, explained how the Sohiong Presbyterian Church and the members of the church have worked hard to establish this school. which was covered with mohkhiew and sher with lyngka to clear the land for the construction of this school.
The petition of James PK Sangma came before the court on 14th July.
The DHS selects and sends to colleges according to the first and second preference (paid %) the doctors who have passed in the state.
He said that the village supports and cooperates at any time.
The Government through various Block or Departments of Government such as PWD, PHE, Health, etc should not leave it to the Village Authorities but should look into it and take action if they really want to bring about cleanliness. all over the villages of Khasi-Jaintia.
On 21st June, 2024, two people drowned in the Rilang River, Wahsiej and another was rescued by Elambok who helped fearlessly to rescue her.
“SMC helps children from poor families and will reduce school fees and as far as possible we will provide the best education for the future,” said Winning Garland Sungoh. With the help of Babu Richard, this school will continue to grow.
The NPP MLA from Phulbari constituency who is also the Chairman of the Forest Development Corporation of Meghalaya, Esmatur Monimin, said that these two issues that the NPP will raise are that Dr. Mukul Sangma has appointed his own son. and another that his daughter Miani D Shira is not a resident of Ampati constituency but is from Tura.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: Many of the speakers who spoke at the meeting held at Madan Student today, led by the HSPDP, including Sengbhalang leaders, Rangbah Shnongs, political parties, They called for the country and the nation to unite together to fight against the challenges that come to challenge this nation.
It is also the state which comes at the bottom in terms of education. Do the people still feel that they should elect such a government?
Speaking to media, Raiwan Sohtun, General Secretary, MTU, said that the truck drivers of the state have been protesting from time to time against the cement companies. that you nion beain him.
Shillong, June 28 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills on Friday sent a letter to the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui regarding the neglect of government schools in Mawsynram Block. South West Khasi Hills.
He added that the blood donation is not harmful or harmful because the doctors have not tested it.
He said that although Sohra Government College and Sohra CHC no longer fall under the Sohra Constituency, as leaders they should not only look after the development of the Constituency.
MC&GO officials said that according to the information of the truck drivers carrying rnga, they have to pay taxes of T.500, T.1000 and T.1500 to the various tax collection points of the Forest Department. and District Council.
On the same day, the NPP Nongpoh Constituency has also launched the NPP party song and many Longkmie and riew rangbah from the constituency have joined the NPP party as a strengthening. The party will contest the 2023 elections in the state.
All the office bearers, Executive members of the party and presidents and secretaries of the 24 zones from all over the Khasi-Jaintia Hills are requested to attend the meeting. , said the president of the party, Babu Kular Khongjirem.
That method of dividing words into their parts of speech is explained in that grammar which can be called SOHKTIEN which means in English grammar.
Supporting the resolution, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titosstarwel Chyne, said that in fact he too has already submitted a Private Member Resolution on the same issue on 4th November. I congratulate the EC for understanding the importance of this Resolution and for bringing it today in the House for discussion and approval.
There are reports that the term of office has not been extended temporarily because there have been no changes in the provisions of the Constitution.
The MP from Tura said that the government should have the responsibility to take appropriate measures to give confidence and trust to those other armed groups who are still in the armed groups. pat come to wait.
In the first match of the Under-17 girls, Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School beat Umpohliew Jingtip Higher Secondary School 1-0 Balamphrang Wahlang scored the first goal in the 46th minute.
He said 81 persons were arrested by Bairabi police and 11 by Vaireng police in Kolasib district which borders with Assam.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Front (KSU) has held a meeting with the participation of the leaders of the KSU War Jaintia Circle, Dalloi Nongtalang and Dalloi. Darrang in the presence of Rangbah Shnongs from these Elaka to discuss the government's plan to open the market at Tamabil, Dawki.
As I wrote above, this is the root of all the confusion.
I, Siving Salahe, Waheh Chnong Samasi, would like to thank you for your kindness in providing food items to the villagers. Therefore, I would like to ask you to help the public especially during this time of lockdown.
At the same time, the union has urged the government to identify the high risk contacts so that the people will not be afraid.
The bodies of these people were recovered and taken to hospital for post mortem.
Other injured were taken to Ialong and Dr Norman Tunnel Hospitals.
“I see that we have done nothing wrong. 40 years of coal mining have passed but only now we have seen that it affects the environment.
Weekly market-Sell your produce at your village market or at Iewduh in Shillong because the market is the place where people come to buy, pay and pet the needs of the household.
The leader has a very important role to play in any role he plays whether in the society or in the community. Religious organizations or organizations even in the rule of law have a leader to lead the people to the right path to peace to prosperity to the path of renewal and to the path of benefit before doing anything. any.
Lawse was founded by two families, Kin Sing Lyngkhoi, his wife, Ngei Ron Marwein and their children Jerebom, Bershon, Shali, Trely and Dina. Nine.
This was achieved after beating Mukhla Umlangshor 3-0 in the final match held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthad Laboh, Jowai on Tuesday.
Not only in terms of health but also in terms of society, it has caused a lot of problems and dangers because of too much peace.
Based on a detailed survey, about 80 out of 100 respondents, including employees from the highest ranks and so on, said that a leadership that knows people and knows God is needed. eh in any work or activity.
Besides, Kong Larisuk Rani said that before leaving the Jaïaw parking lot, they had already signed a soskular with the municipal so that once the four-storey parking lot is completed, they will get I don't want to sit down.
Israel has refused to hold a ceasefire, despite international demands for a ceasefire with Hamas.
“We have requested the central government to take care of the border and the central government has requested us to provide land to set up a battalion to strengthen security,” he said.
The final test reports have not yet been received but preliminary results show that one of the samples was suspected to be infected.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Bah JA Lyngdoh said that the Congress will win many MLAs this time. corruption, we shall look after all the development.
Before the final match of the women's team, Thadan Sports Club defeated Thangsning Sports Club by tie-breaker and as well as boys under 14 years of age.
The floods in Assam have decreased as no other areas have been affected by the floods and the number of people affected by the floods has dropped to 80,0 heh not to look.
They also said that although the village has beautiful hills and places, but the sad thing is that the road to the top of the hill is too small and bad and if the authorities If they can do something about this road as soon as possible, it will be of great benefit to the income of the villagers as well as to the tourists.
In football, West Khasi Hills beat South West Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills beat West Jaintia Hills in the pre-season matches. -women's quarterfinals.
The Seng requests the Government not to review the Draft Rules which the Seng has submitted to the Government from time to time.
The next match will be played on 02-09-2022 between Janai FC and Albediego FC at 3 pm at Pyndeniewlyngdoh Stadium, Nonglang.
They said that the union also demands that they should provide Trading License and Labor License and if the union finds that foreigners do not have proper documents, the union will take action. shall not forgive any Contractor or private individual.
A short story about Woh Tep Kyndait was told by Bah Helping Phawa, Chairman of the Seiñraij Tuber.
Salman has served 18 jail sentences in 1998, 2006 and
This is also the first time that the U-19 Cooch Behar Trophy has been held at the MCA ground. Karnataka, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 60 runs in 104 balls.
Speaking to reporters, he said that the main rivers in the Lyngngam area where the rawon and the residents of the village live to go hunting and fishing, are the river blei, Riat. Tham, Riangdo, Biu, Riangken, Riangsih and many other rivers.
In a statement, Bah Ardent said that many of the people wanted to accompany Dr. Syngkon in the registration process but after receiving information that many people would attend, the leaders could not accept. this is the rai.
Meanwhile, another flying squad seized Rs 1 lakh 30 thousand from a woman identified as Ieidlang Chyrmang from Moolait.
Shillong, November 10 : The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) today commemorated the Human Rights Day.
Now he has only 72 dead cows, 3 sikmie, 5 silud and 6 sikhun.
The committee shall take a decision on the application of the candidates within seventy days and if the committee accepts that the candidate is not a victim, it may allow them to take part in the new examination and others who have not been able to do so.
He said that even though there are up to 400 or 200 cases of Covid-19 per day, the state government is still able to control and trace the high risk contacts of people who are Covid positive.
He was afraid that they might rule in their place because of their growth by giving the order to kill all the male children.
Ms Streamlet also congratulated Ms Silbi Passah for her hard work, she has brought fame and glory to the State and in relation to Fr Ïoannis War Pakma, Ms Streamlet she said that his research on the writings of H.W.Sten has brought great benefits to many students.
The MOTHER App, which collects information about poor mothers, has been able to encourage many mothers to give birth at health centers and this has helped significantly to reduce the number of poor mothers. The maternal mortality rate (MMR) is the maternal mortality rate.
Khasi tyngshops and singers, including Basuklin Ryntathiang, Arbalin Ryntathiang, Sibamerry Kyrsian, Obanroi Khylliat and Sanborlang Jyrwa, took part in the song.
The appearance of Shillong a hundred years ago was very clean, how the lush forests, the rivers around Shillong were clean, from Umkaliar to Sunapani as well as Umshyrpi.
On the 6th February 2021, the Mass of the Eucharist and the installation of Archbishop Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh will be held at 10.00 AM at the Cathedral or Square of the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians. , Shillong.
Two of the judges of the High Court will retire this month while another in 2019 and before they retire they said they are not happy anymore and for that reason they need security.
It is clear that the NPP will come back to power with a big victory,” he told the voters of Songsak and asked for their decision for Nihim D Shira.
He left Shillong in 2002 and returned in the spring of
During the search of the vehicle, the ANTF and Lad Rymbai Police seized 200 boxes of soap filled with powder containing stem umsoh niamtra and these were packed in many parts of the vehicle.
Primrose Lamat scored the two goals in the 45'+2 and 90'+5 minutes for Mukhla to win the title.
Many of them have expressed that they have been shocked and excited about this Tamsa but now, as soon as this Tamsa comes, these are the same people who have been cleaning up in front of their candidate.
Khliehriat July 06: Narwan village in East Jaintia Hills District is a village which has been famous for the cultivation of soh ñiamtra. It has been severely affected by the smoke from the coke factories at Sookilo near Narwan.
Sohtun said the discussion yesterday was on the settlement of the border in the second phase between Assam and Meghalaya.
Because it’s a direction coming from the Court because the State hasn’t done that job sharing system in 50 years.
Bah Kmen Myrchiang, one of the elders of the area, said that in Shnongpdeng, the village has taken part and the tourists have been able to wear life jackets to avoid drowning. There are also residential areas, while in Umngot there are sha shops, wai dong shops and boat rides, which provide income to the villagers in the area and the rainy season is the time of They flowed well from the State to Shnongpdeng.
He also expressed his gratitude because he did not expect that the people would come to this meeting because he did not invite the people but because the people themselves have love and trust.
When asked who came to visit the place and who owns these clothes, they said they don't know but they said, “We know that he is a leader of the Sengbhalang, and we see him. you're on TV (News Channel)".
The acceptance or rejection of the claims comes later.
It is learned that these 12 families have converted to Christianity, where they no longer accept any government schemes from ration schemes and have also refused to take medicine if they are sick. and finish school even for their children.
Shillong, Naitung 13: Up to 10 families from Mawkliaw and Kemrang villages in War area have not received any assistance even after sending a letter to the BDO office, Shella-Bholaganj. the destruction of houses in 2014 and
The court has not yet issued an order on how many days Adelbert will have to remain in judicial custody, while the order said that Adelbert can apply for bail if he wishes.
The Meghalaya and Assam governments have already spoken to Home Minister Amit Shah to send an inquiry to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
David Roy himself, in his book Principles of Khasi Culture, Vol.47, No.4 (Dec.
Upon receiving the information, Titos said that he immediately phoned the SDO to stop the work, but the SDO was shocked and said that he had not received any order to stop.
Conrad said the Congress is in trouble in the post of leadership and the party has become weaker across the states in the country.
After the opposition MDCs had expressed their views, the EM of the Elaka Department, Bah Lamphrang Blah, stood up to explain and at that time too, the House was closed once again, but The Dy.Chairman did not allow the speaker to speak because the time to speak in the House was not allowed as it had reached 4 o'clock.
Sarma said today's talks were smooth and he agreed to go beyond the status quo.
At the same programme, the former office bearers of the Seng Samla Shnong Mawkyrwat as well as the Rangbah Shnong were also honored and the participants in various parts of the celebration were also honoured.
However, as of now, the department has warned the recognized media outlets to stop publishing election-related news that will benefit any party or candidate and affect others.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit and other leaders.
In Jowai constituency, Wailadmiki Shylla will have to prepare hard to return as MLA as the contest between UDP candidate Moonlight Pariat and TMC candidate Andrew Shullai. Comingone Ymbon and JT Suchiang MDC from the same village and two other candidates.
Manchester United have announced that Chess player Marcus Rashford will miss the quarterfinals of the Premier League. He lost his first Europa League match against Sevilla with a sudden hamstring injury.
He said that in order not to waste time and lose the benefits of the children, the Minister wants this school to start temporarily at Nongtalang College.
Of these three, one is a hostel resident and said that his ability to attend classes and take tests has opened the way for him to pass the examination.
“Previous governments have wanted to revive this issue from time to time to benefit for the election,” he said.
After 7 minutes, a white-skinned and covered worker was brought in.
“It's your mother who doesn't shop anymore...?” She looked surprised. “You don't shop anymore because this is Niakha's shop...” Rida replied. i May you...? I have nothing else now.
The IMCT team will visit the flood and landslide areas in Meghalaya and Assam.
In this regard, they have also requested the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) to come and take action on this issue, they added.
On the other hand, the Returning Officer of Mairang Constituency on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Mairang Police Station against a voter who took a picture of himself while casting his vote. on the 27th of June.
According to Bah Francis Khymdeit, the theft of the Auto Rickshaw was discovered after they visited the house and found that the Auto Rickshaw was no longer in the house. They immediately conducted a search for the Auto Rikshaw and after about four hours of searching, they found it at Mawhati Road, about 2 km from their residence.
In the midst of doubt and fear, Pharaoh's servants were watching, and if Pharaoh knew, what would happen? Or what is the judgment? and some were arrested, tortured, and killed.
Becoming a habit, those kids got up and played in the yard.
Even after the announcement by the Transport Department of the State Government on 25th October, 2023 to charge the fare as before before the outbreak of Covid-19, the drivers of commercial vehicles especially the drivers are still being seen. Taxis are still charging the same fare as they were charging during the curfew.
The department will also declare other units as no-honking zones.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The 10th North East Zone Shooting Championship will be held at the Assam Regimental Centre, Happy Valley, Shillong.
MLA James Sangma said that last year the fingerprints of the MLAs were taken and the MLAs should have received the card but this year there has been nothing from the government to issue the card. When contacted by the Principal Secretary, Prashant Naik, he declined to comment.
The Lokayukta, which has been appointed by the Government Employees, should monitor the proceedings and those who have excessive wealth should be prosecuted in the Disproportionate Assets Case and registered along so that it becomes a Disproportionate Assets Case. for example, to others to avoid corruption and that the State will immediately be free from corruption which is the crown jewel of the economic development of the State.
“Meghalaya needs a true leader who can fight for the people rather than being ruled by the white householders in Delhi and Guwahati,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, they said that the film is very popular and the number of people watching it is increasing day by day.
Shillong: U Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah (SMR) of Meghalaya, on Tuesday urged the parents to take responsibility to guide their children in the right path. The youth should avoid any bloodshed because this is not the way to show that they love the country and the nation.
He said that the union urges the cow traders to be careful when importing cows especially from Assam, because if they import cows they should get a written notice from the veterinary department, so that these animals Those who have been brought from abroad are not allowed to eat and sell in the market.
Telis Rymbai is from Kdonghulu village in Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to reporters, the President of KSU Nongpyndeng Unit, Samla Ellen Syiemlieh, said that the KSU Nongpyndeng Unit together with the relatives of the deceased are surprised at the delay of the Civil Hospital. give the report.
The Calcutta High Court has directed the Central Bureau of Investigation to investigate the appointment of teachers of Group C and D and Assistant Teachers of Class IX-XII and that elementary teacher.
“We urge the parents, Dorbar Shnongs and Women's Organizations to come forward and work with the HYC in this fight to eradicate drugs from Shillong and Meghalaya as a whole,” said Bah. Congratulations.
Jarnail Singh was shot dead by unidentified gunmen at his village in Sathiala in Amritsar district.
Speaking at the meeting, HYC Nongstoin Circle President Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh said that in 2007, the Khasi people were too angry with Amit Paul who left the state to contest the elections. Indian Idol, therefore, should be proud especially when a Khasi girl, who is of her own flesh and blood, will reach the grand finale of “Yes I Am”, a reality show from Mumbai.
He urged all the students to work together in a spirit of unity to achieve the goals of the union and the college as a whole.
On this occasion, the union had the opportunity to talk to Bah SC Laloo CEO of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB).
“This Bill provides legal recognition to the Seng Kur and Rangbah Kur so that they can issue Clan Certificates to apply for Schedule Tribe Certificates,” he said.
During the meeting, many important issues were discussed in order to curb violence in the society.
A group of Waheh Shnongs of 7 villages in Barato area have lodged a complaint against vehicles carrying excessive loads on Laskein Barato road due to the collapse of the Myntang (Rymphum) bridge connecting many villages. Laskein was Barato.
Nongpoh, March 01: The Union Minister of State for Rural Development and Steel, Faggan Singh Kulaste today visited Ri Bhoi District to monitor the implementation of projects. This district has been selected as one of the Aspirational Districts in Meghalaya and has also ranked in the Top 5 out of 117 Districts in the country which have been selected as one of the Aspirational Districts.
It is God the Creator who instituted marriage in all creatures on earth.
The residents are facing the biggest problem in these days due to the darkness without electricity due to the power outage due to rain and wind since 25th March, 2022 until these days.
Not only that, the DC also suggested that they should not do it during the rainy season, but only during the dry season when the water is low to avoid any injuries. those who are skilled can do it anywhere even in the streets of the ocean.
The meeting, led by Samla Khiejoit Niang, President of the union, was on the basis of demanding from the branch to install an ATM machine at the bank so that it will be convenient for the customers. public who need to withdraw money.
Wow wow MDA government to foreigners who come to Harijan you are ready to give 200sqft land and houses you will build and money you will give to the Harijans think to help your fellow citizens first provide first inside your house mda later provide If the government is willing to build up our Khasi people who will suffer poverty, especially those who have been attacked by the Marbiang forces, and those who shah bam duh ha kading, how happy would be for us the Khasi Pnar people, but if they respect only other people which means we Khasi will be excluded from the country.
The two-day celebration started today and those who attended the celebration included Bah Lumlang Mawnai, Vice-President of FKJGP Ri Bhoi, Samla Nangkiew Suhktung, President of FKJGP Myrdon Circle; the elderly, the fatherless, and the young men.
“I have lodged an FIR but I have not named anyone,” said Pakyntein. “This is an election, not a war”.
He said that the small parties should not be banned.
On the other hand, Principal Chakraborty said that it is not a lie because he has received recognition from the Meghalaya government and has turned it into a training center like NIOS. appoint lawyers to plead this case in the High Court to ensure that children are not harmed.
“Many of the MLAs have been bought with Rs 5 crore as said by the MLA of Mawkynrew, who is also one of the NPP's leaders. We have already seen through the newspapers that he has been offered Rs 5 crore but he has not accepted.
On the other hand, the speakers on the occasion explained to the public about the problems faced by the children and also the need to protect and give them the rights and various schemes for the children so that they should not lose their rights. The right to free and compulsory education under the Right to Free and Compulsory Education Act
“I am pleased with the quick thinking of the Prime Minister to set up the committee tomorrow,” said the UDP MLA. Earlier, the Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy said that this issue is necessary. MLAs or the government should not do politics but should unite.
“Therefore, this will not apply to many of the citizens of Meghalaya,” he added.
The hearing of nominations will be held on June 22, 2023 at 1 pm.
At the same time, he said that a Video Surveillance Team has been set up to monitor the expenditure of the candidates and that their total expenditure in this election should not exceed Rs 28 lakh. There are Expenditure Observers to oversee this.
The meeting was led by HNYF President Marcus Marten, NR, Donroy Khsiar, Asst Secretary and other members of the NCH.
The Inter-dong was played in a league system and out of the 7 teams, Meiawan, Pdengshnong, Nongdom, Lawmyrsiang, Pyndenbah, Mawphorkynbat and Pyndenjathang, the total number of teams participating was typical groups.
Initially, the Prime Minister was not aware of the preparations and it was only after the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, went to meet him and informed him of the decisions that the Prime Minister also encouraged him to you shall not play chess.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar expressed his gratitude to the people of this village for their willingness to work together for the development of tourism by inviting tourists. From all over the country and also from outside the state to witness with their own eyes many of the most beautiful tourist attractions in South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Meghalaya Chess Association (MCA) on Tuesday announced that two players from the state have won the first place in the 5th Ayodhana International FIDE Rating Chess Tournament. 2023 which will be held in Guwahati, Assam.
The KSU leader said that according to the rules, UCIL should have received permission from the state government or the district council but the permission has not yet been received. through mass media.
Have believers lost their worship of God because they can no longer enter temples or churches? Jesus said, “The true worshipers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him.
The dispute between the government and the KHADC has been like a power struggle between the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem and the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma.
On the other hand, Fr.Kmenlang said that he has received many complaints about the production of smoke and smoke from this factory which has seriously affected the health of the school children as well as the residents.
When asked whether it will affect him after Grace left the Congress to contest the election because she did not get a ticket, Batyngshain said, “I respect Grace Kharuri, who left after losing the ticket.
He said this while speaking at the distribution of books to the disabled held at Bethany Society.
In the comments section, some of the fans of the singer, praised the song for the heartfelt and touching song.
SHILLONG: The Congress Chief Minister in Meghalaya, Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh, today said that the party will hold a meeting to discuss and discuss the issues related to the election of Leaders to the Legislative Assembly. Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the killing of Bah Chiang Dhar on the border. It is located on the border with Bangladesh in East Jaintia Hills District.
“The police's beating of the people without warning is completely wrong that the law enforcement agencies should use excessive force without counting even the women and longkmie who are involved in the incident. getting caned," he said.
Besides thanking the Prime Minister and Symbud Prime Minister, the FKJGP also thanks Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, who took the initiative to talk to the government, for the purpose of This road, which is also the most important road for the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
However, there are many incidents that have happened and have recently happened in the land of Hynniewtrep, the country and the state which have frightened, surprised and confused us the citizens.
Replying to a question, the Shillong MP said that no Congress leader has gone to meet the state president of AITC and Nongthymmai MLA, Bah Charles Pyngrope to return to the party.
In the afternoon, Rev.Dr.HCT Sumer gave a sermon based on 2 Corinthians 4:7-8, where the Pastor spoke about the Christian life. “We would be worthless without God, so he urged us to have the knowledge of the Gospel of God in our lives and to be vessels that do not cannot be changed.
Furthermore, investigate those involved in the illegal mining and trade of coal because they are cheating the state by not paying taxes to the government.
The incidence of violence against women has increased day by day in our State.
In the second leg, Shnongrim SC beat Jarain SC 2-1
A Khasi woman who lives in Germany, tells us that in Germany, a farmer, a day labourer, a driver, sleeps in the same bed as government officials and gets the same treatment as the head of your country.
Each CAPF battalion consists of about 80 to 100 personnel.
Regarding the retrofitting and upgradation of the 3-multilevel parking in parts of Shillong, the construction is only 22 per cent in progress and T.6.27 crore has been released from the T.S. .46 crore to Avantika Contractor Limited.
She said that since the Congress rule, they have raised the issues of the workers such as the Minimum Wage, in which the government has implemented the wage rate of those who work even in government offices as well.
An EVM was found in the vehicle of the wife of BJP candidate Krishnendu Paul.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The dispute between the Rangbah Shnongs and the government of Mukul Sangma, has reached the ears of the leaders of the All India Congress Committee (I). DD Lapang, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (I), in a meeting with V Narayanasamy, AICC chief in charge of Meghalaya.
The elders know more about these things than the women,” said the mother in a soft voice.
Shillong, June 24: In connection with the incident of cross-border entry of Bangladeshis into India, who entered and turned to attack, in which stone throwing by Indian citizens has occurred. and Bangladeshis what happened on the border.
They were taken to Khliehriat police station for further investigation and it was found that they had confessed to committing the crime. A complaint has been lodged against them at Saipung police station and the investigation is ongoing to find out more.
Dozens of people have been killed in shootings and bombings in the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv, the Interior Ministry said.
At the same time, he said he does not want to say or criticize the statement of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem that he is afraid of Bah Latiplang Kharkongor to contest the 2018 elections.
He shall enter also into the glorious land, and many countries shall be over thrown.
Thus, the recovery path is now over and there is no point, as the above-mentioned safeguards have been introduced.
There is no Mukroh sign board near Mukroh.
One example is soybean juice used during hot weather, herbs for dental care, and so on.
The memory is shondur.
Shillong: The illegal appointment of the District Education Officer (DIA) has come to light after the RTI Activities Officer, Bah Disparsing Rani, told reporters today.
In a letter to the Commissioner & Secretary, the Union said that at the meeting, the Meghalaya government has made it clear that there will be no unfounded charges against the drivers and followers of petrol trucks.
On the other hand, Salman Hussain said that it is true that Tripathi bought these juti from his shop, but he did not admit that they were shops. He also admitted that Tripathi bought the juti after reducing the price by half and said that the promise was that the juti would not spoil. at all, within six months and that too never happened.
When asked whether the department will continue to distribute or when it will be completed, Laloo said that it will not be completed; However, the department will take action to deliver and assist the farmers of the state in any way.
The party will not force the people to vote for anyone but will remind and explain and will promote its own rights.
Shillong: The State Government today declared Block II of Lumpyngngad, Motinagar, a containment zone.
School and Sohryngkham Sec. School.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 846 new cases have been confirmed and there are 8055 active cases in the state.
Besides, the child said that the kidnappers beat him until he died.
In his speech, Bah HDR Lyngdoh said that the opening of the ICP will boost the income and agriculture of the people of the state.
Besides, an ambulance was stopped in the traffic jam with other pedestrians which angered the pedestrians. due to the improper parking of vehicles and the large number of drug dealers who have blocked the road.
Kharmawphlang also said that out of the 13 parties, there is a difference of opinion only on the KSU side. It is suspected that there is something that the government officials have been able to enter to intimidate the KSU on the issue of ILP. “There is a lot of differences of opinion, group formation and hatred,” said the former leader of the party.
Shillong: The RMDO has sent a complaint to the DC of East Khasi Hills District regarding the illegal movement of over loaded vehicles along the Umngot/Dawki Bridge, where trucks carrying boulder stones have been thrown. ) have overloaded between 14 and 20 tonnes which could cause damage and collapse of this old bridge which was built since the British era in
In fact, the HSPDP has already decided to impose strict penalties on these two persons after they went to support the PDF under the leadership of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem in KHADC without permission. from the party.
From an early age, he received the inspiration from his parents to become a good man.
“I and my family have not stopped serving the people of Mawkynrew constituency since he was an MDC since 2014 until today.
The day was followed by traditional dances from different states of the North East.
The State Government has tried this issue by setting up a market at Mawiong and that is enough and it will be a market, but for the sale of 10 kilos, two kilos, should be located in Upper Shillong, as it is the main hub for farmers from Smit, East and West Khasi Hills and so on.
On the second day of the celebration, Symbud Myntri Rangbah Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar will be the Chief Guest in the presence of Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma, Commissioner & Secretary Education and others.
“It is our human nature to expect a lot but there is a limit to everything.
Speaking at the celebration of the Environment Day organized by Khadar Shnong-Laitkroh Block, Bah Chyne said that the people should love and protect the environment because the environment is the life of the son of man.
Jowai, Lber 10:The Mihmyntdu Presbyterian Church, through its Secretary, Tymmen Basan D Passah, has extended his special greetings to all the faithful who attended the service. Sunday U Blei is not there.
With the aim of strengthening the party for the MDC election 2019, the party has already decided on the candidates for these constituencies.
He said that the shortage of police has led to the department lacking staff to patrol in the necessary areas especially for the safety of the people.
Therefore, he appealed to the residents to strengthen their families to surprise people and how to create ways and means to solve various problems by starting from their own homes. we.
CSWO (A) President Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma have been shot dead by coal mafias in violation of the NGT and Supreme Court orders. On 8.11.2018 at Lad Rymbai Outpost, Kong Agnes was seriously injured.
People who climb to the top of the mountain of Nam are people who maintain discipline.
On the other hand, the HYC Mawthadraishan Circle has come to support Bah Ardent at his funeral home today and said that they want to resolve this issue through understanding and not through any violence. .
Kong Helen Giri was born on the 7th of June, 1944, and is a woman who has worked tirelessly to promote and preserve the Khasi dance.
The smart meter has an OCP or Overload Current Protector or an automatic fuse to cut off the overload current. clean and balanced and clean.
Nityanand Rai also paid tribute to the soldiers who gave their lives for the country.
The actress, who is still busy for several new films, will have to leave her job to concentrate and take action before completing urgent tasks.
He said that the demand of the VPP to amend the reservation policy is that the rights of the jaidbynriew should be achieved and the rights of others should not be violated.
However, if it is up to the government to create the means to help such people, it would be better if the government invites people who serve the spirits, whose main help. it is to bring back to a new mind a meaningful change.
“The area is very dirty and too much for the slum and it is not safe especially for the children and the elderly,” said Prestone.
At the same time, he said that recently, he has received information that there has been an Office Memorandum dated 13th June, 2022 issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya. In this article, it was explained how to select students to study MBBS doctorate. In this article, it was said that the selection will be done in accordance with the State Reservation Policy or the relevant policy. There is no job in the workplace of the State Government.
In this regard, the union has suggested to the Minister to provide adequate compensation to the farmers, suppliers and sellers of meat at this time, with the view that their income , is affected in the right way.
The KSU also warns that if the government gives clearance to the company to excavate land from the area and if it pollutes the surrounding waters, such as Wah Umtalen and Wah Lukha, the the union will immediately suspend operations of the company.
“We need to investigate thoroughly on the arrival of these birds every year in the Tyrso area, where the arrival of these birds has reached lakhs of birds and this may be the “It's a blessing to the Tyrso area and the state as a whole to attract tourists,” he said, adding, “Before attracting tourists from all over the world, “We need to investigate more closely so that we can know the truth in order to include them on the tourism map of the state,” he added.
New Delhi: The Indian government has allowed various hospitals to set their own prices for coronavirus injections.
“He should go into every household to fill in the requirements prepared by the central government on the tablet, and if he cheats, he will be found out,” said Bah Kharlyngdoh.
D program and fellowship students,” said Javadekar and added that the central government will also provide scholarships to those studying this through the guidance of the Prime Minister.
Shillong, Lber 18 : The Central Government of Meghalaya has released the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) for students who wish to pursue higher education on the basis of behavior of the bag.
In order to obtain seeds, the tree is planted at a distance of 10 feet from each other; and when he was four years old, they cut off the middle branch.
The race will start from Main Gate Kiang Nangbah Stadium and pass through Ladthadlaboh Main Road, Jowai Public School, Gate Polytechnic, Kshaid Rymphum, Salaroh. Compound, HK Singh School, DC Office, New Hill-National Highway and ended at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium.
The Government of India has awarded the Bharat Ratna to former President Pranab Mukherjee, late Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leader Nanaji Deshmukh and late singer Bhupen Hazarika. and Assam.
This year, the Prime Minister will lead a yoga demonstration at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Shillong, Nailar 09 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the Central Government has not yet taken a decision on the students of Meghalaya, who have been affected by the bloodshed in Manipur.
At the meeting, Rtn.
He said that this campaign was conducted to explain how to shape the future generation.
The AC said Jain’s group apart from the missing money could also be paid its interest.
Bah B.Thabah as Chief Superintendent of Police promised to bring peace and order and to work with the Dorbar Shnongs for the maintenance of peace and order.
At the same time, he said the government is ready to provide training to teachers in collaboration with IGNOU and NIOS with the assistance of the Government of India.
In Jaintia Hills, the attendance of government employees was 92% in West Jaintia Hills and 30% in East Jaintia Hills.
According to her, in the past few months, they have tried many ways to explain to the public how to prevent the spread of the disease and also by using modern technology to test suspected people. that they have this disease.
On this occasion, the MDSA distributed prizes and medals to all the teams and especially to the Mawthynrew Youth Sports Club which won the Third Division which won the trophy and cash prize. Photjaud-Rangthong SC, which won the Second Division, won the trophy and a cash prize of T.30,0
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The residents of Shillong have started to register to benefit from the National Food Security Scheme (NFSS) as many of them do not have their names in their places of residence. name to other non-resident locations.
The people of Garo Hills have always supported PA Sangma who treated the Garo people as their own children,” said Bernard.
Shillong, November 18 : The KSU T20 Cricket Tournament Committee (KSU) has announced that it will once again hold the 2022-2023 season.
For those who are new applicants, applications should be submitted online through the website www.scho-larships.
Bantei said that until now there are about 40,000 farmers who have received this loan but this year there are fewer farmers who have received this loan due to the outbreak of COVID-1
This booklet includes 10 points to strengthen the country and the nation.
How many times have you heard these words, 'Going to bed early and getting up early makes a person healthy, rich and wise?'
The doctors took the baby to the hospital on Tuesday morning, because he had a slow birth.
Eyewitnesses said that the roads were covered with bodies and the group took pictures of the bodies.
The State of Thrissur has suffered the loss of retired Lyngdoh Sohblei who died due to COVID-19 on the 1st-2nd of June.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla said that the District Council has not yet given permission for the signboard, but the NBCC has proceeded smoothly. .
This was announced by Meradalin Kharumnuid, Secretary of the Khasi Diengpasoh.
However, the government's decision to move the SMC from the foundation stone to New Shillong Township has not pleased the West Shillong MLA Mohendro Rapsang, who demanded that the SMC should be relocated once. lay the foundation stone at this place, so that this college should also be built here.
When comparing the votes of Conrad and Dikanchi, Conrad defeated Dikanchi by 1,92,212 votes.
Most of the participants were women and this encouraged the synjuk which organized this training to get the soh in the coming days.
These cows were seized by the BSF troops of Muktapur BOP and no one was arrested in the seizure.
"The counting of race and the giving of race to the mother (woman) is only a “Dustur.
There were also cultural programs by the students of St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong Public School, Sein Raij Secondary School, Holy Cross Secondary School and Government Girl Hr.Secondary School.
Chatterjee is a former mayor of Ranaghat Municipality.
Khliehtyrshi CC scored 157 runs in 23.4 overs for the loss of six wickets.
The counseling center was inaugurated by Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Bull Lyngdoh, Assistant Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh, Bah Justine Maring, President Sur Jingkyrmen Society. Neil J Khongwir, General Secretary, Kshiar, Vincent Lynthong, members of the society and others.
The President of the WKSU, Bah D Sun, said that the two health centers which have been suspended so far include the Urban Health and Wellness Center, one at Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng and the other at Pyndengrei.
Jowai, March 12: U Dolloi of Nartiang District, Don Dkhar, has passed away this morning at his residence in Nartiang.
There are many other problems of women in society such as violence, rape and these days, those who suffer from this are the young, the young.
Goa has become one of the states in need of monitoring for these illegal land grabbing activities.
He added that they demand that the police should not delay in arresting the police who took the life of Bah Cheristerfield like they arrested Bah GK Ïangrai after the allegations of corruption.
Therefore, the question of whether it is right or wrong does not arise.
As someone said – “if we are willing to spend for the education of our children, as we spend for fishing.
However, they said that this time the Congress EC in JHADC has changed completely and issued an order to stop collecting taxes.
The UDP also urged the department to clean up the area so that there will be no illegal activities or danger to the people passing through the bridge.
The appointment process of the MPSC has also caused many problems in many areas.
According to the map prepared by the Brahmaputra Board in its Detail Project Report, which it has sent to the Ministry of Power, the area of ​​the dam is about 50 square kilometers. and the height from the ground to the surface of the water is 62.35 meters which is about 186 feet.
Scouts Master-Guides Captains of various Units attended the two day program with the participation of school children and teachers.
“After looking into and seeing what needs to be done, we have set up our own engineering wing, which is now operational,” he said.
Part of this road at Umkiang near the Police Outpost has become like a dirt road due to the cleaning of the paint.
“We want to get clarity on this issue because the government is willing to discuss the recommendation of the Grand Council of Chiefs,” he said.
On the other hand, the UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, MDC Paul Lyngdoh, EM KHADC, Eugeneson Lyngdoh MLA Mawphlang, MDC Mawphlang and MDC witnessed the meeting. The meeting was conducted by Titostarwell Chyne CEM and District President of the UDP. Speaking at the meeting, Bah Monarch and Bah Wellbirth, expressed their satisfaction that on such a day, the UDP will accept their willingness to work together with the UDP. you party.
The devil will give the kingdom to the beast, and people will worship the beast, saying, “Who is like the beast?” Who can make war with him? And from the temple in Jerusalem he shall preach great things and blasphemies: And power was given unto him to continue forty and two months, and to rule forty and two hundred and sixty days.
These new office bearers were confirmed by Dr. Jemino Mawthoh General Secretary of the UDP in the presence of senior office bearers of the party. Sunshine Makri from Umsning, Baiahunlang Makdoh from Mawhati and Badhok Nongmalieh from Jirang. to the state UDP to get the ticket approval.
There is no problem in knowing the neglect of the states of this region by the central government in the past.
including the Pay for Right Flying Squirrels, Touchline NE Cubs, Onsides Gibbons, Mawlai Raptors, JNS Jaguars and Nongthymmai GC Scorpions.
Not a single brother or sister, mother or wife has received the money as shown in the RTI,” said Rymbai.
This village is about 8 KM from Jowai city and can be reached via Syntu Ksiar, part of Wah Myntdu or from Dawki Amlarem Jowai road via Mustem village.
“We see that there is a difference between the people from the regional perspective but we are afraid that this new way of thinking of religion will enter the way of thinking of the people and if that happens it will be a great disaster. “We understand that we are living in an era of change and an era of turmoil and this challenge does not come from outside but from within the jaidbynriew, as members of the jaidbynriew we must be ready to deal with such incidents," he said.
Speeches were also delivered by Waheh Shnong Moosiang Lamare, Lumlang Muksor, Finance Secretary Narpuh Elaka, Jeremiah Dhar, Spokesperson EJH Truck Owners Association, Soomiyeo Sayoo and others.
The Congress on Tuesday accused the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government in the past three years of being a major robber of Meghalaya. the "Great Meghalaya Loot"
On August 6, 1945, the United States bombed Hiroshima, Little Boy, and three days later, Nagasaki, Fatman.
The youth was taken away by the BSF and handed over to his family, said the Sirdar of Tynriang Elaka.
Bah HDR Lyngdoh as the Chief Guest said that “the success of a person in achieving his goals in life is also the support of others from behind,” he said. fathers are advocates for their own children to lift them to other heights.
Shillong: Eight journalists have waited for 3 hours to meet with the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma at 5:30 pm today. who die.
They should submit their application forms before 29th June 2016, at the office of the department.
The Enforcement Police of the Transport Department should take action against this illegal activity for the sake of the welfare and safety of women and children and also for the increase in government revenue to improve the get the court of the state.
Pohshna said, “We understand that in such a state which has experienced the heaviest rainfall in the world, the maintenance of roads is a difficult task.
Sookini Sutnga congratulates Fourming Siangshai for starting such a salon which is not yet available in the area and for providing employment opportunities to the youth. .
It was one night during the rainy season that a new thought came into his life that he had been dependent on others and that thought was thoughtless but sudden in the soul of Bhalang.
When the reporter tried to phone the two MLAs, the PDF office bearers did not answer even when the news came out that they would join the NPP. These two PDF MLAs have joined the NPP, but they are waiting for the day when they will join.
It is learned that last night after the child did not return home, the family members and residents of the village searched for her, but could not find her and her body was found this morning.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The earthquake in the state has caused the people to feel afraid when they are at home and the KSU has demanded that the government should teach them how to to hide from the storm, and to seek refuge in the day of trouble.
Doctors are still searching for those who may have the disease in Lady Keane, Laban, Pynthorbah, Bishnupur, Demseiniong and Mawprem areas.
Further information can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District or by Email:.
At present, the MCCL owes T.324 crore to the government, only the coal fee and other payments including the salaries of the employees, the outstanding amount is T.52.64 crore. MCCL has yet to pay the employees.
“This company has caused a lot of trouble to the tourists and especially to the sick and poor,” said the statement.
The driver of the vehicle fled the scene immediately after the incident.
Birbhum Police Station is conducting investigation.
Answering further questions, the Minister said she could not make any commitment as it was a very big commitment.
If the daughters of that house like the young man, the children also spend time to sit and listen to the sounds of the house and to spend the night with them, but they don't want to go to bed early.
Out of the 365 teachers appointed, the CBI in its initial investigation found that 268 were illegally appointed.
Manoj is married to Bappi Lahiri, because he loves gold.
This Christmas season is special for the street vendors because even in the midst of the loss of life they are strengthened, encouraged and able to sing the famous Christmas song, Holy Night! Good Night! Under the leadership of Rev N.B.Diengdoh, they were able not only to sing but through this singing they were also able to think and imagine about the world and the society in which they want to live; the world is equal before God, before man.
Mukhla Raij beat Nangbah Mulang 5-5 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah. Stadium on Tuesday.
“We have also decided not to boycott the MP election in East Jaintia Hills District,” said the GS of the KSU. He said that if the government does not repair the road at this time of rain, the rainy season will come and many other problems will arise.
Shillong, July 31: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday expressed his gratitude and congratulations to the Meghalaya Football Team for bringing fame to the region by winning the Football Championship. Khelo India Youth Games 2024 by beating Punjab 2-0 in the final.
The MPs also strongly criticized the Congress leaders for misleading them on this issue.
One person died and about 15 others were injured in the incident.
The program concluded with the distribution of prizes to the winners of the slogan writing competition on the dangers of tobacco use. The prizes were distributed by the MLA of Nongpoh.
A Tourist Taxi (ML 05 N 0224) and an I 20 (ML 05 Q 5786) were set on fire at Forest Colony. Rajesh Printing Press at Qualapatty and then at National Dairy, Motphran last night.
The Umsaw of the All Party Hills Leaders Conference, has swept the Jaintia Dorbar from one Mawlong to another and has buried the dead woman. The Jaintia Dorbar has been established but its roots have not died.
Conrad urged various hotels to cooperate with rural farmers or agricultural importers or SHGs by taking agricultural products from the farmers.
Prestone said the government and the health department will take action and monitor all these returnees from outside the state.
In addition, the Minister also distributed Direct Benefit Transfer to 23,491 beneficiaries worth T.11.75 crore under FOCUS+.
During his time at Bengaluru FC, Delgado played in the midfield for Carles Cuadrat.
“If necessary, the government will respond to the proposal before sending it back to the Governor,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
The Governor said it is not within his power to pass the Bill, which aims to ban people from other parts of the country from coming to Meghalaya.
The film was released in 4,700 cinemas in the country and Salman was delighted with the market performance of India, where the audience supported the film. He wrote on his Twitter account that he congratulated the fans of his films, as this is the highest grossing film in his career, which has been going on for three decades.
According to the DC, it is understood that the Act has been in place but the rules that should be included in it have not yet been drafted.
The public hearing on the case is scheduled for the 19th of March.
What I would like to ask Bah Ronnie is this – isn't it the duty of those MLAs who sit in the opposition to investigate all the corruption? Has the Congress party ever appealed to the court against the illegal mining of coal after it was banned since April 2014? If the Congress party has not done that, it should answer why it has not done so.
How many of us think that we elect the leaders to make those laws and to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi? Many of us have lost our friends because we don't have enough food and drink.
He said that in these years there have been many elderly people who have fallen into this river, but they have been stuck in the middle of the river because of the stones.
Later, you will have to accept the promise of the players.
The Seng has put before the Vice Chancellor many demands including the shortage of teachers in various departments, the lack of buses to pick up and drop off the students, the lack of roads. medical care, inadequate facilities for the youth living in hostels and others.
Shillong, July 14: The Regional Committee for West Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the Regional Committee for West Jaintia Hills District will meet for the first time in Shillong. to survey the disputed areas in West Jaintia Hills District and West Karbi Anglong District in the last month of July or November before sending the survey report to the State Governments in April,
The High Court on 28th July has issued an order to allow women to take part in the election of Rangbah Shnong.
After a meeting held on 11 April 2020 between the district authorities and the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, the issue was resolved but the blockade continued at the outpost of Tiehwieh.
The continuous death of fish from time to time and from one place to another in parts of West Khasi Hills District has been a great loss to the fish farmers who earn their living from this industry.
Therefore, the organizations left the area with the threat that if anything happens; “The District authorities should take responsibility”.
After the race, prizes were awarded to the winners of the race, the Under -12 years. The winner was Larijanai Wartde from Sakwang, Kynti. Mary Ramsiej from Sakwang came second and Lawansuk Kharbani from Umoid came third.
One of the youths sustained serious injuries to his ears, while another youth, identified as Ailad, sustained head injuries and doctors are preparing for surgery.
“The campaign to create peace has led to bloodshed against those who oppose the government.
Babu Khongjirem said that the committee will create the means to honor him by erecting a Maw Dur at his village in Laitlyngkot or at a place where they will discuss to arrange and do other works. to proclaim your name.
Besides Councilor Wahlang, PDF President Aivanlumlang Marbaniang also welcomed Lambok Nongrang, General Secretary of Pyndengumiong Village to the PDF along with thousands of supporters. These two leaders from Mairang area who attended the rally were held at the Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Mairang.
Police evacuated students from another nearby school when they went to surround the suspect's residence that day.
Speaking to media on the incident in Iongkhuli, Ri Bhoi District, the Chief Minister said he has already spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam yesterday and today and It was also decided that there should be no more violence and there should be no more peace and order in these states.
It is necessary that the leaders should take action against this issue because the threat to the nation is not from any reason but from drugs. will happen to the nation and will there still be those who will rise up to protect the nation?
The Minister in charge of Sports, Arunachal Pradesh, Mama Natung, has expressed her confidence and courage in the state's ability to host the National Games at any time. that few years.
According to the certificate from the Nazareth Medical Officer, the four persons have declared that they used the spoiled food, said Bah Bareh while showing the documents.
The meeting was also attended by KSU Publicity Secretary Pynshai Rani as the chief guest, KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit leaders including President Streamly S Suchen, Cherity Suja, Assistant Finance Secretary KSU EJHDU, Shaniahskhem. Dkhar Finance Secretary KSU EJHDU and the Principals of KB Memorial Secondary School Mr. Heipor Uni Bang and the Head Mistress of Wapung Shnong Sein Raij.
We cannot say that in any of the jobs we do now we need to have those computers or computers that meet our needs in all areas, but when we turn back to education we see that even if we have started to grow but we are still lacking in many ways.
Furthermore, the Mock Exercise was conducted at 7 places around the district center where landslides, house collapses and fires have occurred in parts of the district including The Mini Secretariat Complex at Laitlawsang, the Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat CHC, Mawkyrwat Market, Mawkyrwat Precinct and the road at Mawkyllut.
However, he did not specify the date of the elections and said, “It is up to the Governor to announce the date of the elections”.
On the other hand, Bah Jyrwa stressed that until the tax is increased or the price of petrol or diesel is not increased or the fare is not increased, the chess will continue. income stop throughout the state.
He said that what the Chief Minister who is also the President of the NPP has said is true that many of the party leaders want to dismiss Bah Ernest Mawrie.
The school was established in 2013 through a social agreement between the church and the village and the Compassion Agency-East India which will be funded by foreign countries such as North Korea and abroad to help poor children. who do not have the opportunity to go to school like other children.
He said that they have also found that the method of counting the bill is different from the bill that reaches the meter and this is because no one has ever gone to check the meter but has been counting the bill without sitting.
However, the question arises, is it still possible to make the Khasi people a nation that knows man and knows God and what are the ways and means to protect the nation to know its rights and status? of human longevity.
“Because the festivals will start in the coming months, this scheme will feed 80 crore people, where they will receive 5 kilos of rice and 10 kilos of dai and this will continue. until Diwali and Chhath Puja, or until November,” said Prime Minister Narendra Modi, addressing the nation today.
The order came at a time when discussions were going on over the appointment of the 78-year-old Chief Engineer of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA).
As the opposition did not allow the House to run smoothly, it was agreed by both sides to accept the President's speech without any objection.
Firstly, this buffer stock has been set aside so that the country will not run out of food in the event of a pandemic, natural disaster or war.
After that, the security forces in the area fought and defeated two militants in the incident.
This is a very bad path because the Khasi nation, which is small, has become smaller in the name of division among us.
The FFF's opposition to the construction of the mall is not only for the sake of environmental protection, but also for the influx of foreign investors. There is no way to set up jobs in this mall, which will lead to the dismissal of people from the state who intend to set up jobs themselves, and they will become only those who work under these rich people, not those who are own a business in his own state.
The explanatory visits of the health personnel did not end at the Sub Health centres, but went to the most remote villages to conduct tests, distribute musari and medicines, to explain how to use musari at night to prevent the spread of malaria carriers.
So far, 2,72,94,413 people have been injected and out of these, 73,62,507 have been injected twice.
India lost 2-0 to the UAE in Abu Dhabi.
This decision was taken at the General Executive Council (GEC) meeting held on the 4th of this month to discuss the election of new office bearers of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the KSU. parent company.
Prestone informed the Seng leaders that the State Government has taken the initiative to upgrade the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit as it understands the plight of the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi as it is far from Nongpoh.
According to information, the distributors of almost all the places, complain that they have to pay the transportation fee and to produce this, they have to count on the higher price from the ration takers.
In Jammu, a mega public rally will be held in Jammu on July 23, where Shah will deliver a speech,” Raina said.
The main problem is that the residents of Dawki area have only one bridge which is the source of traffic, trade, medical treatment to Shillong and if this bridge collapses suddenly it will put you in great trouble.
Furthermore, the Sengkur Phawa Siangshai strongly condemns the incident of murder of this woman by her husband and urges the law enforcement authorities to arrest Plom Dkhar immediately and punish him according to the rules of law.
Speaking to reporters, these clothes vendors said that a few days ago, some people whom they did not recognize came to them but they said that he was one of the leaders of the Sengbhalang. They said that they have received a reply that it is for the construction of a shop which is 9 feet wide and 30 feet high.
Three volunteers of NVDA 1968 who are still alive today were also honoured.
This means that they happened to fulfill three feasts: the feast of the Passover.
We need policies now, according to the explanation of the past.
Worse still, he who opposes is called evil, and he who allows himself to do whatever he wants is called good.
This award is a sign of respect to the former village officials for their contribution to the society.
There are many new items that we cannot get from the shops but we can buy from this Tamasa Tlang.
Throughout the day, the MLA also inaugurated the office of the Head Mistress of Nomiwel Secondary School and the office of the Dorbar Shnong which was inaugurated by the MLA Nongpoh.
Field Publicity Asst., CBC, FO, Nongstoiñ, Delicia E.Jyrwa also gave a welcome speech.
There are many teachers who are qualified but do not have MTET. Therefore, we request the Minister to take action on this issue as well and strengthen the rules for Adhoc schools to appoint teachers who have not completed MTET. ," he said.
Nongpoh, Lber 01: A driver of a truck has died shortly after colliding with a truck on the National Highway at Mawdiangum.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Roykupar Synrem General Secretary of the HYC said that these issues are to get the ILP which the civil society and the people of the state have demanded. They demanded that the government should introduce this bill to curb the entry of foreigners by forcing the central government to pass this bill which has been passed by the House. you have a resolution on this.
Every night they beat those brothers who were dressed in rags, dressed in garbage and dressed like wild beasts.
He said that the schools in the area since Meghalaya did not get a full state are Langpih Government LP School, Nongma Government LP School, Mawdiangsnam Government LP School and others.
At the meeting of the farmers in the market, there was also a call to stop the purchase of cows from the market, but due to the request of the foreigners who brought cows for sale in the market, However, if the Hima Mylliem continues to oppose and if the government does not listen to the demand of the farmers, they have decided to hold a strike. They added that they should not buy cows from the market.
Therefore, the desire of the Garo within the KHADC is illegal and so is the Khasi within the GHADC. In North East India, the Riewlum make up only 27% of the 16 Autonomous Districts. Council most of these tribes have become Christians.
Arunachal Pradesh has appealed to the Supreme Court alleging that Assam has come to erect its buildings in the disputed areas.
The age in which we live today does not have peace for the elderly especially for the young women.
They said that the state party has received the order from the BJP headquarters in Delhi or the BJP High Command.
The authorities do not have a place in this register which is the property of the country.
The JSU has demanded that the BSF should monitor the smuggling of Bangladeshi Dkhars into India in all the border villages and border areas with Bangladesh.
Thousands of teachers from all districts of the state attended the Peace Rally held in Shillong.
NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa in a statement issued on Thursday said that the NESO would like to remind all the people of the North East that on November 11, 2019, despite the opposition to the The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2019, 2019, has been passed by the Rajya Sabha through the Rajya Sabha. of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019.
The kickboxing team from East Khasi Hills District has won the State Level Kickboxing Championship organized by the Meghalaya Association of Kickboxing Organizations (MAKO) from 31st July to About 80 participants took part in the Kickboxing Tournament on 1st November 2023 at the headquarters of MSMA. Hills District came second.
E.F Gatphoh, Director Club Service Rtn.
“This fall is likely to happen next month,” the source said.
Other smaller parties will not hesitate to ask for assistance from larger parties so that they can move forward.
He said that even the Central Civil Service has been allowed up to 37 years of age and therefore the age limit of only 32 years is too low.
“It has been ordered to expedite the distribution of assistance to the elderly, the disabled, the widows and others,” he said.
Shillong, June 18: The 150th Anniversary of the Cherra Teacher's Training Center-Sohra will be celebrated on the 15th July this year. you risaw this year.
Leave as soon as possible if you die of corona.
Pynshngaiñ said that earlier, after receiving complaints and as the Syiem is in trouble, the KHADC has given temporary time to the Syiem Khynnah of the Hima to run the affairs of the Hima. However, after waiting for a long time, we saw that the Syiem was not in good health and did not come to his office, so we issued an order to suspend him and appointed him. Ricky Nelson Syiem as Acting Syiem,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
As the son of Don Bosco, he loved young children and wanted them to have the best in their lives physically and spiritually.
Only one outlet in each ward which is a problem for 50 prisoners confined in one ward and there is an urgent need to build a new outlet for each ward .
He recalled that before the operation of the factory, a public hearing was held at the same place.
In addition, it was also decided to hold another peace meeting with the participation of magistrates from the two districts and leaders of the Pnar and Karbi communities.
In a petition submitted to the Minister, KHNAM said that the water distributed to the households in Shillong is like umphniang and this has caused concern to the people of Shillong that it has not been distributed to the households. to affect health.
In the morning, the next ceremony was the Syntiew Puja by Wamon at the Umiurem River in the presence of the youth and some of the religious servants of the raij. Pastieh Niam at the house of Wamon in the presence of the children of the Raij with their beautiful dresses.
These shops and vehicles belong to people from Iooksi village, about 2 kilometers from the scene.
Radhakrishnan as a school student was very intelligent and his scholarship helped and supported his desire to continue his education.
“To take action on this issue, the department when they found that there was a theft of the examination in Dadengre subdivision, so elsewhere the examination was conducted and this subdivision decided to The examination has been postponed and will be held after the examination has been postponed from this sub division, but the department has not yet been able to conduct the examination and after the MDC election has come and the mid-term election will come. After this, the government has been able to issue a notice on the post at Dadengre and after this, the High Court has ordered that all government departments should first provide a roster system and for this reason. that the government failed to conduct the exam so the teachers continued their work".
Choosing healthy foods and eating regularly is important that we hear about from time to time.
Olsson, who has made 47 appearances for Sweden, has played for Swedish club AIK, Krasnodar in Russia and Anderlecht in Belgium.
HL Wanniang, President of BSI Mawkyrwat Branch and the reading and prayer was opened by Pastor IR Sane Thongni and the sermon from the Word of God by Pastor (Dr.) SI Iawphniaw.
On the part of the journalists, RM Shabong, President of the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) took part in the meeting. thank you very much, that you are the first Governor to gather different intellectuals and religious people to discuss the state of affairs in the State, where even the government elected by the people, does not invite, such this meeting to discuss experts on economic and social development".
Cleanliness means the absence of dirt, filth, darkness and even impurities.
Expressing their concern, the residents said, “The Government and NHAI have treated us the residents of East Jaintia Hills District too badly.
Noting that the Government has ensured that development works have reached the entire State, the Minister said that for the first time, the Government has set up Mini Secretariats in different parts of the State including Tura, Jowai and Pynursla.
Shillong, Nailar 1 : Many people have been shot dead by a group of people walking around Shillong pretending to ask for phones to talk to their family members. but they fled from him.
The killing of Bah Christ was a shooting death by the Hima politicians including some Ministers in the MDA government,” he said. “The police chief involved in the shooting death of Bah Cherish will be in trouble.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) on Saturday alleged that corruption in the government has been in all aspects from the office to the streets.
First glory goes to God who has been with us in all our prayers and I would like to thank the teachers who have dedicated their lives to teach these students, as well as the parents. of these 66 students who passed and came forward in the examination, and the success of these students has pleased not only the students who have passed well but also the parents especially the teachers as well. of Sokhlet.
The group of 12 organizations also strongly condemned the group of Sikhs who came from abroad to interfere in the domestic affairs of the state and who came to sow the seeds of ethnic discrimination without knowing or understanding. They urged the government not to listen to their words but to expedite the work.
The strike by the ration vendors, which has been agreed with 5 lakh ration vendors across India, will also hold a day of mourning or a day of mourning for the ration distributors. said the general secretary of the Association, Babychan Mukkadan.
The 132nd Durand Cup will be played at four venues including Kolkata, Guwahati, Shillong and Kokrajhar.
Meanwhile, members of the Sangh Parivaar, which includes the BJP, RSS, ABVP, Bajrang Dal and others, have been urging the draft to abolish the Schedule Tribe rights of Christians in Northeat. The RSS and the Janajati Dharma Sanskriti Suraksha Manch (JDSSM) have decided to hold a program “Challo Dispur” to demand the central and state governments to amend Art.342-A and The Union Civil Code (UCC) which will soon become law will not be discussed.
He said that REC Limited Company provides assistance to the State Electricity Board, the State Government and the Central Government for the construction of electricity plants and also to supply electricity to the rural areas.
He said that Lakadong shynrai contains a lot of curcumin and compared to other shynrai this shynrai is the best and everyone demands this shynrai from making medicines and cooking food, he said. and the High Priest.
Furthermore, the union would like to inform the public that the next meeting will be held at Mawsynram Market on the 16th of this month from 11:30 pm.
Police have tried to search for the truck and have conducted a search operation on all the roads, but the truck has gone away without appearing. The body of the woman has been sent to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for post mortem.
He also slammed the MDA government for not remembering to look after the welfare of the people but which had to be ordered by the High Court.
There were also those who managed to escape from the darkness of the night.
Look now in all aspects, while the income and employment has increased, the trade has decreased every day, while the paid trap and suffering has increased. , thousands and thousands and thousands of thap are all full, but the 'eit Ksuid' (money) is still spreading only to a few people.
In North Garo Hills, there are 47 cases.
There are those who run away because of fear.
The Congress has decided to hold a curfew on the 10th of November 2018 across the country, alleging that the price of petrol has risen sharply. He said that the people of the country are in great sorrow these days, because of the excessive cleanliness of the Prime Minister of the country, Narendra Modi.
“For in that he died, he died unto sin once: but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God.
The first prize went to Ieidasper Niang and Theijheimon Niang from Mukhap.
In the case of Umiam, it is quick to decrease because we have used too much of this water to reduce the power outage, which is not available for Myntdu”.
According to Bah Paila, if Laitkroh is removed, it will lose its honor and reputation and will become a village.
Therefore, she wanted Hamza to take part in this kilanmet program and also to take part in these games which will be held before the end of October.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the RBYF leaders said that it is sad to see that many of the tourists throw garbage on the side of the road and eventually these garbage reaches the river. and pollutes the water and changes the deterioration of the environment.
Let us all join hands to fight against this Coronavirus.
Union Minister of State for Sports Anurag Singh Thakur on Tuesday inaugurated the first Khelo India Para Games at the KD Jadhav Indoor Hall at the Indira Gandhi Sports Complex in Delhi.
:The music video, Synjam, which features Samuel Kurbah, Abalin Nongkhlaw, Keebor ATK Kurbah and Mickey Lyngdoh, has been released last month.
The opening ceremony was attended by village leaders, environmental experts, government officials and others.
In fact, we are very pleased that there is a scheme from the central government to improve the health facilities,” he said.
The High Court has advised the state government to send its officials to talk to the NHIDCL on the remaining parts of the project including the construction of the flyover.
Speaking to Rupang, Rana said that a channel masi raikhoh has not received permission to release the albums of the singer and this is because they have stolen the copyright. And Mr. Rana.
However, when it was their destiny to keep the story, they didn't listen and did the same.
At the same time, he congratulated and expressed his gratitude to the MLA for this.
Other speakers at the meeting were Naphisaka Ryngkhlem of Swachh Bharat Mission and Vivian Oswin Pajuh of Grassroot, Firstway Syngkon, DCIC, Jowai.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ms Warjri expressed her happiness to take part in the 125th Anniversary Celebration and praised the school for its long journey. now.
The ability to learn and follow how to use it is the wisdom that God has given freely to mankind.
“After receiving a letter from the Assam government to allocate only two places to Meghalaya to study medicine, I took action and spoke to Himanta as a fellow member of the party. “It should increase the share of 10 persons to Meghalaya,” said Bah Hek.
Iran has fired 15 missiles at a US military base in an attack on the United States, but Trump responded on Twitter by saying, "All is well. ! or there is nothing wrong.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to
Jowai, Jymmang 08: The JSU Shillong Circle today visited and paid special tribute to Evangel Pohplet at her home in Shillong. Meghalaya won the 3rd National K-1 Championship in Rajasthan, the biggest tournament in India.
The problem in the world is that today's leaders no longer have the spirit to help others even if they are divided.
The players, who were supervised by coach Seibor Sana, will take part in the All India Football Federation (AIFF) tournament between GTC Guwahati and SAI Kolkata. , Tata Football Academy of Jamshedpur and Rangdajied United of Shillong.
“Elect leaders who can create adequate employment opportunities for the youth, not to ignore temporary jobs but to demand jobs to be junom ne permanent”, said the President of HITO and if the leaders come to the house welcome them by giving them a kulap flower with shiah and said that if they need a vote take this flower and They shall write the agreement and shall make appropriate laws or policies.
Urban Senses, a company, has installed 12 GreenPee stations in various parts of Amsterdam, which are known to be the most popular places to visit. for plain water.
Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala has accused the Indian government of increasing the price of petrol, diesel and kerosene. crore from the tax on petrol and diesel.
It was learned that the doctors had taken some parts of the body of the deceased which they had put in bottles and when asked which parts they had taken they did not say.
Gilbert Laloo was welcomed by the party's State President Charles Pyngrope, State Vice President James Lyngdoh and others.
The soldier died now in the morning.
Manchester City and Aston Villa won their Premier League (EPL) match on Sunday.
T.133 crore is the right of the District Council.
They will say these crazy people.
The meeting was held at the Conference of the District Election Officer in Nongpoh. Along with the candidates and Polling Agents from various parties, the General Observer, K.Veera Raghava was also present. Rao, IAS, Narendra Kumar Dugga, IAS and also District Election Officer Arpirt Upadhayaya, SP Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, returning officers and assistant returning officers from various constituencies of Ri Bhoi.
“Not only to phone when you need or send pictures and others don't get it even if they are in parts of the city. that Tower Mobile".
More than 2 lakh mothers have benefited from various programs and schemes.
Upper Primary teachers will receive 22,000 tyngka per month, Lower Primary teachers 18,000 tyngka, Hindi teachers 18,000 tyngka and 4th teachers in SSA schools 18,000 tyngka.
This satanic spirit began to infect Lucifer.
How do you don BOR ? When he has no posterity, he goes from his mother's house to his mother's house and goes to his mother's house.
“I strongly suspect that Manbha sold my daughter in Guwahati and when she tried to run away, they tied her with sharp sticks from her head,” she said.
Rising Stars scored 75 runs.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: U Pappu Das, son of Heminder Das, has become the owner of Pommura Village and has received an EPIC and Aadhar number from the Sordar Shnong. too.
Not only that, he said that after the cleaning of the cows, the cows were sold at the same price as the cows from Nongstoin at 240 tyngka per kilo. These cows from Assam have been imported by suppliers and sometimes foreigners come to Nongstoiñ to bring their cows.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that 1,178 cases have been confirmed in the state, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 11,3
The HNYF leader alleged that the reason for the deterioration of the road is because the contractor who constructed the road has not done it properly, because there are places where it needs to be installed (Hume pipe). ), so that the water can flow from where it should flow, but due to the lack of Hume pipes which has caused the water to flow along the road and which has quickly deteriorated the road.
However, after the EC members of KHADC left for Ïewduh on the 12th of June, the Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh together with the VPP MLAs including Bah Ardent left for the market. only to Judea.
It was from 1984-85 onwards that there was a village split and it was in 2017 that the elders decided to bring in only one Dorbar Shnong.
Without the government, they have been living in the village streets and village streets to watch over those who walk and stand.
Mairang, March 26: The District Election Officer of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, has been preparing for the Lok Sabha elections, which are scheduled to be held in
He also explained about the many financial assistance opportunities through the prime incubation where 50 entrepreneurs have been selected.
The FKJGP said that the low pH value in these sampled waters indicates that these waters are highly acidic.
According to sources, the suspect suddenly appeared on the NH 06 on the way to Shangpung village carrying a knife and stones to rob the vehicles without being found.
They hate Modi, they hate Sonia, they hate Prestone and they hate Conrad Sangma because in their opinion the right party is only Prah.
Application forms can also be obtained from the offices of the BDOs of Mairang and Mawthadraishan Block during office hours and the deadline for submission of the required documents to the offices of the BDOs will be on the 31st. October 1, 2023.
The funeral service will be held on 4.6.2023 at the Presbyterian Church Jowai at 3 pm.
A total of 454 MPs supported the bill while two other MPs opposed it.
Furthermore, the Pastor expressed his regret that the school will soon celebrate its 175th anniversary.
In addition, in the Executive Summary of the Factory on page 13 of the Exhibit No.1.2, it is stated that place or part of.
Choose someone whom we can send to advocate for our cause, and who can also distribute equal aid to the people without feeling like party or neighbor.
It may be recalled that on 7th July 2019, Assam was celebrated as a day of mourning against the immigration law, which allows minorities from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Bangladesh to migrate. to the northeast.
Leader BB Lyngdoh supported the decision and said that the Lama of these countries will be held in Guwahati, Assam. to take up the issue.
Shillong, March 27: Students of NEHU, have protested against the decision to remove those students of NEHU. They demanded that the Human Resource Department should continue to allow them.
"This is one thing I want to tell you, Nia, don't worry about this, but the goodness will last and don't forget us when you need anything especially for Rida.
The district administration has imposed a curfew to curb the violence and maintain peace and order.
The elections are coming up in about two months to cast votes, and the government ministers, who are in power, have been busy every day with 30 kinds of programs and the people are happy because they have not received the vote. There are those who are more shy, they pay a day's wages just to come to the meeting to show the number of people so that those who oppose will be afraid.
Four Karate players in the country have been sentenced to life imprisonment after they were found guilty of assaulting and expelling one of the Junior Karate players during a party. His birthday celebration at the Sports Authority of India (SAI) headquarters.
Sin cannot be played with blood.
The Chief Minister also informed about the need for a railway line from Agia to Badarpur in Assam through Meghalaya, which will pass through the border of Meghalaya and Bangladesh. The railway line will connect to the Barak Valley of Assam, Tripura and Mizoram to boost traffic and trade between the State and Riba. margin.
The Rangbah Shnong/Rangbah Dong should ensure that no family should be discriminated against just because of religious or ethnic differences.
Those who wish to work must have completed BV Sc AH and the salary will be T.15 thousand per month.
The Khasi word for MESMERISE is SHOH TYNDEP. The word SHOH TYNDEP comes from the word Khaw Tyndep, the rice used by the farmers.
Regarding the increase in crimes such as rape, kidnapping and murder, theft and robbery and others, this reporter spoke to a Chief Superintendent of Police of West Khasi Hills. who did not want to be named, in which he said that the thieves in these days are no longer afraid to do any evil deeds that their hearts desire even in the morning and they are no longer afraid to. the village headmen and even the police.
The SKRS of Ri Bhoi has also expressed its strong opposition.
Therefore, for students residing in rural areas are very disadvantaged to get placed in higher education due to lack of institutions in rural areas.
The Government understands that even while coal will remain an essential source of electricity in the country, the way forward lies in clean coal-related technologies and industry expansion.
The MFA has a goal that after 10 years, by 2028, it will become the most prominent state in football and the Asian Player Development Center by 2030,” said Ming.
Stephanson Mukhim was the chief guest in the presence of Local MDC Lamdibok Sumer, EM JHADC Hollando Lamin and other dignitaries. the area who are invited.
They also said that the reduction in the fare of 200 tyngka per person of the Association will be implemented from 1st July,
Then it is the road to Cherrapunjee Holiday Resort in Laitkyndew, Smoky Falls Mae Fi Resort in Tyrna and other tourist facilities.
The report said that the father of the child who was trapped in the collapse of their home in Turkey has not been able to release the hand of the child. 15 years because only a hand could come out of the place where it was buried in the collapsed parts of their house.
Meanwhile, police said that they have received complaints from the public that many commercial vehicles in the city even if no one is willing to refuse to pick up passengers in the city. .
At this time, the police who were present at the scene took the mother and put a condition to release the traffic.
Shillong, Jymmang, 21: Ka Iewduh, which is one of the largest markets in the state, will soon become one of the new markets that will attract tourists from all over the world. The Government has allocated T.50 crore, said the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, while speaking on the allocation on Tuesday.
Horen, who is also the General Secretary of the Mawklot Primary Milk Producer Cooperative Society, said that the marketing of milk by the cow farmers has been done by the agency. , but the members of the Society are also members of that Agency.
Shillong, Nailar 9: The Act East Policy of the Union Government is like a bridge to connect the North East with its neighboring countries, said the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan today.
Shillong, June :St.
“I am confident that the UDP candidate will win the mid-term elections from Shella,” said Sniawbhalang.
The procession started at 1 pm and ended till evening.
Shillong: The Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MWU) Central Body today held a meeting at Amlarem Block to discuss the plight of ASHAs from the dispensaries in Padu, Jarain, Amlarem. Pdengshakap and Nongtalang on their right to receive the Asha benefit scheme, MMBs and incentives from 2015 to this year.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Northern Region on Saturday visited the Infiltration Check Gate at Byrnihat. , which is also a sign of demand from the state government, to increase the search of foreigners entering Meghalaya and especially at this time, when Assam has announced the final list of foreigners entering Meghalaya. Leaders of the HNYF, led by Bah Marcus Marten, President, visited the NRC checkpoint. to meet with the officers at the checkpoint and also to seek information on the presence of people who intend to smuggle into the state.
In this regard, two cases have been registered at Mawlai PS under Section 419/420 IPC and Lumdiengjri PS C/No. 71(05)2023 under Section 419/420 IPC. “Bah Richard Tiplang Swer (39 years old) has been arrested and charged with impersonation as an IB Officer. Police also seized a Bolero (ML-05-Z-3007) with a siren, VIP blinker, mobile phone, laptop, books and documents from your home in Wahingdoh.
Shillong, November 29: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF) will celebrate the 155th death anniversary of Woh Kiang Nangbah. The march will start from Lad College Kiang Nangbah to Ummulong Stand Iawmusiang near Jowai Police Station on the 30th November 2017 at 12:00 pm. The focus of the meeting was on how to develop the country and the nation in which various units, districts and circles will come to take part.
Speaking to media, Bah Sniawbhalang said that the Government has already decided to relocate the Shillong District Jail to the New Shillong Township. (the Government of the country) sha covered".
Almost all of us know that this earth was created not only for us human beings but also for all living things such as the dohum, the dohthli, the sher-syngkai bamon or the shymprong-kynriah-da. -dien, the locusts, the jackals, the jackals, the bseiñ, the tyrpud, the crocodiles, the dkhiew, the snakes, the dkhans and all the wild animals, the birds, the fish, the insects, the lizards, the thapbalieh- thapbalong and also the wings of the wings.
Also present on the occasion were the President of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew as the chief guest to welcome the group, the Principal of the school, Kong J.Warjri, u The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Romel Lyngdoh, Bah RB Shadap, Secretary of the SMC, and other leaders.
The area of ​​these areas is 36.9 kilometers around and the 30 areas with Meghalaya are 18 kilometers around and the seven areas going to Assam are 18.9 kilometers around.
Speaking to reporters, one of the Rangbah Kur, Bah Lorel Tham, said that they will hold a meeting to discuss these issues. great nation.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) or others should take steps to unite the voices of those who want to change the Reservation Policy according to the facts and to ensure that there will be no division. of any voice that wants the same thong.
The Minister also acknowledged that the Central Government has assisted in the construction of two more police battalions in the state.
Under the implementation of the Atal Tinkering Model, assistance and support has been released for the construction of tinkering laboratories,” said Bommai.
“The revenue share from the Central Government is expected to increase to T.9,355 crore for the year 2024-2025 from the revised estimate of T.8,471 crore this year, which shows an increase of 10%,” he said, adding that the Government's own revenue this year is T.3,262 crore, an increase of 23% from previous years.
India won the U-15 title in 2018 and 2019, after beating Bangladesh in the final.
They should not underestimate the hard work of their parents,” said Marbud Dkhar.
At the same time, Bah Nongrum said that the union has met with the director of AAI in Umroi to provide employment opportunities to the youth especially the land owners who have been affected by the land acquisition for the construction of the dam. aircraft but did not make any commitments to them.
From Guwahati, it will first be introduced in three parishes of Ribhoi District, Byrnihat Parish, Nongpoh Parish, Umsning Parish and then Mawlai Parish.
“Even the development projects that we get often fail due to the lack of roads,” he said. “You can look at this housing scheme or the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (PMAY) which has been implemented. MGNREGA scheme where one household has been allocated about 1.3 lakh and the working day is about 85-95 days. The government has not yet discussed the date of the construction of the house.
Shetja water :- Shetja water is one of the best ways to treat rheumatism.
“Through this day we have allowed to demonstrate democracy as handed over and promised by the leaders of the country to achieve independence,” he said.
Two recipients of the National Award were honored on the occasion, Bah Timothy Jones Dhar, National Teacher's Award 2023 and the recipient of the National Award from the Ministry of Skills. Eldora B. Lyngdoh who received the Independence Day Virtual Art Exhibition 2023 organized by the University of Art, Panipat, Haryana and Dr. Careen EG Marbaniang who received the Independence Day Virtual Art Exhibition 2023 District Award for her hard work and services to education in the state.
Shillong: Hundreds of families have lost their loved ones in the pandemic. lynshop tyngeh for the second time and in no way has this disease forgiven anyone.
Formerly the Gentiles enslaved the Jews, but the time of the Gentiles is over, and the Jews will now enslave those who enslaved them: and they shall rule over them that rule over them" Isaiah 14:1 1-2.
You Angry ! HELP THE POOR TO IMPROVE YOUR NATION TO BE HAPPY SO THAT THE COUNTRY WILL DEVELOPMENT or Help the poor Uplift the community.
The Meghalaya Assembly Committee on Estimates, led by Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem, on Friday inspected the construction of the Industrial Training Institute (ITI) at Sakwang village, Mawkyrwat, South West. Khasi Hills and also expressed his satisfaction with the progress of chess.
Besides, he said that the residents have said that this can put the lives of the school children in danger because the children have to cross the rivers to reach the schools or they can drop out of school. in the rainy season.
The Head Officer said that the Government has implemented immediate measures in these villages and has declared the villages within 1 km radius of these new areas as 'Infected Zone' and all the villages within 10 km radius such as “Surveillance Zone”.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: Meghalaya has received a railway line after 41 years of independence. The railway line was inaugurated by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday. flag as a sign of the opening of the first passenger train connecting Garo Hills from Mendi Pathar to Assam.
Other speakers included Banshanlang Shylla, President of Seinkur Shylla, Dr. Prince Shylla, Overload Shylla, EC Members of South West Khasi Hills and Mawsiang Shylla. Performances by the youths of the War Jaintia, Ialong, Sabah Muswang and others.
When you come to the rivers, you will find such stones to cross from one side of the river to the other.
The Sixth is trying to introduce new valuable technologies that can deliver the goals – such as teachers, classrooms, and money – in the Federal Government and in the State and is difficult for to implement the policy in an efficient manner.
Speaking on the occasion, James said the matter will be considered by the government when it announces the counting of votes for the district councils next year.
“We demand that these three factories should stop mining within two months otherwise we will take strong action,” said Bah Reading.
It means that those who have died and will be resurrected on that day of the coming of Jesus Christ at midnight, which is the time of the Resurrection, will be the time of the first resurrection.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are three cases, one from the Armed Forces, one health worker and one from abroad.
He said the union has also demanded to pay the expenses of Balari who is undergoing treatment at Nazareth Hospital and the minister said he is still seeking a report on this.
The dispute will be resolved on a 6.5 kilometer area, 1.5 km from Doykhata in Nilphamari district, 2 km from Muhurir Char in Feni and 3 km from Lathitila. of Moulvibazar.
Unfortunately, although the vehicles escaped from the overturning, the traffic jam was very severe in the area.
“Three months have passed since the shooting incident in Mukroh but no action has been taken against those involved in the shooting.
Therefore, the Court urged the Central Government to implement the rules which were old about 14 years ago in consultation with the States.
As we expect and expect, Jesus has not yet come; where are you from? How are you guys? Where will he come? More shockingly and unacceptably, there are groups of Christians who claim that Jesus will come immediately after the completion of the invasion and the war against the inhabitants. in Palestine now.
It may be recalled that the main objective of the FKJGP to hold this tournament is to raise funds for the cause of the tournament. to provide housing assistance to a poor family in Sawsymper area and also to promote sports activities for the youth of Bri u Hynniewtrep.
This shows that this government is unreliable.
Nabon is a film based on a true story that happened more than 170 years ago in Sohra, about a girl named Nabon.
In another development, the Khimusniang Dorbar Shnong has informed that it is allowed to teach driving, teaching motorcycles within the boundary of the village only within 7am.
“Why didn't they (Police) bring their Night Vision Device (NVD) to identify?
At present, we should not talk about the Give and Take policy but we should stand on the basis that the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya should be the same. depending on the availability of documents.
Recalling that the residents of Manipur when they came to Madanrting on the 12th of last month did not consult the village leaders, Bah Malngiang said that at that time, They said that they have already spoken to the Chief Minister.
When they won, the people or the supporters didn't know anyone else, they danced and rejoiced because the candidate they had elected had won gloriously and reached the goal.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, has promised to meet with the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Federation (HNYF) to discuss the absence of 1000 Jaintia youths who have passed the examination. written test for the post of 6th Battalion Police but have not been called for the Personal Interview.
A total of 24,191 voters cast their ballots in Nongstoin on 21st November, of which 24,002 votes went to the four candidates while 189 votes went to NOTA. It may be recalled that NOTA has been installed on the EVMs in the state since 2014 and it was also announced in that year that the constituencies that win NOTA will have to contest new elections.
Besides, when the village plans to implement development works such as roads, footpaths which have been allocated funds from MNREGS, it is not allowed if the Dorbar Shnong does not pass through it.
The Cabinet also decided to start the BA and B.Com programs by creating 39 posts of teachers and staff at the College of Teacher's Education, Tura.
Nongpoh, Naitung 19: In response to the problems faced by the Khasi people living in Block II border areas with Assam, who have been facing many violent acts by the Assam government, The KSU, Raid Nongtung Circle, in collaboration with the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, on Monday held a special meeting at Mawlasnai, to discuss the issue. The government of Meghalaya has not yet decided.
This happened at around 9.30 pm on Thursday.
Not only the sohjew was burnt but also the picture of Mawkhar Shillong before the earthquake in Khasi Hills.
Nongstoin: The St. Peter Higher Sec. School Pyndengrei, has decided to reopen from today after the report of the family members of the students who attended the school, tested negative for the corona virus. .
If such people are not there to fight for democracy, I can say that after independence we can be under Hindu or Islamic rule and we cannot escape either of them.
Mawlai, on the other hand, struggled hard to score but got only one goal through Arkibor Makhroh before the end of the first half in the 90th minute. +2 minutes.
He said that during the meeting with the President of the FKJGP, the SP promised to punish those policemen involved in the arrest of 11 members of the two parties.
From day to day, the hearing was postponed and finally the case lasted for more than a month in the hands of the Court and the three government officers returned. The deadline for the hearing of the 20 children and the deadline for the hearing of the Madras High Court is 2nd July.
According to information received, although the rally has been postponed, the Ri-Bhoi District authorities have decided to hold such a rally. He said that the Sengbhalang has also handed over to the Rangbah Shnongs to set a date.
Speaking on the occasion of the 75th Anniversary of India and the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that it commemorates the sacrifice of the freedom fighters of the country.
Shillong: The Laitumkhrah Pyllun Dorbar Shnong has decided not to allow shops to open after 10 pm and has requested those who park vehicles along the road not to park at night.
and there we stay like this to renew we don't want others and we rhah.
The Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Bah Yooshida Nongspung, said that in the past, Assam has tried to set up post lights to spread to those areas of Khanduli inhabited by the Karbi people. water sheds, bus sheds and others and since then the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli has stood up to fight against and stop the attempts of Assam until today.
SGH, which had to tied first, managed to score 234 runs for the loss of 1 wicket in all 20 overs and in the bowling, SCA managed to score all the wickets of 60 runs.
“We have always warned the government about any incident and the recent incident has shown that there has been a lack of thought by this government and now it has brought about this incident which we strongly condemn the incident in Ichamati," he said.
It is learned that the Act, which should provide for the housing of the people, has not been passed by the Government of the country, until 3rd June 2020 and therefore the court, has accepted that the housing of the people. For the first nine days, the court said it was illegal and did not apply under Section 5 of the New Zealand Bill of Rights Act.
Custom: In the Khasi Dorbar, it is customary for only the Rangbah and those who have been appointed to sit in the Dorbar.
In a statement, RK Dutta President of the Society and A Marwein General Secretary said that the documents collected by the Society show that the owner of the land , No. 109, in Ward No.22, is owned by Md Ishanuddin Ahmed.
Purno said at the meeting that Mukul Sangma protects the insurgents and gives them shelter.
She was abducted in 2013 and since then police have not found her because the two men have not returned to the village but it was last month that the two men returned to the village. and the police investigated.
According to him, if the foundation stone is laid but the work has not started, the time will come when the villagers and the village leaders will lose confidence.
Not only men but also women can attend the school but the Presbyterian Church does not have a rule to allow women to become pastors.
The problem arises after some households whose share of claims have been exhausted but are still claiming.
KHNAM visited four central government projects including state government projects including Arts and Culture, Tourism and other companies.
There is no restriction on the use of the Word of God in any way but before using the Word of God, think carefully, ask for the good but not to kill or offend anyone. said the Vicar General of the State of Shillong.
Meanwhile, the KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle has met with the management of NEIAH and NIFT and urged them to immediately close down the schools. place of business that day.
When the government introduces any scheme to empower the poor, it needs to ensure that it is necessary to eradicate poverty, he said.
(Awake, arise,or be perished).
“We will start with a three-day sit-in from 10th March, followed by other protests which we will take a decision.
Jowai, Lber 18: Little Angels Secondary School Moosalangkat, Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District today celebrated its 25th Anniversary of Service in the field of education to the students of the district. hi all.
One elder fears that if the Indian government does not immediately curb religious differences, civil war will break out. If so, who will be responsible?
It is obvious that the UDP's desire that the post of Lamphang should go directly to it, as it has been accepted since the beginning of the formation of this government, may be in trouble because of the conflict.
Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Commissioner said that the celebration is part of the Digital India Week which aims to empower the people of the country to They can get various information on government schemes, how the government works and other things that are necessary with the government by visiting government offices but through digital and Internet.
Besides, he said that the speaking of the mother tongue in some parts of the debates in the Legislative Assembly will also send a strong message to recognize these languages ​​spoken by the residents of the Legislative Assembly. State.
He said that the influx of drugs into the district is because this area is a passing road and that is why it causes the children to get involved. He said that the presence of the police helps. He urged the parents, the youth to cooperate, as well as the Waheh Shnongs, he also urged all to be thoughtful to protect the society. the area as well as the land to prevent foreigners.
Be happy than me.
In a statement, the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills, confirmed the positive case of covid-1
He said that villages like Simsang Chijol and Rongdik Chijol have been affected in connection with other villages due to the poor condition of roads and paths. said that this has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the area.
Therefore, the pages of history testify: Dr. Jonas Edward Salk— Everything has a beginning.
Earlier, Bah Adelbert, while introducing the Bill, said that the Amendment Act in 2021, has affected the working of the Lokayukta, which in fact the people look to This is the task force to fight against corruption in the state.
For pride goeth before destruction (Proverbs 16:18).
The government has no problem if it wants to collect the money from the borrowers to pay the salaries of the 39 employees of the Housing Board who have not yet received their salaries. They have received about T.3 crore for the past year.
Members of the Sportstar Aces 2023 include former Indian cricketer Sunil Gavaskar, former captain of the Indian hockey team MM Somaya, chess player Viswanathan Anand, former captain of the Indian Hockey Team. Baichung Bhutia, Olympic gold medalist Abhinav Bindra, Anjali Bhagwat and Aparna Popat.
At the same time, he informed that the state government has recently set up its own Directorate of Forensics under the supervision of the Ministry of Home Affairs with the aim of expediting the activities related to this sector.
" She said again and laughed.
US President Joe Biden on Tuesday said he was not surprised by the death of Wagner General Yevgeny Prigozhin, who was announced to have died of a heart attack. the plane that carried him in Russia.
Kanye's remarks and criticism have caused Adidas to suffer a huge loss, with the company suspending tens of thousands of Yeezy shoes without being able to market them.
They have gone to join the government led by the BJP and NPP how can we as a party leave them alone,” he said.
Meghalaya and India as a whole today celebrated Teachers' Day and the birth anniversary of former President Dr S. Radhakrishnan. Thirteen teachers received the State Teachers' Award at a function held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
There were places in the war zones where they gave land to the sons where he and his sons could eat as much as they wanted during his lifetime and the sons had to return the land. after the death of the father.
“He found out that she was still in love with the man and so, she started shooting and then, when her clothes fell, she took the opportunity to touch his manhood and later but I will flee from that place,” said Babu.
He also expressed his gratitude to the churches in Ri-Khasi who have brought the Gospel among the Adivasis in Assam.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, Working President of Mawlai Constituency Progressive Forum in the presence of the mother and relatives.
Tympang Club will play against Mookyndeng at 10 pm and FAM will play against Mookaswan Dongwah at 12 noon.
“The seeds should be distributed at the right time according to the planting season and more fertilizers, pesticides, etc. should be distributed and fertilizer should be distributed to every Block and Circle,” she said. FKJGP in a letter signed by Bristar Mawthoh, Secretary, Bill Clinton Wankhar, President and Morningstar Pyngrope.
This parable shows that everyone has his own shortcomings and no one is perfect.
However, as of now, there are preparations to build its own building at Mawdiangdiang on an area of ​​3 acres.
The competition was held on Saturday at Aurobindo Hall, Shillong.
Shillong, July 11: A group of Garo political parties including TSCF, NTDF, GGU, ADE, FKJGP, FAF and AYWO at a meeting held on the 6th of this month expressed their deep sorrow over the incident. Garo people living on the Meghalaya-Assam border have been harassed after the signing of the social border agreement between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Assam.
On the Congress' claim that the people of the state will not trust the BJP because of the violence against Christians, Bah Sanbor said, “They are just allegations.
Seven teams will participate in the Baby League, including
Therefore, the Waheh Shnong Kyndongtuber, Shiwa Siangshai, has requested the neighbors and rawon who come from far away to stay temporarily until further notice. .
In fact, events in history encourage us to be servants.
At the end of the programme, the RBI officials extended their special thanks to the participants, the Dorbar Shnong, the employees of Thadlaskeiñ Block, the employees of various banks who made this program a success.
In the second half, Rangdajied FC continued to press Malki's goal and in the 61st minute Kassar scored the second goal from a distance.
“After a thorough investigation, it was learned that Mofidul's assistant Rofikuddin of Laluk Islampur, Lakhimpur, had implemented A group was arrested for smuggling counterfeit currency at a house near Mirza Rail Gate.
This statement has angered the people of West Khasi Hills.
Speaking at a meeting in Mawtawar, Bah Teibor said, “If the people still agree with me to serve Mawlai, I am ready to take over this lyngkor. shuki MDC, I am ready to leave the country for a while.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has released the brother of Naga MLA M Sangma after seven days of abduction.
Last month, the Supreme Court ruled that there was corruption in the purchase of aircraft by the Narendra Modi government.
“I have decided to contest the MDC elections because there is a shortage of council leaders in the state and to protect the dignity and power of the councils,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also a former MLA of West Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Leaders of the Education Cell of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday night at 1:00 pm visited the PGT College, Shillong. The students have stayed overnight on the ground floor of the College to get the form for continuing their Bachelor of Education (B.Ed) studies at the College.
“The entire Nongjngi Elaka strongly opposes this decision and the announcement of the council and on behalf of the elaka we demand that the council should cancel this announcement because this village falls under the elaka since the establishment of Thadmynri. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the Dolloi Elaka, Daw after a meeting with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat on Monday.
“It's enough for me to go to Synod College.
Earlier, three people had tested positive for the virus.
This Puriskam shows that the Truth is not, pleng! Even the devil knows the Khasi blood, he knows that the Khasi people are one group even though there are many places.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 27: The Dorbar Shnong Erpakon, Ri Bhoi District, has decided to refuse to attend the peace talks meeting convened by the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District. The leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi and the owner of RN Sharma Hotel, for the purpose of discussing the recent incident in Erpakon.
In a letter sent to the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, they expressed their concern over the problems faced by the people of the border area due to the damage caused by wild boars to their crops. The damage to crops occurred in Pyndenlaru village and in a farm known as Ba-I-Jngai.
It is learned that after he became angry and shocked at being beaten with a knife, he also stabbed his mother to death and her mother is from Madanlyngkhi Nonglum, Laitlyngkot.
The SBI has also been directed to work with suitable hospitals unlike MHIS where there are hospitals which do not accept MHIS outside the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, said that the UDP has high hopes for winning the rule of law in the state. The UDP leader urged the party office bearers to work hard and strengthen the party. Party, so that the candidates fielded by the Party in different constituencies, can reach the goal of victory.
In another Group B match, Niaw Wasa United beat Youth Club Pdengkarong 2-1
Therefore, once the 3108 policemen have been recruited, they will go to the outposts and we will see a strong police force in the border villages,” he said.
Police are conducting investigation.
Remark Kharmalki scored the second goal for Mawlai in the 50th minute from the box. Mawkhar goalkeeper Banshanskhem Kharsyntiew tried to save but the ball went wide. I went straight into the goal.
“There are talks ongoing but it is not clear because if the security forces are sufficient, he can come to attend the meeting in this city,” said a senior BJP leader. Nongpoh, 05 Jymmang. :As part of the prevention and control measures to prevent the spread of Malaria, the District Medical Health Officer (DH&MO) today distributed the Musari. thousands of residents of Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
The fire broke out at about 3:30 pm at the car manufacturing factory of Bah Branding Marbaniang at Mawlai Nongkwar. , where 13 vehicles were burnt down and all were destroyed.
When you look at the PCN news this evening, “Govt servants violate social distancing”.
As there are some who want to take over the leadership of the party, the campaign and recruitment of the members of the Nomination Committee has now started.
Speaking to the winners of various competitions, Miss Chaivalry Lartang, who won the title of Miss Shillong 2023, said, “At first I was more nervous and shy but after winning this The competition has made me free from those dreams and I dare to encourage my fellow youth not to be ashamed but to come forward to showcase their talents and achieve those dreams in life. their".
The 1st Division will be postponed tomorrow as the final of the 40 Above Veteran Knockout Football Tournament-2022 will be held tomorrow. ) between Rympei Pip and Friends United at 2 pm.
The teachers of the song are Phrang Sngi L Mawphlang and Parvi Rongrin.
He was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong and later shifted to NEIGRIHMS. Police recovered a pistol revolver and unused bullets from the scene.
Houses, even if they are made of wood and skum, provide shelter, shelter and protection from the rain, wind and sun.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal said that these labs have been funded and supported by NETC through CSR. have an interest in Astronomy and Science.
The Council needs to seek permission from the Governor only if it wants or needs to pass laws on subjects not mentioned in the Sixth Scheduled. in the Sixth Scheduled, he said.
Regarding this incident, the Tymsen Kur, the owners of Kynroh arliang, today came to express their gratitude and forced confiscation of their land for the construction of the National Highway, in Basan. SL Lyngdoh, Tun Blah and Wanshai Blah were the leaders of the Raid Mawlieh.
The five government employees who have been complained against are Monlister Pdang, SDO (PWD), Phrawa O Lamurong SA (PWD), James Slywell Dkhar, Junior Engineer, Sawan Nongtdu LD (PWD) and Fullman Supooh, DC office Khliehriat.
The meeting was held to find a solution for the 30 years old Motsyiar village to get a road connecting to Umjaiur village for easy travel. comes the citizens.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan at his residence at Raj Bhavan.
Bah Tariang left the UDP for personal reasons.
JOWAI: The Dorbar Shnong of Sonapyrdi, East Jaintia Hills District on 6th June 2019 has decided not to allow the dumping of drugs and dynamite in the streams of the village. Wah Lukha within the boundary of the village and no slaughter of dohum fish is allowed in Wah Lukha.
If you carry flags in vehicles, you should not cause any inconvenience in accordance with the laws or regulations of the Motor Vehicles Act.
The government can tip.
The curfew will come into force from 6 pm today, according to an order issued by Bah CVD Diengdoh, Secretary Home Department, Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong: The efforts to bring about development works are the responsibility of every leader and recently the MLA of Mairang constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh visited the scheme to bring about a scheme. It is a benefit to many especially to the youth who are looking for jobs.
Shillong, March 20 : U Minister of State for Food and Civil Supply, Bah Comingone Ymbon on Tuesday said that he welcomes the construction of the railway line in East Jaintia Hills as he has seen for himself how much it has brought. advantage.
The DC said that the schedule of ration vendors has created problems for the poor who have been forced to come back and forth on the scheduled day of distribution.
Shillong: The JSU Shillong Circle wants to clarify through the media, to the government to disclose the names of those who have tested positive for COVID-19, but does not want to disclose the names of the patients. The names of the patients should be submitted to their Dorbar Shnongs, not to be made public because if the names are made public, there will be misunderstanding and discrimination against the patients who have contracted COVID-1 19.
Therefore, the Government is pleased to have the cooperation with such Societies, because through them we will be able to develop the Slasha cultivation. At the same time, he urged the Slasha farmers. “It is necessary for them to work together to develop the Slasha cultivation not only in this area, but in the state as a whole,” he added.
But why does she listen so quickly and why does she procrastinate?.
PHCs also need 118 and only
It depends on the choice and principle.
They said that the claim of the Mawhati MDC that the Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning C&RD Block have withdrawn their opposition to the Meghalaya Agrovet Poultry Farm is groundless and blind.
However, the Assam police have now brought the area within the border.
The occupants of the vehicle have been arrested by the police and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Why don't you dare to stand up like this cab? Where are the MLAs and MDCs of our patriotic parties? jaidbynriew?I request all the people to take responsibility for the sake of the people tomorrow on the 13th at 12 noon we will support COMSO to oppose CAB even though we are not political parties but we will support together teacher.
Raitsamthiah SC scored 2 goals, CL Marshillong 52 goals and Marshaing 77 goals while Wahingdoh SC scored 21 goals.
The names of the 226 people who want to resign will be sent to the UDAI and later to the Supreme Court.
Secondly, don't accept friend requests or chatting on facebook if you don't know them because through your friendship you can chat with fb users whom you don't know and if you meet users who have bad intentions they will deceive you. Your mind cannot control you.
Because we see now that our lack of knowledge about the Constitution of the country and what is in it, appears as a sign that we deny the truth.
Interestingly, tourists from other parts of the country and the world these days, want to see the cultures of the nation, said the Director.
At the same time, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Shnong Unit and its original office bearers were appointed and confirmed; President, Seibormi Dkhar; Vice President, Kalat Dkhar and Jointly Dkhar; General Secretary, Romi Dkhar; Asstt.
“We are working with the MDA government and we have no doubt that Dr Jemino Mawthoh as the joint candidate will win.
Those diseases that come from other countries are diseases that spread once every 100 years, every year ending in
According to Agarwal, one of the witnesses from Jaipur, said he had met the family members a few minutes before the incident.
Bhuvnesh Kumar scored 93 runs for Chutwakhu off 52 balls while Teilang War for Umshangiar took three wickets in four overs.
The Meghalaya Government has requested 75 Digital Satellite Phone Terminals (DSPT) in preparation for any natural disaster. BSNL has already allocated 44 units and the remaining 31 units will be completed soon, she said.
In the first leg, Khliehmyntdu Neiñchnong beat Ksehsylle Ialong 1-0 with a goal scored by Lephiwanmi Kyndait in the 56th minute.
The polling for the 60 MLAs of the 12th Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya is about to resume.
“First of all, we need to lift the ban on coal mining, create SOPs, there are some There are many requirements set by the Government of India which we have to fulfill, we have to obtain prospecting licenses, we have to submit geological surveys and reports – there are many requirements that we have to fulfill”.
Thus, after Satan's temporary rule over this world, he will be arrested and imprisoned.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) has invited Bangladeshis living in India to apply for vacancies in the Forest Department. The KSU has sought clarification from the MPSC.
They said that they are not criminals and their business on the streets is not illegal, but they are still trying to earn their living.
They campaign for elections that the nation comes first rather than wealth.
In the quarter final, Rodphod Secondary School beat Rangthong Higher Secondary School 4-3 goals by tie breaker.
He said the Congress party will do its utmost to introduce other laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the state.
Only because of wealth you have shed even the blood of your mother, woe to you and your future, O Government.
Bah Sniawbha said that if the state wants to develop the tourism industry, it should be able to attract tourists.
Shillong, June 17: The Additional Solicitor General of the Government of India, Sanjay Jain, on Tuesday said that it is necessary to have a law to protect people who seek public information from being harassed. persecute in any part.
“Our committee will prepare its report, which will be the verification of the documents on the state's ownership of the land under the District Council,” said the CEM. He said that the boundary within the District Council is on the boundary of the Hima, of the Khasi States, because Meghalaya is still behind, but the District Council has Therefore, the District Council shall stand on the basis that the demarcation of the boundary between Assam and Meghalaya should be in accordance with the documents available to it.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government through letter No.Health.21/ 2020/ Pt.
On behalf of the Seinraij and the Children's Home, they congratulated the Sur U Paidbah East Jaintia Hills and wished the leaders to continue to serve and look after the welfare of the district as a whole.
The match on the 20th will be between Caroline Colony and Pynthorlangtein at 3 pm.
For the first time, the Mizoram Government has requested the Central Government to provide T.5 crore for the Manipur refugees in Mizoram.
The SP of the city, Bah Vivek Syiem, said that such robbers also use the names of Central Law Enforcement Agencies like Customs, CBI, NCB and others.
“I hope we can pay the salary as soon as possible,” said the managing director.
Shillong Lajong beat Sawmer Sports Club 5-1 in the first leg of the tournament at the JN Stadium on Saturday.
Shillong: Meghalaya Police have recovered 24 IEDs, 1200 detonators and 305 kilograms of gelatin sticks from a vehicle this morning.
She has 12 children, 45 grandchildren and 3 great-grandchildren.
I leave that question to the people, because it is the people who appoint them to speak for the people.
However, the true will of the people can be seen clearly through the VOTE BOOKS. Therefore, elections are held from time to time, so that the people from time to time have the opportunity to express themselves. to the Mon.
However, Lamphrang said that HANM has not allowed and has alleged that the debt of the man has been staying for 8 years because Reliance itself has not taken action even though he has gone to look for it. cannon he cannon.
He said that it is now up to the state government to provide the request for funds.
The Meghalaya government has been receiving this T.50 for more than four years but the aganwadi workers have not received even a penny of this T.
One of the Afghan journalists, Bilal Sarwary, said that in one place, there were three bodies, in another three bodies, of which these were killed, from the blast. shah shot in the field.
Furthermore, Samla Shanbor Khongjah expressed his interest in creating different costumes according to the villages, regions and traditions of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
The Supreme Court of the United States on Tuesday agreed to hear a case on the ban and monitoring of the use of abortion pills.
There are seven candidates for the election including Samlin Malngiang of the NPP, Synshar Lyngdoh of the UDP, S Osborne Kharjana of the Congress, Sandondor Ryntathiang of the HSPDP and Stodingstar Thabah. On the same day, from 4:00 pm, it was the turn of the officers to go to each Polling Station to prepare all the polling stations. The polling will be held on the 10th of June to elect the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and the counting of votes will be held on the 13th of June,
"I have promised them that we will take all necessary measures to ensure the safety of the Sikh community," James said.
Speeches were also delivered by leaders from other parties including Bah L Sun, Bah CB Ryntathiang, Bah Phrang Kharpan, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, State President of the NPYF, Kong B Warjri, and Kong B Warjri. Sherbor Mawlong MDC and others.
There was a love kiss and a handshake and both of them talked to their parents.
This bird has a blue color on the neck and beak, a blue color on the head, a white color on the belly and a long and narrow head.
The National Green Tribunal has accepted these documents and said that these are the necessary documents.
Dr Graham Staines' wife later came to India to ask the court to forgive the murderer of her husband and two sons.
There are also many types of forests, there are private forests, village forests, priestly forests, chiefly forests, raid forests, hima forests, sacred forests, state government forests, district council forests, kur forests and so on.
The broken bones represent the Jewish nation of Israel, which once perished by being scattered throughout the earth and by slavery in foreign lands and by the slaughter of the enemy in World War II. kti to Adolf Hitler.
He said that there are many diseases which the government has included in the list to provide assistance to the sick people in the health centers in the state which have contracted with the government and health centers abroad.
Wahkaji S&CC beat Pyndenlyngdoh SC 3-0 in the first leg of the 2nd Division Mawkyrwat District Sports Association. (MDSA) at MDSA Artificial turf Mawkyrwat.
Babu Sylvester Syiemlieh, Headmistress Mawrang U.P.School (Upper Primary Level) and Babu, Celina Shangpliang Head Teacher RCLP. School (Lower Primary Level), received the District Award
This will strengthen the direct integration with the neighboring countries of the North East and strengthen the Act East Policy,” he said.
As far as we can learn from the news, even the Government leaders including the Chief Minister have discussed, thought and encouraged to hand over to the Company (RECPDCL) to run the works of this department. to oversee the supply of electricity to the villages, to collect electricity taxes, to run the department For our part, we are monitoring and we have been expressing in the newspapers on this issue, because the people have also very concerned about this.
The speaker of the dorbar did not vote at all.
The chemicals we throw in the fields and rivers affect not only the plants but also the people, animals, and birds that use the plants and drink the water.
However, in the second half, Pynthorlangtein scored the first goal of the match through Belson Lipon (78).
The West Khasi Students Union (WKSU) on Tuesday sent a petition to the Mission Director of NHM to immediately open the two health centers for the people who have been affected. delay until now even after the health department has completed its preparations.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The protest for the recognition of the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution of the country has been suspended till today due to the absence of the Member of Parliament (MP) who leads the people.
Recently, UDP Vice President Allantry Franklin Dkhar admitted that the issuance of three Provisional Licenses to set up casinos in the state has not been brought to the Cabinet.
On the closing day of the workshop, M. Lakiang, District Mission Coordinator, SSA West Jaintia Hills was the chief guest. Jessica Biam, Asst.Secretary SKWS-Mihmyntdu, Sister Sheela Thomas, Headmistress Don Bosco Secondary School, Mookymphad and also words of thanks from Sister Puspita Beck, Headmistress RCLPS School, Mihmyntdu.
They are: (1) What is the 1,000 years? (2) What will happen before the 1,000 years begin? And (3) What will happen at the end of the 1,000 years?
The suspect confessed that he had taken the gold from a woman at a shop in Iewduh, Shillong.
Bah Paul said that today's meeting was also held as a follow-up to the earlier meetings held with all the groups.
He also expressed his gratitude to the state government for allowing him to take part in the meeting.
The Seng under the leadership of Samla Hamar Wanshong, member of the Legal Cell KSU Seng Kmie, also informed the Minister that besides the shortage of electricity, the people are also facing poor electricity.
The Hynniewtrep people should not fight against Meghalaya.
Following this announcement by the Prime Minister, the political parties in the State have expressed their strong opposition, and said that the Government should first provide security measures like ILP and others, after that I'm talking about the railway.
“They just count the bills from the office without coming to check the meters,” he said.
In the 2023 MLA elections, KHNAM has not nominated a candidate and this time it has decided not to nominate a candidate for the Lok Sabha MP elections.
We know for sure that we will overcome by the power of the Spirit – Positive thinking so that we can reap the holy fruit of life.
A few days ago, the Supreme Court had refused to hear immediately a petition filed by two villagers in the state.
Shillong, Nailar 24 : The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Monday morning launched an inspection to find out the truth of the rumors spread on social media. Two shopkeepers Deepak and Jyoti have used two public toilets near Mahavir Park on Mawbah Road as a storage area.
The reasons why this organization has declined are many.
“Since 2019, I have mentioned and shown this looting, but they have immediately denied it,” said the AITC leader. The collapse of the middle part of the round building of the Legislative Assembly, Sangma said, has caused damage that should be punished.
Babu Kular also announced that the teachers will sit down to discuss how to deal with the students.
Thus he said, “My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me” (Mt 27:46) (d) The two robbers were crucified with Jesus.
He said that from this top, the water will be distributed to the people not only for cleaning but also for eating and drinking.
The meeting was conducted by Ms. S.Suna, while the Headmaster of the school welcomed all those who attended the program and especially the parents of the students.
Informing about the incident, Bah R Rymbai, Publicity Officer of the party, said that this river is the lifeblood of many villages in the area. it is a threat and it would be appropriate to deal strictly with such people.
“The government's claim that the cess has been collected for teachers, the Congress will soon take up this issue in the House, which will determine how much cess has been collected. and how much has been spent on teachers, in which the government will have to bear all the expenses,” he added.
“If God allows us to come to power, we will cleanse the corrupt without fear,” he said.
In the morning, the Indian government said that in the fighting last night, the Commanding Officer of the army and two other soldiers, were killed.
Furthermore, there will be no understanding, because there are differences in language and even in customs and traditions, so it is difficult to understand each other.
When asked by reporters, Ardent has been asked whether the short-term holding of power, as he used to say, he has many things to do, is related to the wind. When Kejriwal was the Chief Minister of Delhi for only 49 days, Ardent said, “Ka Lynti Ardent and Kejriwal are different, it is Ardent who started his career earlier than Kejriwal,” he said. that Kejriwal".
On the 12th of June this year, the woman sent a letter to the DM&HO to remind him of this, and a copy was also sent to Bah Kimfa S Marbañiang MLA. and Bah Bajop Pyngrope MDC Rambrai Jyrngam to look into the matter and take the necessary action.
God cleanses the whole world by His Word through the Jewish Nation which is one of the most prominent nations.
On the 5th October 2024 at 1:30 pm there will be a public entertainment programme, by Bah Gilbert Thongni, followed by a friendly football game from other fields and a Pohdun competition. , a game played by the people of Nongstoiñ.
All of them have been in vain because no one has passed this examination among the indigenous people in the past 10 years.
The BM of MRB said that the statement made by him is false and unfounded and very wrong before the man of God. The employees of the bank have never spoken against anyone.
“Perhaps this person wants to test the waters of the voice of the youth and members of the Jaitbynriew and then tries to say what she has already written.
So even while they are talking about the subject, they don't finish.
The location for the construction of the Sub-Fire Station at Amlarem West Jaintia Hills District is as follows: PWD Muktapur Road, East: Queen Talang & Het Surong site, North: Hoimon Rynjah site, West: Site of Nilbi Naked.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the JAC, Bah K.Kharmutee, said that the number of these factories has increased with the passing of the days. He said that if their bill affects the people of many churches, they will have to do something.
Timothy is the only one who has contested elections since 1978, and is still re-elected as a member of the 1st Legislative Assembly of the State.
“We are encouraged by this woman who is in her old age and she has shown a spirit of struggle which cannot be bought with the wealth of the world and she is like a mother who fights for the world. for the survival of children and inheritance without regard to personal gain or personal benefit"
In the sixth category, two students scored 559 marks each, including Felisha Kurkalang from St. Dominic Savio's Higher Secondary School, Shillong and Sanskrita Karmakar from Sherwood Tura.
Noor Warjri alleged that the DHS has admitted no knowledge of the spending of T.800 crore in the fight against Covid-19 and tried to clean up in front of its voters. constituency.
The Seng urges the residents of the state not to sell their shops to foreigners, but if they cannot live there, they should sell them to their children, relatives or friends. blood is yours.
It is learned that the youth fell from a 120 feet high valley, but the water level and the strength of the youth prevented him from drowning.
Shillong, June 21: Kong Christabel Wanniang has been arrested on charges of involvement in the robbery of four houses in Wahswad village. The incident happened last month and the robbery of these people happened on the 15th.
Special CBI Judge JPS Malik found Masood guilty of violating Sections 120-B, 420 and 468 (forged documents) of the IPC.
And they taught and taught their children, whether they were parents or grandparents, to hold, to preserve from generation to generation in what was right. and this part.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Shillong North Constituency, Bah Ransom Sutnga, on Tuesday said that the spirit of service does not allow him to wait until the retirement period which is about six years away.
The volunteers of the NSS Unit have been staying in the village from 2nd to 8th March
In Sohra, the curfew has been imposed from 6 pm to 8 pm and will be lifted from 6 pm to 6 pm tomorrow. In Shella, the curfew has been imposed from 2 pm today. until 10am tomorrow and will be extended from 10am tomorrow until 2pm on 6th October
The villagers live in their own agriculture, farming and farming, there is no government intervention at all.
There are several ingredients that you can use to cleanse the skin including sweet potatoes, strawberries, soybeans, doi and others.
However, this Show Cause Notice shows two things.
In this regard, the Deputy Director has directed the SDSEOs to send their proposals and to send only the names of those who have completed the MTET and it will be exactly for the vacant posts. .
Pynshngain said the FTD will include the CEM as chairman, five members from KHADC, five members from Hima Dorbars, five members from Raid Dorbars, 10 members from Dorbar Shnongs and a planning officer. KHADC as Member Secretary.
For more information please call 9366071684/9856925283/7
On the other hand, the GNC leader demanded that the Prime Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma should implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP). The High Level Committee (HLC) headed by former Prime Minister Bindo Mathew Lanong has also decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue.
Sangma said this in response to a call of attention by Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem.
In the Congress government, too, there is a lot of corruption, that's why you have to go back to the NPP.
Pariat also strongly condemned the allegation by Ernest Mawrie that Ernest Mawrie has appointed his wife as the General Secretary of the Mahila Morcha.
The laws passed by the British Parliament apply to the Khasi and Jaintia Hills Districts, while the Khasi States have their own social systems which each Hima has agreed with the Foreign Government.
Mairang, Lber 15: The Assistant Secretary of the HSPDP Mawthadraishan Constituency, Bah Kotbor Warjri, on Tuesday said that the support of MLA Shakliar Warjri to the NPP to form the Government is for the purpose of forming the Government. to bring about various development projects in the Constituency and to be able to contribute to the many needs of the people.
The Jews and Israel will begin again.
RV Lyngdoh also suggested to write to the Government that the Central Government should provide financial assistance to the Council as it helps the States which have Panchayat Raj and this can help a lot in the Council. approval of the Council.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday demanded the intervention of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Home (Police) Department, Bah Prestone Tynsong on the allegation of misuse of police force. Laban Police Station and the State Police Department to arrest the indigenous people without any grounds.
Customize:In the Khasi custom today, we see and we find that there are many youngest children who follow the husband whether he is Khasi or Dkhar and does not care about the old age of the father or mother. 24.
In the Mixed Double Under-19 category, Ardor Marbaniang and WKH came first while Benhanan Kharwanlang and YTBC came second.
Parts of Bangladesh can also be seen during the Synrai season if the sky is clear.
“You speak the right thing, Mei ieid,” agreed the neighbour.
On the same day, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, as the Chief Guest, also donated jerseys, balls and money as a sign of support for the Youth Development Area. and Social Welfare Organization (TBKY&SWO) to conduct this tournament.
In West Garo Hills, there are 34 cases, in West Jaintia Hills 21 cases, in Chilliangraij Cluster 5 cases, 3 Health Workers, Ladthadlaboh Cluster 2 and others.
And it came to pass, when they had made an end of rejoicing, that the children of thousands rejoiced all that day; on the November before the slaughter of the goats, the Sad Empress prepared the religious objects as follows; 11 white plates and one silver plate; 11 white plates and one plate of silver; 12 rounds; 12 leaves of wood; 12 leaves of thyme; 12 pieces of 5 words or 60 words; to prew, to rhyme; you are the source of life; 12 pieces of water.
However, the Government of Meghalaya has suspended the subsidy for these in
Orissa, March 13: Tens of thousands of houses have been destroyed in India after Cyclone Phailin struck many parts of the country, destroying 90 lakh houses and damaging property. The loss of lives in the two states, Andhra Pradesh and Odisha, has been affected by the cyclone. .
The Court said that in the status report submitted by the State Government today, some figures have been submitted showing the list of essential service providers released from the load shedding, but did not reveal the current demand and lack of electricity supply or whether the government has explained the measures taken to strengthen the supply of electricity.
One of the reasons is that we should not only demand or create a new district, but even the headquarters should be in Sohra, because as it is now, Sohra is already in the middle of many problems. The infrastructure is not available and the rest will be repaired.
Therefore, in view of the special talent of Bah Philling Rynjah, who has contributed in serving other people who have suffered from desperate diseases, it is up to the government to turn its attention to This is a Khasi physician, who has treated people only with medicines that he has made and plants that he has grown.
"The result is that there has been a 50 percent reduction in the number of outdoor visits," De Vries told CNN. These places, which have these niut, don't need much water and they also provide a place for insects to live or for fish to search for food and then the water turns into water. fertilizer and water for these plants in the outdoor area.
There are many ideas and rumors spread through this picture and one is that the Corona virus has escaped from China and two that the world is about to end.
He said that there was no misleading of the people because before the signing of the signature to the people to condemn the violence of the Syiem and the immediate removal of the two authorities within the Hima which is the law under the law. A public meeting and public rally was held at two venues on the 16th and 17th July, 2023, at Kensohsan and Phlangdiloiñ Langrin Syiemship. The people to witness and take a decision to demand the resignation of Syiem Nangtei Syiemiong and to immediately remove the Management Board from the Hima.
This road takes about 45 minutes by car.
When we get our own Hynniewtrep State, we must also remember the proper boundaries as laid and marked by Ni u Kong and our ancestors since ancient times.
Besides, they also gave examples that Mawlali, Thynroit, Mawber and Mawpyrshong areas are very strong in cultivating and producing cucumber, rice, sohsaw and other crops.
Speaking at the meeting , Prestone said that the state government has a goal to promote the biscuit industry in the state to assist the community to become more productive in the production of biscuits including farmers, market managers, buyers, and consumers.
“This day is a symbol of victory in the training that comes after failure,” said Minister Duh and wished the scientists all the best in their future endeavours. .
On the other hand, the RBYWO leaders expressed their full support to the demand of the shopkeepers that they should have the right to set up food shops as it used to be in the past decades. The tender has been awarded to a foreigner from Shillong, otherwise the union will take strong action.
Tura: The price of sohmynken and other vegetables in the Tura market has shocked many farmers.
He said that the purpose of these is to protect the lives of the elderly as well as their property.
Shillong, Naitung 28: Congress MLAs in the state have protested again to remove Dr Mukul Sangma as the leader of the Congress Legislative Party and to remove him from the post of Chief Minister.
The meeting also decided to adopt the Constitution of the Wrestling Federation of India.
“Therefore, we request the Government to ensure the construction of the fences and the office building for the Civil Sub Division as soon as possible,” he said.
The meeting was held under the auspices of the District Development Coordinating and Monitoring Committee (DISHA) and was attended by Chief Officers of various departments including the Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills.
Referring to the match which was played on Saturday at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng, the match between Mawlarshong and Tiehsaw was very interesting but until the end of the match, no one was scored. and they that were able to shake it.
“May this Behdieñkhlam be a smooth one and drive away all kinds of diseases and diseases of all kinds that have come to strike mankind on this earth.
Besides the invasions from J&K, there are also the invasions from Pakistan.
Jowai, March 24 : The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) through its Hon. General Secretary Lammat-oo Laloo has invited all teams to take part in the Open To All Knock Out Football Tournament. -2022' tournament will be held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, North East Jowai.
“A pastor and a Tymmen Basan have been taken to Bihar police station, and this happened because we are Christians, what country are we in now if you are not from Bihar? The church that is divided is no longer able to walk or stand and proclaim its faith.
It is to be recalled that this monument was erected by the AJYWO Central Body in collaboration with the District Administration, East Jaintia Hills District, in men of Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to Mawphor, the Waheh Shnong of Muallian, Lalramzauva Darnei and the Secretary Shnong, Eleazera Darnei, expressed their concern over the problems faced by the residents in their daily lives. Regarding the electricity supply, they said that the village has not received electricity since 2019, since the machine transformer in the village broke down. Install a transformer inside the village.
Don't stop until the government issues ILP (Inner Line Permit) then we will erect a monument to you so that even if you are no longer on earth “the name and fame and honor of the Hynniewtrep people will remain. I have inherited from you.
Continuation While they were drinking, the Queen expressed her feelings about her life.
The HYC urged the health department to take action for the CHC, Sohra and at the same time the HYC demands that the leaders of Sohra area should feel They have urged the people to do something for the safety and security of the people and not just to mislead during the elections.
The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has announced its intention to rebuild four stadiums. .
The information requested by the President of CSWO has been provided.
“Before the peace talks, the HNLC has made it clear to the government that all the cases against the party from previous years should not interfere with the peace talks. we will be able to gain the confidence to start peace talks.
Furthermore, it was found that not only many schools have not been appointed by the government but even the Principals and Vice Principals have been vacant for many months and years.
The match between Umlyngka SC and Lapalang SC came to an end in which Umlyngka won the match by two goals.
Even the BJP has the same hope.
Sources said that in Dawki, only the Lineman in charge of the electricity supply in the area has been absent for two months.
In Sohiong constituency, there were several places like Umsaw where Singh was shot, there were also places where hands and bombs were shot, in Lawmei, Jabar where hands were shot. Singh and his hands were loud, but when we take the overall count in this constituency, it is clear from the voice of the people that the hands of the Congress party will win while the second and third will be. the battle between the Lion and the Bom.
This Act means to kill one's own children by bringing in foreigners,” said Bah Lambor.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that the NEP is something that the state has to implement and therefore, everyone knows the fact that the NEP is good for the students.
The service began on the 17th of October and ended on Sunday on the theme of the Synod, “Plow your land,” Hosea 10:1
So, without fear of corona virus, I went back to NEIGRIHMS for check up and all the tests.
“There is no problem for these Pnar villages of Block-1 to return to Meghalaya after the demarcation of the border between the two states,” he said.
Shillong: The turnout in Williamnagar constituency today reached 78.82 percent and is expected to increase after collecting information from all the polling stations.
Regarding the search of the residents and village leaders in Umsaw Lum Dorbar Block II, Prestone said it is the duty of the law to take the necessary action but they should not do so. too much for your people.
The no-confidence motion received the support of 17 Members of the 30-MDC Assembly, which is enough to dissolve the Executive Committee.
He said it is clear that the Congress is a ship that has started to sink especially in the State and across the country, whose collapse cannot be helped by anyone.
“However, we see that the protest has not come to fruition but it was not until the present MDA government came in 2018 at the end of the year that the building byelaws of MUDA in 2015 were repealed and issued. “The KHADC will be one of the authorities to implement it,” he added.
How can they teach when they don't know how to teach?
On the other hand, it can be said that the Vice President of NEHUSU Samla Easterson Sohtun who was seriously injured in a clash with the leaders of NEHUSU at the celebration of After a briefing by Easterson Sohtun to the media, the Students Organization of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (AVBP) on the same day came to celebrate the Holi festival at NEHU. Speaking to reporters, the State Secretary of AVBP, Tengku M Marak, said that the incident occurred at NEHU. He alleged that his plan did not come in a good way but had an evil intention to disrupt the Holi festival.
Shillong, November 9: The Rangbah Shnong of Rynjah, Bah CK Pasi, on Tuesday said that many of the MLAs and leaders of the area don't want to say anything on the RR Colony because they are afraid of the vote in the upcoming elections. about 3 thousand votes.
That's the Pyndengrei road...” They both said, “Yes, I want to go to NanBah.
Before the start of the tournament, a short meeting was held by Bah Bankyrshan Lartang, Secretary of the Volleyball Tournament. Elevenson Wanniang, President of the South West Khasi Hills District Level Invitational Volleyball Tournament and other dignitaries and players who were able to take part in the opening day of the tournament.
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA of the Congress, one of those who brought the amendment mission on the speech of the Governor, said that the Governor has not said anything on the illegal entry of mynder, the peace of the people in border, improvement of education in colleges, upgrading of health centres, non-functioning of MeECL, delay in Medical College, non-functioning of JJM scheme, discrimination against ASHAs and staff Anganwadi Centers and the clean performance of the government.
For this, the Parish Council would like to thank Fr.
In this regard, the journalists also had the opportunity to talk face to face with Bah K.Swer Inspector Incharge of DMR in Riangdo. When they received the challans from these 13 trucks, they had a strong suspicion that the challans may have been forged.
From time to time, traffic jams have started which we have not experienced in the past years especially when there are road related works such as the construction of culverts and other parts.
These villages have taken the lead in converting nier waste into fertilizer.
In the current Legislative Assembly, out of the 60 MLAs elected by the people, 46 are in the ruling party or MDA Government – ​​NPP (28), UDP (12) BJP ( 2) HSPDP (2) IND (2).
Besides, eight projects have already been completed in Mancherial, Ramagundam, Jagtial, Wanaparthy, Nagarkurnool, Mahbubabad, Kothagudem and Sangreddy and these will be operational next year, he said. amount.
Tennis will be played at Shillong Club and basketball at JN Stadium.
Now people come from all over to sit and enjoy the fresh air and to relax their minds and relax themselves.
He said that the department currently has 17 veterinary mobile units which have been tried to be implemented in the state.
“To Papa,” replied Wanbok. As soon as he had finished drinking, Wanbok took the meat from the big bowl and cut it into pieces.
The union expressed its concern over the threat of the BSF troops by saying that since 1963 until now there has never been any clash between the people of this area and the Air Force troops.
“I wish you to play well and don't be afraid of victory and defeat is part of the game but I have no doubt that if you play well you will reap the fruits of victory,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
