On the other hand, the JNC said that instead of the railway line, why doesn't the government think of introducing these things for the benefit of the youth and why doesn't the government provide a Government College in East Jaintia Hills? District and why the Residential School, Teacher's Training Center in East Jaintia Hills District is still in operation.
“The government should take action to send doctors to the hospital as soon as possible so that the people can get the necessary assistance when they are sick especially during the rainy season. "It's a good idea," said Bandary.
In the last match, Mawlai scored two goals through I. Dohling in the 25th and 56th minutes while I. Dohling scored the second goal from the kick start. Syiemlieh scored the third goal for Mawlai after 11 minutes.
Pynchemlangki Bareh is accused of raping a child on
Dr Bajubon R Kharlukhi studied at St Anthony's College Shillong and completed his studies from Gauhati University where he received his Ph.D.
The Contractors Association has urged the government not to invite tenders from foreign companies to implement such projects.
The MLA of Karimganj constituency said that the Bengalis have lived together as brothers and sisters with the Khasi, Garo and Jaintia people since ancient times and on this occasion the people of the state and other ethnic groups who have lived in the state should work together to promote brotherhood.
On this occasion, Father Norbert offered the Holy Mass in the presence of other Priests including the Parish Priest of Nongshyrngan, Rev Father Robert Khyriem, Rev. Father Bajenstar Khongjee, Rev. Father Bensar Kharsati with the participation of the paid devotees.
“On the part of the district authorities, under the leadership of the Deputy Commissioner, we have turned to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. “They have provided necessary equipment especially for pregnant women who need to go for check up and during childbirth,” said Bah Jonathan.
The strength of Jesus, although it appeared weak before the tyrant rulers who tortured and crucified Him, the foundation on which He stood was the source and solid foundation of that strength on which He stood. for justice, truth, freedom and abundant life.
He is also the brother of Balkarin Ch Marak, who is the Co Chairman of the Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC).
We have seen what happened in Langpih, Madan Umwang, near Block-I and Lapangap and we explain to them that we must be ready to stand for the country and the nation,” he said. he said.
On the other hand, the village authorities of Mawbah village have requested the government to take action on this issue and to expedite the testing especially for the high risk contacts and primary contacts.
He said that although it has not yet been completely successful, it is expected that from now on the people will continue to cooperate to make it completely successful where there is no need for plastic in the market and other markets in Khasi Hills.
On the occasion, besides promising to join hands according to the authority of the party to contribute for the completion of the District Office, Bah Roykupar also spoke on three issues. There are three parts that should not enter the society so that our nation can continue to grow if we can avoid these three enemies in our lives in the society.
Shillong, March 6: After the UDP Pynursla Circle constituency approved the name of Bah Nehru as the UDP candidate from Pynursla Circle, journalists met with former MLA of Nongshken constituency Bah KK Dkhar. Khan) to inquire about his feelings, as he too was one of the applicants for the ticket and was rejected.
Dorothy Roy Tariang is the daughter of Dr. Iwbih Nylla Tariang, Senior Veterinary Officer and her father is Dr. Anirban Roy, a journalist.
“On the other hand, the CM said that the situation in Meghalaya is different in terms of land tenure.
In Garo Hills, Unickon has priced T.28830/- as the price of T.16800/- while the price of T.28830/- has increased. 70.59% of the government.
“How can I live on T.500 a month?
KSU West Jaintia Hill District Secretary Samla Lenning Grad Tariang said that this is the case with the Assam Police. The Khasi have to pay taxes directly to the Assam police.
The CBI welcomed the decision of Emma Arbuthnot, Chief Magistrate of the court.
Shortly after, Assam police arrived at the scene at 5 pm and found the residents carrying sharp and injurious weapons. They turned near the Assam police, so the police opened fire, in order to stop the incident.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today left for Garo Hills to visit the districts affected by the heavy rainfall on Tuesday.
He said that many jobs have been created by foreigners due to the lack of willingness of the youth to take up jobs in the state.
The Seng also said that the employees who have been working in this office for about four or five months have not received their salaries.
The Lama of the Kur was appointed by the President.
The Chief Minister on this occasion announced the launch of the #RestartMeghalaya Mission, which will assist farmers and entrepreneurs and said that the cost of this mission has been allocated to Rs 14,515 crore. and Rs 7,839 crore has been allocated for this year.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 05: The Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) today submitted a petition to the Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong on four issues. the demands of the nation and the development of the community.
If the PDF loses its dam, the people will be freed from one political party and it will be good.
He said that there is no road from 4 Mer (Soomer) to Tuber.
There are also many issues that affect the Jaitbynriew and the life of the people as a whole which we must fight and fight.
Perhaps we will have to do it soon and I don't think it will be done right away but I promise the people of the state that we too are very concerned about this and we will do our best in the border settlement in the second turn.
These disasters such as floods and earthquakes have increased in the past 40 years and during these times, many people need help.
It is to be recalled that the 14-year-old girl was smuggled for prostitution at Marvelene's Inn in Shillong. Even Bah Julius K. Dorphang, MLA Mawhati Constituency, has been involved in the rape of the 14-year-old girl.
Jonah went and preached this message.
This will be the first time that SURE has conducted a program in East Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the District Planning Officer, East Khasi Hills District which has sponsored this training.
According to one of the Hollywood media reports, Liam was offered to play the role of James Bond but the actor did not agree to sign it just because of his wife.
Farmers from Kynrud area, which is one of the most remote areas, have complained about the price drop, saying that even the wages have not been paid. more.
The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has approved Banerjee's request for an appointment to meet Modi, the official said.
The meeting was conducted by Bah AJ Nongbet, Vice President of the club.
While the freedom fighters fought and shed their blood, blood flowed to escape slavery.
How and when the French first came into contact with our ancestors is not clear, but as far as we know from the Report on the Eastern Part of India written by Capt.
Last month, the CEO of the state, FR Kharkongor, had sent a letter of complaint to the DC East Khasi Hills to take the necessary action as the Model Code of Conduct has not yet come into force.
At 3 pm on Friday, robbers damaged an ATM booth at Pohkseh, Shillong with the intention of stealing money.
On 16th November, 1991, Kaïa Muruh, brother of Sada Muruh, lodged a complaint with the Ummulong Beat House Police Station. Lowit Muruh, She Muruh, Tne Muruh and Kamai Muruh are from Lumkhudung.
The reason for this is because God sees that many people in the world are not afraid or think about Him, people feel that this world belongs to them.
Of these, 47 cases are from East Khasi Hills District including 45 civilians and 2 cases from Armed Forces, 3 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases from Ri Bhoi District, 1 case from West Khasi Hills and 3 cases from North Garo Hills. , 23 cases from West Garo Hills and 32 cases from East Garo Hills.
He said that the teachers also do not agree if the government does so because they cannot say that the school management itself is better than the management of non-governmental organizations like Mission Schools and others and the results are better. fine.
SHILLONG: The State Government has declared a public holiday on the 15th of June for the Spiritual Festival in East Khasi Hills District.
Amid these ambiguities, two announcements were made in January and July.
The opening ceremony was attended by other MDCs including Victor Ranee, Latiplang Kharkongor, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima. , Ken Syiem of Raid Marwet, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, Vice Chief of Meghalaya State Planning Board, Basan, Lyngdoh and others.
Regarding this incident, the family members and witnesses said that they have a strong suspicion that he was attacked by the robbers because at the place where he died, there was no I. It is very likely that he will drown because the pond is only about 3 feet deep and besides that he is also a good fish to swim.
The KSU also admitted that it has found that there are 30-40 houses and shops of foreigners who do not have proper documents.
Meanwhile, Bah S.Kharlyngdoh, DC WKH said that the government's intention to implement the Aadhar number is to collect records of the lifestyle of people through bio metric records on the fingers and hands. the shyllangkhmat of each person and different from each person even if they are related to each other.
Shillong: U Dinesh Maheshwari, Chief Justice of Meghalaya, today has been transferred to take over as the Chief Justice of Karnataka.
Samla Aristone Ryndongsngi, President of the Seng Samla Ïew-Mawlong, expressed his satisfaction after the competition was successful with the participation of the people and through this plastic competition has brought about cleanliness in the village. and especially in this small stream in the village.
Through the strength of the youth of the country, the leaders of these parties have agreed to form a United Legislative Party and not to be involved with the Congress in any way. “There was no youth government at that time including HS Shylla and Hamboy Shullai.
Furthermore, the party urges them not to be proud of being intelligent or wise, and not to rely on luck but only hard work and determination can bring victory.
Then it would be better as my mother said to continue my studies to complete my graduate degree so that I can get a promotion in the office.
Many complaints have been lodged against the Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Limited and MeECL including the residents of Upper Chandmari and the Wildlife Department. They have refused to do anything or to correct this shortcoming.
“The Governor will pass the Ordinance,” he said when asked why the Governor has delayed passing the Ordinance, even though it has been many months since the Legislative Assembly passed it. the Ordinance this year.
Replying to the question on the implementation of the JJM, he said that so far it has been completed by about 40% and the department has set a target to reach 50% by the end of this month. He added that out of the Rs 5400 crore allocated, Rs 1400 to Rs 1500 crore has already been spent on the implementation of this scheme.
“This road is older than Meghalaya because the State is only 50 years old but the road is 58 years old and it is also the oldest road in the State. Meghalaya”, said Renik.
“The Government wants to bring about a complete change in education in the state.
Through the centuries there has been not only intense debate , but also a struggle to completely destroy and abolish this relationship and alliance of these forces.
This is not because the PM has thought that Meghalaya is rich or because someone has more money than he deserves.
Sneha Biswas won the second prize while Borkataki won the third prize.
He said that the kur has also received phone call records which prove that there are still several people involved in the murder against Macborn Bonnyson Kharbani.
“Because Meghalaya is still ranking last in terms of the number of people who come forward to donate blood voluntarily, such campaigns will also provide a lot of blood donation. benefit for the salvation of many fellow human beings.
In the C1 Men's category, Indra Sharma of Meghalaya finished sixth.
The forest department officials, once they have received the forest management in writing and agreements, will not discriminate against the villagers and do as they please with the forest entrusted to them.
He was responding to a question raised by Nongpoh MLA Mayralbon Syiem, who expressed his concern that many people have not been registered in MHIS-IV because those who do take only Many of those who came from the rural areas had to leave empty handed and this has caused them sadness.
The inspection of the Myntdu River came after the complaints of the villagers and farmers regarding the insecurity of drinking water supply due to the inability to remove the shyiap that has filled in many parts of the Myntdu River. The spread of garbage and the landslide along the Myntdu River especially in the areas under construction of the new road at Treiongriang.
“We should not assume that only if we are not in power in the state or the country, the party will disappear, it is not so,” he added.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (NYF) today met with the Addl Magistrate, Bah Tremi Shadap, after receiving a complaint from Bah Embhahlang Shadap, regarding the closure of the Scooty and vehicles are no longer allowed to park at Bimola.
We believe that it is necessary to try Egyptian and American coconuts in the Assam Hills.
The two largest parties in power in the state under the MDA government, the UDP and the NPP, have not been able to control and control the release of its MDCs.
A 5 feet bseiñ was rescued from the residence of Phulbari MDC Habibuz Zaman on October 22 by teams of GHADC forest workers and handed over to the Wildlife Department of West Garo Hills.
The village has about 168 households and about 850 residents, who want to recognize this place as a tourist destination.
and it shall offer them in whatever field they feel fit to work temporarily.
(B) Foreigners – The British Government also passed a law known as the Foreigners' Act, 1946 which is still in force today to prevent the infiltration of foreigners. mirror see.
In fact, bank employees should help the people especially at this time of crisis, said KSU President Bah Innocent Khongstia.
After a friendly in June this year, Spain have now qualified themselves for the top spot after scoring many goals in the match against Norway and China which won.
Until shiphew o'clock, Panah left the house without knowing where he was going.
Opposition parties have also accused the Iranian authorities of illegally using the so-called 'capital punishment' to reduce the number of people in the country.
Dr Mukul, who won the MLA election in 1993, said he had the opportunity to work with Dr Donkupar.
The school was built on November 8, 2014 and was targeted to be completed within 24 months but it has not been completed for six years.
The party would like to thank all those who came to take part in the cleanliness drive and also to MLA Bah Embhah Syiemlieh who donated to the party.
Modi has spoken extensively during his election campaign to find out about the deposits of many politicians and wealthy people in various banks around the world and bring back the money. money steal sha you Ri.
He said it would be wrong if he did not send a reply on the issues raised by the MLAs, and he felt that he should send it to all the MLAs who participated.
Where will their future go if teachers stay on the streets,” said Bah Adelbert.
He said that these committees have been prepared and have already ordered all the Deputy Commissioners to implement these rules of the MRSSA and to ensure full implementation within their respective areas. which is the look.
Pradeep Kumar, of Baksar Ghat, said that 15 days ago, a body was buried in the river; but as soon as it was finished, a heavy rain came and the water covered the body and the villagers gathered and ate the body.
On this occasion, the Ri-Bhoi Dorbar will honor the former Chief Ministers of Ri-Bhoi, Bah DD Lapang, Bah JD Rymbai and Bah EK Mawlong (deceased).
Agnes was shifted from Ialong Civil Hospital to NEIGRHIMS and is still in critical condition.
The President said that at present many villages in Ri-Lum Jaintia have lost electricity due to the non-functioning of transformers and this is a great loss to the people if smart meters are installed.
The searchers said that the difficulty in finding the man is because of the large amount of garbage in the hill and the flames of the fire. ha Mawiong ad who used to follow the garbage trucks of the Municipal but in his spare time he used to go to collect the garbage in the area with his family.
The Government has now decided to market this sohphan through the Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion (IBDLP) scheme to become part of the employment opportunities for the people and to increase their income from this sohphan.
Warjri said that police together with the AEC i/c Patharkhmah Administrative Unit had raided the village on 27th June but the workers from Assam had fled.
Under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Department of Chemicals and Fertilizers has taken steps to address the issues related to the irregular use of fertilizers.
Khublei Seng Greetings to all of you.
Benn still remains under investigation at UKAD; the highest synagogue in the land of Bilat.
Stay in this situation and God will help you,” admonished the master. “Be master,” said Peter in a soft voice.
“We have complained many times about the shortcomings and problems of the PHC Umkiang, but the health department has failed to provide for the needs of the PHC,” said the Assistant Waheh Shnong Umkiang. but Kynjaimon Amse.
Buam said that this is just an unfounded allegation against the DG Prison.
On the other hand, Kong Grace and Bah Fantin said that this initiative will help those who come from far away places to pay online.
A life of godliness on a solid foundation The Word of God leads the way to good thoughts and guides in the Word of speech and storytelling.
The Prime Minister urged the leaders of the pharmaceutical companies to work hard to develop RNA Diagnostic Kits for COVID-1
According to a statement from the SDPO of Sohra, Ian Onel Swer, Kitboklang Kharsyntiew was arrested after an FIR was lodged against Windo Diengdoh on 4th November.
Shortly after, he was appointed as Assistant Coach of Northeast United FC to become the first Khasi to participate in the Indian Super League.
After the match between these two teams, there are still 9 matches in the first round of the tournament and the next match will be on the 11th. Mawlot FC will play against Nongkrem SC on the 15th, Ryntih SC will play against Rising FC, Lawei Phyrnai will play against Hynniewtrep FC on the 22nd, 58 GTC FC will play against Rising FC on the 29th. he was awarded Fc.
This ability of this tree to withstand such forces of nature has surprised and inspired an intelligent thinker like Soso Tham to associate himself with a true Riew Rangbah who has strong foundations. strong when he wants to do any great work and who can endure all kinds of difficulties throughout his life like the tree of life can endure the forces of nature all his life.
Furthermore, the society has requested the government to lend a helping hand for the repair of the damage caused on that day.
Therefore, they have been ordered to carry passengers wherever they need, and not to carry more than the price set by the government and not to charge more than the price set by the government. Those who violate the rules, the licenses, permits of these violating vehicles and the drivers may be revoked.
According to Bah Arwan, he didn't have any idea.
The Mawlai MDC also appealed to the parents to take care of their children especially not to allow them to drive, whether it is a car or two wheelers when they are not old enough to drive.
Furthermore, the Education Cell urges the students to work hard and diligently to succeed in their studies. .
The seven districts to be covered are East Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills, East Jaintia Hills, Ri-Bhoi, West Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills.
Indeed, it is also a government without a guide (govt.
Before leaving for Soso Tham, the party held a rally in front of the monument erected by the party at Lachumiere, Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (CEC) today submitted a petition to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Shillong demanding that the government should not allow the First of all, the indigenous people from the Hynniewtrep and Garo peoples who have completed the education and other requirements to get teaching jobs in this university.
Speaking to media, the Minister said they had discussed the issue in a meeting with the Chief Secretary and the Personnel Department.
This is my Christmas message to you friends that before the end of this year let us strive to reach perfection so that we can go to heaven.
Speaking on the allegation by (L) EK Mawlong, his eldest son, Bah George B. Lyngdoh, who is also the incumbent MLA of Umroi Constituency, said that the allegation is baseless and unfounded. The High Court on 28th July 2008 has ruled that Bah EK Mawlong had nothing to do with the auction or sale of the Meghalaya House. has Kolkata.
Speaking to reporters, Ao said, “I have not heard anything from him (Mukul Sangma).
In fact, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima should have appointed more cleaners to bring about cleanliness in the market.
Zenith said that after the Supreme Court ordered the closure of liquor shops near roads and places of worship in 2014-15, 265 out of 561 liquor shops have been closed in the state.
Lavrov and Jaishankar will discuss several key issues related to the situation in Ukraine due to the war launched by Russia.
Through these facts, KHNAM, believes that this donation, will be a waste of public money and the KHNAM, also finds that the members of the managing committee of the school, which was approved by U Sub- Shillong, Shillong, many of them are still in Class III, while some of them are still in Class III.
Therefore, this region needs the close attention and support of various departments such as Industries, Agriculture, Horticulture, Tourism, PHE and other departments, to boost employment opportunities, otherwise we will They have already become slaves to foreign powers to live as agents and employees, while the future of their children has already been threatened.
I said clearly that if the government releases the money, it has to release the interest.
Vehicles coming from West, South West and Eastern Khasi Hills District will have to pass through Pomlakrai village to reach Mawryngkneng and enter the Shillong Bye-Pass.
Shillong: “As an MLA, I am pleased to say that I have to look after many churches, not myself and the duty of the MLA is to make laws and bring in proper policies,” said the MLA of North Shillong Constituency. U Bah Adelbert Nongrum at the handover ceremony of the sound system cum musical instrument to the Lam Jingshai Choir, Mawkhar Parish at a total cost of T.5,00,134.00 lakh under the MLA scheme of the Special Urban Work Program (SUWP) -20.
I will work on my own affairs, from where I sit alone.
He was brought to Tura for five days after suffering from shortness of breath and fever.
In Tamil Nadu, there are 77 new cases of Covid-19 and all the cases have been reached to 911, said CS Shagmugam, Chief Secretary of Tamil Nadu.
The office will send a show cause notice to them and if they don't respond we will send a closure notice,” said Bah Kharbuki.
Sweden has never won the World Cup or the Olympics.
She said that it is the people who have encouraged her to contest the elections in 2023 and said that she will stand on the basis of the people.
He said that the Hill Farmer Union (HFU) West Khasi Hills District, expresses its deep sorrow over the suffering of the farmers in the past two days.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U BJP South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai on Tuesday sent a letter to the BJP State President Rikman G. Momin requesting him to approve the nomination of Dr. Fenela Lyngdoh. Nonglait has been nominated as a candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
After the defeat, he returned to the Congress party and was re-appointed President of the Shella Block Congress.
She has been the Leader of the Members of Legislative Council (MLC) of Odisha and also the Governor of Jharkhand.
Johny Yaiying, a friend of Taron, said he escaped suicide and immediately reported the incident to the police.
However, at about 8 pm, members of the KSU Khliehriat Unit informed the officer in charge of the Khliehriat Infiltration Check Point that they have arrested these foreigners and the KSU has handed them over to the Khliehriat Infiltration Check Point. Police of Khliehriat Police Station have taken the necessary action.
Love stands against the forces of destruction and destruction.
Samla Lambokstarwell said that the lack of ILP in the state is due to the lack of attention of the government and the members of the Legislative Assembly to force the Indian government to grant ILP in the state.
As an MLA, he also congratulated the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi for taking the initiative to improve the health department in Ri-Bhoi, to upgrade the Sub Centers. , PHCs to CHCs and to improve the health facilities in CHCs and especially to implement some of the pending projects in the district such as the MCH Hospital at Umran Parila, the Trauma Center and to set up The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare under the leadership of Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, has expressed its gratitude to the Union for its support. They also expressed their concerns and especially to ensure that these activities are monitored in the district.
Umwang, Naitung 29: The Raid Nongtung in Ri-Bhoi district, which is involved in the land dispute between Meghalaya and Assam, wants to resolve the border issue.
Today, these teachers held a flag raising ceremony by marching to Laitumkrah-Nongrimmaw where the DERT office is located to protest against this corruption.
The training was conducted by 10 Japanese teachers under NAVIS, which also shows the success of the programme.
Referring to the match between Pasyih CSC and Khliehshnong Ialong, the match from the start was slow and within 3 minutes Pasyih scored more than 1 goal.
Speaking to reporters, Chairman of the JAC, Bah Yoodahunki Shylla, said that the decision to appeal against the DCC is on the grounds that the company which is constructing the National Highway (NH-2 ) at a cost of more than T.43 crore has been implemented too slowly.
Of these, 17 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 14 cases from West Garo Hills, 19 cases from Ri Bhoi District and one case from West Jaintia Hills District.
“Meghalaya is a transit route for smugglers although it is not a place to get elephant ivory,” said the Chief Conservator of Forest (Wildlife) Bah YS Shullai.
In the opening match of this year's tournament, Lajong beat Northeast United FC 4-0 to participate in this largest and oldest tournament in Asia.
“Everyone has worked hard and we have to accept the decision of the people,” said Dr Jemino.
People love meThey take care of me They don't thynrew they don't thynrangI flow with rain and snow.
“The Resident Act has also been implemented for the indigenous people, here in Shillong there are many Khasi residents who have to follow the same rules as foreigners, this shows that the government has changed “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Robert.
The age of the players will be those born on 1st January 2007, and they will have to bring their certificates from the government authorities to prove their age.
The Sports Meet of Asisi Parish Byrnihat was inaugurated by Bah Liander Nongshli, Assistant Secretary of RBYF. , Ajoy Lyngdoh, President of SSKAPB and other members of SSKAPB and dignitaries.
Shillong: The High Level Committee (HLC) under the chairmanship of the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong today met to discuss the issue of removing the road passing through the Golflink Stadium before the construction of the Golflink Ground. National games 2022.
The Pyneh Rngiew Kiew Lum Sohpet Bneng includes the prayer of phirat and other rituals before climbing to the top of Lum Sohpet Bneng in the Umiam Khwan area to complete the ritual which includes the prayer of phirat and the sneng of strongly related to the origin, foundation and larity of the Hynniewtrep people and to worship the Creator and Creator on the holy mountain Lum Sohpetbneng on the Duwan of Dupat Sohpetbneng.
Almost all the MDCs in the House listened, but before the Chairman could move on to another part of the speech, the Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah Process T Sawkmie, who was sitting in the back, stood up. The CEM asked the Chairman to allow him as a member of the Executive Committee to speak on the matter. The Chairman allowed him.
The Minister of Education, said that a letter has already been sent requesting to cancel the CUET before the CUET, for those students who want to study Graduate in various colleges. for this year was sent through the Prime Minister's Office.
This Hills State is demanded only for the indigenous people living in these beloved hills, we do not demand for other people (Khasi Hynniewtrep and Garo).
“The reports that we have withdrawn the strike are just rumours.
Nagaland won only one silver medal, followed by Meghalaya with two bronze and Arunachal Pradesh with one bronze.
Bhopal, March 13: 115 pilgrims including men and women have been killed and hundreds injured in a clash on the bridge before reaching the famous Ratangarh temple in Datia district of Madhya. Pradesh on Tuesday.
The song was composed by the Boys of Rhythm and composed by Frankie Ri and produced by Khrawborlang L.Nongum & Kevin Kharmalki.
In Shillong, the price of sohmynken is about 120-130 tyngka per kilo compared to Tura.
In the end, as the KSU as a whole, we send you Ma with our prayers that you will go safely, and may you continue to bless us on our journey to build a better future.
It cannot be said that the above-mentioned traditional teachings of the Church provide the opportunity for this heritage to read and examine them once again, and to clarify and apply them in the fight and protection of them. people and Country from violence.
This happened near the Dawki Bridge, before reaching Dawki, which may have been due to the heavy rainfall in these days.
Habib was summoned for trial for allegedly throwing his knife at the head of the victim.
Last year, Meghalaya was in the Plate Group with Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland, Puducherry, Sikkim, Uttarakhand and Chandigarh.
Speaking to reporters at Tripura Castle this afternoon, the band's singer, Doug, said, “We have received an email from the band and we have thought about it.
He said that at the meeting of the Shiphew Dorbar it was decided to talk to the CEM or Secretary of KHADC to clarify on this order. and the Secretary.
Speaking at the exhibition held in Tura, the Chief Advisor to the Chief Minister, Thomas A Sangma, who is also the MLA of North Tura Constituency, said, “I have had the opportunity to witness in the three competitions in the past two months and I have seen how talented the students are.
However, just because they belong to the private sector does not mean that they can completely damage the environment by cutting down all the trees or destroying the trees to cultivate or cultivate more.
Regarding Wanthmu Phawa, the Dorbar Shnong has elected him as the village candidate for the past five years, but in 2014 he was defeated in the MDC election in Laski Rymbai MDC has been elected.
Among the crowd, there were many shouts against Dr. Mukul Sangma, some said that he is a stupid person, some said that he is a stupid person, some said that he is a Khar Muslim.
In places where it is difficult for the seeds to grow, the seeds of these seeds are planted in flowerpots.
Nongpoh: After it was found that there are owners of restaurants, guest houses and other private individuals who have land near the Umroi River and who are allowed to dump garbage into the river, the Union Leaders of the Union of Myanmar The Rangbah Shnong of Umroi-Umiam, have warned that from now on, they should not dump garbage into the river, as it has affected the cleanliness of the river and especially from the leaders of the river. The union wants to turn the river into a fish sanctuary.
Police said that four suspected GNLA militants had gone to Sangma's house to rob the house by tied the door but when he opened it suddenly the four suspects dragged him out of the house. and they shot him, and cast him into the wilderness.
On the other hand, the President of KSU Mawkhar Circle, Bah Fredrick Myrthong, said that the KSU Mawkhar Circle is deeply saddened to see that the contractors in the area are Khasi. call the people outside.
“We would also like to say that we should look at who is causing the traffic jam...commercial taxis or private vehicles or foreign vehicles.
Tripura Police have seized 1,500 kilograms of cannabis worth Rs 2.25 crore in Tripura.
There are 32 vehicles of the Municipal including old vehicles.
“There should be a strong protest in the state against the continued delays which affect the income of the state.
During the condolence visit, Rajnath joined the troops to carry the coffin of one of the deceased soldiers.
Joshi said that from the word “Hima” or “Kingdom” the French were able to translate it into “Hills”. He said that Jowai (Jaintia Hills) should have been given the name of East Khasi Hills and Shillong should have been given the name of West Khasi Hills.
The MLA of Nongstion and leaders of several NGOs joined the residents in this protest.
On the part of the DCPO of Bhoirymbong C&RD Block, Bah Durka A.Lakiang, he explained about the positive and negative impacts by giving examples when people touch from areas that should not be touched within the Block. body, that is an evil intention that should be avoided by such people.
He said that there are about 6 employees of KHADC in the forest.
The first quarterfinal will be between Wasa Utd and Panaliar SC. The second will be between Luti Tuber Ialong and Kseh Sylle Ialong.
Good Mr. Paul.
The manifesto was launched by party Vice President Dr Kara H Shen along with other party leaders at a press conference in Shillong.
Speaking to media, she said that in the meeting with the ASHAs, she had discussed their demands, including free medical treatment, and informed that the ASHAs The Government agreed to this demand.
Bora, who represented Sarkar, said that according to the agreement, Sarkar was forced to pay up to T.9 lakh to Nashier.
In 1978, he contested for the post of MDC from Jowai on the ticket of the HSPDP and won.
But God gathered them together in the second world war.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union Education Cell (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the violence of the Vice-Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. SK Srivastava in trying to discredit the services of Prof. SM Sungoh. She has been teaching at NEHU for more than 25 years and has contributed in many fields especially in relation to the students of the state and from other states of the North East.
Don't talk to the people now!.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 14: The Hynniewtrep Peoples Front (HPF) Ri-Bhoi District today visited a family of four children at Umden Umsaitprah village. They also provided food items to help cope with the suffering of the family and to encourage them not to lose hope.
On the recent publication of the HNLC's demand letter, the police chief admitted that it was true and it had appeared in the media.
Here we hear of weeping and wailing, we hear of sickness and suffering, we hear of wars and bloodshed, and here we experience only trouble and suffering, poverty and hunger.
According to sources, the voice of the voters in Mawshynrut Constituency is only for the two parties, the HSPDP and the NPP. To collect from the supporters of the two parties, the HSPDP and the NPP, he said that if you look at the knowledge and understanding of the HSPDP candidate, he is well qualified but the NPP candidate is not. He was rich in wealth, but in knowledge he was still poor, said the elders.
He said that if the households want to get health, they should have a good toilet in every household, because if we go to the toilet openly in the streets or in the hills, it will come. They carry unclean air and water and if we drink and breathe them, they can make us sick from pneumonia and other diseases.
Shillong: The National Vice President of the BJP, Dr Chuba Ao, on Tuesday said that to call for a CBI inquiry, it needs clear evidence and this is the first time. He said that he has come to the state, so on his part, he needs to talk to the State President, Bah Ernest Mawrie.
If the child is burning, pour water immediately on the burning area until the burning disappears (about 10 minutes).
When its motto is 'Voice of the North East', why doesn't it want to contest MP from Assam for only 3 or 4 seats, why in Manipur? Why did you support the BJP in Arunachal Pradesh without proper grounds?
Remember, God is also sorry when the Mawpud are destroyed.
“He said that the government has a goal to make it easier for the people to improve their income and to meet their needs.
“The absence of full, inclusive, inclusive economic development can show economic development but this is not fundamental development.
The quake struck at a depth of 5 km, the National Center for Seismology (NCS) said.
They said that there was no misuse of power by AIG (A) GK Iangrai.
“The university in the current academic session is busy with studies including the completion of the syllabus and examinations scheduled to be held in early November.
A stem plastic bag containing 1,02,000 YABA/World is Yours tablets weighing 11 kilograms worth Rs 2 crore was also recovered.
The UDP with 11 MLAs has received the support of the Congress 5 MLAs, the VPP 4 MLAs, the TMC 5 MLAs and the PDF with 2 MLAs. MLA has been counted.
One of the key issues he will discuss will be the Village Administration Bill (VAB) which is pending within the Ministry of Home Affairs.
“When I saw the IC of Pasteur Beat House, SI KP Singh, I fled the scene,” said the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang. It lasted longer but they arrested him later. He said that his other friends had fled.
Parliamentary Secretary Kennedy C Khyriem was also present.
In the past and in the past years, from 1970 to 1998, traders did not come out to contest elections.
She was undergoing treatment at Nazareth Hospital since 8th November 2020 and passed away on the morning of 9th November at 6:20 pm at Nazareth Hospital.
Shillong, July 02: The Governor of Meghalaya, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has decided that the District Council will not fall into the hands of the State Government. Now, they have remained in the dark and turned into nothing under the Intimidation Act of the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma, when it changed its position. you don't have lerkam.
"Shu shim decision, the matter is over, it is better to listen carefully to the speech of these government officials.
On this occasion, the Shnong has donated T.10000 to the group and also the RBYF has donated T.10000 to support the group for many needs. The Subroto Cup will be held in Shillong.
Some of the words that are more necessary to be understood clearly in the Khasi language have been distributed and will continue to be distributed when more words or phrases begin to appear that require a clear explanation of the meanings in the Khasi language.
He said that the number of people visiting the office is no longer like in previous years, but the people these days want the employees to complete their duties once they have left. of them on the same day.
Marak said that if there were any people in the farm, many people would have been injured in the shooting.
Process said this while speaking at the awarding ceremony for Welkin Stone Shadap who won the Asia Book of Records title as the fastest runner by completing the 148 kilometer run in 19 hours and 33 minutes on Saturday at Mawlai Nongpdeng.
Meanwhile, Kong Agnes, President of CSWO, said that it was decided to hold a sit-in on that day to explain to the government the situation in the state due to the collapse of Khadar rule, the threat to social welfare, rising prices of foodstuffs which has adversely affected the population, loss of traditional land, uncoordinated law, young people deprived of their labor rights, exploitation the power by many in the Khadar administration, the invasion of doubtful companies, the growth that does not match the passage of time, and this has increased with the passing of the days and we feel that the silence of the government is like a threat to democracy and we must not allow that.
We understand the pain, the loss and the grief you have experienced.
West Yorkshire Police later tweeted: “There was nothing sinister, but, just, he was a man, in the wrong place and also in the wrong time too".
Their repairs are ongoing and it is hoped that they will soon be operational again.
“I shall be homeless within a year and all my streets will be turned into churches.
Referring to the appointment of a special investigation team, Prestone Tynsong said that at present only the officer incharge (OC) and the investigation officer can investigate the matter.
Shillong, Nailar, 03: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) on Friday submitted a petition to the Minister of State, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh to complain against the Karbi community against the Pnars. in Block-I and understood that the Pnars should not form any political parties in this area.
“Among the legal statements regarding this case after the conviction, there is also the story of a child who has gone missing and whose life has been destroyed.
Marak's case has reached the CJM Court William Nagar and is currently under trial.
The Dorbar Shnong has urged the children of the village to be vigilant and follow the COVID-19 prevention measures as directed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Thirteen civil society organizations protesting against the implementation of the ILP will send a letter to the government after two months to submit measures on how to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the country. this state.
Shillong, July 17 : The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has given 24 hours to the government to re-appoint three investigating officers of the Lokayukta who have been dismissed recently. The Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, urged the party to read the Lokayukta Act.
Due to the opposition of the land owners, the plan to erect shiah signs in some parts of the Khasi Hills is still pending.
“We have not sat idly by, and the arrear of former and current MDCs is also due to lack of funds,” he said.
The visit to the Sos camps and ammunition was conducted by police teams and Assam Rifle troops.
Dr. Pame appreciated the efforts of the AYUSH Department to organize the International Yoga Day, in which the two Central Government departments have participated in different parts of the country. you country.
The women were welcomed by the Union Minister of State in charge of Electronics and IT, Shri Rajeev Chandrasekhar, State President of the party Shri Ernest Mawrie and Minister of State for Home Affairs Shri Rajeev Chandrasekhar. The State Government of Bah Sanbor Shullai.
I would like to remind the people especially the youth that 50 years ago we got the Hills State Meghalaya although it is small, sparsely populated but what touched the soul of the great leader of India Prime Minister Indira Gandhi said that the people of Garo and Khasi Jaintia Hills are descended from their mothers. According to the Assam Reorganization Act 1969, Meghalaya consists of two districts, the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council and the United States. The map of these district councils is Meghalaya and the government doesn't do anything wrong and the line of these district councils is marked by GPS and so on. The coordinates are also placed on the line.
At that time Isaiah said, “I saw the Lord (Jesus) sitting on a high throne and lifted up, and his train filled the temple.
Manish scored 6/40 in 18 overs while Abhishek scored 4/31 in 10.4 overs.
Regarding the drivers of commercial vehicles, many of them are not aware of the announcement of the Transport Department that they should charge the fare as before and some of them are aware but do not want to reduce or charge as before.
Messi, who has won the Ballon d'Or six times, was key to leading Argentina to World Cup 2022 glory during his tenure. player of Paris Saint-Germain.
Although the government has a Wildlife Department which works for the protection of wildlife, but this department lacks to provide awareness or training to the people especially in the rural areas. related to this.
Four government ministers did not attend the Cabinet meeting today.
The police have revealed the names of the political parties of the arrested persons, showing that there was a political activity in connection with the stone throwing in Tura which led to the injury of many policemen.
Shillong: The Congress party has been fighting for tickets for the 2019 MP elections from Shillong and Tura Parliamentary constituencies.
“Explaining on the statement on the reservation issue led by the president of the VPP, Bah Paul said, “I cannot just cancel the meetings that have already been arranged ( to Switzerland) only because some of them were stranded in Shillong and could not return.
“The research will be on the religion and customs of the Khasi, marriage, language, the emergence of the Kur and Jait, culture, the traditional rule of chiefs, the decline in morality and dignity. In this present heritage, superstition, land grabbing, traditional markets once a month, traditional musical instruments including traditional Khasi songs, historical places and mawbynna, inheritance, handicrafts, food and drink, traditional medicine, history of the life and contribution of Rev JJM Nichols Roys. who fought for the independence of the nation,” said Bah Carness.
In a speech on 20th June, HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh said, “Our demands expressed in the Eight-point Resolution stand. We will not fall under the pressure of political parties because it is the government's will to do so and over time, this area has become a hub of trade.
The vaccinees are also requested to strictly follow the COVID-19 rules, wear masks, wash hands and keep a distance of 2 meters from each other.
That night the city was filled with confusion and commotion because of everything that was happening.
Three political parties including the National People's Party (NPP), Congress and Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday staged a rally at Kynshi village. Mawria in Eastern West Khasi Hills to inform the public about the MP elections to the Lok Sabha for their own candidates to contest the elections.
“If Article 370 needs to be abolished, it should be done after the approval of the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly,” he said.
The threat that has confused the minds of our people.
In his resignation letter sent to the BJP state leader, Ernest Mawrie, Vivek said he joined the BJP with the hope of doing something for the people of the state. , but the party did not impose on him any responsibility to take part.
The AITC said, “Hourly power outages, price hike, non-payment of teachers' salaries, social security and others.
She is a mother from Shillong and all her siblings live in Delhi. She has a son from her first husband.
Therefore, the union wants to know from the office in charge of this area how they got permission to put idols inside the office because it is something unpleasant.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek today said that ASHAs do not need PPEs when they go to assist those who are undergoing home quarantine.
On the other hand, Bah Nongtnger said that the police department alone cannot fight against the insurgents but with the cooperation of the people, he believes that one day we will be able to eradicate such insurgents. He said that to defeat the insurgents in the area, the people should no longer provide shelter or food and assistance to such insurgents because their rap encourages them to learn. come to this area and commit acts of violence.
The Aadhaar scheme was created to improve income through the internet and computers, but the Government has become a prisoner within it.
“On behalf of the State, it has been informed that about 30 applications have been received for the mining of coal according to the latest technology which are being prepared for approval by the Ministry of Coal.
Shillong, July 31: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the State Government is ready to discuss issues related to the Meghalaya Lokayukta whether it is with the VPP or with the Meghalaya Lokayukta. who would like to discuss this topic.
It has conducted programs to teach the people to read and write and to encourage the residents to pursue education and to fight for the protection of the environment.
However, it is said that suddenly the neighbor who was walking across the street, shot the girl in parts of the head and this happened on Saturday.
According to the paper ( Ref.
Regarding the introduction of the Ordinance, the Government of Mawsynram Hima has written to the Governor of the State not to accept it as it is not necessary to implement the Ordinance. of a special system of government from the beginning.
The ceremony was led by the President of the Seiñ Kyntu Raij-12 Daloi, Rgh Wom Chyrmang in the presence of Rgh Meliyo Lyngdoh who is also the President of the Seiñ Raij Muthlong.
“Remove the differences of opinion and let from today when you have received the constitution you work according to its objectives with a spirit of unity to bring about the development of Jowai and the district as a whole,” he said. Wh SQ Sumer.
He who has received a lot of education, who has appeared well in the news, in his hard work for the poor, the rich, the poor, the women who have been oppressed, the oppressed, the workers. , domestic workers, urban vendors and RTI activist for the rights of the people and other activities to build the welfare of the people and this is i Ms. Angela Rangad.
“After the spread of the news on social media, the officer was raped, interrogated and sent to take away his clothes.
No complaint has been lodged with the police and it has not been reported whether he ate goat meat in the new house.
The Minister told the media that the government will study the situation carefully before deciding to lift the ban on the sale of imported fish.
“Peter, don't worry too much, I have understood to think of you specially and especially that you are my favorite friend.
In the midst of their great sorrow, they decided to move to another house, or even if they were still in the Congress house, they decided to condemn Bah Gabriel Wahlang who had announced that he would not be able to leave. I got a ticket from the Congress party.
Speaking to the Additional SP, the Chief Superintendent of Police said that they have been demanding this issue.
In the last election, the BJP had contested candidates from all 60 constituencies, but managed to win only in Pynthorumkhrah and South Shillong constituencies.
The Badminton tournament started on the 13th of this month and ended on the 17th of this month with the tournament in various categories (Boys & Girls).
On the other hand, the President of HITO Mawryngkneng Circle, Bah Gary S.Myrboh, said that the union, after receiving the complaint from the residents of the area, has gone to the CHC. The President said that during the inspection, the union found that the doctors and nurses were not present at the hospital. at the time with the doctor some time later, sneaking up from behind and pretending to be busy.
House fires can happen at any time.
If this is the case, there is still hope for the nation because even if you don't get it, you won't run away.
According to Kohli, this is not the end of the meeting but only the beginning.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 24: It is unbelievable that ryndia is the most expensive food in Nongstoiñ where the price of ryndia has reached 720 tyngka per kilo.
I have always told them that the thought should be what I can give good information to those who ask for information, not what I should not give information,” said the CIC.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Champion Paliar, Leader of the People of Rambrai Constituency, said that the people of Rambrai constituency have held many meetings in these months since they were removed as MDCs from the government since last year. The MDC's scheme has not reached the constituency.
The question we raised was why the details were not given earlier".
He said that one should not be surprised to love the nation, and there are those who say that they love the nation, just support.
“As we have always prayed, Ah! “God put the VPP in that place so that it will be a blessing to the people and we have won even four MLAs and the people of the country are happy,” he added.
On this occasion, the party sends its condolences to the family of Pa Dolloi and also to the family of those two who died in this tragic incident on Friday.
“We are Khasi people and we have Khasi customs and traditions and we don't understand how to speak their language, so we came to meet the Chief Minister to urge him to to transfer 18 villages in Block II to Meghalaya.
This was announced by Rgh, Standby Sari, Publicity Secretary of the 12-Daloi.
In the first leg of the match, Panaliar drew 1-1 with Iawmulong Nartiang.
On receiving the incident, Umiam Police Station rushed to the scene to provide assistance to the injured. The victim was rushed to the CHC in Bhoirymbong.
This village is located in Kamrup district of Assam.
The current method of selling soh is not very profitable for the farmer.
Bah Ïuroi said that the road from Polo to Saw Furlong has started from 6th November 2023 and has been in operation for more than 10 months.
He said that he urged the state government especially the PWD department to take immediate action to repair the 20 mer road to Mawpnar and also to complete the paving of the Mawskei-Mawdem road which is about 8 km long. km you are still standing haudh now.
Police said they are investigating the incident and the body has been sent for post mortem.
The foundation stone for the construction of the Medical College at RP Chest, TB Hospital was laid after the signing of a social agreement with KPC Group in
Food items such as piat, rice and sugar have increased in price for several days, according to Dkhar shopkeepers in Iewduh.
The Pastor said that the employees of the State Government, as well as government or private schools, are dedicating themselves to the implementation of the Aadhar registration process. The Supreme Court has made it clear that it depends on the personal preference of the person for the registration of Aadhar.
The Synod Higher Secondary School, the winner of the competition, has been selected to perform on the 19th of this month at Tura, West Garo Hills District on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the Synod. Nongpoh, March 11: For the first time in Meghalaya, a company from Assam, Rajdip Innovations Pvt.
The two countries, which reached the final along with fourth-placed South Korea, have qualified for the U-17 Women's World Cup to be held soon this year.
On the other hand, the President of KNGCSU, Samla Evermore Rymbai, expressed his gratitude to the KNGCSU Adventure Sports and Mountaineering Club for taking this important step to help the students in need. This was a success with the help of the Principal of the College who gave permission to hold the programme.
In West Jaintia Hills, the improvement of Amlarem Stadium is T.20 lakh, the improvement of Sahsniang Stadium is T.14 lakh, while in Ri-Bhoi, the improvement of Umsaw Nongkharai Stadium is T.14 lakh. Marmain, and Mairung, which have allocated T.10 lakh per field.
Shillong: There have been 12 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
He also demanded that the DC should take immediate action against the ST status of the children who have been born from a clean marriage so that other ethnic groups will not take advantage of the registration authority. He said that according to the Khasi custom, if the husband's wife is a non-Khasi, she cannot take a jait from the husband and they have to change their jait by putting the word Dkhar or Khar.
According to the petition submitted by the union to the Minister, the union has requested the Ministry of Agriculture to revive the Sohñiamtra cultivation in the Riwar area, to set up a food processing industry. Soh Phan, Soh Trun and others, to help convey to the Government the problems of the synsar farmers due to the sharp decline in prices compared to previous years. No, to help the farmers to market their produce on the border by building markets as in the past.
Roykupar said that besides the establishment of the PMA, the HYC has also suggested to Prestone that the government should set up a price monitoring board to collect data from the market. They shall be headed by the Minister and shall not be empowered to take decisions and measures to control the price of mur.
“The VAB will be one of the issues that we will take seriously,” he said.
Listening priests should protect themselves by wearing masks and by keeping a distance from the witnesses.
Senior Vice President of FKJGP Shillong Mawkyrwat Unit, Bah Elton C. Warjri, in the presence of President of FKJGP Mawkyrwat Unit, Bah Keness Nonglait, Bah Belsi. Kharbani General Secretary, Mawkyrwat Village Elders and other members of the District as well as FKJGP Shillong.
Sonali Phogat, the BJP candidate, has angered the people who attended her rally for not shouting “Bharat Mata Ki Jai”.
All shops in the market area must close on or before 3 pm.
However, perhaps the problem is that we Khasi-Jaintia people are not ready to give land to such big companies.
Speaking to reporters, Hamlet said the decision of the Meghalaya and Assam governments to respect each other in terms of development works on the border is meaningless if Assam continues to invade. to the people who live on the border.
Others who attended the function included Bah Sherbor Mawlong, MDC Sohiong, Bah B Sungoh, BDO Sohiong C&RD Block, Ministers from Mylliem Hima, Lyngdoh and Minister from Raid Shiliangum Nongbsap, elders. from the Shnong and others.
“Before the end of this month, we will visit Khanduli area but at the same time the Chairman of the Regional Committees will do whatever is necessary to start the border talks,” he said. .
Therefore, at any time, the public is allowed to open accounts for up to 10 to 20 people.
Instead of him, the selectors have decided to replace him with Steve Smith to lead the team to the upcoming match. .
The General Secretary of the Meghalaya Wushu Association, Jerry Fiscal Wankhar, said that the association is facing difficulties in providing training to the players as the state as a whole does not have a training ground. right for Wushu fighting.
The closing date for submission of applications along with required documents is on or before 4th October (March),
Your head.
The answer is that about 60 percent of the film Rock On-2 was shot in Shillong and other locations, starring Farhan Akhtar, Arjun Rampal and Shraddha Kapoor.
The purpose of the selfie stands by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and the Departments of Sports and Youth Affairs is to allow the youth, athletes and the people of Meghalaya to join hands and encourage them. Indian athletes have posted "I #Cheer4India" for the 127 Indian Olympic athletes who will compete in 18 sports, as part of expressing their support for @WeAreTeamIndia through these photos. there's a selfie stand.
“After the examinations, the KSU will hold public meetings across Meghalaya to raise awareness among the people on the importance of CAA 2019 and the need to implement the ILP in the state,” he said. added.
The EC will also hold a meeting with the Mahajons to find out what the problems of the Mahajons are.
It would be very good to hold this march once a year to cleanse the land that has been covered with religious, political and discrimination between the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War.
At the time of the incident, there was only one guard out of the 18 guards in charge of the pool and he was the one who went to rescue the child from the pool. ' about 4 feet tall.
“On the other hand, the leaders said that they want to clarify that the incident at Mahadev Khola has nothing to do with the KSU or any religious group.
“However, the surprising thing is that the report of the work was completed before they lodged a complaint on 31st November 2017 while the work was completed since 8th November
He said this when asked about the party's view on the High Court of Meghalaya's suspension of the MoU between Meghalaya and Assam to settle the six border areas. these two states, by banning the crossing of the border until the trial is completed.
We hope that in the midst of despair, we will surprise people that unity as a nation will succeed, so that we will not become water cutters or tree cutters of other nations as warned by Myllung Soso Tham.
At the same time, the HNLC congratulates all the NGOs working for the good of the country and the people of Hynniewtrep.
Police have arrested a drug dealer identified as Deepika Roy, 32, of Laitumkhrah Main Road who led the police to the house of Archana Roy. Police have recovered 57.54 grams of heroin, a mobile phone and T.1,94,975 lakh from the house.
In another development, it was learned that the Hynniewtrep National Council (HANC) one of the civil society organizations from West Khasi Hills today met and submitted a petition to the senior officers. The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, led by VR Rajwat, today met with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya to discuss the road construction schemes in the state. You are currently waiting for your No Objection Certificate.
Nongpoh: Two landslides have occurred on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi district, one at Shangbangla and the other at Umdihar. The two-lane road in Ri Bhoi District has temporarily caused a disruption in the traffic on the four lane road in Ri Bhoi, as the vehicles have had to pass from the wrong side.
After the incident, the leaders of the Sohra Sengbhalang, which includes these organizations under their joint action committee, held a meeting with the Magistrates yesterday, in which the Magistrates said and promised that When conducting such checks, they too will be present along with the police.
“That's really the winner...” said one of those who came and laughed. “Yes.
Regarding the allegations that the Mawsynram police could not arrive on time on the 12th of July at Rithang which is called Thyllaw and Synrangdieng sohphan which is called Mawlongbna, Ian said. He said that Mawsynram police have received a tip that there are crowds in the area and he said that in such cases the police have to inform and follow the orders of the authorities such as the SP. and they cannot go to those places where the mob causes trouble without properly preparing themselves, lest there be a retaliation by the police.
According to Grace, it is understood that the KHADC will proceed with the plan to plant the mawpud mawsam of the forest which was declared as Law Adong by the former CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit. 5 July 2014.
Congratulations were also received from the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma who said that they have a role to play as protectors from dangers and as a source of joy for the State.
Pulse: the pulse is tied frequently without stopping; The bones are the blood vessels in the body of living creatures such as humans, animals, birds and fish.
We had a few training sessions in Chennai and the senior team really helped us a lot in this preparation,” said Rocky.
Students are requested to submit their xerox copies of marksheets before 14th March, said KSU Education Secretary Shiningstar Khongiong.
“We need to examine whether they all want to talk, the government will have to decide,” he said.
“Whatever happens, I take responsibility and I am happy to say that the parties, which are in the government, give their right hand and left hand to work together in all the problems, the problems exist and we work. lang"he added.
There are 17 recoveries from the disease.
The Chief Minister promised the MDCs of JHADC to ensure that the powers of the District Councils will not be affected or undermined and also said that he would look into the order of the Supreme Court. third Amendment) Rules, 2018.
Members of the SHG farmers from the area have participated in this program to showcase the opportunities and benefits that can be obtained from this Synrai Lakadong which is the origin of the Synrai Lakadong. , on the part of the farmers on this day, they exhibited about the cultivation of this crop.
He said that the roads to connect one village to another will help reduce traffic jam, he said that this is one of his proposals as the leader besides the road projects like Pomlakrai to Upper Shillong which is still ongoing. Continue on the road from Mawnarian to Hynniewtrep.
After the tree planting, FCI officials visited the rice storage facility at Mawlai to check the availability of rice storage facilities and rice for distribution.
“The operation of JNNURM buses has been a huge loss due to the lack of proper control rules in the contract with the operators,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said 362 cases were reported from Kamrup Metro, 177 from Dibrugarh, 157 from Nagaon and 123 from Kamrup Rural district.
I don't know how to say, because without water we don't know how to work, and we who still have small children, the daily demand for water from cleaning, cleaning, cleaning and other necessities. , but now you can't do anything.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Shillong Police have recovered the body of a nine-year-old girl from Mawlai Kynon Massar for post-mortem on suspicion that she was raped before being killed.
Three goals were scored by Sahame Lyngdoh in the 4th minute, Lovingstar Suting in the 48th minute and Micky Roy Swer in the 50th minute.
Nongpoh: After the criticism in the media that the Ri Bhoi Police have not taken any action to stop the coal trucks passing through the roads in Ri Bhoi, the The Head of Police, Ri Bhoi, said that the Ri Bhoi Police, have been working hard and have been arresting many coal trucks, which are carrying illegal coal and which are trying to pass through many rural roads. within the District.
SSA teachers who have been striking for their salaries from time to time are still being paid 5/6 months by the government.
In recent years and months, the BJP has accused the government led by Conrad K. Sangma of being involved in corruption such as the implementation of the Saubhagya Scheme, mining and transportation of coal. -law, misuse of funds sent by the Central Government to the JHADC and Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) and others.
The winner of the tournament, Ri Bhoi Police, received a cash prize of T.15,000, while the Legend, who lost the final, received a cash prize of T.15,0 to receive a cash prize of T.7 thousand.
Earlier, the AAP had protested against the power cut and the slowdown in the distribution of electricity in Kut village near Puriang village where the electricity bill has reached Rs. thousand tyngka and the total number of 50 households has reached T.6 lakh.
Jowai, June 21: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) in a statement issued by the Working President, Central Body of Meghalaya strongly condemns the KAAC's violence against the land and the residents of Meghalaya. , especially of the Jaintia community as happened in Khatkasla, Mukroh, Khanduli villages without the knowledge of both the District Administrations as it was clear in the speech of the Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong.
When asked about the death of a nurse working at Ganesh Das Hospital, Manisha Turnia, Dr Aman War said that according to a statement from Ganesh Das Hospital, Manisha is a nurse who works hard in her job, she doesn't talk, she works hard and puts the patients first.
He said that in this competition, the victory depends on the physical fitness, the size and strength of the legs and also the height.
Gideon Kharkongor said that the players need more hard work and encouraged them to try to score more runs through this game, so that they can play well in the BCCI tournaments, such as for the Vijay Merchant Trophy.
And Moses disobeyed God, and the anger of God was kindled against Moses.
“Khublei” “Your daughter Rida.
The former FC Goa player, who came from the Tata Football Academy, has signed a three-year contract with the club until
Neither the BJP nor the UDP can clean up the corruption without their hands,” he said.
In the march past, Seng Khasi Secondary School, Marbisu won the first prize in both the male and female category with a cash prize of 5,000 tyngka and trophies. take part.
The JMB has built a specially designed garbage dump, where a garbage truck after collecting garbage from all over Jowai will dump it back into another vehicle parked on the road.
For Rangdajied, this is their second defeat and they remain in third place with 11 points.
We should be grateful to such ones who take the lead in doing good works.
When asked whether the party will nominate Pynthorumkhrah MLA Bah AL Hek, who is also a Minister of State, Ao said, “I have seen in the media but I have not spoken to him. The Party will discuss because we cannot accept what is written in the books but we need to discuss face to face”.
He said that the non-convention of the Special Session is like a threat to the Legislative Assembly, which is the place to discuss issues affecting the people by the elected leaders. said the statement.
There has been a change in the IT platform used by the NHA to only access valid mobile numbers, if the beneficiary has one.
The tournament will continue until the 19th of this month.
Violators of this order will be punished under the Pandemic Disaster Management Act, 2005 and other provisions of the Indian Penal Code.
However, the arrival of Aicifull has encouraged them and they have expressed their support for Aicifull and demanded that the AITC should give her a ticket. because the mother knows and understands the problems of the household.
Why? Because God has already given mankind wisdom and that wisdom will increase until the day Jesus comes back to this world.
Prestone said the government has directed the officials of the livestock department to search and check the cows in the state for any cases of leprosy.
He said that no one knows about Bah Lapang's decision to leave the Congress and he admitted that his departure will not affect the Congress as it is an old party. they are in all places.
This was announced by the President of VDP Lyndem.
He said that not only Meghalaya, but many of the states in India have not yet received the money that the central government should have sent to the SSA teachers. the central government will release this amount.
When allowed to ask a question, the North Shillong MLA said that the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma should review the MoU. The Constitution of India has been changed from time to time but why hasn't the MoU been signed?
“We are conducting an investigation into the incident," he added.
“Kong Ampareen's speech in the past few days on our demand to turn Meghalaya into Khasi State and Garoland shows that she doesn't know what the founder of the party she belongs to says. “We would like to remind you that PA Sangma during his lifetime has spoken strongly on the need to divide the states,” said Ryan Ch Marak, spokesperson of GSMC. “I have spoken on this issue in Parliament,” he added.
Without a doubt, the police have their own opinion for the problem they face which makes them upset and upset as soon as those hours come.
He said that Ri-Bhoi, Jaintia, Ri-War, Lyngam and others are the names of the country and not the names of the tribe but all are Khasi.
for as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts".
The ministers, who did not want to be named, said that Bah Marbud has a close relationship with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. Marbud Dkhar has ordered the Minister of Industry to allocate the land for the construction of the shop.
He was an MLA from Nongstoiñ constituency who has never been appointed until the day of his death.
The candidates announced for the Shillong seat are incumbent Congress MP Vincent H Pala, Minister of State Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh from the NPP, Robertjune Kharjahrin from the UDP, Dr Ricky AJ. Syngkon from the VPP and Prof Lakhon Kma as an independent candidate.
The event was filled with singers from the “Three Amigos.
The fact is that women are more vulnerable to violence by men and men are more vulnerable to violence by women, and this is true.
This is a good result.
He went shopping.
He said that if the residents throw their toilets into the river, they will be fined a lot but nothing will be done to these kharmetor. they.
He also helps them to walk, stand and do their own work without having to rely on others and instills in them that self-confidence.
“The Ministerial Team will prepare its report and submit the report to the Home Ministry of the Government of India so that the Government can get the funds to rehabilitate those affected by the heavy rains. "he added.
Of these 5 persons, one shall be elected by the Hima/Raid/Shnong, one shall be from the non-leadership ethnic groups, one shall be reserved for women and 2 shall be elected by the wisdom and understanding of the Government. state.
Shillong, Naieng 13: The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) will hold its general meeting on the 22nd of this month.
The Kni Rangbah of the Kur and the Jait who still preserve the customs and traditions of the ancestors or the Langdoh of the Sohblei do not come to any ritual of the Kur or Raij without a jainspong, except for a case of some kind in which they happen to come out or visit.
Referring to the VPP's strike announcement, Conrad said political parties can speak or criticize as they please, but the government has to act according to the rules.
You see if we humans think we are more knowledgeable and wiser than God and His Word, then it is already a disaster.
The presence of these troops has caused a lot of trouble to the people and has also caused problems to the residents of Riwar Jaintia,” he said.
On Friday, Ka Seiñ Kynjei in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Panaliar Jowai on the theme “Nature takes care of us”.
New Delhi: The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 8,000 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 1.9 lakh. and the death toll was 5,3
It is understood that the Hima Mylliem has called the District Council after allegations that the Hima has not informed the District Council during the visit of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma. .
The crygonic plants at Umsawli and Jangjal have progressed rapidly to complete these plants.
The order also prohibits any private individual or civil society organization from searching for trading licenses or arresting foreigners without documents.
“We should not be silent but we should explain to the people who have seen the unfair behavior of the MDA government,” he said.
He said that the demand for fish in the state is so high that even the fish imported from abroad cannot supply to meet the demand.
The goals were scored by Dajied Wanshnong (10), Amon Lepcha (24), Glennys G.Lynrah (29) and Abhay Gurung (90+3).
The mother of the two children said that according to the statement of the children, although the house caught fire, no one found or saw the incident. When the family members and parents of these children arrived, the fire had already destroyed the entire house and all the belongings inside the house.
The MDC said that at this time, we should forget about the party, which is only a uniform, but to work with the spirit, on the issues that really affect the people.
Now this brings us to the question of urgency.
The Union also said that the villagers are ready to donate even the land to the Meghalaya Government for the construction of the Police Out Post.
The meeting was also attended by officials of the Sports Department, State Chess Association, Olympic Association, school children, players of SAI Center NEHU Campus, volunteers of NYKS, chess enthusiasts. and novice chess players.
“The erection of the memorial to Dr. DD Lapang at Ri Bhoi College is not because the Young Mind wants to make money or do politics or want honor, but Before doing this great work, the party has considered and consulted with many leaders of Ri Bhoi including Dr.DD Lapang as the leader who has done many great works in the country. District and state, he has the right to receive this honor and as the people should not misunderstand”.
After the election of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, the newspaper published an article criticizing some MLAs and accusing them of disrupting the Speakership election held on 29 October
- They have their own language, their own beliefs, and their own religion.
Earlier, the UDP had elected Bah Teinwel Dkhar as the Leader of the Parliamentary Party and he was also the CEM of KHADC for nine months before he resigned in November
,There are no more words to say,, I believe that it will be of benefit to the Khasi Khara people.
Others worry about whether they will still have the opportunity to continue their education.3.
Therefore, we would like to emphasize that the demand of the HPC should not be accepted”.
Applications can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) West Jaintia Hills.
It is here that the MLA electors should ask the MLA what they have done to bring education closer to the villages so that no one should be left behind. the United Nations or a government created by all the countries of the world to look after the welfare of people around the world.
Turning back to Rida, her promise to her Niakha to tell her, surprised and upset her.
We will not accept this at all," he said.
Emanbha Marbaniang scored four goals in 20 minutes in the 74th, 79th, 87th and 90+5th minutes.
“Whether they are men or women or Sengbhalang or anyone else, I request them not to commit excessive acts.
Rupang interviews Bah Joe Marwein, former President of the Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), on the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP).
It is worth mentioning that this is the second time that the KSU has awarded this award to the students of Ri Bhoi District. chess in various courses, including SSLC, HSSLC, Degree and Phd.
Nongpoh: Speaking to the residents of Dondral Village, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, on Tuesday said that the KJCE Union LP School in Dondral Village has concluded its School Week. That as a leader, he has a strong desire to deliver more special development projects to the villages on the border with Assam, especially to the villages on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that 838 samples have been taken so far and 714 people have tested negative for Covid-1 They are still waiting for the results of their tests.
Kichcha Sudeep, one of the prominent Telegu film actors, has decided to enter politics and join the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) ahead of the upcoming elections. in Karnataka.
The Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the behavior of the Member of Parliament is not appropriate especially during the Governor's speech. the Governor's speech in English was already available and distributed to all members of the House.
He said that the purpose of awarding and recognizing the achievements of the youth is to promote them as stars and inspiration to others.
She said that the message of Bah Pynshngaiñ was harsh and threatening to her, so she demanded that he should apologize to her.
In the earlier days, people didn't know how to spread stories about the internet. People were surprised or like a dream that was in the future to spread stories about the internet.
After this, they were collected at the same place where vehicles – owned by smugglers) came to carry these byrni before transporting them back to heavy trucks weighing more than 20 MT.Ïa All these were done only when the BSF and BGB troops were away from home in the middle of their services so as not to mislead them.
Nangbah Dukhu beat Caroline Colony 2-0 and Khliehmynkrem beat Maitshaphrang Mowtyrshiah 3-1 on Tuesday.
The owner of the vehicle, said that he saw that the vehicle started, but he did not think that they were thieves and he thought that it might be his brother. do not intend to move the vehicle.
Speaking to media after the announcement of the General Election 2024, Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar urged the residents to be vigilant and use the app to report if there is any who violate the election rules by many activities.
The meeting appointed S Syngkrem and El Dkhar as Conveners for the establishment of the Women's Wing.
They alleged that according to the bank account of the Hima Mylliem, Pa'iem Latho has withdrawn a large amount of money which has not been counted and has not appeared in the bank account. Cash book of the kingdom.
Shillong Lajong have won 10 points against Mohammedan SC and now have to prepare for another match against Neroca FC from Manipur to be played at on the 9th of this month at the SSA Stadium, Shillong at 2 pm.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday raised flags and banners in several places. Shillong, as a sign of protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 (CAA).
He said that the government has set up a Central Agricultural University for the benefit not only to the students of the state to train in agriculture, but also to the students of the state. It is also the source of employment for the youth of the state.
It is for this reason that they understand that once there are no owners, the work is not right.
Shillong, Iaiong 26 : There has been a complaint from the public that there are people who use bombs, pesticides, jar/tyngsong and other methods of hunting. the tribes that lived in the river Rimen, which passed through the cities; It was also learned that there is illegal logging without understanding and responsibility in these villages. Malai Sohmat Syiemship and Bhowal Syiemship in East Khasi Hills District; public health.
“If you all stop working, how much will happen to the whole state,” said Bah Sanbor.
AIS Suja“Let us rebuild the wall of Jerusalem so that we will not be a shame anymore”.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: While the election of the new MLAs of the state has reached the day when the people will decide by exercising their right through 10 votes, the turnout of the voters has been witnessed. The polling station has started on Thursday and Saturday but the seizure of commercial vehicles from rural areas to urban areas and other areas has seen You don't have a lot of trouble because you don't have a car like you used to have all the trouble.
During the beauty pageant, the participants will have to go through training on thinking in their minds, speaking to the public and self-confidence.
He said that it is for this reason that the water from these car washes flows into the main roads and causes more damage to the road than the rain.
“Five years ago many villages in Tura faced water shortage, but my government has been able to alleviate this problem of the people.
The road from Umpung to Pyndensohsham has been in existence since the time of Bah PK Raswai and has been constructed for about two kilometers but later it was changed to PMGSY road from Umpung to Pyndensohsham. Pyndensohsham is about 2.496 km long according to the signboard at a cost of T.278.886 lakh and the maintenance for five years is at a cost of T.32.951 lakh.
“A clear statement on the day we conclude the first Wat of our strike and we want to make this clear statement that listen to our demand or we will fight strongly with the people but before we get there “Listen, don't be afraid like the government,” he said.
Speaking to media, Bah PK Shullet said that CCORMAU's protest is against the central government's violence in introducing this bill without consulting the affected people.
She said that the government's theft of the land of the poor is like they are no longer the owners of the state because the owners of the state need the land.
MLAs should know how to understand the budget and ask why more money is allocated to one department and less to another.
He said that their visit was to gather information on how the Council is doing.
Nongpoh, July 04: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in Ri Bhoi District, today condemned the trafficking of a child into prostitution at Marvelene's Inn, Ri Bhoi District. expressed its deep sorrow over this incident and strongly condemned those involved in this illegal act, which is against human rights.
Shillong, Jymmang 11 : The Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjir, on Tuesday said that the State Government is now ready to host one of the biggest sports tournaments in India. Games in 2025.
But know that Satan is not now in hell but in heaven, in a place called the second heaven.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare recently launched the book 'Kids, Vaayu and Corona: Who Wins the Fight?' to disseminate information among children about the coronavirus.
Bah Shylla said that he has started the Kyrmen Foundation which he has set up to help those who urgently need blood.
These are only employees of the Government,” said Bah Nongrum.
“The soldiers should vote in their own villages, not in this state,” said Bah Mawsor.
Those who have illnesses understand the condition of the body and the symptoms of physical illness, weight loss or weight gain and changes in the color of the skin, respiratory illnesses, fever and others. that sign that shin.
However, in the meeting, the DC said that it is not his responsibility, but the MUDA's responsibility. a clear decision on this issue, and the action is a violation of the rights of the people.
The area of ​​Garo Hills is 8084 sq. km.
Police believe the mortar shell belonged to the Army troops and was washed away in the floods from the army headquarters in Sikkim on Tuesday.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that the situation in the state in relation to covid 19 is not good, due to the rapid increase in the number of Covid-19 cases in the state. These two days, but to raise the question of re-implementation of the curfew in the state will not arise, but the government can implement the strict rules to prevent the spread of Covid-1
Foreigners from other states of India as well as from abroad have also attended the tournament.
In the final match, Mukhla Umlangshor beat Tympang 3-0
At the same time, the union has informed the Minister of Education to direct the relevant authorities to set up a MTET Center for the students living in Patharkhmah. or Jirang to make it easier for the students who write the examination because at present, those who sit for the MTET examination have to go to Nongpoh to write the examination besides it being a long distance.
(3) Three months before calving, the pig should be vaccinated and kept in a clean and dry farrowing pen if available or kept alone in one room.
If we consider those events as recorded in the Bible , especially in the book of Genesis , to be the Gospel Truth , how can we reject those events that have been told among us ? The Jewish nation is said to be descended from Abraham and we believe this because it is written that we should not use the wisdom that God has given us as mentioned in Ecclesiastes 3:1 and isn't it time that the parables surrounding these puriskam mentioned above should be fulfilled for the glory of the Creator?
When asked what he used to sell before he opened the shop, Donbok said that before he opened the shop, he gave it to Md.Riaz. “Since he built the shop, he has been living alone, we don't count the rent, he just gives as much as he can, we are like a family,” he said.
On the border, they said that all this is due to the lack of attention from the MPs, MLAs and MDCs not only the new ones, but also the leaders in the past years as well.
This decision was taken at an emergency meeting held at Khanduli village in Namdong C&RD Block on Friday.
Therefore, the Seng leader said that the Seng will try to meet and discuss with the higher authorities in this regard and at the same time the Seng has demanded that The government has decided to upgrade the PHC which serves more than 35 villages in the area with a population of more than 10,0
He is in charge of the Anti-Human Trafficking Units in Shillong, Jowai and Tura.
We also see that if there are allegations of corruption against one of the political party leaders who have nothing to do with the BJP, those allegations and even the investigations also disappear as soon as they join the BJP. as a power that cleanses the wicked.
The race was inaugurated by the Chief Guest, Bah Kitbok Kharlukhi, Sports Secretary, RBYF Eastern Zone, in the presence of Youngminds Leaders, Bah Lover Lyngdoh. Adviser, President, Richard Lyngdoh Secretary and other leaders of the area.
The residents of the villages are satisfied with the pipes that are now running to distribute water.
The Ujjwala scheme has set an example for the world on access to clean electricity.
There are 7 crore poor people in the world who have been affected by the pandemic, of which 5.6 crore are Indians alone.
This can lead to injuries and diseases due to the unclean air and this will affect the health not only of these residents, but also of the people. who is outside spirit.
At the same time, they also spoke about helping to get the order from the President, regarding 12 A (B) of the Six Scheduled according to the Constitution of India and many others. These are the issues of the State and the development of the region as a whole.
If it is a job that really requires doing those things, why doesn't just giving money become a job without having to do those things? When those jobs cannot be provided only with money, isn't it a scheme to make money? Of course, there is a slight need in some cases, so the government through the Transport Department should improve it. and to expedite the public when they go to need any work as done in other government departments and it should set a time for the employees to complete the work within that day, not to allow brokers or office workers to commit illegal activities and to punish such illegal activities.
Due to poor policies and practices, there is a shortage of food.
In this incident, the driver of the Maruti Eco, Anshu Kumar (20), died shortly after being hit by the truck while cleaning the vehicle after cleaning with another vehicle. The driver of the auto rickshaw was seriously injured and was rushed to Civil Hospital Nongpoh. The injuries were shifted to Shillong Hospital for further treatment.
The author hoped that the publication of this book would go to the fees of the poor children studying in schools and colleges.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that a meeting of all political parties in the MDA coalition government will be convened soon before taking a decision to nominate candidates for the election. Prestone said that he personally feels that it is necessary to elect a joint candidate, but this has to be discussed within the synrop.
“Therefore, I request the people who have returned from abroad to cooperate with this decision of the government and request you not to return to the state from the 1st to the 7th of each month of from November to November,” said Bah Tynsong.
East Bengal FC in the first half of the match changed their schedule.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh admitted that there had been a telephone conversation with the KHNAM leaders earlier but it had not sent a letter for a meeting.
He said that the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh has affected the beef producers as well as the beef consumers due to the increase in the price of beef.
Your kyiad is for bunjait.
Police from Teknaf Police Station said that a boat, which sank in the water last day, but it is not known how many people were on board the boat. The ship was thrown into the Bay of Bengal.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of Water Resources, Meghalaya, encouraged the youth of the area who have been able to showcase their talents. They should not be treated like they have shown publicly at this forum but should be young people who use their talents properly so that it will be a blessing and support for their future in the country. tomorrow is the day.
Dr Donkupar said that initially, the number of MLAs to support the overthrow of the government had reached 32, but now when they entered the House, no one supported them.
Where will our nation go if we continue to be forgetful and ignorant of our own nation?
On the other hand, during this LOCKDOWN, we can't go to work, work or earn, this LOCKDOWN has affected the budget of all the citizens of MEGHALAYA. Please forgive us. THANK YOU VERY MUCH FROM THE RESIDENTS OF MEGHALAYAPlease forgive the bill light for 6 months.
In the first raid on 11th November 2019, the team recovered 4.2 gms of heroin from a vehicle number ML-10A-4268 from Moopala and arrested four persons. Their names are Kyrshan Syrti, Trusty Latam, Ferdinand Pale and Chanmi Patwet.
As one of the journalists in the state, I have witnessed myself in some places where there have been deaths of Kobid Khat Khyndai patients but one of the incidents that I have felt cold is The burial of three bodies at Mawlynrei village on Tuesday 24th June and on this day three bodies were buried at the same Lum Jingtep of the Catholic Church.
The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, has also lifted the curfew on the houses of Maya Kaur and Janki Kaur in Plot I, Block A, Sweeper Colony, Mawlonghat. The house of Baldeep Singh in Plot I, Block A, will continue to fall under the closure.
These companies install towers around the area to provide telephone communication.
He said that the party has not yet decided on the MP candidate and they still have to discuss and think carefully with the State Election Committee before taking the best decision.
The State Government will provide T.3000 each to those students or workers, who are about 3,000 outside the State, during these days of curfew.
O Chief Minister and Minister of Electricity, why do you sell us Khasi and Jaintia to private companies? Why don't you learn from the great income you have received from Garo Hills? If you hand over these two circles to the company, what will happen to the thousands of state employees who are not employed by MeECL? The future of the power sector in the state is bleak and uncertain.
Truth can differ from Truth and in religion or theology Truth usually refers to the truth of God and creation.
Regarding the construction of the BDO's office, Bah Renikton also expressed his special thanks to the Minister in charge of the C&RD Department of the State Government for allocating special funds. for the benefit of the people of the area and for the employees to be able to carry out many tasks.
The photographer sustained serious head injuries when the robbers threw stones at him and threatened to kill him.
Speaking on Kyrmen Shylla, Metbah said, “We have seen that in the last four years, the MLA of Khliehriat has tried his best to provide services to the people”.
“We have also told the DC and DTO of EJHD that we as four organizations are ready to assist their office at any time they need our members for “Implement our demand,” said Bah S Ryngkhlem.
However, there are those who say that the desire for a Khasi to become Chief Minister doesn't bring about ethnic tension and doesn't make sense because in that struggle for a Khasi Chief Minister, you have to join and support them. large political parties including other ethnic groups such as Garo and non-tribal.
He reminded that in these years of Covid-19 there are many challenges but in the way of working through the use of technology it has been possible to run the work smoothly.
Implementing the directive of the state government, the Dorbar Shnong Darrang has decided to temporarily close the Darrang Tourist Spot from today.
The incident took place in Barmer district of Rajasthan.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 18: The residents of Nongumbah, Darephang, Nongspung and other villages in Kyrshai area are on the border with Assam. Rambrai Hima while Darephang and Nongumbah are the villages under Raidmynsaw.
The G20 meeting of Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors of these countries to be held in Bengaluru comes after the benefits of the G20 meeting. The meeting was held in April last year, in connection with the discussions to curb the rise in commodity prices due to the war in Ukraine which has been going on since June last year.
In Pool-A, Ladrymbai BSC beat Musniang SC 2-0 on Tuesday.
There are about 350 students including principals and teachers.
She also admitted that the ownership of Barato has been confirmed by the islands that the residents of Maitdein have to apply for land to build houses, schools, churches and burial grounds after they requested and approved by the town of Barato.
Shillong, Naitung 4: It is shocking to see the jyrwit that has happened in KHADC in recent days and this happened after detailed information was collected through the Right to Information (RTI) Act. .
In the state, it has been seen that the state government has made great efforts to promote tourism in the last few years by presenting to the world the value of natural resources but has forgotten about the culture or the culture. Alert even.
The law to complain against husbands is in force in four US states: Hawaii, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota and Utah. They find that the breakdown of the marriage is due to unfair reasons or fraud.
They have heard that these agricultural scientists come to train only in the urban areas and the training to the urban is meaningless.
The most famous tourist attractions in this village include the Latang Valley, the Cave and the Thwai Thlen Valley.
The union also expressed its gratitude to the Officer-in-Charge of Mawlai Police Station for taking the initiative to immediately send the Traffic Police to withdraw all the trucks from Ryndang Briew.
In 2021-22, 7 Community Reserves have been set up and a total of 81 Community Reserves have now reached 6,810.798 hectares.
“It was found that these children are only Dkhars or foreigners, they don't know their father or their mother,” said a statement from Sngiphyrnai Kurbah-Sngi, Lumphang of Skhem Rympei.
Of these 27, two have been released, one is a child and the other is an elderly person, the report said. One youth from Madanryting and two others were seriously injured.
“The soldiers strongly condemn the actions of the police and demand that the police should be punished.
The owners of the house were aware of the incident until they found that the door of the house had been locked. the storage space, he was no longer there and when they went to check the car, they found it gone, after which they found that the money had also been stolen.
The MCLCCE has given the government 14 days to complete the work.
She said that according to their information, there are several departments that take classes for men at the Boys Hostel and one of the physical problems is that men and women have to go to the toilet together.
Nongpoh: The KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) today confirmed its Mawlong Pyllun Unit and the office bearers and members of the unit were inaugurated by Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of the KSU , Sengkmie, in the presence of Biangbor Paliar, Vice President of KSU Sengkmie, Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of NKHD Unit and other senior leaders of KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit and KSU Nongpoh Circle.
Both of them have scored 50 or more runs for the team.
“I am confident that the inspection of Khanduli and Psiar in the last month of April will bring results because after that we will think about how to educate the people.
Auspicious L Mawphlang, former President of NEHU Students Union, said that a group of his friends have been deeply saddened by the backwardness of the state in many areas from poverty, employment, agriculture, student problems and other issues.
Another committee is known as the Indira Gandhi Birth Centenary Implementation Committee and has 12 members including Sheila Dixit, Motilal Vora, Mukul Wasnik and others.
“For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world” (1 John 5:4).
“What we want to inform them all is that the government has done its best and of course the rainfall will improve this situation.
Dr Engam Pame, Director, CBC, Shillong, Dr Moushumi Dey, Lecturer, Department of History, Women's College, Shillong as Resource Person who spoke on 'Unknown Heroes' Executive Members of the Dorbar Khliehnong, Sohra, teachers, students and guests.
The employees of MEMRIWU have been on strike for three days.
No one was injured on either side and SF-10 police were on high alert in the area to avoid any escalation.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday met with the CEM of JHADC to introduce the Protection and Promotion of Traditional Medicine Act. Kobiraj is a doctor and provides medicines in Jaintia Hills.
He said that the purpose of the program is to educate the public not to fall into counterfeit goods, but to know their rights and the accuracy of the goods they buy and eat. Every day, citizens can also complain if they find suspicious goods through this app on their mobile phones.
This is the exploitation of the income of the small and weak groups of people by others who are strong and who struggle to maintain their power in certain areas of need.
He recalled that there was a meeting of MLAs from the Catholic Church in the past few days convened by the Archdiocesan Board of Education, the branch of the church in Goa to discuss their demands. .
“I have already spoken to the TMC General Secretary in charge of Meghalaya Manas Bhunia and I have asked for time to meet to discuss whether it will be in Shillong or I will go to Kolkata,” he said.
?"“Yes, you are.
The decision of the synod will also suspend Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit who has contested the election this time.
These shopkeepers have expressed their surprise at this action of the government which has called and expelled them now and what they are worried about is that it accuses them of illegally occupying.
Police also confirmed that they had evicted those who were in the Red Fort and gathered at the place and hoisted the Indian flag.
The Dorbar Shnong Ialong has decided to temporarily close down the Ialong Park and Um-Dalong Fish Sanctuary until further notice.
The inspection was led by Samla Ksanborlang Thabah (General Secretary KSU South Central East Circle) and other Circle Leaders. Ostarnic Marbaniang, Organizing Secretary KSU CEC. During the raid, the KSU CEC found dozens of road workers without permits and some of them had expired syrnot but these companies did not push them. renewed and continue to implement.
In a statement sent by KJFA President Comfrey Rajee, “As far as we can understand, the price of urea (nitrogen), single super sulphate (SSP), Diammonium Phosphate (DAP), Moriate of Phosphate (MoP) and Indofil (Biochemical Pesticide) will be available at market or subsidy prices.
The village together with the BSF troops should hold meetings from time to time to explain to the residents of the border area to avoid such incidents in the coming days.
Speaking at the meeting, Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS said that smoking and drinking tobacco is a path to drugs, as well as a threat to drugs. This World No Tobacco Day and the awareness campaign on the harmful effects of tobacco will help school children and the public as well to bring about behavior change to reduce the consumption of tobacco. He recalled that last year, 398 schools held rallies in East Jaintia Hills and 312,893 schools held rallies. Signatures have been collected and more than 24,950 school children have taken part in the public awareness campaign on the harmful effects of tobacco. “We are proud of the state and we will do anything to protect this beautiful Meghalaya from the dangers of tobacco,” said Abhilash Banarwal.
Among other things, this bad air is more dangerous for children, poor women, smokers, the elderly and especially those who already have physical problems.
The newspaper quoted a PTI report as saying that the victims were in Meghalaya, not Mizoram.
At the same time, a supporter of Lamare SC, who went to shoot the Linesman, but at the same time, some police saw that he had touched the linesman. At that time, the police arrested him and took him to the police station.
According to the residents of the area, they have had many inspections conducted by the authorities in the past and they have also given suggestions on how to allocate land. and they shall dwell in safety.
Gracie Nandy won the title of Miss Personality and Denice Kharkongor won the title of Miss Photogenic.
The six APHLC leaders who left for Delhi met with Prime Minister Nehru on the 4th and 5th.
We should be aware that even our own water is no longer drinkable and we buy water in plastic bottles.
They have been charged under Section 4 (1) of the POCSO Act.
Bah Phanbuh has requested the leaders to help him in this regard and said that the MDC of the area has visited the house. Jowai: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today held a meeting at the Infinity Conference Hall to renew the office bearers of the Jowai Circle.
Twenty-seven members and leaders of the Nongpoh Circle including Bah Ricky Majaw as President, Babitnam Pamshong as Vice President, Precious Khymdeit General Secretary and others were confirmed as President. FKJGP Vice President Kitboklang Nongphlang, FKJGP NKHD President Luistar Lyngdoh, FKJGP NKHD President Luistar Lyngdoh, Lumlang Mawnai Senior Vice President FKJGP FKJGP NKHD, Noah Khongstid Asst.Secretary FKJGP NKHD and other members.
Shillong, Nailar : The Joint Director of Health Services (SS), Shillong, on Tuesday said that no one has received the body of a deceased patient named Santosh Kashi. , 57 years old, resident of Sartapur, Goalpar, Assam.
The men's and women's teams that won four gold medals in the tournament were: Open Teams: Jaggy Shivdasani, Joyjit Sensarma, Sandeep Thakral, Raju Tolani, Ajay Khare, Sumit Mukherjee, Rajeshwari TiwariMixed Teams: Kiran Nadar, B Satyanarayana, Himani Khandelwal, Rajeev Khandelwal, Marianne Karmakar, Sandeep KarmakarWomen Team: Asha Sharma, Puja Batra, Alka Kshirsagar, Bharati Pair Dey, Hemant Hemant, Virdhya Gur , Pranab Bardhan, Badal Das, Sukamal Das, Subrata Saha.
Dikanchi also lost in the constituency where she leads as an MLA, Mahendraganj with 11,201 votes while Conrad received 12,301 votes and beat her by 1,100 votes.
Referring to the MR's claim that the government has handed over the investigation to the political department, Bah Donbok said that this action of the government is to destroy the witnesses to protect the those involved he said.
You pray the prayer of prosperity.
Other MLAs who took part in the debate were Dr Mukul Sangma, Azad Zaman, Process T. Sawkmie, Ampareen Lyngdoh, George B Lyngdoh, S Mominin, Saleng A Sangma and Adelbert Nongrum.
Regarding this protest, it was also reported that the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima as well as the Ministers have met with the tympew vendors to inform them about this protest as it will disrupt the traffic, sale and purchase of tympew. The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima has sent forward the proposal to build a Police Booth on the footpath.
Uttarakhand Chief Minister Pushkar Singh Dhami has said that the heavy rains in the state have caused a huge loss of more than T .1,000 crore.
Shillong: Police have arrested five persons from the same household as Boris Marngar, who was buried alive by his relatives in West Khasi Hills. on the 7th of March 2020 at Nongdisong.
Shillong: AICC Secretary Zenith Sangma today alleged that the Chief Minister, Cohnrad K Sangma, has passed the Farm Bill introduced by the BJP government in Parliament without reading it. to this Bill.
Therefore, we are stingy in this regard but the money has to be paid in installments or gradually up to 20 times,” said Mondal. .100 crore and now you have the opportunity to increase the amount.
Referring to the low paid of the ruling ARPA, Adelbert Nongrum said that in the last session, the Opposition had brought about a lack of confidence in the House, but from the The ARPA won and this time too he said he wanted to see the strength of power in the House.
She said that not only will she continue to work without hesitation in any form of authority whether it is the authority of the Government of India or the State Government.
At this meeting, the union leaders presented their demands to the officers of the electricity department in Nongpoh, including the Junior Engineer of the Revenue who explained about the new rules and regulations. to the public to pay their electricity bill.
This was confirmed after a meeting between the leaders of the Seinraij Jowai, CNI Market Committee and the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang on Tuesday.
The new dorbar hall will be completed after two and a half years or 30 months.
He said that at present, the state has been able to replace up to 450 million units (total) of electricity consumed by the state during the rainy season and during the dry season. doesn't.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 30: The delay of the government in inspecting the land and villages in the Langpih sector, for the purpose of reaching an agreement with the Assam government, has caused a lot of concern among the Assam government. the people who live in the villages in the area.
Such people should be arrested and severely punished.
Shillong, July 08: BSF troops in Nongjri, East Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya have seized a Bangladeshi currency worth 3.4 lakh taka while a Bangladeshi was smuggling. They entered India from Bangladesh last night.
Sources said that the four men (two in one house and two in another) were carrying knives and pistols, and no heavier weapons were seen. however, it was suspected that others waiting outside had powerful weapons.
At present, Red Bull is still using V6 Turbo Hybrid engines developed by its former partner; from Honda in Japan.
He said that the incident on Thursday has shocked and prompted the Council to think again and even to ask for weapons from the Council members to arrest those who fight against the Council. law.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 30: One of the leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Ranikor Circle today resigned as the Adviser of the UDP Ranikor Circle and the RCDC. In a letter sent to the party, the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Ranikor Circle, South West Khasi Hills District, said that his resignation from the post and the party is not for any reason. but it was for his personal reasons.
An example is Manipur where the conflict continues even after less than three months.
Conrad said the bill will be submitted to the political parties and civil society groups and the final decision will be taken after discussions with all the parties. who are involved in the negotiation of understanding.
Entry forms can also be obtained from the offices of the BDOs of Mairang and Mawthadraishan Block during working hours and the deadline for submission of the required documents to the offices of the BDOs will be on the 31st. Oct. 23, 2023.
From time to time, foreigners have been arrested in many villages, where foreigners working without proof of where they came from have been arrested.
The bags containing the sugar were recovered after the smugglers hid in a house with the intention of smuggling to Bangladesh.
Sandhiya scored the first goal through Indumathi Kathiresan.
Only five survived, People who loved God, All died in destruction, Without mercy.
According to the inquiry report, it was found that Bah Muktieh had completed his duties at the sentry post, Umïam under ITD Cementation (India Limited) and after that he entered the sub-station.
Hundreds of supporters of the party from Mairang attended the ceremony.
They know that before they entered the Assembly they could not walk away from the people without the trust of the people, but when we look back in these days we see clearly that money has turned the people into a source of income. how can you know or not know the law?
When this reporter visited the area, it was found that many of the truck drivers were surprised when they were ordered to pay tax. Other goods from Ri-War have been charged T.50 tyngka. Small trucks carrying rice from Shillong to Sharum have been charged T.50 tyngka. he also collected T.100 tyngka.
This also shows the desire for power of Assam without respecting the power of the Dorbar Shnongs in the border area.
He was not afraid even of the Jewish leaders and rulers of his day such as the Pharisees, Sadducees, Sanhedrin whom His fellow Jews feared to death.
Lajong and Mawlai have the hope of qualifying after winning the semi final of the first round on Saturday.
I believe you too have seen as I have seen that the inheritance of parents lives in poverty and a household that is only a small household but in the inheritance of the children it is better.
However, after five days of quarantine, he (Hek) was tested again and found positive,” said Dr War. unhap shuwa to stay at home for 10 days.
He said that when he was a member of the Sengbhalang, the company had offered him to take a sub contract. He said that instead of working on the road, they dug the stone. it is misused because instead of completing it within five years, they have not done anything.
The dorbar was held earlier, in which the residents of Shella Village, who are outside the village, also attended.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 07: The District Level Awareness Program of the World Day Against Trafficking was held on Tuesday at the Conference Hall DC Office Nongstoiñ.
Cyrus' victory and the fall of the Persian Empire was a blessing to the Jews because the Persian Empire freed them from Babylon and allowed them to return to their homeland.
There are some who have thrown the last stick, this is wrong.
She said that five districts in the state have been selected to implement the Upscale Aapada Mitra scheme where in Ri Bhoi up to 100 Community Volunteers have been selected. Training on how to protect or provide emergency assistance in case of disasters and youths from NYK, Home Guard, Civil Defense who have been trained in this field will provide training to those Community Volunteers.
Besides these office bearers, the High Level Committee has also elected the Chairman in charge of the Districts and Circles.
He said that after receiving the report, the committee will discuss with all the members and consider what the committee should do which it will send to the government. .
It is likely that the PDF will be able to win another four MLAs if it gets enough candidates in the 2023 elections.
“Do not put your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help” (Psalm 146:3).
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said that these two Hydro Power Projects have signed a Memorandum of Agreement (MoA) with the Government. Meghalaya and electricity generation companies have been involved for a long time.
The Forum also requested the state government through the Forest Department and the NECBDC to take any assistance so that the siej can be replanted in the forest, he added.
The Hindu festival started on the 10th and ended today with the immersion of the idols.
Shillong, Naitung 11: Two youths, Ranty Daimary, 27, and Gubalang, have had a heated argument on the 10th of this month. Daimary, there was a heated argument between the two, and from this argument resulted in a tragic incident in which Ranty stabbed Gubalang with a sdie. 10th at Miangmawdar village, West Khasi Hills.
He added that the match will not be easy as Lajong will play at home.
On Tuesday, 318 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the death toll to 1497 in the state.
The death toll has risen to 770 and the number of new cases has risen to
Regarding the camp, Jain said it is the responsibility of the government. He said the government will take a decision where to keep them. The Government has not intended to relocate them to Khasi Hills or Garo Hills, but is still considering a suitable place to relocate them.
C.Niangrai DTO, Nongstoin and others.
The President of FKJGP said that the two parties have informed the ADC that since this news came out, they will no longer allow 12 or 14 shaka trucks to enter the border. Mawlai, while other trucks will be allowed to enter only from 7:00 to 11:00 pm and 2:00 to 4:00 pm.
Shillong: The Cardiology Department of NEIGHRIMS Hospital today said that the Cardiology Department has failed to provide assistance to the poor patients as directed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. There are two complaints sent by the Prime Minister's Office, because the patients have to pay a high price, to buy medicines and other items they need, that they have to thied from those who die.
The A'chik Youth Welfare Organization (AYWO) Baghmara, on 26th June, met with the Deputy Commissioner of the district to lodge a complaint and demand urgent action on the destruction of these two rivers. of the whole region.
The Dorbar Shnong of Ramakrishna Sohra through its Relief Camp has distributed food items to the poor families.
Tynsong said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and he have left for Delhi in the past few days and as a sign of respect they have met with the President of the country, the Droupadi Murmu and other leaders including Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman.
The meeting was conducted by Phrangsngi Sutnga, Convener Volunteer for Jaintia Hills who explained the purpose and objectives of the meeting, while Dayoophi Iakai, Convener Volunteer for Jaintia Hills explained about the activities that will follow. Interview with the Heads of Food and Supply, West Jaintia Hills.
New Delhi: Since the implementation of the new Motor Vehicle Act, it is now the responsibility of a truck driver to pay a fine of T.2 lakh. most so far, which has been taken from the drivers.
HUCC, which won the toss, did not own the ball and allowed Chutwakhu to tie.
International tourist arrivals in India, compared to the world tourist arrivals, are only 0.21 per cent and foreign tourist arrivals are only 0.65 per cent.
Therefore, most of the celebration programs are only by the eyes of the leaders.
The JSU also asked the MLAs of Jaintia Hills whether they have seen the deterioration of these roads or whether they travel by plane to and from Shillong Jowai.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday dismissed a case related to the sale of land.
On the other hand, the DMHO West Khasi Hills, Dr.SA Lyngdoh, had to suspend the service.
I believe that not only has Ri Lum Garo already prepared its own Mini Secretariat but it has also prepared its own Raj Bhavan or special house for the Governor of Meghalaya. state.
Tynsong said the committee has extended the deadline until the end of this month due to the difficulties in completing the meeting due to the heavy rains.
The Union Minister in charge of Sports and other dignitaries delivered speeches at the opening ceremony of the Symposium.
In his speech, Sangma recalled that at the time of the formation of the NPP, he said, “There are many who doubt the existence of the NPP, which they believe will never succeed. I will not be able to do it for a year.
Religion teaches man to live a perfect life so that he can reach Godhood.
(Arise now, and smite all the unbelievers, by destroying all that they have, and spare them not, but slay them, both man and woman, child and infant, cattle and sheep.
I don’t want you to just lose your life to this terrible virus.
There are also centers for Muslims.
According to the company manager, Bamaniya said that Chauhan was abducted by unidentified persons who broke into the workplace to look for diesel fuel. their car ran out of oil.
Dangri Phawa, who scored a hat-trick, scored four goals in the 19th, 45th, 56th and 65th minutes.
He said that Zorpa Export Pvt Ltd is the marketer of flowers in the state.
At the same time, no one has been ordered to visit gyms, cinemas, entertainment venues, bars and other public places.
You have to have the determination to spend time playing and studying,” said Kong Kurbah.
When asked about the population in Jhalupara, Prakash said that according to the polling station, there were about 3,500 voters and most of them were Nepalis. He said that since the beginning most of the residents of Jhalupara are Nepalis who were born and raised in the state who are considered to be full citizens of the state even though they are Nepalis. that bar state spirit.
It is learned that the house belongs to Bah Shanbok Mawphniang and Kong Balari Nongrum. The owners of the house do not know why the house caught fire. hi especially.
As part of this programme, a public hearing was also held where a doctor from the college spoke among the students on the harmful effects of tobacco use on 30th June
The meeting was held at the KSU office in Nongpoh in the presence of KSU President Ferdinand K Kharkamni, Vincent Makri, Secretary and others. Members of AMKA under the leadership of President Bah BS Teron, Bah Moris Ingti, Secretary and Adviser Bah OL Teron and other leaders to discuss the attack on Khasi in Block-II. Teron said the party is deeply saddened by the attacks by the Karbi rebels against the Khasi Khara residents in Block II. “We strongly condemn such violence and robbery by the KPLT against the Khasi in Block II,” he said.
This raises many questions and they remain in the dark.
The Sixth Schedule will be available soon if the District Council allows this to happen,” he said.
The nation is lagging behind because it cannot provide for itself what it needs.
A study conducted by the University of Oulu in collaboration with hundreds of swimmers found that swimming in rivers can lower blood pressure, fight colds and headaches and also swimmers they are better able to control their thoughts than others.
suki-pa-suki: to be able to speak, to be able to act quickly without haste.
To do such a thing as the life and death of the people has been not only a misleading of the future generations but the worst precedent in the history of the State.
The purpose of the robbery is not yet known, but it is suspected that there was an intention to steal the items inside the ïit.
This is part of the celebration of the National Day.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Umladkhur and the kurs who have donated 15 acres of land for the construction of the school.
“For decades, I have been here in Mawphlang, since I was Asstn.
“The expenditure of money in the preparation for the elections is terrible because where does that money come from and where do they collect what they have spent?” he added. Everyone should think when we vote because the election is not just a spectacle or to mislead the public but it is the responsibility of us to think far ahead about the future of the State.
Speaking to u SP, Davis NR Marak, he said that Michael Pakynteiñ was arrested at Lumdiengjri Police Station today.
Until now, the Pastor said he is still collecting information on the Indian VISA for Missionaries.
Ardent also criticized the state government for misleading the people through the resolution passed by the state legislature on 19th November last year, which shifted the responsibility to implement the the ILP to the Central Government.
The order was issued for the benefit of all, said the Deputy Commissioner.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, did not comment on the case.
To date, Rishot Sawkher has been erected in front of the Sad House in Smit, East Khasi Hills as a sign of respect for the Sawkher/Basan, who were the founders of the Shillong Hima.
God speaks of it as the Promised Land to the children of Israel.
A group of 100 Rangbah left their homes to look for Bah Jop who had not returned home that night.
On the other hand, the CEM said that apart from the maintenance and new construction, the government has allocated funds from the G 20 fund through the PWD building but Rs 4 crore has been allocated for the new estimate including the roads. The Heritage Village is the responsibility of the KHADC and through this it will create jobs for the residents.
When I say this, I don't mean that I am creating ethnic differences, but I am speaking exactly the truth that as the Hynniewtrep people we have faced, or perhaps the Garo people have faced in other areas.
Let us now look at some of the facts mentioned in the preceding paragraphs.
“These inspections will also serve as a reminder to teachers and school principals of their duties, and to instill a spirit of responsibility in them when it comes to their duties," the union said.
The employees of the MTC have demanded that the government should cancel the dismissal of the Managing Director of the department, A. Nikhla.
He said that if the government has the opportunity, it should confirm them as full time employees of the government as many of them have worked for many years.
In short, this is the movement of Hindu extremists to create “one country, language and religion.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jason S Mawlong encouraged the leaders of VO and SHGs to continue to work harder for the benefit of the women. to bring about changes in the village as a whole, so that they can set up jobs, stand on their own feet and also to be able to reach out to other women.
The proceeds of this have been shared between the government and the contractors but the question is why they don't build when they are bad and where does the money that the government has collected goes.
Shillong: On the 2nd of this month, at 9 pm, this reporter found hundreds of thousands of songs, bond papers, which were taken from the back door of the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong.
“The state government's silence is a violation of the rights of the Khasi people, in fact the government should have taken measures to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners, which poses a threat. The Government has appointed and authorized the Railway authorities to start the construction of this railway by first considering the railway. “It's the life and death of the Jaidbynriew,” said Bah Rymbai.
Shillong, Nailur 19: U Dr Mukul Sangma, former Prime Minister, has warned the leaders of the people from Ministers and MLAs to be vigilant in their relationship with each other, lest it happen like what happened to the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma. , who had taken a picture with a son of a former Mizoram MLA and the son of the former MLA was later found to be one of the kingpins of the drug traffickers.
Perhaps the most violent in Khasi society are only a few religious leaders, where even Christian brothers and sisters are violent until the breakdown of the family.
The new team is DSK Shivajains, which will be selected for the first time in the tournament along with Bengaluru FC, Mohan Bagan AC, East Bengal FC, Salgoacar FC, Sporting Club de Goa and Shillong Lajong FC. Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Principal Secretary to the State Education Department, P Srivastava, today said that the case on allegations of corruption in the appointment of LP School teachers in the state has been closed. you don't have to go to the Supreme Court.
Meanwhile, the state government has imposed a curfew in all parts of Churachandpur district – especially in Kangwal, Tuibong and Chaurachandpur sub-divisions.
The deceased were identified as Nancy Laithma, 38, Aitidabon Jeengaph, 70, Sillamery Katrai,
As of 15th November 2019, only 4450 households had received water supply in their homes but now it has reached 4,00,8
This is the first step that HANM, Women Wing, has taken to hold a strike to demand that the government should build a road for the people of the border area. Meghalaya is located in the Umtyrnga area on the border of Ri-Bhoi.
Another source from Langpih said that last month, the Regional Committee on Border Dispute of Assam, held a meeting with the Sengbhalang, elders and officials. Government in Boko to discuss the issue of demarcation in Langpih sector.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Donkupar Roy, President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said that Nongstoiñ Circle to honor the old party workers is very important and this initiative of the UDP Nongstoiñ Circle will also be a good example for others.
Both these leaders have villages within their constituency on the border between Assam and Meghalaya and also have disputed areas.
He said he thought that perhaps the death of these fish may have been due to the mistake of the flowers he planted, or that they gave some medicine to the children.
Some of the shopkeepers said that they had talked to the contractor to build as before, but he replied that he had to build according to the government's directive.
The permission from the authorities in charge of the welfare of the city has encouraged many people from the rural areas to move into the city and earn their living by trading and selling. field.
The CEO of Shillong Municipal Board, Bah BS Sohliya, said that the Municipal has already sent a letter to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to order the vendors not to throw garbage in Motphran. and if it continues to do so, it cannot hesitate to appeal to the NGT to take the necessary action.
As a community leader, he urged the youth of Patharkhmah to continue to have the spirit of working for the good of the community and as the youth, they should be responsible. He added that the village, the community and the area can continue to develop in all aspects of human life, he added.
Shortly after the repair work started, four vehicles of Assam police along with the Border Magistrate of West Karbi Anglong District, Mongve Enghi, arrived to stop the construction of the road immediately.
“I remember well that we were walking from Laitryngew to Pomsohmen when Syiem Join Manik burnt Syiem Roba,” she said.
The employees of the JHADC under the banner of the JHADC Staff Association have lodged a contempt petition No Cont.
During the visit, the MLA also held a short meeting at the office of the Swet Children's Home in Ndingdeng and the meeting was conducted by Pastor AC Lymba. There are 32 boys and 24 girls in the hospital.
“Foreigners are trying to enter this state but we will stand firm to fight to say no to foreigners to enter this state,” he said.
He was also a man who stood firm on the basis of preserving the heritage of the Khasi Khara, Hynniewskum, Hynniewtrep.
It is to be recalled that Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem has left Mawsynram constituency and handed over to Bah Alvin Sawkmie to contest the MDC election. both of them were successful.
We cannot expect the public to just buy water from individuals every day because it is expensive.
The parties have struggled to find their own candidate from each constituency.
Then Jesus reminds us, “I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me” (John 14:6).
On these issues, the government should look into this issue,” said the Speaker.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Kur Sten together with the children of Prof.H.W.Sten today commemorated the works and deeds of this great man of the nation at the residence of from Kench's Trace Shillong.
On the BJP's non-nomination...I don't have anything to say about other parties, but the biggest thing for me to do is to look at the RDA and its candidate.
They said that this driving is just a sign of pride, pride in driving skills and driving safely without thinking that it could endanger other drivers and pedestrians.
Speaking at a meeting at the market today for the laying of the foundation stone for the construction of the market, the implementation of CCTV and PA System and the inauguration of the improvement of the place of worship at Khlieh ïew, u CEM He said that the indigenous people who cannot run these shops should hand them over to the Hima Mylliem and the Hima will hand them over to the youth who do not need them.
It was not until he reached the top of Mount Shyllong, where there were four or five elders, that the reporter talked in more detail to learn about the status of kubi, muli and others.
Speaking at these two meetings, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP and Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, MP Candidate and General Secretary of the VPP, although the VPP does not have a working group, in Jowai Constituency in the last MLA election, but it was seen that the people came to listen to the speeches and also to express their support to the party which is only two years old.
In the next few months you will see a new politics and new people will come to the AITC because as a party we also want that work of Dr Mukul Sangma.
Mawsor said the meeting decided not to oppose in any way the government's plan to allow uranium mining in the state.
Shillong, July 29 : The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) on July 29, 2022 has concluded the Level O training program for umpires.
Shillong, July 06 : U HSPDP MLA and Minister of State, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar on Monday expressed his confidence that the MDA coalition government will continue even after three years.
The Seng congratulates the office of the Director of Higher and Technical Education, Meghalaya, for taking seriously this matter, by sending a complaint to the publisher of this book. by Kalyani Publisher.
Metbah also urged the government to close down the market places in different parts of the state.
Many of the residents were angry that the banks did not provide enough money even after they had stood in line for many hours but when their turn came, they were told that there was no money left.
These include 17 cases in East Khasi Hills, one soldier, one BSF personnel and 15 others.
(3) Incorrect writing of date or time on Panchnama/Charge Sheet, and other documents.
During a visit to the beautiful place in Khatdum, the union found that the pollution is unpleasant.
The DC said that the office has already sent a letter to the Project Director of NHAI PIU, Shillong for clarification on this matter.
According to the findings of the union, these illegal shops are widespread in the Khanapara area, where most of the shops are owned by foreigners. They are the shops authorized by the government, where they run the blind bill book shop, but they don't produce the books published by the government and this is the illegal act of these shops. “It has affected the people and at the same time it has been a huge loss to the government, because it does not receive the revenue it should have received,” said Gashnga.
“There has been a strong concern among the applicants who are indigenous people who have been invited to sit for their examinations in other states to prevent them from being appointed as KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that the KSU has found that this is not the first time that the applicants have been appointed as non-residents. Applicants who are indigenous people of the state have to go to sit for the examinations outside the state, which the Seng cannot allow to continue in the future.
The union has also received information that tomorrow is the special day of Christians to celebrate Good Friday and Easter Sunday. The DC of East Khasi Hills, said that there is no such thing, but the party has said that if there is no such thing, the party will not take action. said Bah Roben.
Titosstarwell won the MDC election in 2009 from the UDP and in 2013, he won the MLA election from Sohra by defeating the Congress candidate Dr PW Khongjee.
On the other hand, they requested that the branch should be opened in other places in Mawkyrwat and Ranikor so that the people who use this branch can use it. The Meghalaya Rural Bank will not be able to complete the work related to the bank because many of the people who come to this place often cannot complete the work in one day. Because it has become too crowded due to the overcrowding, this has caused a lot of damage to the people and has affected the traffic especially to those from far away villages.
In the past few days, the ATM, has been very slow, because every time the people go to withdraw money from the ATM, it is not accurate, in some cases, if When I went to withdraw money, it didn't come out like others, but the way money came out was like breaking and besides that there were cases, where money didn't come out but only slips came out. In fact, at such a time, it is very important for the people that the ATM should work properly, so that it will be convenient for the people when they intend to go to the ATM. “It will also prevent the overpayment of banks, as there is only one ATM in the area,” said Samla R.Nongtri.
The festival is about the annual migration and temporary rest of the Amur Falcon, a bird that came from Siberia, Russia, before leaving. to other parts and countries of Africa.
Earlier, Bah Shylla said that the attempted murder of Bah Lambha is not only the first time in Smit but the sixth after the murder of five people. in the same way as the Lamb was cleansed.
“I am happy and this is a happy day for all women in India and I hope that this law is for women.
The Nepali organization also protested against the buildings of the Assam Government in the area including the Lower Lumpi Police Border Outpost, the Upper Lumpi Police Border Outpost, the Kampahduli-Mawsikar road. ) and others.
In the second half, the match became more interesting as the players from both the teams fought hard to score goals and especially to become the winners of the tournament. In the end, one of the players of Nartap FC had a chance to score and which made the team the winner by beating Rongmesek SC by -0.
Mizoram Police say Laskar was a drug trafficker and was arrested on Sunday evening while entering Mizoram to smuggle drugs to Mizoram and later died on the spot. care, according to a report from Aizawl.
It is to be recalled that Nongkrem MLA, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit took the initiative to speak on the Roster System which the state government intends to implement in the state in the field of recruitment. There was no opportunity to speak on this issue in the Budget Session due to the refusal of the Speaker to allow the term of the Budget Session to come to an end.
That's good," Dhar said.
Zendaya will be awarded the Star of the Year Award at CinemaCon for her contribution to the film industry and inspiration to many talented young people. in this regard.
These are the words of the Rangbah Seng Khasi, who is the leader of Mawlongbna, before he said that he will sit down after he has told the CEM of KHADC what he wants to hear. that the incident occurred on the 12th of July.
“Many of the staff who came from 100 percent came to work only 30 percent,” said James, adding that many of the offices were empty. and there are only peons and chowkidars.
Through the legacy of the last nine decades, the ECI has come up with models for other democracies.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Two vehicles were almost burnt down last night by Mukul Sangma. At 10:30 pm at Pynthorbah, one Alto (ML05 F0081) and one commercial vehicle (ML05 7500) were hit.
The DGP said this at a meeting attended by the Chairman of the Jaïaw Pyllun Dorbar, the Lympung of Hynriew Shnong, Rangbah Shnong, Rangbah Dong, President and Secretary of the Women's Wing and Youth Associations of various villages under the jurisdiction of the Durbar Pyllun Jaïaw and also at the Lympung of Hynniew Shnong among others, held at Jaïaw Shyiap Lumpyllon Community Hall “Peace and stability in the state is the goal of all the residents,” said the DGP, adding that only the cooperation of the village leaders and the community can achieve this.
S.Maner (OC) said that it is necessary to have respect because without respect there is no need for life. He urged that through this Training Center, the youth will receive many trainings to live in knowledge. He also urged parents and youngsters to avoid fraudulent activities such as demanding money from the Internet through mobile phones. phone.
Among other things, the Minister also inspected the ongoing implementation of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme Project (Phase III).
UDP Chief Advisor Bindo M Lanong said that Meghalaya has been ruled from the east of Meghalaya or West Meghalaya and now in 2023 it is time to rule. not from the eastern part of Meghalaya or East Meghalaya.
In India, 49,000 people have been infected in the past 24 hours, including 740 deaths.
(x) to fully support young people who do not have the opportunity to start their own businesses.
The victim and the arrested are from Wahkhen.
At the same time, he said that the visit to the fish will be very successful, as there will be no shortage of medicines.
Shillong, Jymmang 08 : The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that he is not happy when there are leaders from other parties who want to join the party.
D Khongwang scored 11' for Lawmali, S Warjom 45' for Sanmer SC and K Pahsyntiew 3' for Sanmer SC.
While the CRP and troops were checking the bodies of the militants, another person was believed to have died in the shooting, but he woke up and and he smote the soldiers that were in that place.
Five others are still being tested for confirmation.
b) Khadar means the ability to run the Government, so that the Government shall act in accordance with the policies prepared before the elections.
Shillong, Nailar 13 : U Prime Minister Narendra Modi has honored the members of the athletes who participated in the Commonwealth Games (CWG) 2022 in New Delhi.
The closing date for receipt of applications is July 2, 2023.
The Minister said that the Government of India cannot wait long on this issue and can also postpone the project to Shillong and the funds will be used for other purposes. The areas that are not expected to accept this railway project.
In the semi-final of the Archery Compound Men's Team, the Chinese Taipei athletes defeated Cheng-Wei Chang, Chieh-Lun Chen and Cheng-Jui Yang by 10 points. 235–224.
Selfishness is too great in Meghalaya and therefore, we will fail in all aspects.
To develop this industry in the North East, Irani said the government has allocated T.1040 crore.
When asked, Sangma said, “This happens, they sometimes stop the maintenance, sometimes the units are bad, so the maintenance is always there.
However, these two teams will play each other for the third place in Group 2 on Tuesday.
In the year 1963, at the beginning of the year, he prepared to sacrifice two bulls, one heifer, two swords, two kdaws, one kdait, one paitur and three khaw.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 08: The office of the District Sports Officer, Mawkyrwat together with the District Level Committee of the District Promotion Society, Mawkyrwat will hold a tournament called ' Independence Day Run 2022' in Mawkyrwat.
Until now, the name of Bah Donkupar Sumer has been pending in the file of the District Council Affairs (DCA) department which has not been sent to the Governor for many months and therefore, he has not been able to sit as EM. “It is clear that it is the politics of the state government.
The shop was running and the residents praised the timely opening and the availability of essential items.
Shillong, July 16: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) has expressed its disappointment over the government's filing of 66 cases against the FKJGP leader on charges of involvement in the ILP protest. The President of the CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, said that the CSWO is surprised to learn that Bah Reginald Thabah, Assistant Publicity Secretary of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, has been arrested. (FKJGP) has been charged with 66 cases across the East Khasi Hills District.
To reduce the cost of living, the Mission will also help to open up channels through banks to help obtain up to 40% of the cost of living”.
Shillong: The Karbi ethnic groups have used bird shooting jri to intimidate the people on the border of Assam and Meghalaya for the past few months, but this time they have used khmam and ryntieh to intimidate the people. The Khasi Pnars were shot dead on the border of the two neighboring states.
The rituals include Khrong ka Khri, Choh Thyndai and Knia Khlam to ward off diseases and pests from the villages and to pray to the Creator to bless the crops. you're right.
Earlier, speaking at the meeting, Tamang said, “We need to show a sign in Delhi.
What is more, everyone was shocked and shocked by the shaking hands or comments, even though there was a stir after the meeting.
This issue is to reflect the feelings of many political parties, civil society and individuals who are concerned about the political stability and independence.
There are no crimes in Umngei Village. There are only a few people who drink Kyiad but don't drink nongrain.
Regarding the excessive failure to register land with the Revenue Department, the SKRS has also decided to meet with the Minister in charge of the Revenue Department of the State Government. to discuss and urge him to take measures to ensure that the land registration fee is reduced which has caused problems to many people.
and the rest were terrified, and gave glory to the God of heaven.
Praise also goes to the director and producer, Kamki Diengdoh who is known as one of the most prominent filmmakers in the Khasi-Jaintia community.
“The government knows better why it has not distributed this Bill to the villages,” they said in a statement.
On Cultural Protection Acts: Cultural Protection Acts such as the Lineage Bill need to be approved by the Governor.
“I want to give an example, that the police of other states, go to arrest people, who speak insultingly of any ethnic group, but the police of Meghalaya, why don't they,” he said.
There are 4,40,135 people undergoing treatment and 8,17,208 recoveries, while the death toll has risen to 30,061 with 740 deaths in the past 24 hours.
Vowing to continue their protest in the coming days, the vendors said that they do not want to take these forms and alleged that this is the right way to They demanded that the government should first survey the land.
“The AITC under the leadership and encouragement of its Chairperson Mamata Banerjee is pleased to announce the name of Zenith Sangma as the AITC candidate from the Tura Parliamentary Constituency (ST) in Meghalaya,” said a statement. you meet the Second Sunday.
“I congratulate the new President, Rikman Momin,” he said.
In this age, there are many YouTubers or YouTube broadcasters who are no longer recognized.
Vijay Sardesai, Minister of Agriculture, Goa, has sent a letter to Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar, saying, “In the Bible, there is a word that says, a bridge should be built to connect and never walls should be built.
A beautiful girl, who was going to a wedding, was so sad that she could no longer beautify herself and so she put on a gold necklace from above her headscarf.
I will look forward to your reply.
The final quarter final will be played on Saturday (28th March, 2023) at 2 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium, while the semi final will be played between S&CC Ground against Lamlynti FC Shillong. , March 27: As part of the preparation of gymnasts for the Meghalaya Games to be held in Tura in July, 2024, the Meghalaya Gymnastics Association (MGA) has conducted a Coaching Camp to train and develop the gymnasts. plan to participate in this tournament.
Therefore, the KSU Mawlai Circle does not feel the need to conduct such training or campaign against drugs, but from now on it will direct all the Units within the jurisdiction of the Mawlai Circle to They shall be responsible for monitoring and fighting against such activities regardless of whether they are drinkers or sellers.
Speeches were also delivered by Shan Kharryngki, Assistant Rangbah Shnong of Tyrsad-Umkseh, Bah Simple Rani from the Seng Samla, Bah Shalenstar Rani from the KSU Tyrsad Umkseh Unit, Bah Batkhraw. Rani from Wellbirth Rani, Erijoy Shylla from NRLM Mawphlang Block, Ibakordor Rynjah from NRLM Mawphlang Block welcome speeches.
The FKJGP will also demand that the MPSC and District Selection Committees (DSCs) should be ordered to expedite the recruitment process in various government departments.
Biden said he did not know the truth about what happened at the time, but he did not care about his death because he knew that Russia would kill him one day.
Shillong, November 06: Avner Pariat on Tuesday announced that he will contest the 2023 elections from the Voice of the People Party (VPP) from the East Shillong East constituency led by Dr M Ampareen. Lyngdoh, who won the election, has been elected to the constituency.
He also spoke about many of the initiatives implemented by the state government such as Prime Entrepreneurship, YESS Meghalaya, CM Elevate, Meghalaya Games, Grassroots Music Program among others. that young.
JSU Shillong Circle President Treiborlang R Suchen said that if the government does not listen to the demands of MEMRIWU, it means violating the rights of the people. EMRI has been providing services to patients in Meghalaya for almost 40 years and urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to listen to the concerns of these employees as many of them are owners. the owner of the country.
He said that at the meeting, the government has decided to impose a curfew in six districts in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Weighing participants on September 2, 2023 will start at 12 noon.
Post Name:- Assistant Engineer (Civil)No of posts:– 12Department:- Public Health Engineering Department.
Hoood when we talk about the lockdown we can't say that it has affected many churches not only the poor or the rich this has affected even the income of the government but the government has to but what I mean is that we should agree with what the government has done.
He expressed his regret that the government has forgotten and failed to help the people in this regard.
“Politics is more surprising.
Shillong, March 19: The party is ready for the Lok Sabha and MDC elections, said Vincent H. Pala, President of the MPCC on Friday. which will be the year 2024.
This day is the 119th death anniversary of the great thinker, patriot and intellectual who can be compared to Lok Manya Tilak, Mahatma Gandhi and other great men of India, u He was Babu Jeebon Roy Mairom, who passed away on the 16th of June
We have rich forests, uranium, coal, oil, silimanite, shyiap, and others, there is rain, four seasons, no floods, no heat. thang like the thor and so on.
Momen said the National Register of Citizens (NRC) is India's internal affairs and has nothing to do with Bangladesh.
The Syngai clan became a shikur and the Diengdoh clan because the Syngai clan took part from Dkhot u Lamjew, the knia and khriam from the Diengdoh clan. and another, when it is offered in the sacrifice of the LORD.
As can be seen from Conrad's victory when he contested as MP, it can be said that the party has spread.
Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR) leader Angela Rngad led the campaign against violence against women.
The Jandullah group, an offshoot of Pakistan's Tehrik-e-Taliban, has admitted responsibility for the attack. Ahmed Marwat, spokesman for the group, said in a statement that if the US does not stop its activities, we will continue to carry out violence against non-Muslims. Enjoy.
Jowai, July 21: A 15-year-old girl named Dindemom Tariang, daughter of Mian Tariang, from Umsalang village, Moopyut village, West Jaintia Hills District, has gone missing. 20.06.2013 at 7 pm, when this young woman left the house she was wearing a blue sweater, blue jainkup and iong scarf.
The elders who were able to lead the first climb in 1999 were Rgh Sumar Sing Sawian, (bam kwai at the door of God), other elders like Rgh Dipshon L Nongbri and all the current members of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, the Seng Khasi Kmie, who live day and night to promote and develop this greatest tradition of the Khasi people.
India is the first country to land on that part of the moon and the fourth to reach the moon, after the US, Russia and China.
Two of the injured are the brothers of Katdilia, Lapynshai and Amstrong and are currently undergoing treatment at Nongtalang CHC. who died and 3 from a neighboring house.
We have submitted it to the Executive Committee and the EC has agreed with the recommendation of the Inquiry Committee and that is why we have implemented the recommendation.
Therefore, the signs are now around the world. Judge and ask yourselves, carefully, that the end of the world is near.
The residents of Dkhiah West left early in the morning on foot to search for the old road until they reached Borghat.
In 2021, the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GARDC) elections were held, in which the UDP did not win any constituency. their vote share has increased significantly.
Inside the cleanroom, which has been cleaned or sterilized, there is also a digital hand washing facility and a place to store garbage.
Speaking on the occasion, Rao praised the MSOA and DSYA for organizing the tournament.
The Director and Producer of the film, Commander Shangpliang, said that in fact, the film was scheduled to be released in 2019, but for reasons of struggle to improve, it has not been released. The film has been completed and will be released next month.
(morning) at Enowell Hall, Amlarem West Jaintia Hills.
The winners in the men's category were Pynshailang Sohshang (46kg), Sanjeev Maskut (48kg), Prashant Dorjee (51kg), Batsilbert T Sangma (54kg), Sunil Limbu (57kg), Badonkupar Synnh (60kg), Baiamutlang Sungoh ( 63.5kg), Bhalang Shadap (67kg) and Bolnas Sangma (71kg).
On this occasion, the members of the union together with these government officials planted up to 200 trees along these parts of the Myntdu River.
“Mamata Banerjee doesn't know much about Dr Mukul Sangma but Prestone knows all the characteristics of Dr Mukul Sangma.
Therefore, while there are still many people who come to live in the village, the taxes are still rising and the pla u pdok is still full and the saipan of the chiefs is still being covered.
Shillong, November 18: The students of Sohra Government College Students Union (SSU) have demanded that the government should implement their demands within this month, otherwise they will take action. other roads are covered.
The judgment, by Judge Golmei Gaiphulshillu, said that the decision was a violation of the rules of law, because the plaintiffs did not cooperate with the court during the hearing of this case.
After the hearing of the two cases, the judge of Warjri, UP Yobin, asked the court to dismiss the review petition today; However, after the hearing of the lawyers from the State Government and the District Council, the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court has dismissed the case.
Padma Trinity Saioo, West Jaintia Hills District, explained about her journey in the cultivation of Lakadong with the support of the Spices Board of India.
On the other hand, the Syiem said that there is no information about the illegal construction of the road, and the area along the Assam road is not a border area but the area of ​​the Hima Nongspung. There is also a tree plantation of Bakhlapara VEC through Jirang C&RD Block, but the surprising thing is that Assam is in the middle of this tree plantation.
Referring to the land reclamation project at Marten, Mawlai, the Minister said, “The waste collected at this site has been a concern not only for the residents in this area but for the people of the state as a whole.
“Every card meter should be installed in every household to enable the owners to check the operation of the meter,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Khliehriat, July 3: The Vice President of the Jaintia National Council, Wapung Circle, in a statement, has congratulated the police of Ladrymbai Outpost and said that through their knowledge and understanding, Monkiru Chyrmang, a robber, has been arrested for allegedly taking the life of a woman from Wapung Shnong, Lita Ryngkhlem.
Shillong: The PM CARES Fund has approved the allocation of funds for the setting up of 551 Pressure Swing Adsorption (PSA) oxygen production plants. ) at healthcare facilities across the country.
Akash K Choudhury took two wickets for 49 runs while S Gani was dismissed for 56 runs after tied again for four runs.
However, it is sad to say that when the day comes to arrange the marriage of the children, parents and relatives, friends and neighbors of both parties. They have conducted another investigation to find out if there is any reason why they should not be married to their children, by forgetting what they have told their children. hands and relatives from the beginning of the love of their children.
The activities included in this program are agriculture, livestock and other activities to improve the income of the people in the rural areas.
KJP Synod Higher Secondary School came second with two students who came in 6th and 19th respectively.
I didn't even tell my friends about my team letter that day.
With this song, the college celebrated the Platinum Jubilee of the college which was opened in November last year.
“There are other projects which have already received funds such as the construction of water tanks in Lower Lumparing worth T 6 lakh and for the needs of drains and others expressed by the village officials will be taken care of. ," said Bah Sanbor, adding that as a sign of respect for the willingness of the owners to donate land for the construction of the road, he has arranged that they will be given a gift.
“This meeting has a purpose under the influence of other leaders.
Farmers from Sasoni Mauza village in Dibrugarh district of Assam have decided to donate to the All Assam Students' Union (AASU) to raise funds to travel to the city. Delhi to defend against the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 (CAA).
Before confirming the office bearers of the Women's Wing, Bah Sadon K.Blah, explained the working methods of the Women's Wing, in which he said that the party stands to fight for the The purpose of protecting the jaidbynriew and especially at such a time, when the jaidbynriew, is about to be swept away by the Umsaw, that is, from the invasion of foreigners.
Nongpoh, Naitung 25 : To congratulate and bless the team of Umdihar Presbyterian Secondary School for representing Ri Bhoi District in the State Level Suboroto Cup, the management of Umdihar Presbyterian Secondary School together with the The Village Authority today held a meeting inside the school to congratulate the team of the school for winning the tournament to be held in Shillong.
In East Garo Hills, 80.09 per cent, South West Garo Hills 79.02 per cent, Ri Bhoi 72.83 per cent, North Garo Hills 69.35 per cent, Eastern West Khasi Hills 67.56 per cent and South Garo Hills 67.56 per cent. 65.56 per cent, South West Khasi Hills 65.15 per cent, West Garo Hills 59.82 per cent, West Khasi Hills 57.52 per cent, West Jaintia Hills 50.29 per cent, East Khasi Hills 50.01 per cent and East Jaintia Hills 44.50 per cent.
Nongpluh thanked the SP DNR Marak, IPS, for taking the initiative to change the appearance of the sports ground which can be used for shooting, taekwando and others.
There is no restriction on the Constitution of India under Article 19(1)(c) which allows the formation of any party without restriction.
Other candidates are Bison Roy Iano of the UDP, former Mowkaiaw MLA Robinus Syngkon of the NPP from Raliang.
Shillong: Ashok Singhania has been appointed as the Chairman of the Traders Cell of the BJP Meghalaya for the fiscal year 2020-2
• There will be shortage of stock during times of natural disasters, drought or high prices.
Shillong: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on Tuesday said that from now on, there will be no curfew in the state.
However, by the cunning and deceitfulness of the Indian government, the Khasi chiefs who refused to join the Khasi chiefs were arrested and forced to sign the agreement after the declaration of independence. India was freed from the British rule.
“The DC has sent a letter to you to stop the work, the PWD department has sent you, but you have not stopped, now we are coming. to stop this work of yours.
Thombor said the JHADC still has about Rs 100 crore to receive from the state government which is the Council's share of the coal and other mineral revenues.
Whether he (Tynsong) has been talking to these people (HNLC) all these years, or whether he used them in the last elections, we will have to find out,” he said.
To help you understand, let me give you an example.
Shanborlang is the only boxer in the state who has been given the opportunity to lead the Meghalaya Professional Boxing Council (MPBC) which was established last year.
Speaking to Rupang, Badarity said the Governor told them that he had read the Bill and was very pleased and understood the meaning of the Bill.
“When you worship Durga, please think of the women who have been left behind,” he said.
In the past, the government used to provide T.50 lakh per annum to the Corporation but in the last two years, the government has not provided this assistance because the Corporation has not been able to manage properly,” he said. said Mr. Sanbor.
Yooda Suchiang gave the welcome speech.
Summarizing the speech of the Chairman of NEDA, the BJP, NPP and North Eastern Parties, Hemanta Biswa Sarma, the Home Minister of India, Amit Shah, has made it clear that The ILP will not be implemented in Meghalaya and Assam during the meeting between Conrad and his Ministers.
During the celebration of Mask Day, public awareness programs on the disease and entertainment programs were held.
Don't think that all those who have wealth do double-digit jobs or illegal jobs to increase their wealth.
Parents are urged to send their children to schools or Aganwadi Centers in their villages for vaccination.
The lowest temperature was recorded in Resubelpara with 39 degrees Celsius, Ampati with 36.3 degrees Celsius, Baghmara with 34.5 degrees Celsius and Umiam with 34 degrees Celsius.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government will recognize these land plots where these people have illegally built houses by implementing the old decision from 2002-2
Rakesh Tikait has been charged with robbery on 26th July 2021 in Delhi.
We the followers like to elect those candidates who can benefit us individually, which is only for a few moments, forgetting the future of our children.
“The three groups that the party has set up are in Ranikor-Photkroh, Nongjri and Mawkyrwat,” said Balse.
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb in a tweet last night said the cases were from Sepahijala district and were also foreigners.
“We have demanded 200 sqft for one household, but the Government intends to build a multi-storey house under the Central Government scheme and on this proposal we will consult with the residents of This is the place where I will take the decision,” he added.
The government said that if those who are still in employment are appointed, it will reduce the expenditure of the government as there is no need to pay their salaries.
In the middle of the year 2021 we are still involved in many struggles and we all contribute to fight in our respective positions from the State Government, the three District Councils, 60 MLAs, 90 MDCs, 3 MPs, NGOs, teachers, Village Authorities, Raid to Hima Authorities, various unions of governors, churches of various faiths all have done their part to fight for the sake of the country and the nation for the freedom and peace of our beloved Khasi Hills.
U Bah Syiem also appealed to the parents not to give 2 shaka to their children while they are not licensed and not to drink alcohol while driving otherwise it will lead to tragic incidents. .
“We are still talking to them (HNLC).
Airlines from Lengpui, Mizoram, said that about 60 Meitei have left for Imphal and some have left Mizoram by bus and taxi.
Nongpoh, Nailur 30: Thousands of residents of Nongpoh area together with civil society organizations today held a march carrying flags, placards and banners to condemn the A young woman from Iewmawlong village has been killed by a Nepali robber.
In reply, the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, said that the Business Advisory Committee of the Assembly has decided that if there is a need, the Lamphang can extend the meeting every day. the meeting for 2-3 hours.
“One year of suspension, the MDC election is only a few months away, it is an attempt to prevent me from contesting from the party in the MDC election. “It's a good idea to have a person in Mawhati constituency,” said James Sylliang.
Regarding this incident, the District Administration of West Khasi Hills and Kamrup District have met at the scene to resolve the incident so that there will be no incident at the scene. which is still in the midst of the struggle.
He said that this step taken by the government is to fight against drug traffickers and users and to reduce crime under this Act and under the Act against illegal drug users. may be transferred from one place to another within the State or outside the State.
People from different villages flocked to Smith Square, the venue of the ceremony.
“Prestone Tynsong said that we have to drive according to the Challan but there is video footage that I have recorded now of trucks driving slowly despite the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct.
When they came here, they didn’t have jobs, they started by just going around offering stuff around through the Agents who managed these people.
It may be recalled that a complaint was lodged against Gohain on 2nd July 2018 by an unidentified woman from Nagaon, which is the constituency where Gohain leads.
Bah Tynsong said it is regrettable that this man has gathered the Rangbah Shnongs and mislead them and said that the government recognizes them only through the District Council, through the Syiem. the Raid of Nongtung and the King of the Khyriem Kingdom.
Nongpoh, July 14: To fulfill the wish of many residents of Mawhati area in Ri Bhoi district who have wished to have a C&RD Block office for the development of the people in The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has demanded that the government should bring back the government office which is one of the demands of the people. for many years.
Genesis 3:1-2 Sometimes like an angel of light, sometimes like a terrible appearance.
They also informed that some of the Bhoi people are descendants of the Shaw Bhoi/Shaw Buri/Ringbia culture and that the Shaw Bhoi/Shaw Buri/Ringbia culture is the descendant of the Shaw Bhoi/Shaw Buri/Ringbia culture. I welcome all the Raid/Hima/Sirdarships in Ri Bhoi and I have not received any complaint or objection from any side or party because it is a custom that has been led by the ancients. you are Bhoi.
" UnquoteTherefore, we must understand that the KHADC and JHADC should no longer be included along with the GHADC, only in relation to the ILP. In 2012-1 There is a strong demand for ILP, we should have got ILP through the Sixth Schedule but the Rangbah Nongsynshar at that time were strongly opposed to get ILP only for KHADC and JHADC without getting ILP. GHADC, therefore, have decided not to issue the ILP, this is evident from this article – Quote “4 THAT PARTIAL IMPLEMENTATION OF ILP IS BOUND TO CREATE PROBLEM for people residing in the Garo Hills Districts whenever they are required to travel to other parts of the State.
He said the government has also approved to allocate up to Rs 10 crore per annum for the fight against drugs.
Sniawbhalang said the committee will soon submit its report to the state government.
Deputy Commissioner BS Sohliya, IAS, Chairman JHADC Dr Sankey Shangpung, Chairman Jowai Municipal Board Lasooki Lakiang, CEO B.Blah were present on the occasion. besides others.
The area including the Central Park, New Extension Road, the grounds of the District Collector's Office and the garden were cleaned.
There are also those who have 3/4 households in the same compound but only one household receives ration card while 2/3 households do not receive government food at all.
Renik said that many villages have received water wells and the department has already surveyed the area and sent a proposal to allocate the cost of pumping water but u He said that suddenly while implementing the scheme, these wells have become so small that it is no longer possible to draw water.
Meanwhile, the KSU North Khasi Hills District and the village leaders of Madan Umwang and Jatalong have met with the DC, Ri Bhoi.
Of all the natural resources on earth, the land for cultivation is the most precious! What about other natural resources such as ore, coal or uranium, stone or trees if food to feed our bodies is scarce and unavailable? The dead soil kills, but the living soil gives life to all the plants on it.
This famous building is also a symbol of the aspirations of 144 billion Indians as a symbol of progress, unity and unity.
During the meeting, the leaders of the Ri-Bhoi Dorbar said that they have requested the Officer to expedite the release of the results of the DSC as it affects the age of the candidates. They said that the officer has promised to fight as much as possible before November this year and urged the officer that in the work of the DSC should focus first on the district owners, they added.
The LG also distributed T.2 lakh to the office of the Nondeiñ Presbyterian Church and T.1 lakh 50,000 to the Nondeiñ Presbyterian Church.
Speaking on the common minimum programmes, Bah Metbah said that he will take all these with the Prime Minister after he returns from abroad.
" Niakha asked Rida to sit there.
Albice-leste continued to score for France and De Paul's shot was saved by Varane.
This comes after these schools won the final match which was held on Saturday at the East Jaintia Hills District Sports Association Stadium in Dienchynrum.
On the opening day, seven teams came to play with their family and friends to encourage the children to play well.
Even in the midst of the struggle to get treatment in his own state, the patient is not able to seek treatment in private hospitals as the treatment will cost up to 4 lakh tyngka.
Meanwhile, the PDF has not nominated a candidate or joint candidate like the UDP and has said that it intends to send the name of the joint candidate to the MDA like the UDP. Four MLAs from Umsning, Sohra, Mawkynrew and Mylliem constituencies and two of them are government ministers.
Malngiang said that for decades, the issue has been raised with the leaders but it has not come to fruition as it has been raised only for a while and later it has been abandoned.
Upon receiving the complaint, the JSU under the leadership of Sports Secretary Yoosar Kynjing has conducted a thorough investigation to find out the truth.
A few minutes after the second half, Majaw FC had the opportunity to score the second goal for Laitkor FC in the 55th minute. you are fighting.
This is the figure, released by the United Nations.
It is learned that the man used to work as a contractor, but on the evening of the 9th, he left his house to buy tobacco, but since then he has not returned home. .
The Seng would like to make it clear that East Jaintia Hills District is not a foreign breeding ground and through this statement the Seng strongly warns especially against the foreign nationals who are the source of pollution in the land of Hynniewtrep. which are the robbers of these foreigners.
By Bah Philip Marweiñ The HSPDP is celebrating its 50th Anniversary in the service of the people of Meghalaya. especially the Khasi-Jaintia people.
“So long your father hasn’t come.
The election is for the poor, the rich, the rich and the millionaires as well and if it is an election for money, then it is no longer an election for the poor, it is only for the rich and the administration. The election should have taken a common path and to achieve this, it needs the approval of the Dorbar Shnongs, who have the authority to appoint candidates.
Love is the root cause of love.
Because the Khasi themselves until now have been looking for the origin of the names of villages from ancient events, to know and find out, and each place named in the Khasi country has its own ancient customs and will be named after it. that how.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has directed the state governments not to waste injectables and not to waste more than 10 percent.
About the secretariat, they write, 'The house of the street, the house of the paki, That the chiefs want to be servants' hour.
Myntri Rangbah, this is a matter of urgent action,” said Tushar Banai, one of the residents of Maheskhola.
He also demanded that the KHADC should appoint him as Chairman of the Election Process Committee and his request for this is because this post is related to Rules Adelbert said that all the time in the District Council has been spent on knieh shuki, while the issues that are for the sake of the country and the nation. four that stayed hajuh.
All posts in the DTO should be filled first so that the work will not be disrupted.
Besides, they are not as coarse as some other types of soil.
Shillong, June 21: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has ordered the Hima Mylliem to expedite the election of the Minister of Forestry. said Bah Latiplang Kharkongor EM of the Elaka Department while talking to reporters today when the leaders of the Dorbar Kur Nongkhlaw went to meet him for this purpose.
" He didn't know how to answer Kmie.
The minister told reporters that he has spoken about this from time to time, but the SCBS has not listened.
M.Danggo has distributed and handed over the work orders to 188 households in Phlangdiloin area, South West Khasi Hills including five villages under Ranikor Constituency. The work order assistance through the MLA scheme is 25,000 per household.
The union also urged and urged that the work in this regard should be expedited so that it will be as soon as possible for the safety especially of the job seekers of the area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Meghalaya High Court's order to enact the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) in the state has prompted strong opposition from various groups and people in Garo Hills.
Bihar is one of the states worst affected by the earthquake, said Guleria, Deputy Inspector General of the Indian National Disaster Response Force.
Another youth was shot while delivering food from Swiggy and when he reached Mahari Petrol Pump, Jaiaw Langsning, 20 to 25 people shot him.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Cabinet on Tuesday decided to pay pension to 3,635 ad-hoc employees working in sanctioned posts in various government departments. state government has government recognized them as its full-time employees.
Nongpoh, July 23: U Bah Denis Mukhim, one of the leaders of the United Together FC, has been named Man of the Match. The Congress candidate and MDC from Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar, has decided to leave the state election. I hope to win in Mawhati.
Man of the Match was awarded to Phramer Cricket Club's Aineh Suchiang.
The final match was played on Saturday at the Photumtong Playground.
"I said to Rida.
Sheikh Hasina, the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, has said that she wants Meghalaya to strengthen trade with the country. I met her yesterday at her house.
“I am not against those who can afford to pay school fees, but if I am forced to pay school fees, I will not be able to send my children to school because of my poverty”.
Sambor Diengdoh said that although the State Government has increased the price of petrol from 72 tyngka to 91 tyngka, it does not affect him but he sympathizes with these drivers. He said that many petrol pumps are more profitable than these local taxis.
However, in another report, it was reported that Bah Sanbor's resignation from the post of Symbud Lamphang was due to the fact that the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma had promised to appoint him as a minister after the removal of others. U Bah Sanbor, who is the only NCP MLA in the state, has resigned from the post of Symbud Lamphang of the AICC. In the House of Representatives, 10 days ago, there was no hearing to remove the Lamphang from the House of Representatives.
After leaving the room, the Headmistress of the party together with a Khasi girl, went to meet with the District School Education Officer on this issue and he told and said clearly that these candidates who have completed the The DSEO has sent a letter to the school to appoint them.
He said two policemen were injured in the stone pelting by the crowd.
“I thank God for taking care of us and also to the Government of Meghalaya for taking care of us safely and also to the Indian Army for helping and protecting us through this return, " said the young man Hezekiah.
On the opening day of the programme, officers from the Forest Department, SPV Society and LUMPL explained the importance of caring for and preserving the environment which is in line with the theme of Environment Day, #OnlyOneWorld.
“I contracted the disease after I had a fever and chills,” said Dr AWar.
He said that we don't need to reveal what has happened in the state and the people have witnessed it from the unemployment of the youth, the lack of peace and neglect of the people on the border and It is unfortunate that just before the election they oppose to speak of love for the people and all the leaders who are in power from the border issue to the distribution issue to the issues that affect the people in the state. said Mr. Charles Marngar.
This Canaan was along the banks of the Nile River; the trees bear fruit until the branches are broken; and the cedars of which Solomon built the house were here.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday surprised many by announcing that it will no longer use T.2,000 notes, but has given the public until date, Nailur to deposit or transfer them to the Banks.
The meeting was attended by SPs of the two districts, Bikram D Marak, Ramandeep Kaur, IPS, Border Magistrates of the two districts. , officers from various departments and KAAC representatives and officers.
According to him, there are 11 textbooks in the MBOSE for Class I, II and III but when the NCERT books are used, there are only four textbooks.
He also blessed the new EC led by Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, the new EMs of the Legislative Wing, the Chairman and Dy.Chairman, and all the MDCs in the KHADC. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), which used to receive funds through the sharing of shares with the State Government, has received suggestions from the MDCs and urged the Executive Committee to demand from the State Government. to provide clear figures regarding the distribution of the rightful revenues of the Council and to increase the share of revenue from 25% to 35%.
Those who can sit or attend the dorbar should be only those who have reached the rank of 50-75 years old and 75 years old. to become members of the council.
Dong Mainroad FC won the title after beating Dong East Colony FC 4-2 on penalties in the final.
The Association aims to promote the traditional medicine and traditional medicine in the District and the State. Traditional medicine will disappear and we will continue to work hard to preserve it for the future generations of our people.
“I don't understand the suspension of the sale of syiar in Meghalaya when the price of syiar has increased in Assam.
The incident happened at 12:15 pm at Kynroh Taxi Stand. Police said that the driver of the tourist vehicle was identified as Macborn Bonnyson Kharbani He has been living in Upper New Nongstoin for 10 years.
Sorry, but the truth is that the two types of covid, have come together these days and these are the delta and Omicron.
The piano was handed over to the Tyrso Catholic Church by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh President of FKJGP North Khasi Hills District Unit. Banroy Wahlang President Umling Circle, leaders of Bhoirymbong Tyrso Circle and others.
When asked, Prestone said that during the inspection, some of the residents have expressed their desire to be with Assam and some have expressed their desire to be with Meghalaya. The Committee has prepared the report according to the historical facts, geological facts and the wishes of the residents of this area.
Girl’s H/S School, Shillong.
Shillong: Police in Khliehtyrshi, Jowai Bypass, on Tuesday night, while searching for vehicles, stopped a Maruti Suzuki Swift at the parking lot at Khliehtyrshi, Jowai Bypass and another vehicle. B/R No.AS 11 H 1957, was driving without stopping, but it hit the guards in the area and also hit three policemen who were in the area.
The FKGJP found that there were 13 Punjabis inside the ambulance.
