Jean said that the chief guest will be Ms. Matsiewdor War, Director of Arts and Culture. Aldous Mawlong - The Fashion Society of Shillong.
After the death of her husband, Lakshmi Parvathi formed the new NTR Telugu Desam Party in 1886 and was elected to the State Legislative Assembly from Srikakulam district. In 2012, she joined the YSR Congress.
“Such statements show that this party leader wants to get political gain for himself,” he said.
Besides, Bah Dkhar also urged the government to provide special security inside the market as all kinds of crimes have spread inside the market especially at night.
He said that the market was opened through the responsibility of the Hills Farmers Union, Bhoirymbong Block, Hills Farmers Union, Ri Bhoi and others.
The 25 students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC, besides receiving commemorative certificates, also received a cash prize of T.5,000 each.
The friend struck him on the head with a stick and he died.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Society for Promotion of Tourism, Khliehriat has organized the District Level Youth Festival and the celebration of the International Youth Day (IYD) – 2019 from 13th – 17th August
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, after inspecting the area, said that the damage is severe and the state needs more money for the repair of many roads. bridges and bridges which have been destroyed and covered by the floods due to the continuous rainfall.
It is learned that the woman had given birth to the child but she died after being thrown into the toilet.
“Instead of playing with people's lives, it is better for me to retire from politics," he said.
In this regard, Bah Ardent urged the people not to rest at this juncture, as the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state has almost been completed. The State Government has decided to convene a special session to take a decision on the implementation of the ILP. They should no longer be deceived or deceived at this time, or allow politicians to take advantage to delay this demand for their rights, but should stand firmly until ILP has not been issued in the state.
The blast occurred three times near Sayed-ul-Shuhada High School, west of Kabul.
The Police Department has directed all Sector Officers to ensure the safety of vehicles at the Police Station especially those passing through Jaïaw and Mawlai. don't drive in public places.
The BJP through its President Amit Shah has vowed that the BJP will bring back the CAB when it comes back to power and this has encouraged the Congress to vote on the CAB issue. Instead of thinking about protecting the Next Generation, the Congress has taken the opportunity to think about the Next Election.
The army promised to bring development works if allowed to set up camp in the area such as roads, schools and other benefits.
All the speakers on this occasion expressed their gratitude to the hard work of the Managing Committee, who have been able to achieve this demand for the need for an office to facilitate the market activities.
Shillong, June 21 : The General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, on Tuesday said that in politics it is easy to buy leaders but it is difficult to buy the people.
On the issues he will work for North Shillong, Dr. War said that if the people give him the victory, he will look after the youth especially to free them from the addiction to alcohol. bad.
The government's revenue cut for the MDC elections from the share of land resources, vehicles that should go to district councils will affect the two councils which have already lost their salaries as they will lose more salaries. If you are elected again, you will not be able to participate in the MDC elections.
The Assistant Waheh Shnong of Moolamylliang, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, said that the village has achieved the title of the cleanest village in the country since Jaintia, he also spoke on many issues related to cleanliness.
Antonio Rapsang top scored with 20 runs (18) and Mangkara Diengdoh took 4/8 in 2.3 overs.
Big chance for the police.
In the United States, the death toll from the coronavirus has risen by 1,015 in the past 24 hours, the lowest death toll in the country.
It is learned that the doctor has not met anyone in the past few days, but it was learned that the examination of foreign patients will be closed on 24th November
“On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police has warned against anyone who contributes to the HNLC because in the end this is against the law.
Speeches were also delivered by Pastor BSDkhar, Tymmen Basan S.Paliar and after their speeches, traditional songs and dances were performed by the students of the school.
The Meghalaya government has not done anything after the Assam government has informed the village, so the land has been taken over by the Assam government. not in Assam.
“I hope that this program is only the beginning of bringing about many changes,” he concluded.
“This is not the first time that Assam has crossed the border, but it has happened from time to time.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : More than 100 supporters of the All India Trinamool Congress from Dadenggre Constituency have joined the NPP to support the party's MLA and candidate James PK Sangma.
The SP of South Garo Hills told reporters that five insurgents, including Drishti Rajkhowa, had escaped from the area. This place, after this heavy fighting.
All EVMs vote for the BJP”.
Not only that, he said that those policemen who accompanied him were ordered to tell the government officials what he did and said.
Furthermore, under the Save Hynniewtrep Mission, it has also raised the issue of food illegal food in the state even after the collapse of the dome of the new Legislative Assembly. The government has refused to appoint a CBI or independent inquiry but the government has failed to appoint an inquiry or commission.
A strong storm has struck the border villages of East Jaintia Hills District at around 3:30 pm on Sunday.
The distribution method is as follows, AAY will be distributed at 5 kg per head only to those who do not have AAY Ration Card and PHH will be distributed at 5 kg per head only to those who do not have PHH Ration Card. The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District should immediately lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District. punish them according to the law laid down by the Government.
Besides, it was found that the army had already erected two païa and dug a hole in the ground.
However, the attendance was only about 2000 people and this surprised many of the elders especially the CEM of KHADC Bah HS Shylla.
THE following are some of the benefits of pathaw if you eat it regularly.
In my opinion, in Assam, the Muslim vote will increase and the Hindu vote bank should be brought from Bangladesh.
During the inspection, the union found that the office, which has a proper house, has turned into a habitat for animals, in connection with the two vehicles which were supposed to carry garbage inside the house. The villages were left unused, until they were completely destroyed and no longer suitable for use and became the breeding grounds of the public.
The Bible tells us when God will hurl Satan down to the earth.
Shillong: There have been 336 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 8 deaths and 508 recoveries.
It is also a thank you to God to bless the Hima and the children of thousands.
The Creator is also called the Mother of the Law.
On the other hand, Bah Toning said that if the people elect him to lead the District Council, he will look after the welfare of the people in all aspects related to development and other issues. problems, especially for the marginalized groups of society.
Speaking on the meeting in Tura, Bah AL Hek, one of the government ministers, said that the meeting was very successful and this is not only a meeting of the Cabinet but also part of the meeting. assess the progress of activities to ensure that they reach the public.
Be active readers so you know what’s going on not only in the state, but around the country.
The reason why I think it is necessary to educate especially the women about the need to clean up the rivers is because when we go to clean up the Umkaliar River in Nongmynsong we see and find things that are shameful. tell the spirit.
It can also be said that it is for this reason that the Block Offices in many parts of the country, here in Ri Khasi or elsewhere, have not been able to bring any improvement or development to the people. Loans and grants have been spent on lakhs of people.
This song was composed by Ronald Mawthoh.
Speaking to Rupang, Nikman said there is a difference between the Garo Land demand of the ANVC and the Garo Land demand of the GHSMC. "It's a good idea to have a clean slate," he said.
“It is our duty to educate and explain to the people, and if we take this speech of mine for the sake of building it will also be a good thing, if the leaders who have at the Press Club and the media took it over for construction.
Besides the residents, the elders who were present included the Bongthai of Raid Marmain, Bah B.Rynchon, the Rangbah Shnong of Marmain, Bah Biren Klei, the Basan of the Raid and including the elders. and the leaders of the Marmain area.
The Chief Guest in his speech congratulated the teams who came to take part and encouraged them to showcase their talents as players.
The dorbar and the residents have a joint responsibility to ensure the cleanliness of the village.
He recalled that the coal mining in Laitryngew has started 100 years ago.
The Parish Mawlai was originally known as the Sacred Heart Church and after being converted to St. Dominic Savio Church, it has more than 25,000 Catholics and 12 priests. (L) Fr Benedicto Fiori, (L) Fr Peter Tonello, (L) Fr Francis Diengdoh, (L) Fr Mario Botto, (L) Fr Albert Correngia, (L) Fr Cajetan Guidotto, (L) Fr Denis Troncana, (L) Fr Carmel Attard, (L) Fr Alexis Sanglura and among these priests who are still alive are Fr Gervasis Kozhuppathadam, Fr Augustine Kottala and Fr Roland Kharkrang is still serving as the Archbishop.
The increase is the highest in the past 14 years at 3.83 billion Swiss francs or ₹ 30,500 crore in 2021, according to the Swiss Bank. on Friday.
From here the road continues from the plain of Lum Domstar until it meets Umshaid.
“This is a big part, which comes from the state as well as the central government.
The incident happened on Thursday, a journalist from NB News Channel, Deepakar Medhi.
She said that Bah B Ora is the secretary of the village who will convene the dorbar shnong.
The party urged that there should be no discrimination against anyone so that the value of freedom of expression and justice will go hand in hand with the respect for the human rights of everyone who has been. protected through the provisions of the Constitution, the statement concluded.
The BDO urged the residents of Kyndongtuber who have reached the age of 18 years and above to come forward to get vaccinated so that they can be protected and avoid being severely affected by COVID-1
These equipment include chairs and generators which have been distributed to churches and villages.
When asked by Bah Ardent whether any Government land has been allocated to MLAs or their relatives, the Minister said that he has no information about the land. the Government has not been appointed by the MLA or by the family.
This reporting on environmental conditions, especially environmental reporting, will be done by Government employees.
He said that the allegations against the Government will always exist and he said that there have been many allegations of corruption during the Congress rule from our side and from other parties and now they are still coming out. forty kinds of accusations against our government.
This insect appears only during the rainy season and can be caught only in the evening using 2(ar) tylli. The types of siej are made to be patied (pinïashoh) like one on top of the other in such a way that when you connect those 2 (ar) siej it is exactly like this Niangrop Khrik dik khrik dik da (two) trees without leaves, and without stopping to call those who come to the place where there is no sound – khrik dik khrik dik When they came to fall on that tree, they were arrested. It was like dressing up a bird by Simpah to catch it, but the tieing of those 2 (ar) tylli ki siej should continue. Therefore, there should be 2 (ar) people, one tied and one catcher. If only one doesn't get niangrop, they are fast enough to stop. ). thawla in the field of the creature Jiwan, the thawla is a source of fright for children when they cry especially when they are happy and it is said Don't cry until the thawlo comes.
He hoped that with the initiative of the Deputy Commissioner's office, it would be possible to market the T10 tyngka notes in the district.
“Inspired a lot by his journey for these youngsters who are just starting out in football, he also has a lot of strategies to develop the talent of our youngsters.
Wow, there is no basis anywhere, only that you should form a party with those of your supporters.
In East Khasi Hills, 26 cases, in West Jaintia Hills, 11 cases and in Ribhoi District, 3 cases.
“We are also one of the strongest and leading parties in Meghalaya”.
She said it has become clear that women are at the center of conservation activities.
Along with the people of the villages in the area, the MLA of Nongstoiñ Constituency was also present as the chief guest.
Pastor (Rev) GPL Gadew of the Presbyterian Church has said that in India there is only two changes. One is the victory over religion and the other is the victory over the rule of law.
“In 2008, Dr Donkupar won more than 900 votes against Leston Wanswett, in 2013 he won more than 350 votes against the same person, in 2018 he won more than 400 votes,” said Bindo.
In his speech, Wailad urged the youth to be successful in any field and to have one mind and not to think too much about the field. be like a master and at the same time help to employ others.
On the other hand, the DFO has requested the Seng to inspect and remove these illegal immigrants.
During the search, police recovered 22 kilos of heroin from them and their vehicle, said the SSP. The arrested were identified as Onkar Singh and Shamsher Singh, both residents of Gurdaspur district in Punjab, police said.
Meghalaya have 10 wickets left and need four runs to win from 11 balls.
Bah Kharpran said that the conduct of the Ïing Dorbar in a language in which all members can understand the working of the Government is clean, inclusive and will ensure a good governance. walk walk walk orderly.
The Member Secretary of the union promised to write to the DC of East Jaintia Hills District Khliehriat regarding the letter of the union and promised to send a copy to the Ministry of Environment for action. on this matter and will send it to the Seng as well.
Now that the Lok Sabha, Raja Sabha, that is, the entire Parliament has passed, and moreover that the President of India has signed the CAB, it is no longer the CAB but the CAA (Citizenship Amendment). ment Act), therefore, the street protest has no meaning, it has been appealed to the Supreme Court.
Commandant of the 2nd Meghalaya Police Battalion Aditya Goenka said the policewoman had lodged a complaint with him and suggested lodging a complaint against the police chief.
“I have not contested the MLA election from Mawkyrwat, I am just a candidate, we have received only one application from Bah Carnes Sohshang from Mawkyrwat,” said Bah Nongrem.
In the pre-quarter final, Inter Milan beat Porto 1-0 on aggregate to reach the quarter final on the first day since beating the Champions League. you won in 2011.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the drivers of small four wheelers said that they don't know the reason why they were allowed to suspend operations in Motphran and Khyndailad. on the 10th November 2023 after receiving an order that four vehicles will no longer be allowed to enter the Khyndailad and Motphran areas.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs (Urban and Rural) Bah RL Blah said that about 7 Rangbah Shnongs in the city have received letters from the CBI to appear before the court. affair.
Welbethstar Ramsiej won the second prize, Sainkupar Jyrwa won the second prize and Iwell John Ramsiej won the third prize.
This was confirmed after the truck drivers found an illegal tax collection gate on Maweit Road in the name of the Union of Village Authorities Maweit Area. trucks through a slip of T.50/- per truck.
The opening ceremony was praised by many, as the decorations and the closing ceremony were very exciting for the audience.
Through this scheme, they search for the Aadhaar Number, Mobile Number given on the Aadhaar Card to know the confidential information of the people and other information to earn money by searching again. to withdraw money from their accounts, as the Aadhaar Card is linked to the bank account.
"There are also pastors who want to confess sin and be a sinner.
In these days, wherever we walk, wherever we stand, wherever we go, we hear people saying that they don't have time.
I also suggest to the government whether it is better for the people to sit outside the church, to observe the rules of social distancing by wearing masks, or to listen to music and prayers from home. and communication through the P.A. System.
Treiborlang R Suchen said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has promised that the festival will be thoughtful for the invitees and the festival will not be open for them. all the people.
But that’s up to people’s personal decision of what they want to do or don’t want to do.
These are due to lack of funds, education, travel restrictions and other challenges faced by people with disabilities.
Mawkynrew MLA Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, former Minister of Agriculture and Adviser of the Farmers Parliament was also present at the closing ceremony. Hills Farmers Union leaders, government officials and farmers from all over Meghalaya.
The family was injured in the fire which broke out on 23rd June.
India have continued to win gold medals at the Asian Games after beating four-year-old champions Japan 5-1 in the final. long in Hangzhou on Thursday.
During the raid, police seized 92 containers of heroin weighing 99.21 grams, 51 empty containers, 13 boxes of soap. drugs, one mobile phone, and one Aadhar Card.
When we look back at the ideas of those who urge the youth to try to stand on their own feet but when we turn back according to the situation in our country, these are just their ideas, because why? say how? Because according to the witnesses of the paid church, many of the young men who can no longer live are in the midst of unemployment.
The purpose of this celebration is partly to provide information on consumer rights within the country throughout the world through students.
Wanda Lamare said that on the 29th of this month, we marched against the Rangbah Shnong for not convening the Dorbar Shnong for three years.
“My principle is that when I am in any party I will support its candidates and today's meeting is to meet all the office bearers with me,” said Bah Lapang.
It is impossible to listen for a long time in such unavoidable situations, that the government does not believe or care for the welfare of the people.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the amendment to the rules of the MPSC for the use of the budget has been approved.
Sudesh Luthra, Joint Secretary, Lok Sabha Secretariat, while explaining about the work of various committees of the Lok Sabha, also spoke about the findings of the committees on the non-full implementation of development schemes in the North East.
“Diengpasoh is a Raid land and no land can be sold outside the village, private land is allowed to be sold but the village must be informed and any purchase without the knowledge of the village is illegal. I can't accept,” said Bah Mukhim.
This tree is called Sindalin L Mawlieh and is about 4.8 feet tall.
We have decided to limit the power outage for 2 hours in urban areas and in the whole state the power outage will be for 3 hours.
The program will be held at New Nongstoin Square.
He is a poor son, Who knows the thylliej, Because of his good character, he is loved by all.
Shillong: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) has sent a letter to the State Government to call for talks by the 23rd of this month, for the implementation of the dulir. Free Land Registration in the Border Villages of Assam and Bangladesh.
Of these, 9 have been able to showcase their talents although it is the first time they have had the opportunity to take part in such a sports event.
SHILLONG: U 'Phantom' or Bah Jyllud has escaped from the toilet of the Deputy Commissioner's Office, East Khasi Hills District after being brought to the UTP court along with other prisoners.
The KSU on Tuesday demanded that the State Government should not ignore the demands of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) but should treat them as residents.
Besides, the leader of the group, said that the group has promised that they are ready to assist those brothers and sisters, who want to develop the fish farming industry, from the provision of medicines, the delivery of modern seeds and especially, for the purpose of providing information to the public on fish farming.
At the same time, the Union has decided to monitor the presence of forces who are trying to overthrow or weaken the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs.
During the programme, doctors of BSF Meghalaya conducted examinations of the patients and provided free medicines to the residents of Laijori, Kuliang and Sankhat.
Also present were Bah Rishoit Kshiar, Sordar of Wahlakhiat as the chief guest, Bah Rishai Suting, President of the Sports Club and other office bearers.
“Officers of Customs Preventive NER, CGST, BSF, Assam Rifles and DRI explained their experiences, challenges and achievements in border security and implementation of the Customs Act. participate in the Capacity Building and Knowledge Sharing Programme.
In East Khasi Hills District, 30 new cases, 2 cases from Armed Forces and 28 cases from civilians, 2 cases from Ri Bhoi District, 2 cases from Armed Forces. Forces and one civilian, in West Garo Hills there are 25 cases including 11 cases from the Armed Forces and 14 cases from civilians, in West Khasi Hills there is only one case and in East Jaintia Hills there are
However, compared to other general aspects, each group has its own advantages and disadvantages that the people remain in darkness and hesitate to make a decision.
“The salaries of all the Anganwadi workers will be cleared by the end of this month.
He also explained that the Khasi Pnars include the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngngam and Diko.
Furthermore, what is more shocking is that their inclusion of the Reservation Policy in their manifestos is only a misleading and deceitful act to the people.
Dear students, think carefully about this, ask those who know about the NEP because the NEP has been proposed to you, dear students, you have been blackmailed...I can't use this word, " said Dr. Buam.
Ukraine has complied with the Madrid Agreement and has deployed all its nuclear weapons to Russia in
Bah Sanbor said that these two leaders are well known in the political field in the state and they are also well experienced in this field, so it would be very appropriate for them if they enter the state. Shillong, November 01: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Thursday welcomed them to the BJP. He said the UDP has already nominated its own candidate for the Shillong seat in the Lok Sabha elections next year.
The body will be laid to rest at the home of Archbishop Dominic Jala in Mawlai for the evening.
The Deputy Commissioner said the cost of the project is T.3.5 lakh to T.4 lakh and this money has been raised through CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility).
Shonroy Basan Higher Secondary School won the title by beating Friends United 2 goals to qualify for the next round of the tournament.
He said Ardent had directed them to remain in the alliance with the UDP because he wanted them to work together before the elections and after the elections.
Nongpoh, Nailur 26: A young woman has been killed by her husband in Pahamsyiem village today after they had been in a relationship for five months, said the Chief Police Officer. Ri Bhoi District and the residents of Ri Bhoi District have witnessed the murder of a young woman, who was found dead by the robber who fled after stabbing and cutting off her ryngdang. I'm going to go to this place in Pahamsyiem.
This question arises from the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
Leaders of the Sur ka Bri U Hynniewtrep, carrying placards in their hands, stood with the intention of entering the State Legislative Assembly, but the police stopped them before they reached the house. in the State Legislative Assembly.
This happened in Garojan Village, which before the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam, initially fell under Meghalaya, but through the MoU signed between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma. Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, the village has fallen under Assam.
Armageddon will happen only one day but the most terrible and last before Jesus Christ rules for 1000 years here on earth.
However, the MDA government doesn't have the slightest respect for the people because corruption in the illegal mining and quarrying of coal has been found out by the High Court. Spend money to buy buses to buy those electric buses, will these work to the extent that it is like the light saw light jyrngam scheme which has disappeared now in Shillong and those Mini buses have also become like these four buses and have been found to have been parked in one place without any improvement and have been left to rot.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah WB Rynjah, said that the tournament is part of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the Seng Khasi College. take the opportunity to hold many programmes.
Shillong, November 11: The employees of the Rural Bank today launched a strike in front of the headquarters of the bank at Khyndailad. on the lack of action to meet their demands even today.
“We will not contest the MDC elections next year to strengthen KHNAM but we will contest to strengthen the District Council and to completely change its working methods and to use the powers given properly. by the Sixth Schedule," he said.
Whoever is mad, you know the bang or the buid.
He said that those policemen who work in other areas where there is no food or beverages have been allocated to the Police Reserve Jowai.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Special Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today decided to invite KHNAM, one of the ethnic parties, to join the synrop or alliance before the upcoming elections. state.
Shillong, July 23: The Meghalaya Newspaper Hawkers and Vendor Association (MNH&VA) has announced that the 26th July will be a public holiday for newspapers in Shillong. ) has invited all newspaper vendors from Shillong and other districts of the state to visit the Don Bosco Museum at Mawlai Phudmuri on this holiday at 11 am morning.
In July 2021, Justice Chandrachud said, “Although many judges of the Supreme Court have argued that the Adhar Act enshrines money.
Before the team left the city, the sports department held a meeting at the headquarters of the department to congratulate the team.
“Now we are trying to stand on our own feet and once MeECL is ready, the promise is to employ all the casual workers”.
EGH, on the other hand, did not do well in their innings and were stopped at 47 runs.
Many Khasi youths were injured after being bombed and tied in foreign countries.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The power struggle between the ruling ARPA and the opposition KHUDA will be held tomorrow in the KHADC. , but as the opposition (KHUDA) is wrong, the Chairperson of the House, Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew, has fixed tomorrow for a meeting after the opposition has raised the issue.
Nongkrem Candidate for Nongkrem Constituency Bah Lambor Malngiang and President of the Women's Wing Pretty Kharpyngrope were also present on the occasion.
The cost is estimated at Rs 6 lakh.
Referring to the BJP's decision to support the NPP, the RDA candidate said, “Let us speak clearly, they have worked together in Parliament for many years, they have supported the CAB, they have I am not surprised that they will work together in this election...let the people decide”.
During this training, farmers will be trained to make three types of self-made fertilizers which farmers can make themselves and using only the necessary equipment.
After a search operation, police have seized the bus number AS24-AC-1151 from Silchar with the intention of going to Guwahati. Police have seized 921 grams of heroin packed in 30 soap boxes.
The DC said that according to the government's announcement dated 13th July 2020, the price of Sumo, Bolero, Ertiga, Maxx, Scorpio, Innova, Force Cruiser should not exceed T.131.2 per head. Santro, Kwid, Wagon R and Celerio should not exceed T.288 per head. 211 new cases of COVID-19, 7 deaths bringing the death toll to 1322 in the state. Thursday.
It is to be recalled that on the midnight of the 2nd July 2020, this robber robbed and attacked the longrynieng of this woman and tried to kill her by stabbing her with a knife. carry in hand.
He said the NPP government has been able to spend up to Rs 15,000 crore only for roads in the state.
Prestone's remarks came a day after the VPP opposed the government's decision to allocate more land for the relocation of people from Them Metor.
He said that those teachers who have not yet received the confirmation, should do so immediately as without the confirmation they cannot apply for the benefit.
The construction of the project, funded by the BCCI, is ongoing and is expected to be completed in November this year.
Among these seven demands, the first is on the demand to increase the budget allocation to the Ministry of Agriculture and the departments in charge of agriculture so that it will be of benefit to the people. farmers.
In an order issued on 24th July, the Meghalaya High Court said that since the State Government has approved and done what is necessary to implement the Act of the Government of India relating to landlords and complete or prepare to make rules for the Street Vending Act
Dustbins were distributed to schools and colleges.
You are in Shillong.
Ratacherra Cultural Sports Club and Bataw Football Club have qualified for the second round of the 3rd Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association.
Man must take the STIEH OF FAITH, BECAUSE FAITH IS THE STIEH by which you can defeat the missiles of Satan.
New Delhi, July 25: U President of India, Pranab Mukherjee, on Tuesday expressed his concern for the need for a strong government in the country in the upcoming elections. to destroy the victory of the members, will allow the exploiters and will be a great destruction to the country as a whole.
If they are not true, the government should have taken strong action against those who accuse it and demand responsibility from them,” said Dr Mukul Sangma.
Samson Swer scored in the 4th minute and Dawanlang Laloo in the 36th minute.
When asked whether the Daju in Iew Dielang charge T.16 tyngka per quintal of synsar, the traders charge T.16 per quintal of synsar, the Chief Farmer said that they charge 2 kilos per quintal of synsar. The farmers have 1 kilo quintal of rice, while Khar Kaia has 1 kilo of rice per quintal.
Shillong, March 9: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today inaugurated a Help Desk.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: After suffering for many years due to the lack of electricity, the village of Iooksi has now become ready after receiving adequate electricity.
Now the people in Nongkrem grow only kubi, muli and phan and I suggested that they grow soh.
Rs 3 crore has also been allocated to replace the electrical wires with steel across the state and MeECL is still seeking more funds for the implementation of the project.
They also requested the MeECL to provide the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer in Amlarem from the office to the equipment. There is a shortage of staff and linemen in Amlarem Sub-Division especially in these days when it has received the center.
However, unfortunately, before the party could judge according to the law of the party, the owners of the land came out to protect him.
We as women are responsible for the life and death of the nation; We strongly condemn this writing by Kong Patricia Mukhim and we cannot accept such writings to defame the nation in front of the world.
Thousands of people attended the meeting.
Regarding the distribution of medicines, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun said that the reason why he as an MLA and MDC took action in distributing medicines in these villages and areas, is to However, as it is now in Ri Bhoi, the most affected villages are within this constituency.
They also said that there are many patients who are still being left behind and they appealed to the leaders, various organizations and private sector to come forward for the adoption of children like Nikshay Mitra for the TB patients as the government's goal. to eliminate TB before 2030 will be successful.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) has expressed its surprise over the exploitation of parking by the Municipal Board in Motphran area.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, congratulated the DSEO and SDSEO for taking the initiative to hold the celebration to honor and recognize their contribution. teachers to spread knowledge and also who are the builders of the future of the country.
He said that if the meeting does not reach anywhere , another HSPDP may emerge and that will be the HSPDP of those old people who used to follow Bah Hoping and who used to be with him They also called themselves HSPDP (Hoping).
Shillong, November 25: The Indian Audit and Accounts Department (IAAD) in Shillong has celebrated the third Audit Day with programs from 16 to 24 November
Furthermore, the union has urged the authorities to look into the incident which has caused the bridge to collapse. make it happen.
It can be said that the cleaning of the Umkhrah River has been a hot topic for the past few years and this issue will soon be resolved.
Bah Hek also distributed Smart Cards to some of the residents to benefit from this scheme.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the shooting and killing of Khasi by foreigners from time to time in the state especially in Shillong, which is surrounded by foreigners.
Unless the Lord guards the city, The watchman stays awake invain " Psalm 127:1.
NESO and GSU do not believe that Garo Hills should fall under martial law and therefore NESO strongly opposes the implementation of martial law in Garo Hills. Shillong, November 09: Police in Meghalaya and Assam this morning have arrested an attempt to kidnap a trader in North Garo Hills.
After that, she went on to further her studies in Food Processing Technology under the Colombo Plan Program of the University of New South Wales.
“Let him that is unrighteous become more unrighteous: he that is unrighteous become more unrighteous: he that is righteous, let him become more righteous: let him that is holy become holy”.
According to Chudhury, if the price of synsar is T.60, it will increase even more through the release of the TP. recognize synsar as an Agro Forestry Product.
He also praised the Parish Mawbri for taking this step to set an example for others to preserve the environment and the special gifts of God to mankind.
He said that if the people really support the TMC and win Dr. Saralin Dorphang, all the villages in Mawhati constituency will get many development works and it will become a village. blessings to the people of this area as a whole.
“The fight for the title will not be easy, although the team we will play against (NEROCA FC) has lost in both the last two games, but the club will not take it stingy because Shillong Lajong will fight as hard as they can to win the title,” said Bah Bobby Lyngdoh.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 01: With the intention of giving their full support to Everest Manner, who has reached the grand finale of the Meghalaya Super Star 2016 held in Shillong, on Thursday, the leaders of the RBYF, Byrnihat Circle, has organized a live show at Moonlight, Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District, to showcase the dancing talent of this young man and as a big support from the people of the area.
However, the District authorities through the Magistrate came to talk to them and informed them that Section 144CrPC has been enacted and they cannot stand by force.
Shillong, Lber 9: U Bah Rana Kharkongor, one of the famous singers of Ri Khasi, who recently joined the United Democratic Party (UDP), today resigned from the party. Kharkongor has been appointed President of the Umpling Unit and has announced that he has resigned from the UDP on 8th October.
She added that she is proud of the NPP for allowing her to stand as an MP candidate. She has already traveled to 36 constituencies to meet and receive blessings from all the religious leaders and political party leaders. different.
Indariakor K Wanniang finished the innings with 48 runs off 49 balls for nine fours for SWKH. However, Bimla Thakuri took two wickets for 40 runs. Anjelica Maring and Doilna Martin took 10 wickets each.
Shillong, July 3 : The National People's Party (NPP), which has been leading the MDA government for nearly three years, will start its election campaign by holding a rally at Polo Ground on the 12th. This month and at this meeting will also announce all the candidates for the MLA election 2023 from all the constituencies of the state.
In Shillong, the maximum temperature was 15.7 degrees Celsius and the lowest temperature was 5.5 degrees Celsius, in Sohra it was 14.6 degrees Celsius and 8.4 degrees Celsius, in Umiam it was 21.8 degrees Celsius and 3.5 degrees Celsius respectively.
The Government of India today advised those over 65 years of age not to leave their homes after a man died in Punjab today. children under 10 years of age, to stay at home.
The Meteorological Department has warned that tomorrow, there will be a thunderstorm, blowing at a speed of 50 to 60 kilometers and there will also be cold and heavy rain in parts of the state.
If there is any risk that the virus will spread, it can be said that it is at this time (by someone else's actions or by chance).
“In the politics of the Constitution, it is not pleasant to criticize or accuse anyone with rude words, such as a nation that knows that it has rules. Therefore, it would be better for us to respect the language of the thylliej and not to speak it while we find ourselves using words that are not pleasant even in the society because from the speech of the elders it can cause mislead and teach evil even to children.
“The BJP has taken part in the meeting of all political parties convened by the Chief Minister and approved a special committee in which there was also a party leader.
At the same time, he asked why the villagers don't inform him if anyone encounters any problems so that he can take the necessary action.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1 : The BJP has now decided to form a government as its President Ernest Mawrie has said that the BJP will win more than 10 MLAs and form a government in
Then they started following the chief officer and sending emails/messages to these colleagues saying that they were at an important meeting and couldn't call, so they started asking them to let them. to buy Amazon E-gift cards for them and send proof via Whatsapp or Email.
Nongstoiñ: The Nongriat Farmers & Environmental Conservation (Environmental Conservation Cum Tourism Society) on Saturday launched an Eco Tourism Program at Nongriat WKH. , Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as the chief guest.
There is no one who knows, no one who is wise, who can destroy it.
Momin, 28, of Araimile, WGH (BJP), Brendip R. Marak, 34, of Dalu, Akanrik M. Sangma, 21, of Araimile, WGH (BJP).
It is worth mentioning that these 12 border areas with Assam were identified in 2010 during the tenure of Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, through the collection of documents from Assam. Hima from the District Councils and sent to Assam to look after and know these areas which have a border with Assam.
In the past four years, China has banned the screening of Superheros since 2019, which has caused huge losses to theaters in the country.
He said that the performance of Tura MP Agatha K Sangma is not good for the people of Garo but the people of Khasi-Jaintia know better the performance of Bah Vincent H Pala as MP in these areas. that 15 years.
India won the first match 5-0 and in the second match 4-0 in Bishkek to qualify for the second round.
I, as a citizen of India, cannot accept it.
If the government transfers these jobs to private owner schools or mission schools, which have their own recruitment system, they will not accept teachers. who were moved by the government.
However, it is sad to say that some of the mountains have been completely destroyed and there is not a single tree left.
In the middle of the match, Turiap FC scored the first goal and before the end of the half, NH6 FC turned the tide.
Shillong, March 6 : U BJP MLA from South Shillong Constituency and Minister in the MDA government, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that the BJP will never withdraw from the government. The MDA has not yet announced that it will leave the government.
Nongpoh: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi-Umiam Area, through its office bearers, including Bah Sent Thabah as Chairman, Bah PB Sylliang, Secretary, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, Vice Chairman and and other office bearers of the union, have expressed their views to the government, not to think or act hastily in the construction of the 11 Mini Secretariats in the state, but to think or create ways and means to improve and bring peace to two important bridges in the state, one is the Heavy Bridge at Umiam and the other is the Dwar Ksuid Bridge at Umroi Shillong Bye. -Pass.
The Director General of Police (DGP) while speaking to the media said that the incident in Tura was caused by the incident. dep to be cleansed.
Samlin said that the NPP has a strong presence in the state, enough leaders and it was seen that the party has a goal to lead the state better in terms of the benefits of the people. the whole people.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) on Saturday concluded the AFC Grassroots Day at the Polo Ground, Shillong with the participation of more than 200 children.
The months of July and June are the months when every household lives as well as possible so that they can cover the cost of textbooks, copies, plates and other expenses. schools attended by children are usually required to be provided on time.
Metbah said that the people of Sohiong want to repay the services of their former MLA HDR Lyngdoh by electing his brother HDR Lyngdoh. The Government of Kupar Roy Lyngdoh.
Kohima: The Konyak Union has demanded that Home Minister Amit Shah should retract his irresponsible and misleading speech in Parliament and immediately rejected the statement that say that the soldiers were shooting by mistake, or that the soldiers were shooting at the civilians, with the intention of protecting themselves.
Nongpoh: On receiving information that the Assam Police together with members of the Karbi Student Association, have blocked vehicles from Meghalaya to deliver food items to the Khasi villages in Block-2 of Ri Bhoi district, Police from Ri Bhoi, through Umiam Police Station and Mawlasnai Police Outpost, have raided two vehicles carrying food items, which were planning to deliver food items to Pdengtleit village.
The Superintendent of Police, WJHD in a statement said, “Finally, justice has been done after the Session Judge, WJH, Jowai through sufficient evidence has found that Aloi Suiam is guilty of He was sentenced to life imprisonment under Section 302 IPC.
He said that as a party that looks after the welfare and income of the people in the rural areas, the party will not allow such robbers, who don't think anymore. The union also requests the Rangbah Shnongs, land owners and residents not to be deceived by these selfish people, said Bah Thangkhiew.
Explaining on the statement by these party leaders and those who have left the party on the allegations that the party has not been able to elect leaders, the UDP leader in Ri Bhoi, said that They dare to make such statements, when in fact the party has been able to elect many leaders from the UDP party and those who have won from the constituencies.
He invited the women who have joined or formed SHGs to support themselves.
Replying to a question, the CM said, “It is true that we have made it clear to the HNLC in many talks through the ksiang that if they really have the desire in relation to the talks, so too will the HNLC. Such illegal activities should be stopped because there have been some incidents that have happened recently which I don't want to talk about in detail, but we have already talked to them in the past and now We also insist that while we are on the road to continue the peace talks, such illegal activities should stop immediately.
Police sources said that the fire was caused by the vehicle itself and it was not caused by anyone.
On the other hand, Somith K Sangma, President of Tarabari Regional Unit Border, said that these five villages which are in the middle of the border dispute want to be with Meghalaya.
The decision to support the NPP candidates was taken by the BJP's top committee led by JP Nadda.
The petition demands that all Indians should have the right to move freely throughout the country and to implement Sections 2, 3 and 4 of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, The ILP should not restrict Indians, as it is against Articles 14, 15, 19 and 21 of the Constitution.
On the other hand, the union also found that the water supply system is very dirty because the water top or filter is not clean, because it has been left uncleaned and what is sad is that the water supply system is not cleaned. The water tank is filled with larvae that breed inside the water tank and then inside the tank is filled with hands even until the larvae can spread and cause disease.
The bridge collapsed due to the movement of a dumper truck carrying shyiap beyond the border until the bridge could no longer stand and collapsed.
“Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that if the people give their full support in this MP election, she promises to work hard to be a ksiang to fight for the interests of the state.
In the past many months, we have disrupted the movement of the people of the State as a whole, by detaining tens of thousands of people across Ri Khasi Jaintia, for the sake of one death and 3, 4 people were sick; but now, when there are about 500 cases, we have learned to cordon off only those places where there is danger.
“They have demanded that they should register those who have to be transferred from other districts and confirm the Reserve Casual Workers (RCWs),” she said.
No arrests were made as the suspects fled the scene after the BSF raided the area and during the search, several cows were seized.
One woman said that she had been working with Blah for two years and there was a case at a meeting when he expressed that he wanted to sleep with her but she didn't want to. She said that within 6 months she didn't get a job from him and she gave the jobs that she should have got to other actresses whom she had a close relationship with. said it had terminated its relationship with the Agency.
There are 48 new cases of covid-19 in Mawsyntai District Jail today.
In the past few months, there have been many news that we don't think about but if you think carefully, they are very important and meaningful.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit led by President Rikman G Momin together with Cabinet Minister AL Hek today met with the Minister of Home Affairs. in Shillong.
“It is necessary to introduce and implement a strong law to curb the drug trafficking because the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act 1985 has been passed. it is not the law that does not have many shortcomings.
On this occasion, the Secretary and Finance Secretary of the Central Executive Committee presented the reports of the Central Executive Committee. Mr. Melding, Mr. Bansharai and others.
Speaking at a meeting of BJP MPs, Modi said the ruling party was pursuing a straight politics while the opposition was pursuing a strategy of division.
“The government should take action and punish these people involved in taking the life of Bah Cheristerfield.
Regarding the government's plan to ban the clothes vendors from continuing their work on Motphran Bridge, the clothes vendors said that on that day they will sit as usual, “If They said don't go up, we will go up and we will sit down,” said the President of the Union of Motphran Jain Sellers Saralin Wanniang, Marjroie Kharbteng and Eric Nongbet. Speak to reporters at Shillong Press Club.
China is now implementing strict laws to curb the spread of violence, especially in view of the preparations for the Winter Olympics in June 2022, in the country.
He said that from the moment he composed this song, there was a blessing from God that this song would be heard all over the country.
It is an attempt to mislead anyone,” said Bah Ronie, who is the chief minister of the government.
On the other hand, he also congratulated the youth of Raid Mathan for their vision in honoring these youths. education and the most important thing in their lives is that they should have a goal in their lives to do well in their studies, because only those who have a goal and work hard will reap the fruit. Their hard work for the sake of their bright future, he added.
Princi has lodged a complaint with the police regarding the incident and Sekharaia is still undergoing treatment at NEIGHRIS, after being unable to be treated at Civil Hospital. Hospital.
Shillong, Lber 26 : Rangdajied United FC beat Sawmer SC 3-2 in the first leg of the SSA Shillong Premier League Division 2023- 24 at the SSA Stadium.
“As the party, we believe that the works and legacies of Mrs. Spility Lyngdoh Langrin have been a source of inspiration and encouragement to the members of the party and the nation to stand firm on their foundation.
Because the raїot are more widespread around the state, within or outside the borders of the state and are more willing to stand up for their own welfare, they are more likely to do wrong or even to fight. against the indigenous people through the law and the instruments of the government.
Young people of our country, I commend you for your courage and hard work for the country and the nation.
The times and days have passed and it is not long before we will have another opportunity to take a decision for the country and the nation.
Although the word Tar means the same when tar pynjot means to cut, the same word means when used when Tar Kpong.
He said that there is nothing else that can be buried for the loss of these precious souls and the incident of these incidents is due to the lack of governance in the state and this is due to the lack of governance. of the 60 representatives we selected.
The greatest threat to any nation on this earth is the forgetfulness or ignorance of the ancestors of their heroes, the great thinkers who fought to save their nation from the attacks. foreign rule and at the same time from eternal slavery.
Nongstoiñ, July 29: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Nongstoin Circle will hold a meeting on the 31st of this month at Mawlangkhar to strengthen the party.
In an attack on a polling station in Kabul, 15 people were killed and 20 others injured, bringing the death toll in Kabul alone to more than 100 people.
Look at the workers who come to Meghalaya without permits.
Nongpoh: The Badminton Tournament organized by the Byrnihat Sports Association at Moonlight Indoor Stadium on Saturday night came to an end.
In the Under-8 category, Markasa SC beat St Joseph Secondary School 8-0, Amigos FC beat Little Star Clouded Leopard FC 1-0 Marngor SC beat Seven Brother School 4-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Matamlin Pyrbot said, “I was involved in the formation of the BJP in the state. I have joined the party again with the intention of contesting the election and I have gone ahead, but in this case, I am surprised that the people are confused about the ticket we have just chosen. “It's a shame because it's not like we're going to lose this seat,” he said.
Speaking on the State Police, Bah Synrem said that there are two types of police – a group of policemen who bomb people, male policemen who attack and bomb women, policemen who have -60 people standing with weapons such as masks and guns to protect foreign factories, as well as a police team ordered by foreign officials of Topcem to bomb the son of Hynniewtrep.
Earlier, a short meeting was held and welcoming remarks were delivered by Dr.D.Lyngdoh BDO Amlarem. He said that Shkenpyrsit village has improved in the field of agriculture through the hard work of the farmers. the village.
On the night of October 27-28,
In the past 50 years, the village has received blessings from the government but there are still many shortcomings in terms of roads, education and health.
Respect: Many times we expect respect from children just because they are younger and less knowledgeable than adults, many adults forget that it is necessary to take care of respect and concern for them and this is also evident for parents over their children.
Speaking to media, Phoebe Nongrum said that this is the first time that a Drift Show has been held in Shillong.
Both the Pulsar vehicles were destroyed.
“I know that my father loves us, he is proud and happy that change will come in this state as he wanted,” said Conrad K Sangma.
The Meghalaya Professional Boxing Council (MPBC) congratulates Shanborlang for taking part in this tournament.
In the final, it was a very interesting and equal match, so the draw in the first half led to a 0-0 draw.
He said the first issue they did not agree on was the increase in the number of seats in the KHADC which the Committee had recommended to 40 seats in the District Councils.
Know where such acts of violence will lead.
However, it is unfortunate that the KHADC has not taken any action on this issue to improve the Khadar rule of the Hima Mylliem because everyone knows that all the revenue from the Hima Mylliem has turned into The ATM belongs only to a few people and for this reason for decades this Hima in the middle has been in darkness and the Acting Syiem has remained in the Hima Mylliem only for the benefit of a few people. .
Bah Sanbor urged the Dorbar Shnongs to assist the police department so that more CCTV cameras can be installed and these should be monitored by the Dorbar Shnongs.
“This is to destroy my position, which I have worked hard to improve in these days”.
A small trial in humans may soon be possible in the future.
The statement said that speeches and explanations will be heard on that day, including Bah PN Syiem MLA/MDC and others.
The thanksgiving, the demblei and the knia ka khriam to God the Creator, to the Kings, to the 'leiryngkaw of the Raij have been completed since these past few days and on this 15th July. It was only the closing day of the ceremony and the Rotrongs were buried at the Madan Aitnar Pyrda Ialong.
In my experience, which has been in this party for 40 years, I have seen that after the death of Maieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, many kinds of problems have arisen. as you have done with Maieid before.
To express its gratitude and appreciation to the State Government for supporting the introduction of scientific coal mining, on the 3rd of this month, the mining lease holders from the Central Government who The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, who was also the chief guest, held a program to honor the Chief Minister.
Therefore, the family members of the deceased urge anyone who has seen or has any information about this woman to call the following numbers: 9612361701 & 9774219726, or to the nearest police station.
Thus, ‘A’ can marry only ‘B’ who is married next to him.
I have gone to the house of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh many times and asked him to cooperate,” said Conrad.
Shillong, Nailur: The APSTA will continue to celebrate the 174th death anniversary of Rev (L) Thomas Jones I, better known as the father of The Khasi Alphabet will be held on the 16th of this month at Umkor Urksew Stadium, Pynursla from 10 am.
Regarding this incident, some parents have vowed that if the food shortage continues, they will not be able to take their children from Tura.
Imphal, Lber 28 : India beat Kyrgyzstan 2-0 in the Tri-Nation International Football Championship on Saturday at the Khuman Lampak Stadium. and the people were afraid on this day.
In fact, the use of plastic bags has been banned by the Government since 23rd June, 2001 through a Notification issued under the “Meghalaya Prohibition of Low Density Plastic Bags Act”. , 2001 (Act No.4 of 2001)” which prohibits the use of plastics with a thickness of not less than 50 microns.
But the truth is that we must walk under God's rule.
The score was 101 runs after Swastic was bowled by Neizekho who scored 3/66 in 27 overs.
“I don't know how many times Bah Sanbor Shullai went to the Assembly.
They were identified as Shanborlang Khongwir of Riatsamthiah and Banker Lyngdoh of Pahamsyiem. Police have registered a case against them. They are conducting investigation to identify others involved in the incident.
“All the answers of the government are stupid and it cannot answer the questions,” said Bah Paliar.
Shillong: U Sanjay Goyal, Commissioner & Secretary, Transport Department, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that he has received complaints from passengers at Umroi Airport that commercial taxis are overcharged.
There are rivers like Riangken, Radiak, Ryndi, Pormawiap, Matsaw, Porla, Porsuhbuit, Kiang and Jira.
Pynshngaiñ said the District Council will allocate special funds for the market from the Special Assistance Scheme received from the central government to improve the entry points to the market through Iewmawlong and Motphran.
He said that according to the reply of the PIO, it was found that there are employees who have been appointed only on contractual basis and the jobs they should do are only for MNEGA and PMAY. but until now they have not worked in Rambrai.
The reservation is based on Article 14 of the Constitution of India, which deals with two issues, equality before the law and equal protection of the laws.
Shillong, Nailur, 09: With the goal of fighting against the trafficking of u The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) Guwahati Zonal Unit has seized 47 kilos (4,70,000) of methamphetamine worth T. crore in the market.
Shillong, March 26: Many people without disabilities complain that they don't have jobs and don't have the opportunity to do any work that will provide them with food. , but one of the elders, Bah Dispi Kharbuli from Laitlyngkot village who has a physical disability but a hard working spirit and determination to earn his own living and stand on his own feet even in the midst of Disability shows that the strong will and determination of man even in the midst of trials cannot prevent anyone who is sincerely determined to do anything.
According to the NDA Government, the new Act will further expand the forests and allow the planting of profitable trees outside those forest areas.
And the worst and most surprising thing is that they know that the SHYNRANG KHASI are those who have no power or authority in the future.
New Delhi, Jymmang 22 : The National People's Party (NPP) on Monday decided to prepare for the MP elections in the country and also for the MLA elections to be held in Mizoram.
Sabina won the Mrs India Universal title at the Mrs South Asia India 2017 pageant organized by Ms.Aizya Joshi ( Naaz Joshi) – National Director.
I like these old stories.
In the end, the search for the cause of the BJP leader ended like this because on the part of the BJP leaders as well as the BJP MLAs, it was a markhongpong.
On this day, the people took to the streets to welcome the man who returned to his village in traditional costume.
“My goal if I win is to bring an agriculture office in Lum Diengïei, to bring a degree college in Lum Diengïei because in Sohiong there is one, it's going to be two," he said.
Therefore, we will work hard to achieve the goals of the party,” said Dr. Mukul.
In East Jaintia Hills, 84 per cent, while in West Jaintia Hills, 82.45 per cent, according to the government.
On behalf of the District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills, Bah.
Speaking to media, MUSO President A Jyrwa said that the audition was postponed due to the internet shutdown last month. Many of the people who wanted to take part did not have the opportunity.
Lanong said that if the investigation is completed and if it is found that the actions of these policemen are right, the government can re-appoint them.
The Union of Village Authorities of Ri Bhoi Mihngi (UVV) held a meeting on 16th July 2020 at CHC Bhoirymbong in the presence of George B Lyngdoh MLA Umroi Constituency, Bah R Kharbihkhiew MCS. Members of the Union and other Rangbah Shnongs and Elders of Lumdaitkhla Village, After a thorough discussion on how to curb the spread of malaria in Ri Bhoi, From 21 st July, 2020, the Ri Bhoi Mihngi area will fully implement the laws of the state and the country to punish and fine those who violate the law during this time of Pandemic. ) Covid19, under the Epidemic Act 1897, IPC188, Covid19 Regulation Act and Natural Disaster Act.
He said that for those who cannot produce or bring their EPICs, they should bring these documents to identify themselves such as Aadhaar Card, MGNREGA Job Card, Passbooks with photographs from banks/Post Offices. , Health Insurance Smart Card under the scheme of the Ministry of Labour, Driving License, PAN Card, Smart Card issued by RGI under the NPR, Indian Passport, Pension Certificate with photographs, Service Identity Card with photographs Official Identity Cards issued for MPs/MLAs/MDCs and Unique Disability ID (UDID) Card issued by the Ministry of Social Justice & Empowerment, Government of IndiaThe DEO said that if there are cases where there are irregularities or incorrect names in the EPIC, or the photographs do not match other irregularities in the EPIC, it must be verified. from these other certificates mentioned above so that voters can have the right to vote.
Phidashisha Suting (Sub-Junior Semi Contact 44kg), Ibandalin Slong (Junior Light Contact 43 Kg), Kerrymarchborn Dkhar (Senior Full Contact 51 Kg) and Rickynelson Sohtun (Senior Light Contact 51 Kg) won the bronze medals. ).
According to the definition, slums are those areas where there are no good roads, inadequate drains, and other public amenities.
Of the 35,572 samples sent for testing, 34,657 were negative and 112 were awaiting results.
Speaking at the programme, Governor Chauhan said that the people of India trust in democracy according to the provisions of the Constitution of India.
¢Do not allow inspectors or outsiders to enter electrical installations, substations, power generation or distribution points except employees recognized by MeECL or electricity company.
Shillong, June 22: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow and regret over the MDA government's decision to legislate against gambling in the state.
In this regard, the JSU urges the seven MLAs of Lum Jaintia Hills to take action to resolve the issue so that the MPSC can bring back the Center in Jowai which has been dissolved. The party said that if the government does not do wrong, it will take other measures.
The vehicle was on its way to Barpeta, Assam when it was seized.
Shillong, July 02 : A group of commercial vehicles including the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) and the Union of Urban and Khapsor Taxi Drivers (SNTSK) on Thursday protested against the order of the Taxi Drivers. District Administration to operate Odd/Even commercial vehicles in Shillong with the aim of reducing traffic jam in the city.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the President of the RKRS, Kolmen Pohshna, said, “We demand that the state government should stop the division of constituencies in JHADC. to many villages".
“Any people who take part in any protests during such times will be prosecuted under Sections 4, 5, 6 and 7 of the Act,” said A Nikhla, Director Corporate Affairs.
Before the candlelight vigil, a short meeting was held, in which the party leaders expressed their condolences to the families of the victims. to the paradoh of blood in this area.
Those who are in Khanduli village will be held on
The match was very interesting in which Khliehmawlieh, although they scored 10 goals in the first half, did not lose hope but fought hard and had some chances but did not score. Rangdajied United's defenders played well without allowing Khliehmawlieh to score.
They were sworn in by Rev R.Nongbri, in the presence of Mr. Trans-formally Bareh as the chief guest, Mr. S.Sympli Symbud Guestsan, the police departments of the area, the parents of the students who passed the examination. tuition.
Shillong, Nailar, 06: The India's Most Prominent Food & Hospitality Awards-2023 have been awarded to more than 40 food and beverage hospitality experts. and the knowledge to respect others in their lives.
KL Pariat has convened a meeting on Saturday at Chilliangraij, Jowai with the Union of Village Leaders of Jowai, Jaintia Hills and some Waheh Shnongs and residents of Jowai and Jaintia Tribal Traders Association.
After learning that the residents of the area, on Saturday, visited Baridua village, to encourage them and also to urge them. that they should not be afraid or dismayed, but should always obey what the government has commanded.
She stressed the need for willingness along with the promise of Government support in this regard.
On the other hand, BJP President Ernest Mawrie said, “I urge the DGP to strengthen the security forces in the area so that the people can be safe”.
Ms Sna also explained about the healing properties of the Cinnamon Stick which she exports from Meghalaya.
Earlier, there was also a suggestion that the MCCL should move its headquarters to Sohra because the location in Shillong is meaningless because even if only one pin is needed, it has to come to Shillong. the reason for the collapse of this factory among others.
Due to the urgent need for an ambulance and other necessities inside the Screening Centre, these leaders of Ri Bhoi, before sending the petition, have informed the Prime Minister, by phone and that He urged him to take immediate action to provide for the needs of the Screening Centre.
He was brought to the village on Tuesday from Dispur Hospital before he died on Monday.
Shillong, Nailar 26 : The Assistant Inspector General of Police (A) on Friday denied that there was any evidence of misuse of 29 vehicles by the Assistant Inspector General of Police (A).
In the first match which was played at 2:30 pm, the PFR Football Academy started the tournament in a beautiful manner where the girls of Umpling did not score a single goal. until the end of the game minute.
Even after the government has allowed shopkeepers and vendors to open shops and vehicles on special days and numbers, it has been found that many shopkeepers have failed to comply with the additional rules. COVID-19 to curb the spread of the disease in the district.
Jowai, July 23: The 9th Secondary School Football Knock-Out Tournament 2022-23 has started on Saturday. Thangbuli SC beat Nongmadan SC by a tie-breaker in the first leg of the tournament.
He said that the Lyngkien sub center has been under construction since 2012 and was inaugurated today.
Regarding this, the village has informed that it has not recognized him as a child of the village and has strongly condemned this action which has also dared to defame the village.
The MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency visited Phlang-kynshi Upper Primary School after receiving information from the management of the school that they are facing many problems in terms of providing the needs of the students. classrooms, a ground floor and other facilities.
The meeting was held after the incident of insurgency in the state especially in Garo Hills in recent months in which four policemen were killed.
The MPs of Meghalaya and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya should have been careful and surprised to convey this insult to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
I also agree with the decision of the Court because before signing the soskular (MoU) we are not stupid but we have read line by line not only lines but colons, semicolons, commas until fullstop the memoranda, documents because since 1972 the problem has started,” he said while speaking at a public meeting of the NPP held on Monday at Saitsohpen, Shella constituency.
V Sohkhlet said the government's deployment of BSF in the border area is to provide security, but they are killers and the presence of BSF has created instability. .
He said that the construction of roads in New Shillong Township worth T.343 crore has been progressed in New Shillong including from Ummir to Mawkhanu, Kynoton to Lyngkien, Bellefonte to New Shillong. Township, from Diengpasoh to Shillong Bypass and from Bribah Mawpat to New Township.
Referring to the absence of a single MLA from Garo Hills, Dr Jemino said he does not know why the UDP has declined in Garo Hills. In the MDC elections 2019, the party's vote share has increased and in the mid-term elections, the Rajabala constituency has also increased significantly.
Jowai, Naitung 07: The Independence Day Cub Under-17 Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The incident happened on Tuesday.
Manstudy said that the conversion of the old dorbar hall into an office has upset many MDCs and has humiliated them because the seat of the MDCs has not been removed but has been kept as it is. Bah Manstudy Nongrem suggested to the House to turn the old dorbar hall into a museum for the Council. Heritage or to make it a meeting place of the Chief Executive Members.
“Why are the ministers afraid of the Harijans because maybe it is because they have to go to Delhi every time they are afraid of being sent to Delhi because there are many Punjabis.
They were handed over to the Bholaganj PS for further investigation and a complaint was lodged against them.
At this meeting, Donald said that there is a need for all to work together to fight against the CAA to ensure that it will not work in the North East of India. .
Shillong: The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress has once again strongly criticized the ruling BJP government in Assam for trying to verify through its investigation teams how many Christian churches there are in Assam. this area.
And they cried out, saying, What have we to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of God? Matthew 8:29.
They can be shot with small trees or shrubs as in Khasi-Jaintia, or they can be slaughtered with cows as in Dkhar.
The program looks at showcasing India’s opportunities in food processing to investors, leaders and partners from around the world.
West Khasi Hills won 8 gold, 6 silver and 11 bronze medals.
The players along with the leaders will leave the state for Kolkata today.
Looking back on the match, it can be said that the match was equal in which both the teams had each other's chances to score.
He said there should be no doubt in this regard because the Government and the Legislative Assembly do not accept anything that brings about the violation of customs, traditions and religion.
In these twenty (20) years in the work of the Church I have met dozens of people who have not gone to school and do not know A, B, but when I talk to them I find that they are understanding and judgment.
“The idea of ​​this song is about the importance of unity and support for each other.
In 2017, the Court expressed its satisfaction that the State Government has taken the initiative to hold the Municipal Elections and has no intention of continuing to hold the Municipal Elections. on the case filed at the time.
The expenditure on all these activities is staggering.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has prepared for the Senior Women's T20 Trophy of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) on Tuesday. that will be held in Vadora and which will kick off next month.
?" Bah Let said first. "Yes Bah..." The para replied. "Then how do they get the money..." Bah Let asked again.
In athletics, Melibad Kro, Anrisha Klein, Rinalis Ingti, Balasiewdor Pathaw, Marqueenless Ramsiej, Himonki Khail, Bethlyne Grace Makri, Damang I Lyngdoh, Joytiful Narlong, Ibaihun Kurbah, Lyntijingkyrmen K. Jahrin, Tushal Silon M Sanbin Marak, Sajemiki Shylla, Chanangbirth R.Marak, Ioobiang Langstang, Pringchang N.Sangma, Donbok Shabong, Sanctify Pale, Pleasantly Synnah (Coach), Fidelia Sun (Manger).
AAY rice will be distributed at 35 kilos per household free of charge, PHH rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per month free of charge, while Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per month. The wholesale price shall not exceed 12.00/- per kilo and the wholesale price shall not exceed 14.00/- per kilo.
The land that the owner of the land has given is in the field.
At the same time, the VDP Sutnga Elaka, warns everyone not to pollute the area within the boundary of the Elaka especially to bring in the garbage from Jowai because of the Sutnga Elaka. you are not a place of bread.
Wajid Khan, one of the Bollywood composers and singer and composer, has died of Covid-19 this morning.
The Shad Sukra started yesterday in their respective villages with drama performances and today which is the market day, the children of the Raij Jowai from the parents, the young men and the young women came out in beautiful and bright clothes.
The Word of God says, exactly so it happened.
Not only that, but from now on, many schools in the city and even in the rural areas will affiliate to the Central Board like CBSE/ICSE, etc, like other schools like Pine Mount School, BK Bajoria, Army School and many central schools in the state.
“We elected the office bearers in 2019 and the term of office was about 3 years, but due to COVID and elections, we had to postpone this and the election of the office bearers will be held on the 29 date of the next month.
Speaking to media after being elected as CEM, Teinwel said, “We have sent the bills in the past but they remain standing and this is the first time. “It is necessary to improve the working of the Council,” he said.
DEHRADUN: A video of Baha Ramdev, in which he said, “No one dares to arrest me,” has surfaced today.
Although the cause of the fire is still unknown, it is suspected that it was caused by electricity.
A man of religious power.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui on Friday said that the government is facing difficulties in deploying patrol police to check the illegal mining of coal in the areas where and those who were in the neighboring villages.
The Seng said that their claim that they are educated youth is false, because educated people will never demand the release of a person who has been involved in rape.
Shillong, July 10: The North Eastern Hill University Teachers' Association (NEHUTA) has been waiting for the government to consider and act fairly on the issue of renewal of the RP. Shillong, July 10: The North Eastern Hill University Teachers' Association (NEHUTA) Prof. Lakhon Kma has been elected as President, Prof. DV Kumar as Vice-President and Dr. Marbhador M. Khymdeit as General Secretary. .
In the second innings, Marbisu CC won by 1 wicket and Dapkupar Nongrum was named Player of the Match.
Shillong, Naitung 16: Bollywood actor John Abraham on Tuesday, May 16, 2023, visited the Sports Authority of India Stadium, NEHU, Shillong. to meet the outstanding athletes selected for the Super Elite Pathway Programme, 2023, organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in collaboration with the Ministry of Sports of the state government.
The new thought of the mind to bring and distribute the lights of the past days of our ancestors teaches us to collect and hold them in order from the language of the thylliej. dress with dignity, manners, walk, stand, live righteously, work righteously and earn righteously, have a good spirit and have a knowledge of others, especially to love and honor God.
“In one of my meetings with Ardent, I asked him about his idea of ​​revolution and he explained his idea by saying that revolution means change.
Marak took two wickets each.
The draft electoral roll has been prepared according to the Registration of Electoral Rules 1960 with the qualifying date from
On the first day, on the 30th, there will be a marathon, an awareness program on the dangers of drugs, trekking, a screening of the film NUKSA, a fashion show and musical performances.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the three-day Athletic Games which started on 18th June 2022, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, expressed his satisfaction with the He said that sports and physical activities, such as reading, are very important because they help to refresh the minds of the students and through activities. Play, children can also learn many lessons for their daily lives.
They invite the people of the area to join the meeting from the youth, parents, elderly and children to support the Seng so that it can find ways and means to develop the area.
But he did not know at that moment that the Lord had departed from him.
“We wish you to continue to improve in your journalism and to continue to stand up for the dissemination of information to the state as a whole,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin, President HYC. On the other hand, we would like to express our support for the demands of the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) that the government should increase health insurance, provide pensions and implement the media policy.
Shillong, July 25 : The Congress Sohiong on Saturday confirmed new office bearers to prepare for the MLA elections following the departure of Bah HDR Lyngdoh and a group from the party to join the UDP. The new office bearers of the party were confirmed by the Vice President of the party, Bah Boldness L Nongum at a meeting held at Mawmaram.
Academy SC, Lily L.Nongkynrih scored the first goal for Rahjingshai S&CC in the 23rd minute.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar, 02: The District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) in collaboration with the District Disaster Management Officer (DDMO) has organized a program on 'NALSA' The program was held at the Hall of the District & Sessions Court, Mawkyrwat.
So far, no casualties have been reported except for the damage to several shops.
Now this family is looked after by my beloved mother along with the care of the first brother among these brothers.
Regarding these agricultural activities in the State, Ms Ampareen said that the Ministry has implemented the Mission Organic for Value Chain Development (MOVCDNER) funded by the Central Government with 28 FPOs. They have been planted and cultivated without chemicals.
The incident happened at Lad Amshipai, Amlarem Subdivision, West Jaintia Hills on Friday night.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Governor said that it is a pleasure for Meghalaya to host this youth festival in order to train the youth to work in social fields. .
Also present on the occasion were the Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Government Ministers including Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, High Commissioner of India Pranay Verma, MDCs of India. KHADC, the Chiefs and Chiefs of Nongkhlaw, Bhowal and Khyrim and others.
Upon his return to the United States, Pompeo gave a clear statement on China's attack.
Sadly, the UDP has strengthened the MDA 2.0 Government with its victory in the Sohiong Assembly Constituency.
Rajya Sabha MP Dr. WR Kharlukhi on Saturday launched a book on the activities and path of Moolamylliang Village, East Jaintia Hills District to bring about economic development and environmental protection.
Police also seized a Maruti Alto and three mobile phones used by the drug traffickers.
“You have trusted me for 10 years and now I am confident that this time, we will win two or three times more than we used to win in the previous elections. “Start winning again,” said Grace.
Now this work can be done by the poor but what is needed is for the Government to open the doors,” said Rao.
The MLA was on his way from Dibrugarh to Khonsa.
These things are done in order.
Former MCS officer Laben Ch Marak, who led the ACHIK strike, has questioned the government on the silence of the ACHIK. and also the lack of action by the district authorities of West Garo Hills.
Samlin Malngiang said that if he wins, he will complete the pending tasks and the new ones he will move forward and work harder than he has done in the past three years. the dep.
The incident took place at a police station in Pilibhit, Uttar Pradesh.
The Federal Government is committed to improving the healthcare infrastructure in the North East and providing quality healthcare services to the people of the region.
The word HISTORY is known in the Khasi language as KHANAPATENG. However, besides our Khanapateng, there are the Parom, Paju, Puriskam, Purinam, Thohthaw, Thohwet, and also the KHANAPARA stories. The House of Representatives, the Legislative Assembly, has many ministers, ministers and ministers.
And Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James, and Salome, went unto the sepulchre, and entered into the sepulchre, and saw two men sitting there, clothed in white raiment; and they were afraid.
He added that all this can only be achieved through cooperation.
The order was issued because it is expected that there will be a large number of vehicles from other districts to attend the festival as well as the public service which could cause traffic jam. many parts of the city and in the Upper Shillong area.
Congress MLA and Congress Campaign Committee Chief Kantilal Bhuria said the yatras are held to inform and improve the people about the lack of corruption. , and the discrimination against tribals and Dalits in the BJP-ruled state. Regarding the vision of the Assembly elections in the state, the Madhya Pradesh Congress will hold seven Jan Aakrosh Yatras' in seven different districts, said the party officials.
That is why the people rely on the power of wealth or money and are afraid of those who attack, the power of the people's voice has weakened and the dignity of the people has deteriorated in this age. now.
Panghal of Services, who won the Asian Games 2018, won the flyweight 48-51kg against Shivaji of Maharashtra by the judges.
A youth from Bishop Falls, Lower Mawprem, has been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills Police on Thursday and seized heroin from him.
Byrnihat, Jorabad, Khanapara areas are the areas that have been dominated by foreigners from the trade, jobs which are also the border areas with Assam and it is surprising that these foreigners who come to work They don't provide the necessary documents and follow the rules but they do whatever they want because no one dares to stop them.
In another match, Rangkynsai beat Nongkseh by 17 runs.
The Indica was damaged after a collision with a Bolero.
In the women's category, Medariphylla L.Nongbri (55kg) of St. Edmund's College, Banraad Kharkongor (60kg) of St. Edmund's College, Salam Zarienia Rapsang (65kg) of Synod College, Ladapbiang Malieh (75kg) of Seng Khasi College and Hathoithiem Gangte (80kg) of St. Edmunds College.
Participating in the discussion of the Governor's speech, Dr Mukul said that the MRSSA is one of the best laws in the world to curb the registration of foreigners and immigrants.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Gillagora and Upper Gillagora have learned that the residents of the state water supply department have disappeared and the police of Borosra out post have already searched the area. They have not yet submitted a report on who did this to destroy the water tanks of the water supply department, which have been installed in Hillagora village.
Moolamylliang village is 112 km from Shillong and 15 km from Khliehriat.
This law is based on the Fundamental Law of Religion.
At the end of the meeting, the Secretary of the Raid, Bah R.Mawiong, gave his gratitude and blessings to the Lyngdoh and Ministers who were present together with the Offices of the Basan of the Raid Mawlieh. they shall be able to continue to work well in the work of the Raid and the Hima.
“Think about the power of Parliament to define our rights, do we agree to say that we should go to our polling stations with the sound of a song, on our heads to say “If we do that, we will elect MPs only by singing,” he said.
Police alleged that these violated the rules of the visa.
Babu Birbor said the demand is to re-employ these teachers so that their families will not starve.
We were ready when we came here to play in the semi-finals and the team's dream is to win the title because we will go home with the trophy.
The lack of electricity supply to the Narpuh area has continued every year,” said Bamon.
Assam Finance Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma today said that Assam will accept up to 4 lakh foreigners to become citizens of the state.
I urge the VPP that if you feel that the NPP leaders are corrupt, I request them to lodge a complaint at the nearest Police Station or write to the Central Government to set up a CBI investigation or “The Enforcement Directorate or any Central Agency, please call them and let them investigate such corrupt people within the party,” said Bah Himalaya.
Many school children who passed through the area had to shave their heads and wear masks due to the slowness of the road.
Dy SP (Crime) Kong Crescency together with OC Nartiang PS Inspector H Kharnaior and President of the Seng Jowai, Kong R Mylliempdah, donated blankets to the residents of Iongkwang, West Jaintia Hills.
Nongpoh: The 1 KM road from Mawkapiah to Sajer, which was built under the SPF scheme, was inaugurated by the Nongpoh Proper Village Council on the occasion of the cleanliness drive. On the same day, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, distributed Work Orders to the Village Leaders of Nongpoh, for the improvement of the T.2.5 lakh for the dorbar hall and T.3 lakh for the SRWP scheme. When the road was opened to the public and the Work Order was distributed, besides the MLA, the Balajied Rani, MDC, P.Syiem, Additional SP of Ri Bhoi, Sylvester Mynsong, Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh, Michael Kharhunai, Secretary Shnong and other elders and village leaders of Nongpoh. .
He said the NPP has stood firm on the basis of working for the people and has worked hard to ensure that development works reach all the rural areas of the state.
I don't know anymore Sha no shano I don't know anymore.
The meeting was also attended by many members of the party from all over the villages and areas of East Khasi Hills.
According to the complaint, Arjon Wahlang, her brother, was seriously injured and was taken to the Civil Hospital Mairang for treatment. treatment.
Don't know what time is? The path to these kinds of questions in a post-truth world.
Police have arrested two persons, first Phrang Khyriem and then Bunlad Suchiang, who died at Woodland WK Hospital.
In 2021, when Bah Titos took over as CEM, the Bill was sent back after the amendments were followed carefully.
you are a son of a shipiah.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HNYM Leader Louis Dohtdong said that the HNYM leader turned to the Secretariat, which was blocked by dozens of policemen upon reaching the IGP point. The non-response to the letter of the Seng which has been deadlined for three days, that the Government should provide foodgrains for the poor during this time of lockdown which has affected the poor people. They don't even have money to buy jhur.
The 50-year-old, founder of the Good News International Church, was arrested on June 14 after police raided learned that he was going to enter the Shakahola Forest at that time.
Referring to Article 19 of the Constitution, he said, “Clause 5 of the Article clearly states that it allows us to protect and preserve our identity as mountain people”.
Ralangki Sutnga of Khliehriat FC won the Man of the Match award for his performance on the day. Imson FC will play against Littlestar FC. The names of those who were drowned are Omor Ali, S/o Smt.
JARF General Secretary LS Rymbai said that according to their understanding, there is a way to free the state from the shackles of the laws of the Government of India regarding mining and The remedy is to file a Review Petition against the order of the Court issued on 3rd November
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: So far, only the subject Science and Technology of Class IX students has been stolen and the journalists have received a copy of the examination. this month has been postponed to November 4,
He also urged the government authorities and the leaders to turn their attention to the family by providing assistance from the government, as the loss of fire has been a great loss and if the government does not quickness to help is a blessing to this family.
He said he had joined the MSM since 2005 and this time he had to resign after he lost his physical strength.
Increased physical activity helps to burn more calories, which is a factor in weight loss.
“When you listen to him (MDC Mairang), you feel like he is the answer, but when you listen to the MDCs of the party, you are free,” said Bah Bindo.
The government has provided special requirements for the provision of assistance to parents through hospitals and health centres. center in this regard and what remains is for them to accept these assistance after they have understood the benefits and protections that they can get from them.
He said that when he remembers the words that the pious used to say in churches, they say that the service to others is the service to God.
These areas are the homes of girls.
He said that the efforts to complete the test of the new plan have been going on for about 10 months as it has to be done through computers.
KJWA President G Reenbohn said that the KJWA has been talking about the rights of consumers since 2008 and the government has sent KJWA members to Delhi for training since 2009 after being sent by the Ministry of Food and Civil Supplies of the State Government.
Kyrmen Shylla, Abhislah Banarwal together with government officials and MDCs of the area handed over aids and appliances such as wheel chairs, artificial limbs, hearing aids, hearing aids. Aids, canes or auxiliary crutches, walkers, CP chairs and smart cane sensors for those special people.
This decision has prompted them to leave the court.
Deputy Commissioner Swapnil Tembe said that the Tura market is crowded but with the opening of the new Commercial Complex, the vendors have been relocated to the complex.
He also spoke to those who have benefited from the Central Government schemes, including the PM AWAS Yojana and found that there has been a good implementation of the schemes.
Then, in the upper part there was a market called Rangjyrteh Market and here in the market there were many stones facing west.
On the other hand, stories are told according to these snaps which are salonsar in human life and which are similar to any society in the world.
Shillong: "Trespassers will be shot, it is a warning sign and not a threat and these signboards were placed outside the Eastern Air Command headquarters in Shillong.
The MTC bus was heading from Tura to Shillong and passing through Williamnagar and Nongstoin, carrying nine people from Tura and 12 from Williamnagar.
The gold biscuits were handed over to the Customs at Dawki and the suspect was handed over to the Dawki Police Station.
Pala also highlighted the challenges faced by the country in the last 10 years since the BJP came to power and the unrest of different ethnic groups in their own religious beliefs and the decline in income. the citizens’ paper.
Five teams have submitted their proposals, including the Flying Elephants Studio Project from Bangalore, the Department of Architecture, Science and Technology from NEHU, M/S Kshestra from Hyderabad and Design Cell Faws Design from Shillong. and Visio Architecture Ltd.
Because Garo has already split with the appearance of Sir RG Momin, a retired officer of West Khasi Hills, from the Independent.
According to the complaint, Kharmuti had lodged a complaint with the police that Shabong had sent a letter to them and warned them not to bury the body within the boundary of the village. they do not inform the local authorities.
Therefore, for the sake of the future of the children in this area, he appealed to the state government and the education department to take action to look to the rural areas as well, not just to develop them. “It's not a city,” said Bah Blikshon Mukhim.
Other speakers on the occasion were Rev Enial Lyngdoh Chairman of Banan Village, Delphine Mystica Bareh and Ilasiewdor Gashnga of SURE. The two-day training program for the Legal Volunteers of the District was held at the Conference Room of the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills.
All Officials/Non-Officials of Panaliar Village may participate in Public Meetings held by Candidates outside the Village.
The shooters of the State under the banner of the Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) have won 10 medals in the 8th North East Zone Shooting Championship, which was held in Guwahati, Assam.
The preservation of dress, religion, customs, language, so this Shlem Jingtip is a place of learning about these things that our ancestors have left behind.
but it always ends with a promise of early completion.
Kohima: Assam and Nagaland have agreed to withdraw from their current border areas, Yanthongo Patton, Symbud Chief Minister and Home Minister of Nagaland, today said. Assam and Tzurangkong, where the Chief Ministers of the two states, agreed to withdraw and bring peace on the border between the two states.
"Father has ordered me," replied Wanbok. As soon as he had finished drinking, Wanbok took the meat in a large bowl and cut it into pieces. His mother came to see.
As a Khasi woman, I condemn those kinds of behaviour.
It is not known whether this is the trick of someone to introduce such a policy of differences of belief which affects the unity of society or whether it is us who are stupid without thinking carefully about all these things.
The HNLC has also warned that it will continue to take up arms if the demands are not met as it is ready.
Therefore, the Taiwanese Minister said that the agreement with the United States should be completed and reach Taiwan within this year.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07 : The Central Government has authorized the release of Rs 559.61 crore revenue to Meghalaya to release the necessary funds during the festive season.
“This price hike is after receiving permission from the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District,” said SB Ryngkhlem and BN Ryngkhlem, President and Secretary of the Pork Sellers Association.
Syngkon said the government has not said anything to the party and from the very beginning, the party has decided that the protest will continue until victory.
They carried their swords to fight against the Garo and the Garo also fought against the Khasi and the fighting was intense and lasted for months and the death toll was from both groups. .
On the other hand, Sangot yesterday had a meeting with the Vicar General of Shillong, Rev Father Richard M Majaw in this regard.
The winners of the first three categories received a prize of Rs.
“The victory of Dr DD Lapang for 8 seats is because 70% of the voters in Nongpoh voted for the person and not the party. party “he added.
At the same time, he said that perhaps some people are surprised how he has not been able to survive for six days.
After committing the crime, the robber fled to his residence in Nongrim Hills, Shillong.
He currently ranks eighth in the country in earned runs this season – with 657 runs.
There is no need to wait for the MP elections because before any election, the government has decided to take or reduce taxes.
The Rural Mart was opened with the financial support of NABARD in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society, Block Mission Management Unit, Mawthadraishan.
To help them to build their own organization.
Others who attended the program included Dr. Jagdish Krishnaswamy from IIHS, Bengaluru, S Khongsam, Chairman, San Village Group, and P. Lyngdoh, Officer, Fishery Department, EKH District.
“How do you feel about that person?” asked the mother to the young pastor.
It is left to write or explain only to the fools who explain the country and the nation like the blind men of ancient Hindustan.
“To speed up the trial, the government has set up Fast Track Courts in Tura and Shillong,” he said.
However, not all political parties are ready to produce their principles, policies, and activities through the production of dulir-juban-tyrwa.
Nongpoh: The family members of an elderly man from Umwiehsnieh village in Ri Bhoi district, who died at the Civil Hospital Shillong and whose body was buried with honor on Saturday, have rejected the order of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. They have to undergo tests and also undergo Home Quarantine.
In fact, he said that there should be adequate participation even in the 1st Phase to participate in this scheme funded by ADB. He said this was done after the ADB conducted a survey in accordance with the rules and regulations.
“If Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit is a true leader who loves the people, I want to know that you have been an MLA for 11 years. believe that you love the nation.
He said the government will have to pay for the medical expenses of those injured in the incident.
The five MLAs who won again include Sniawbhalang Dhar (NPP) from Nartiang Constituency 1 with 2123 votes, Wailadmiki Shylla (NPP) from Jowai Constituency 2 with 2667 votes. NPP from 3-Raliang Constituency with 5337 votes, Nujorki Sungoh (UDP) from 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency with 3901 votes and Lahkmen Rymbui from UDP with 3901 votes. 7-Amlarem Constituency won 58 Votes Regarding the votes of the candidates from 1-Nartiang Constituency; Sniawbhalang Dhar (NPP)-16,969, Emlang Laloo (INC)-14,846 votes, Generous Pasleiñ (IND)-7404 votes, Dawan Lyngdoh (UDP)-893 votes, Rimiki Sari (BJP)-282 votes, NOTA received 433 votes.
“They have promised that after the counting of votes on the 12th of this month, they will evict these Khasi Pnars, who live in this area and this is because they do not want to take part in the elections. "I'm going to vote," he added.
The motion was also supported by Bah Matthew Kurbah, UDP MLA from Mawphlang, who said that the people of Mawphlang are also facing the same problem as mentioned by the MLA of Nongkrem. They are not employed and they are in fear due to the repeated notices issued by the Forest Department.
Arwan said the village has complained to the PWD officials about the delay in the construction of the roads and even the village has spoken to the contractors but till now they have not taken action to complete the construction. lost.
At the same time, the party expressed its gratitude and special congratulations to Kyrmen Shylla Minister of State and MLA of Khliehriat who has donated foodgrains to various villages in the border area including Lakadong Ummat. , Ladlakadong, Umlatdoh, Umlyngsha, Bataw, Pynurkhba, Iapmala and other villages in Khliehriat constituency which have made it easier for the people to get food items during this time of struggle to avoid the spread of the disease. He urged him to get a healthy body so that he can continue to help the people in the area.
The DSO, WJH has informed that the match to be held tomorrow and Saturday has been postponed due to heavy rain.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister during the meeting with Dr Azad, promised that the government will take action on this suggestion to ensure that the Meghalayans living in Assam will not face any problems.
He recalled that when Bah Bindo was CEM, the people suffered because he didn't have time and he came late to the office. time and even to the lawyers he told them to explain briefly and not at length that he did not have time to listen.
At the same time, the KSU Delhi Unit, who took the initiative to accompany the family of the young woman, gave a special thanks to the KSU Delhi Unit. the body of young Walinda to bring home.
In Karate 4 men and 3 women.
Pakistan will continue its curfew until June 9 to curb the spread of the coronavirus, Planning Minister Asad Umar said.
After a while De Bruyne and Ederson were injured.
Wow, I got a witness from Trekirot at the top.
The Office Memoranda issued by the State Government on reservation from time to time reflect the commitment, courage and belief that reservation should improve the poor and backward classes.
Shillong: A young woman has come forward to report the rape of four young men, after a video of her being raped by four young men has been circulated.
The meeting was conducted by V.Kyndiah, Additional Judge, Additional District Council Court Jowai. I have been able to help you in many ways.
, Sordars, Secretaries Shnongs and relatives of Hill State fighters to be honoured.
Robertjune Kharjahrin, former President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, joined the UDP in November.
Shillong: Agatha Sangma of the NPP has won by 92 votes against Mukul Sangma in Tura while Jemino Mawthoh of the UDP has won by 119 votes. ia U Ma Vincent Pale.
The chief guest was Principal Chief Conservator of Forests (Biodiversity & Wildlife) and Chief Wildlife Warden, Meghalaya SM Sahai, IFS and Assistant Chief Conservator of Forests (M&E) PK Agrahari, IFS along with Ms. N. Laloo, MFS, Divisional The Forest Officer has released a book entitled 'Mammals of Jaintia Hills' which has been published across the East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
Furthermore, it is true that those who repent can become elders, pastors and preachers.
He said that the surprising thing is that biscuits are already an agricultural commodity, but the government has not taken any action to order the consumers to increase the price and if it is like in previous years The price of rice has fallen every day and the hard work of the farmers has been wasted.
The club was established from 1900-1910 and received its official status in
“We have decided to inform the Deputy Commissioner to remove the Assam Police Camp at Lum Umshyrngat as it still falls within the boundary of Lapangap village.
Parents and schools/colleges should not be too proud of the tablets of their children but should also think twice and be careful lest it lead to the wrong thing in this age, said the statement.
That friend now tells us about his bad news that Bah Let's family has killed us.
Ribhoi while the bronze medal was won by the athletes of West Garo Hills.
Education and social thinking have declined in value and therefore it is time for the Revival Schools to think again how to teach the Jaidbynriew not to be stupid, stupid and stupid.
JOWAI: Police of West Jaintia Hills District on receiving a tip on the smuggling of smuggled goods through the district conducted a Naka search at Phramer and seized 12 gold biscuits worth T.70 lakh.
To find out the truth, Bah Paliar said that a group of elders of the area have gathered together to discuss and decided to seek RTI information from the District Council Affairs (DCA). ) on why the government has delayed the elections, the lack of MDC scheme since the resignation of the MDC. They have decided to appeal to the Kashari High Court to get a fair trial on this issue of the people of the constituency.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 28: U Bah Sounder Strong Cajee, President of the Mawkyrwat Constituency Socio Economic and Political Awareness Committee (MCSEPAC) on Saturday, has joined the Trinamool. Congress (TMC) and to contest the 2023 Assembly elections from Mawkyrwat Constituency on the ticket of the TMC.
He said that there was also a 1 year old child in the house but at that time the mother of the child and all the family members got up and went to hide in the house. lied.
Recently, the Minister of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, announced the repair of all government schools which have been destroyed and need urgent repair.
The High Court has accepted the petition of Kong Agnes against the arrest of two MLAs and MDCs who have benefited from the people's money. Seven MLAs have resigned from the post of MDC including HDR Lyngdoh, Ardent M Basiawmoit, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Bah KP Pangiang, Bah Sanbor Shullai and Bah HB Nongsiej of KHADC and Bah Stephanson Mukhim of JHADC. beat on this.
It is on this basis that NEHU has convened an emergency meeting of the Academic Council on 28th October, 2023 to prepare a new curriculum and Credit Framework for the students of colleges. NEP 2020 is not included.
Lawyerson War, President JSU, said that from time to time the state government has already announced to promote agriculture in the rural areas; However, if all the farmers of Jaintia Hills do not have a place to sell their produce in Jowai, it makes it difficult for the farmers to support their families.
Manipur Chief Secretary Dr Vineet Joshi, along with three members of a team appointed by the Supreme Court led by former Jammu & Kashmir High Court Judge Gita Mittal, They visited Kangpokpi in recent days to inspect the situation in the district which has been severely affected by the conflict.
The worst affected areas are East Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, South Garo Hills. .
Such incidents have happened in many Hima, which has been happening in the past few years, even now in the border areas of Bangladesh and Assam. The law forbids the sale of land to foreigners.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that from the 16th of this month, the opening of the all the places of God, which are in the state.
Patel's resignation came after a difference of opinion between the Indian government and the RBI over the powers of the RBI and the powers of the Indian government.
As an actress, Cameron has starred in several successful films including There's Something About Mary, Charlie's Angels, Gangs of New York, The Holiday, and others.
Pangniang said the HSPDP has decided to contest fewer candidates in the 2019 MDC elections because the party has elected young people.
Youth Clubs, Sports Clubs and Block Offices.
From Raid Marwet (Khanapara) to these areas of West Khasi Hills, this land grabbing, selling land to foreigners, against the provisions of the Land Transfer Act, is still going on today, through illegal activities. hands of the leaders of Hima, Raid, Village.
This is unacceptable, because the salary for the year 2022, has not been released yet even after the end of the holidays, in which the salary cut of the employees is like a joke. .
In a statement, SCSA Secretary Bah R Synrem said that the meeting of coal traders in Sohra area has strongly opposed the rules laid down by the NGT on the release of coal. coal that has been mined by sending the tax to be paid in advance.
The Vice Chairman of MIPRL said that the letter sent by the state government to the KHADC on 18th October mentioned the Village Administration Bill,
The end of the world will not happen here either.
The Executive Committee of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) on Saturday decided not to continue the remaining programs of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA). Amateur League (MAL) The reason for the MFA's decision not to continue the remaining programs of the tournament is after the teams or clubs participating in the tournament , have expressed their reluctance to continue playing in the tournament, after the MFA's management of the tournament is not smooth and orderly, which often does not provide for the the grounds where the scheduled programs will be played.
When God began to show His power, the wise men of the world said that this was not from God but from man.
These things that are happening are now written in the Word of God, and they must happen.
Perhaps this will affect the BJP in other states.
Earlier, Assistant Engineer of Tura Municipal Board (TMB) Cheyziel A Sangma recalled the purpose of celebrating Garo Labor Corps Day while Chairman of the Board JD Sangma led the prayer.
At the same time, the seven men informed the resident that he had to pay T.40,000 to get back the vehicle.
According to him, the rally on the 30th will be the largest in the state in connection with the dorbar bah held in recent months at Polo Ground. East Khasi Hills.
Besides, the Congress party still has a strong base of followers across the state.
The heavy rainfall, besides disrupting the traffic of the people, has also caused heavy traffic jam in these parts of Jorabad, besides many small vehicles, which have been stuck between water when they were about to cross the road.
Where will this situation lead us as a nation?
He is one of the elders who has done many things in the community in Ri-Bhoi, and he is also the founder of a NGO known as Ri-Bhoi Area Welfare. Association (RAWA) which is also one of the organizations that has done many works in Ri-bhoi and through this voluntary organization he has been able to organize many training programs including Typing Class, the training ground and others.
Before the word plastic playground came up, Bah Shakliar Warjri, the newly appointed Minister of Sports, immediately stood up to reply that he had refused to accept the proposal.
She was very sad and sad.
“The intention is to introduce a casino so these Acts or Rules will come into being.
If it fails this time, it will be difficult to relocate the site in the future.
On the other hand, the Honorary Secretary of the MCA, Bah Gideon Kharkongor, congratulated both the teams who have reached the knockout stage of the plate group and urged them to continue their hard work. you are playing.
She said that there are days when she earns enough and there are days when she doesn't earn enough. She said that her friends who work in the same job in the area never get sick until I went to the hospital but everyone was fine.
He said that the government should bring a policy in the Assembly to address the needs of people with disabilities especially those with visual impairments.
Pariat said that the new amendment to the Constitution will bring about many changes and hopes that the work of the councils will be clean and transparent and that the development works will reach the people.
In Honours, 1127 candidates sat for the examination while 763 candidates passed which is 67.70%.
Meanwhile, Tourism Secretary Yogendra said India has grown rapidly in the tourism industry and in 2017 it ranked 40th in the world. 25.
There have been five deaths and 441 new cases of COVID-19 on Thursday.
According to sources, the immoral actions of the teacher came to light after some of the students who were being trained at the SAI Training Centre, Salalgaon, North Lakhimpur alleged that Mrinal had He was involved in the assault on several youths during the selection trial.
Vehicles coming from Jaiaw to Khyndai Lad will pass through Riatsamthiah and Umsohsun roads via Wahingdoh near the office of the Syiem of Mylliem, Mawkhar.
The resignation letter of Bah Nongsiej has been sent to the Governor for approval and it is now up to the Governor to appoint another interim Speaker for the smooth running of the Assembly. election to elect the CEM of the Council.
Police of West Jaintia Hills including the DSP and two Sub-Inspectors including the 2nd Inspector of Nartiang Police Station also joined the raid. there shall be tumults and tumults.
Other speakers were Vincent Sangma from Border Area, Batemon Kharbani from Sawsymper, Tambor Risaw, President HYC, Jai Skhemlon, Sordar of Hatmawdon Village, Kyrmen Shangdiar, President of FKJGP South Eastern Zone and FKJGP South Eastern Zone. Olansing Suin, UDP Candidate from Mawsynram Constituency, Daniel Wahlang, Aspirant Candidate from BJP Mawsynram Constituency and others were also present. old.
We didn't see anything, but I went and looked longer at that place and saw that the stones were falling from that place and that they were moving at a very high speed. they counted it, while the other stones that were nearby did not move at all, which amazed me so much that I could not understand.
HEALTH RISKS : Some of the conditions that pose a serious threat to health include the risk of serious illness, sleep deprivation at night, severe physical illness or According to attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), these increase the stress on the mind which increases the risk of health problems which leads directly to depression.
Such an incident happened a few years ago in Khyndailad, but after the police arrested many of them, it disappeared and now they have started implementing it again.
In the brain, the Khasi have a talent for singing and dancing from ancient times until today.
Regarding the invasion by the group of robbers, it was said that initially, the robbers entered the Kudam using bridges and when they managed to enter the Kudam , they tied the hands and feet of the guards and also blindfolded them using cloths.
But such are very few.
The Governor, Hari Babu Kambhampati, will swear in the Chief Minister and other Ministers.
Replying to this, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, said that the State Investigation Team (SIT), which has been appointed to conduct the investigation into the death of Bah Marbaniang, will look into the matter. all sides.
In view of all these, I have taken this step to meet face to face so that the world will know that we walk with dignity and not to be talked about again.
This was announced on 13th October 2023 in the Assam Legislative Assembly, in response to a question raised by BJP MLA Bidyasing Engleng, whether Mukroh village is still in Assam or not. It is located in the state of Meghalaya.
Nongrum said that now that three seats have become vacant, it is up to the CEM to do whatever is necessary but KHNAM will not demand anything.
“Let us be surprised, we come here to encourage, to share, to share knowledge and understanding, to give advice, so that we can walk and stand on the right path, which we will stand through the rights of the people is the rights of the people is the great right, the rights of the people is part of expressing, through the rights of the people we will lead not auction, through the rights of the people we will convey “We will not spread through the people, we will give the wisdom, strength, spirit and understanding for tomorrow and tomorrow,” he concluded.
Through this meeting, both sides agreed to allow the installation of the KAAC revenue collection gate as well as to stop the border crossing activities between the two states.
The shortlist of the four selected books will be released on 18th November and a cash prize of T25 lakh will be awarded. Furthermore, all the 5 shortlisted candidates will receive a buskit of T 1 Lakh if ​​they are writers and if they are translators. ABOUT THE JCB PRIZE FOR LITERATUREThe JCB Prize for Literature was established in 2018 to promote literature in India and to disseminate knowledge about literature.
With the addition of Bah Adelbert, the MDA has increased its membership to
On the other hand, u Bah Teibor expressed his desire to make Mawlai a Model Constituency, a constituency to be an example to others, to develop it, to be a green Mawlai, to have light. street lights, to implement the Shyama Prasad Rurban Mission Scheme launched in
Nongpoh: Leaders of the KSU North Khasi Hills District, today paid tribute to Kong Lakyntiew Syiemlieh, a mother of four children, two grandchildren and a Bachelor of Arts graduate. He is 53 years old from Balawan College, Umsning.
The expenditure of the smugglers across the border between the State and Bangladesh is very high as there are areas on the border where the Government has not yet been able to erect shiah signs despite the people who The border residents have been threatening the foreign authorities who have entered Meghalaya through the border.
The Minister of State and Spokesperson of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA), Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on July 27, explained the ban on the sale of imported fish and protected the He also said that the reason for the lack of clarity is that the Minister has not been informed about the lifting of the ban on the sale of fish.
Jowai, Nailur 23: An inspection for the construction of shiah border on the India-Bangladesh border in parts of West Jaintia Hills, has started on the 22nd of this month, under the leadership of the authorities of the India-Bangladesh border. District.
According to the political situation in the KHADC, the contest will be fierce between the two groups as they have so far admitted that there are only 14 members in the 29-member Assembly except the chairman.
In rural areas, the Village Sarpanch and Executives from the Agriculture Department will look after this work, while in urban areas, this work will be looked after by Junior Engineers and Executives or employees who of the Department of Ground Water/ Public Health/Municipal Corporation.
Shillong, Jymmang 08 : UDP candidate from Mairang constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh who is also the President of the party on Tuesday said that if the people are unhappy about the creation of a district in Mairang, they should reject him. The election will be held on the 27th of this month.
He said the demand for electricity has now increased to 200 million units, while the shortage is 112 million units.
The meeting was also attended by shopkeepers and income earners from Sohra, Mawlynnong and Jaintia Hills who expressed their concern over the protest by the Sengbhalang.
Marak was on his way from Tura with a man on a bike (ML08 A 6650) when he was arrested by the police.
In both his careers, Radhakrishnan was known as a skilled teacher who was trusted and respected by all.
On the other hand, I feel that the first clear address is more important.
These people have threatened the guards of the Bijou cinema by violently and rudely to the guards.
Tohmon Diam Mukhim of Khonglah Secondary School Khonglah won the Best Scout Master award and Brisha Muthoh of Little Flower Secondary School Ummulong won the Best Guides Captain award.
Dolly Khonglah said that she has already requested the governments of the two countries to release taxes on the import and export of certain items such as fish, plates and pela and others whose people have turned to Bangladesh.
Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, while meeting with the deficit teachers on Tuesday.
The difference is that if a man marries a non-Khasi foreigner, that foreigner and her children will be recognized as Khasi and will have all the rights and privileges as Khasi.
Shillong, November 16 : The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Council does not want to see the rivers in the Khasi Hills turn into Wahumkhrah. They want to strengthen the protection not only of the rivers but also of the rivers.
The Khasi Hills District is a British Area within the Province of Assam.
Condemning the incident, the FKJGP through its General Secretary, Bah Eldie N Lyngdoh said that the FKJGP will join hands with the KSU in the flag raising ceremony on Tuesday to express their strong opposition to the The incident occurred when the residents were shot dead by the Assam police.
Alone he decided to offer his love as it happened.
Here too I became a junior of Bah Ganold, because I was only an MLA without a seat.
The HNYF has conducted license checks in recent months in the Garikhana area up to Motphran.
Hearing a writ petition filed by Zanera R Marak and others against the appointment of jobs in the Social Welfare Department in 2005, Chief Justice Sanjeev Banerjee said it was something that should be strongly condemned. The lack of a roster system for the appointment of jobs in government departments within the special allocation in the state without it cannot be achieved.
After the State Ranking Championship in Shillong, the Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) has selected 23 shooters (9 women shooters and 14 men) according to their score. There are 2 junior shooters, 2 women & 1 man.
Once the recruitment of 3108 policemen is completed, they will be appointed and at that time we will see the strength of the security forces of the police department,” he said.
The U-16 team will compete in the Junior National Football Championship from 5 to 15 November 2023 in Bhubaneshwar, Odisha.
Nongpoh: Two accidents have happened at two places on the NH-6 at Nongpoh Police Station this morning, one at Dulongnar and the other at Dulongnar. happened at Downgate, Nongpoh.
SHILLONG: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the name Bharat has always been in the Constitution, and its use depends on the language we speak.
“I wish Dasakhitbha Lamare all the best and hope that he will continue to work for the benefit of the people of Mawhati Constituency and especially for the benefit of the people of the district as a whole,” said the Nongpoh MLA.
Therefore, SBYWA strongly requests the PWD Road department especially the Hon'ble Minister Sniwbhalang Dkhar, the Engineers to improve and repair this road (LRBBJ) as soon as possible so that the people of the area can enjoy it. at the same time to look into the problems of the border area, the statement concluded.
During the programme, the Chief Guest and others also distributed certificates and mementos to the members in recognition of their contribution in the fight against TB. Village Award, SNC certificate/ Mementos, Nikshay Mitra certificate, best treatment supporter, best lab Technicians, best performing ASHA.Media Engagement.
He said that an announcement meeting will be held tomorrow evening to resolve the issue between the RDA and the PDA. Tribals across India will call a Bharat Bandh or curfew on 5th October to protest against the decision of the Supreme Court to evict the tribals in various forest areas of the country.
“Those who are not happy anymore have left and cannot take with them their weapons, keys, bullets because the Congress people are always in those places,” said Bah Lapang.
Stephanson Mukhim, Parliamentary Secretary to the Government in charge of Sports and Youth Affairs, while speaking at the meeting, urged all the teachers of schools in Jaintia Hills not to take advantage of the closeness. when he said that their closeness with politicians brings participation in their teaching activities.
The training center was inaugurated by Bah L.Tariang, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District who was the chief guest and also cut the ribbon of the Khelo India Center. Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat in the presence of Damang Syngkon, Rev. Venkey Friding Kharsyiemiong, Principal of Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat. students, teachers.
Even the Congress has only 52 MPs in the 545-member Assembly, until it lost the leader of opposition status.
The meeting came after two Khasi were arrested by the Assam police on the 14th of this month after a riot broke out over the allegation that the Assam police had come to Meghalaya has launched an electricity distribution scheme in the area.
One foreigner has died after being bombed and tied by masked men , who attacked and suddenly attacked these foreigners while they were working You have been arrested in Block-3
RG Momin, SP East Garo Hills, said that police had raided the GNLA chief after receiving a tip that Sohan was in the village on the night of Lah. Sunday, but as soon as police received a tip-off, they fled the scene.
The parking lot is located at Iew Thymmai Ladthadlaboh and since in the past, by agreement with the police, only 6 vehicles have been allowed to park while queuing for passengers - 3 vehicles going to Ladrymbai and 3 other vehicles going to Mowkaiaw but now only due to the demand of 1000 tyngka from each union in the form of donation have been stopped by the JTP police. , tree planting from time to time and to participate in this program they have sought money in the form of donation from all over.
The nuclear power plant has been captured by Russian troops since 2022 after they defeated Ukrainian troops in the city and captured the nuclear power plant. The largest nuclear power plant in Europe and to date, the nuclear power plant is still under Russian supervision and control.
If we know how to take an example, nature also teaches us that a woman should submit to a man.
The source said that there are also independent candidates who are ready to join hands with the NPP to form the government.
The group led by Bose Swell Khongthorem, former Rangbah Shnong, also sent a letter signed by 100 residents of Nohwet to the Syiem of Hima Khyrim. They demanded that the Syiem should soon fix the date for the election of the full Rangbah Shnong of the village.
Some of the suggestions are as follows:-First of all, the public should not take this disease stingy.
A group of 250 lawyers from Haryana’s Kurukshetra, Panipat, Rohtak, Karnal and Panchkula districts also arrived in a bus and a few private vehicles.
There was a heavy clash between the Home Guard Volunteers and the police.
Although it is not known how much the Congress MLAs have decided to join the BJP, but the signs have led to the truth, but it is still waiting for the time to come. .
Two winners were from East Khasi Hills, two from Ri-Bhoi and four from Jaintia Hills.
The gold medal winners were Welford Nongkhlaw, Obadiah Kelphung, Elbiangmi Langtang, Pynshngaiñ Bareh and Genevieve Pakma.
It was also agreed that the implementation of the Inner Line Permit should be monitored and also the implementation of existing laws such as the MSSRA. to fill the vacancies in government departments, to no longer hold personal interviews for grade 3 and grade –
There will be a shortage of drinking water, there will also be a shortage of planting and burial.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Kong D.Blah was the chief guest in the presence of the Joint Director of School Education and Literacy, SSA West Khasi Hills District, In Kong.
On the other hand, the Administrator of the Diocese of Shillong, Fr.John Madur, at the welcoming ceremony of Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, held at the Archbishop's residence Laitumkhrah. Shillong through the new service.
East Khasi Hills District IAS on Tuesday issued an order to place Nongkseh village, 3 rd Mile Upper Shillong under containment zone following the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 which has risen to 39 and 3 have died. people in just 3 weeks.
Amend the Reservation Policy of 1972 or amend the Resolution on the Reservation Policy of
It was also announced at the meeting that the marathon will be conducted in accordance with the guidelines of the Athletic Federation of India and World Athletics.
Some of them have been shared by the Minister of PWD, some by engineers and the rest of the contractors will have to complete the road along with their own income as they work to earn a living.
The service started on the 14th of October and ended on Sunday.
The judges who came to judge the competition included Ilasara Kharkongor, Charlie Lalthenmawia, Kethileno Kense Vehienuo, Kong S Marwein and James Owen Farreira.
Pilot also showed old videos of Gehlot alleging that Raje was involved in corruption and said that he had done wrong and why he did not do anything or send for an inquiry. detailed in relation to these events.
“How come the CHC doesn't have maternity equipment, what is the purpose of setting up a CHC, besides the ambulance they don't have,” said Bah Laloo.
The State Water Informatics Center will be the agency to keep records on water availability, including rivers and wells and to monitor these throughout the year, to share information with departments. government activities such as public health engineering, soil conversation, agriculture and disaster management.
On learning of the incident, police rushed to the village to stop the clash.
Bah Khongwir said that the job of Rangbah Shnong is to help the villagers in the community, to bring benefits to the villages from government departments.
He said that the Bodo language should not have been included in the Sixth Schedule, but due to the lack of strategy in the implementation, it has been included.
To take one of the most prominent examples of the deterioration of the working methods to date in relation to the Mawhati Road.
The same is true of the implementation of the Reservation Policy in the state,” said Macmilan.
The NIA has taken over the investigation into the incident on 15th November last year at the hands of Jammu & Kashmir police.
We have consulted with IIT Guwahati which has suggested that we should clean the dewbilat on the basis of many reasons.
Don't be discouraged just because you got high marks or don't be discouraged because you didn't reach your goal.
He said that a group of youths and elders of the village have submitted a letter to the Dorbar Shnong on 13th November to reject this change and to maintain the old election system in the village. which the public will participate in.
Dr.KD Ramsiej, one of the leaders of Bah HDR Lyngdoh from Shilliang-Um, while explaining the allegation by the opposition that the NPP is a party from Garo Hills, said that while it has not yet been achieved. The Khasi-Jaintia and Garo peoples cannot be separated.
These members visited the worst affected villages including Nidanpur, Sarakpara, Jalburi, Molaygandi and Paumi.
The company is now ready to survey for the construction of the road and all that remains is to prepare the DPR to send to the Ministry of Road Transport (MORT) for completion.
The seven cases in East Jaintia Hills include 3 cases who have been screened and 3 cases who are high risk contacts.
“Looking at the unemployment problem in the state, we understand that the government alone cannot solve it. , if private enterprises as well as companies are included in the SRP, this will help in terms of employment among the youth of the State.
Shillong, Nailur 11: After allegations that the Officer Incharge of Pynursla Police Station has bombed five youths on charges of stealing blang, SDPO Bah Ian Swer has visited Pynursla PS to investigate. Talk to the Rangbah Shnong, Sordar Shnong and the people of the area on this issue.
In a statement, JACATAM today said that the Managing Committee should not be afraid or hesitate to provincialize only the services of teachers as it will strengthen and improve them.
Shillong: The Child Friendly Shillong project is under the auspices of the Bosco Integrated Development Society (BIDS) and the School of Social Work at Martin University. Luther Christian University has worked together to promote the development of children on the theme, “Who can protect me, I and We”.
Qatari billionaire Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani and British billionaire Jim Ratcliffe have also brought forward their bid to own the club. world-class players.
Thank you and God bless you all.
Shillong, June 6: The Vice Chancellor of Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) today led the students of the university to celebrate at Khyndai Lad.
He should have looked back and considered what he had done at that time and I think he had visited many places before preparing the report in
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 12: The Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society (TWP) together with other groups in the Tyrso area have decided to hold the Amur Falcon Festival 2023 for the 7th time. The Amur Falcon comes to breed in the area once a year.
Why doesn't Meghalaya have a foreign state while Tamil Nadu doesn't have a foreign state ? Most of the shopkeepers in Tamil Nadu are Tamil shopkeepers.
In addition, the city of Jerusalem receives between 1,00,000 and 2,50,000 pilgrims or people who attend various religious festivals in Jerusalem.
It is said that Umngot defeated Umïew because it arrived first (see PRT Gurdon's book “The Khasis” for more details on the story of the battle between them) .
The Principal of Khliehriat Higher Secondary School, Brother Solomon Swer, said that today is the day of distribution of medicines to the students. The teachers who came to tell him that the medicines were bad and immediately the Principal stopped giving the medicines to the children.
The simplest answer to this is the inclusion of vegetables, milk, seeds, symboh, pylleng and not enough meat.
Shillong, Nailur, 18: There are 103 pending projects in the state till 31st October
Only an old man who has no future says that.
Speaking to reporters, A.Kharsyntiew, one of the owners of these shops, said that the flood has happened about three and four times and the reason is that the drains have been flooded. In front of these shops, they have collapsed due to the slowness of the river flowing into the Nondein River.
He said that if the deterioration continues, commercial vehicles will not even have to increase the fare to produce the daily repair bill.
The meeting held between the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the leaders of Raid Sadew Laitjem on Tuesday, did not come to fruition as the meeting ended without taking any action. decision.
He said they are waiting for a meeting of all political parties to be convened by the Prime Minister to discuss the roster system.
Why? It is because God has already spoken or created only the planet Earth that man can live on it.
The market is not complete without beef, pork, fish, chicken and now those who eat goat meat have started to increase.
A total of 14 schools and 10 others participated in the Jan Bhagidari Events and Activities in School.
(iii) To promote diligence, good work and honesty.
Shillong, November 06 : The General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Donald V Thabah on Tuesday said that it is time for the government to take action against the people living in the Ïewmawlong area.
But with respect to them, I said yes, if I can't win, I will leave, I can't join them,” said the VPP leader. This campaign on 'Clean Politics' and that is why they said no to the money for voting to ensure clean governance.
However, the government has ensured that the drinking water in the area will not be polluted as the government has built it in such a way that the garbage will not flow freely.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Ryngkat Sari. Speeches were delivered by the owner of the school, Rosemi Sari and Marda Oo Myrchiang.
Shillong: Mukul Sangma and his brother Zenith Sangma have sent down the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma.
The JAC through a letter dated 17/09/2019 and other letters dated 01/12/2021 and other letters has demanded the resignation of Bah Bashemphang. Thabah from the post of Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong in accordance with Sections 6(1)(a), 6(1)(b), 6(1)(c), 6(1)(f), 6(1)(h) , 6(1)(i), and 6(1)(k) of the United Khasi Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Act,
I support the statement of the President of COMSO. This MP knows only to speak in the news only on Ain zero.
Referring to the Prime Minister's claim that the MoU cannot be amended, Bah Donbok said, “Even the Constitution of the country cannot be amended.
Not only that, they have taken over the Ri-Bhoi District.
This is the house of Dr. Mukul Sangma which was built according to the Garo style of houses in the past, it is made only of wood, siej and traw.
To say that is to say that everything is lost.
The incident comes as the Ukrainian government is fighting to surrender the rebels, who have seized government buildings, various government buildings and who have declared themselves to be in the army. in freedom.
At this stage, if you make a mistake in choosing your leaders, it is useless to follow them.
Speaking to the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi at the meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) at Madan Patharkhmah, Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that For three years, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, has surpassed him in terms of development works in the constituency.
However, unfortunately, although the funds have been allocated for the school, the work has not started yet, said the union in a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, SMEA President Bah S Pyngrope said that for five years since 2007, the employees of the Board have not received their arrears while other government employees have received their arrears. pt.
“This victory will inspire our children.
Announcing this at a meeting held at Polo, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the proposed Administrative City will soon start working against the new Assembly. Ready.
"Bajal's insult prompted Amit Shah, who was present, to reply, "You don't have to be afraid, but if Bajat is still afraid, then we will improve it. government work so that you can be happy"
Henry T Nongrum was elected as President, Raynald Kharkamni as Working President, Stoinly Syngkli and Konin Ingti as Working President. Vice President, Bishar Tmung and Elphos Shadap as General Secretary and others.
The shooting came a few days after the killing of a Kashmiri Pandit by militants in Pulwama.
Furthermore, the Chief Guest, Rajesh Kumar, a linguist from NIT, Madras, delivered a speech by saying that language is a source of light.
HDR Lyngdoh, popularly known as Maheh Don, has been the Minister of Home Affairs in the Meghalaya United Alliance (MUA) Government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Prime Minister.
He also explained the funds received by the Forum in connection with the festival.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The KSU Mawlai has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of former leader Bah Kyrshan Nongdhar.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) today said that it will not surrender as happened to other former members of the party.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said the reason for India's defeat was because the final was held on 19th November, Indira's birthday. Gandhi which was a bad day for the country.
He said that the DM&HO has promised to take action on the demand of the union to set up a sub-centre in Wahlyngdoh village to provide services to the 20 villages under the jurisdiction. region.
Therefore, the current partnership with the WWE will inevitably bring more income for the participants and also for these two famous wrestling tournaments.
Dajiedlang Wanshnong scored the fifth goal in the 87th minute and Damehun Syih scored the first goal in the 87th minute. a golden opportunity when the ball went straight into the net in the 90'+ minute of the second half.
Sikkim is also one of the teams from the North East to take part in the tournament.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister explained that the Indigenous Peoples can achieve cent per cent auto-nomy as follows:-(1) There shall be one or two Indigenous Ministers, and these are to appoint according to the recommendation of the MLAs of the Riewlum, who shall be in charge of the administration of the Ri Lum.
Therefore, the MLA of Jirang, urged the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi, to take the necessary action, if there are any shops that take advantage of the increase in the price of beverages.
MEPA demands that the relevant authorities should take strict action against these perpetrators and punish them according to the rules of law.
The event was enriched by songs, traditional dances, drills by the WJDSA and the students of North Liberty HSS. Members are not former office bearers.
Furthermore, the union demands and reminds MePDCL since 2009 onwards with the demands before MePDCL at that time it was MeSEB, last in
Last year, she competed in the 4th Meghalaya Games and won second place and this year at the 5th Meghalaya Games, she won the gold medal in the XCO women open. category/Mass start.
Heavy rainfall in these days has also caused some parts of Shillong to witness the flooding of roads and ground floors of people like Pynthorumkhrah, Polo and other flat areas.
In the villages, they should take action to strengthen the health committees and announce in every village to remind the residents to be clean and to wash their hands thoroughly with soap and water. .
Besides Wanteibok, North Liberty HSS Jayden Magni Pde and Daffodil Langstang came in 14th and 16th respectively.
Gujarat Police have arrested Saket Gokhale for his remarks against the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, regarding the collapse of a bridge in the state.
Sohra MDC Titosstarwell Chyne said he is preparing a project to curb the garbage in the area.
Culture, inheritance and others make Khasi women strong and thus they have the voice and power to take part in any activities that affect the future of the nation.
Not only that, but the DC said that they tried to stop his vehicle from moving forward.
He said why the government has not taken any action to implement the project properly and which can last for more than 2 years but the government through the contractors have done only to complete and bring back the same problem.
The song was announced at a short meeting held at Jadhi, Nongpoh in the presence of the owner of Jadhi, Bathok Nongmalieh and the director of the film “to wanphai sha nga” Lansius Syiemlieh.
The Divisional Soil and Water Conservation Officer, West Jaintia Hills District on Thursday launched an afforestation program at Hula Moosyiem Square, Shangpung to commemorate the World Environment Day.
Martamlin Pyrbot, Rangbah Shnong of Qualapatty, said that they have a Covid 19 committee and not only that, they have also 2, 3 households, who have been quarantined. The village has also set up a quarantine center at Sein Jaintia School.
On this day, training was given in a technical session through presentations where the participants were given the opportunity to exchange views and discussions in more detail.
We are fortunate that they provide accurate and truthful information, but if these too fail, then, when the news of cleanliness dominates social media, then the era of media , you have reached the hell of the ksew.
The Syngkhong Rympei Thymmai, which claims to have up to 20,000 members who are descended from their fathers, has admitted that many of them have not been able to get their Schedule Tribe Certificates just because they are not able to get their Schedule Tribe Certificates. shim jait from your father.
Coming One Ymbon, Minister of Fisheries and others were the chief guests in the presence of Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes IAS. FB Basan, Robinus Syngkon MDC, Raliang District Dolloi Chawas Lyngdoh, Waheh Shnong MA S Lamare, Wyrcha VO Manager and others.
Nongpoh: As the days and time for the election of leaders from different constituencies approach, the number of people who have joined the National People's Party (NPP) in Mawhati has increased. NPP candidate from Mawhati Constituency.
Now our country is free because of their selflessness.
The collapse of the ISBT building is one of the issues that the government has been criticized for followed by the collapse of the Shillong Mawlai Bye-Pass bridge. The MDA government under the leadership of the NPP will have to go to the people to ask for their precious vote in a few months. which it must fulfill will put its leaders in a difficult situation in the next election.
When asked why the UDP is willing to take the final decision to withdraw from the PDF, he said, “If there are 100 members at the meeting, there will be no one to speak. Only 10 MDCs, and while anyone was speaking, many of them clapped their hands. Four MDCs said at the meeting that it was not true. There were also party leaders who said that it was not true. “It's a good idea to leave the PDF,” said Titos W Chyne.
The MSU said that in the 509 square mile forest, there are many Bangladeshis living in the area. The aim is to strengthen these forces and to give them an autonomous district council and to strengthen themselves.
“Through the amendment of this rule, Meghalaya has entered the world map in its involvement in climate change protection,” he said.
The State Government has taken the initiative to appoint a team of inquiry led by a Magistrate and at the same time to appoint an independent inquiry into the escape of the six persons. Four prisoners from Jowai District Jail were shot dead by the mob.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Lambokstar Marngar, said that the construction of the Se map kali by the KSU is part of the efforts to help the people living in the village.
Superintendent of Police Lakador Syiem said that these cows were seized by the troops while patrolling the India-Bangladesh border.
The convention will feature various programs such as cultural programmes, musical nights, carol singing and other public events.
Ed through the Director Educational Research and Training of Shillong, NIOS said that the incident has been discussed with the Association on 6th November 2018 and also on 24th November The Hon'ble Prime Minister has already assured that the government will take action on this issue.
DSTE Amit Kr Mani, DOM and Ankit Gupta, DEN II, RNY, Shitanshu Verma and Sr.
Therefore, I would like to conclude this question with the words of Bishop Romero: “God can be found in places and situations where there is rule and justice and we can also find Him on the path of righteousness. truth" – Amen.
It may be recalled that in the past few days, several Home Guard Policemen have complained that they have not received their salaries for about 9 months.
In many stories, it is said that there is only one flower, but there are two guardians or there are cases where there is one guardian, while there are two flowers. The incident led to the murder of one of the loved ones at a luxury hotel in Guwahati on Tuesday. You are God.
He is from Lower Assam.
Furthermore, in June 2014, the State Government has set up another new committee to inspect the area headed by the Additional Principal Chief Conservator of Forests from the Ministry of Environment together with the Forest Regional Office BN Jha. The committee is preparing to submit its report to verify whether these dewbilat factories have really damaged the environment.
The Khasi Author Society (KAS) is a group that has been following closely the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. the residents in many areas especially in unemployment and education.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the tournament, Paiem Dr Balajied congratulated Bah AR Mawthoh who was also the Minister of the Hima Khyrim for being a man who takes responsibility even as the Rangbah Shnong of the Hima Khyrim. Nongrim Hills also because the village is peaceful and well governed.
“This ground is for the purpose of accommodating those who wish to train or hold any sports tournament.
Therefore, Jesus' death on the cross was indeed good to save people from their sins.
Risjoy Syiemlieh scored the first goal in the 23rd minute, Bickeystar Warshong scored the second goal in the 31st minute and Marshansing Lyndem scored the third goal in the 43rd minute.
In the boys' category, Padu United A (Amlarem Block) beat Namdong Sports Club A (Laskeiñ Block) 2-1
They said that there are many schools with few children in Lum Garo, South West Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills. There are also schools that have been established just to make money.
Kalita has stolen gold worth T.4 crore from smugglers during a search operation on the Guwahati-Shillong road. you are from Nongpoh.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Mawlai MLA Embhah Syiemlieh acknowledged that there is support from many quarters this time and said that the former leaders who used to work together to win him have now returned. to work together.
When inquired about the literacy rate in the village, they said that about 90% of the villagers are able to read and write Khasi and about 40% of the villagers are able to understand but they don't know how to read and write. I don't know how to speak clearly and write clearly.
The union urges the parents of those children who will receive the award to take this as an information and to attend the ceremony.
However, today without proof/documentation, no one will listen to you, not like the old days.
The lack of attention of the charterers to think about building bad buses may be because the government has allowed them to do so but from now on, the government will act in a different way where the charterers wai, they shall not be able to do evil.
Sports such as team shooting, sword shooting, will start from 21st November 2021; sports facilities shall be open in accordance with the rules and regulations.
He specifically remembers those who have passed away.
Retail stores likely to open tomorrow include:
East Jaintia Hills District is a district which supports the state government through revenues from coal and other mineral resources but it only knows how to earn money from it without giving anything back, said Waheh Shnong Nongsning Lambha Dhar. .
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 26927 out of which 20061 have recovered and 389 have died.
The El Elyon Institute was inaugurated by Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang in the presence of Victor Ranee MDC, Paiem RH Wahlang Syiem of Jirang Hima and others.
To the people byrngem byrsit; To imprison, bomb and tie, If you violate the Corona law; To be imprisoned for two years.
The drone will record a video and send it immediately to the owner of the house, who is outside, to let him know that there has been an incident in his house and will also shoot the thief while he is on the ground floor.
Bah Shibor Wahlang, one of the prominent walkers of Jaintia Hills, said, “This walk has been very pleasant and enjoyable in these two nights, two days and it has been a success.
This song is Rat te rangi.
MUDA said it has to get permission to build houses while the district council has already passed its own law that cannot take permission to build houses.
Many people have phoned me from the BDO to the VECs regarding the material fees which you have not received yet.
Almost all Christians know that the acts of violence or bloodshed are against the teachings of the Gospel, but it is a difficult subject to understand and the answer that this alone is not enough to give. the decision is clear.
Our approach to the principle of ‘One Planet, One Family, One Future’ is one that resonates around the world.
He said the government has taken the step to come forward after submitting a letter to resolve the issues.
In addition, the anti rabies vaccination campaign included skews kept by humans and street dogs as well as in the past seven days, 631 dogs, including domestic dogs, have been vaccinated. and roads around the villages of Shillong.
The distribution of food items was attended by the Assistant Waheh Chnong of Wahiajer, Ma Lovely Shylla and the beneficiaries selected by the KSU from Wahiajer.
John 4:12.
“80% of the BJP leaders in the state are Christians and if you look at Nagaland where 98% of the voters are Christians they elect about 12 MLAs from the BJP. elect 7 Christian MLAs from the BJP and if you look at South Goa where most of the voters are Christians the BJP won 9 MLAs and also in Mizoram where most of the voters are Christians The CEM of Mara Autonomous District Council in South Mizoram, M. Laikaw, is from the BJP. constituency and he can defeat a Congress candidate who has won four times as an MLA,” he said.
“We want to focus on the task at hand,” Raju said.
According to the Government of India, as of 31st June 2021, 21.31 crore people have received the vaccine and of these only 4.45 crore have received the second dose which is only 3.17% of the population in India.
Speaking at the 35th General Conference of the Nyiro Range Students' Union (NSU) held at Government Middle School, Wokha on Saturday, Patton urged the students to be responsible in their lives in the community due to the increasing number of drug users in the area.
The Seng demands the release of Bah Julius Dorphang by placing him at ISBT Mawïong, the bus stop which is still in operation at Mawïong at 10 pm on the 9th of this month, otherwise it will blow up. bomb at the LP school, which she did not name.
On the resignation of his supporters especially private MLAs, Dr Mukul said, “Who can stop them if they want to resign?”.
Zelensky's visit to the US comes after receiving warnings that the aid package could end this month.
Endeavor Group Holdings, the chief operating officer of the UFC, has announced that it will take a 51% stake in the new company. longevity; while the participants in the WWE tournament in the current generation, will hold 49%.
The reason is that the flesh and the Spirit do not walk together into the Kingdom of God.
“We request the police and the government authorities to take action to investigate and arrest those involved in this illegal act,” he said.
Once completed, the bridge will reduce the distance between the two states by 204 kilometers.
Along with Ayushman, these three bowlers, wicketkeeper and fielders managed to complete their part, to restrict East Garo Hills from 45/1 before the fall of the second wicket. They scored 34 runs for the loss of nine wickets.
Garod issued the order after the death toll from suspected African Swine Fever (ASF) in Nongtalang, Muktapur, Lamin and Shnongpdeng villages in Amlarem Sub-Division. West Jaintia Hills District.
“Your office has not received any order or notice for the implementation of the Ubiattendance Website/App from the relevant authorities and the website/App has been implemented only to monitor the attendance of teachers and not the attendance of other employees in other departments within the boundary of East Jaintia Hills – without permission or approval from the Ministry of Education , the State Government," said the leaders of the two parties.
In this way wild animals are becoming extinct.
“I have spoken to the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju and requested him to send experts to come and help with adequate equipment,” he said.
The next match will be played on the 17th July between Pahamrïoh SC and Ri Syon NEFC on National Highway 06 at Sunapur, East Jaintia Hills district. Narpuh landslide-prone area has been affected by the landslide since the night of July 14 due to heavy rainfall.
The settlement of the border is the most important issue between the two states, Meghalaya and Assam and requires the cooperation of all political parties. anywhere.
The residents of the area were very angry with the President of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram and stopped his vehicle. him and some tried to shake hands.
In connection with the incident, Inspector Bitching N. Marak, Circle Inspector (Sadar), West Garo Hills, has lodged a complaint at Araimile Police Station (Case No.16(07) 2023). Sections 120B/121/121A/188/307/326/353/435/511/143/147/148/149/150/153/153A/155/158/34 IPC along with Section 13 of Unlawful Activities ( ) Act and Section 6A/6B/8A/8B of the Meghalaya Act, and Section 3/4 of the Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act.
While they were walking, the four accused came and beat their father with a stick on the head and took him to the house of Speak Pyngrope.
On the other hand, the Governor of Meghalaya, today, wrote to the Chief Minister, HD Kumaraswamy, that he should complete the election at 1.30 pm, but after that, he did not. The Governor has written again and given a deadline of completion by 6 pm this evening, but the Prime Minister and the Speaker of the House have not listened and thus, the dorbar has been adjourned. It is understood that the election will be held on Tuesday.
The school, which was inaugurated by the MLA of Pynursla, Prestone Tynsong, is known as Pomshutia Secondary School, which is located in Pomshutia.
The protest started from 5 pm to 4 pm and started again at 5 pm on Friday.
Shillong: MePDCL has decided to hand over Mawsynram and Mawkyrwat to the company from Orissa to distribute electricity and collect electricity bills. Renikton Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkyrwat, said that the employment rate of the department has reached 60 to 70 percent.
The DHS said that after completing the 14-day quarantine, they do not need to quarantine again and if anyone does so, it will be illegal.
MPCC President Vincent H Pala has alleged that the MLAs who have left the Congress and joined other parties are trying to steal the money collected from smuggled coal and other money laundering sources.
He was reportedly in Nunsara and Puthisara areas of Bangladesh until 2nd July
On his speech against the order of the High Court, he said that these are the mistakes he has made, but he said whether it is his mistake or the order of the High Court. .
Other speakers included the Principal of Nongtalang College, Dr. RR Kharkongor, former Incharge Principal, Hatmin Lyngdoh Giri, Dr Solony Bareh and Charity Ryngkhlem.
Shillong: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Umiam Umroi area, on Tuesday, met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sngiawbhalang Dhar to send for the removal of five villages in these areas. at Census Town.
On all these, u Bah Michael said that if a person admits that he is too bad and wants to get better, he has hope that he will change, but if a person still talks about himself, “As a nation, if we still say that these writings that appear from time to time are wrong and untrue, it will be difficult for him to change. Because we are a nation that knows man and knows God and has its own customs and traditions, it is difficult for us to improve our nation, but if we accept that our customs are the reason for these writings, it will allow us. “We have to find out about these shortcomings,” said Bah Syiem.
Conrad Sangma said he had talks with the Chief Minister of Assam and they were well prepared for the talks.
The Court also said that these are good policy issues to be left to the Legislative Assembly and the Government authorities and after they have taken a decision, it will be an opening for the residents who are allowed to They should not ask questions about the implementation of the law.
All the best for you sir, you are the only one who stands up to fight to remove the dangers that await the future for the work of the people. If the other members of the Assembly don't support you, we hope that God will help you sir, don't lose hope.
Israeli troops reportedly dropped a bomb on Quneitra on 18 June, where the militant group is based.
Shillong, Lber 6: A hand grenade bomb was found by a day laborer while he was digging at the construction site of Ila Lyngdoh Mawnai at Shyiap, Nongmynsong. , Shillong.
However, to rebuild the society, the households that have been destroyed require the cooperation of the police, the Dorbar Shnongs, the households, the youth organizations, the organizations. They are the ones who are responsible for building the future of each and every citizen by walking in the right path and not by taking the law into their own hands.
“In fact, the C&RD department had planned to appoint a BDO from among the two officers but due to the complaint of these two Congress MLAs, the department has stopped,” the newspaper said.
In a statement, the union also recalled other issues that it has raised such as MUDA's Building Bye Laws, Government Service Conduct Rules and others.
The meeting elected new office bearers including the President of Western Zone, Bah Lumkur Lapang, Secretary Bah Wanker Talang and other members. Bah HD Paswet as Secretary and other members of the Executive Committee.
Jowai, November 29: The leaders of Lapangap village in West Jaintia Hills have expressed their strong opposition to the inspection by the Assam authorities to build a Border Out Post (BOP) within the boundary of Lapangap village. District.
Meanwhile, Granary said they have lodged a complaint with the High Court, Meghalaya on three grounds after their family member was shot dead by the Meghalaya Police in April
So far, 50 people from Tura, Dalu and Rajabala have been trained.
Although this is not the first time that such a program has been held in Shillong, many of the people were surprised to know what happened in Khyndailad.
It can be growth such as the need for food, clothing, health or various needs in the Christian journey and especially growth in the spiritual life. .
BJP government is RSS and conspiracy against Christians specially.
Tynsong said the district authorities have been ordered to punish those who install exhaust pipes in vehicles and two wheelers.
He said that Maieid's ability to establish 1800 schools across Khasi and Jaintia Hills is the light that Maieid has brought to Khasi Jaintia Hills as a whole.
The disciples of the Lord Jesus Christ are those who receive His teaching well. And they will become great SERVANTS of His name. We remember on the road to Emmaus, the Lord Jesus Christ taught them two disciples about the truth of the Word of God from the Old Testament Prophets, the Psalms and to the teaching of His coming, crucifixion and resurrection.
When you are anxious, it forces you to do anything and this affects your brain.
In this age, we young people have a lot of education and we have the hope that one day we will get a full and sustainable job as a government job.
The Village Authority of Neng Gate will hold a curfew tomorrow, 11th November, while the Village Authority of Pynursla will hold a curfew on the 12th November
During the inspection, he said that many of the farmland such as rice and syieng have been damaged. He said that he has already informed the BDO of Mawkyrwat C&RD Block where he personally came to inspect and also to the District Horticulture Office, South West Khasi Hills District to take the necessary action.
Try to breathe even when you are doing any easy work or exercise and exhale when you need to release energy.
Change will not come unless the people change their mindset from the election of members of the Legislative Assembly to the expectation of assistance from the MLAs. good practices that can pave the way for improving the quality of life and income.
I am not that young man who will be caught up in the internet but I know how to do the right thing,” said the son.
Besides, when differences of opinion occur in the border areas especially as happened recently in Mukroh, the government has taken immediate action to talk to the Assam authorities who have been able to resolve the conflict and restore peace. you are at peace.
The order comes into force from today, the government said.
“Thank you very much Bah, if you need anything I will come to you...” said Bah Shanbor.
“According to the notice, it is clear that the rally will accommodate only 100 people and if this is the case, where is the democracy?” said the FKJGP. to immediately cancel the public hearing, because the people have not been able to express their own voice.
He said that last year, the state police have registered 46 cases and 40 people have lost their lives in accidents and 15 percent have been injured.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The contest for the majority of MDC seats will be between the UDP and the Congress but Singh may follow suit.
Thank you very much for taking the initiative of the Rupang newspaper to help explain in detail about class 10 poetry.
Genesis 19:17-22.
Shillong: The Supreme Court will issue its verdict on the transportation of coal from the coal mines in Meghalaya on Tuesday.
Shillong, July 15: The meeting to discuss the proposed amendment to the 6th Scheduled Constitution convened by the state government of political parties, has been suddenly adjourned today.
“We have taken this decision to hold a sit-in as a sign of protest on 25th November and government employees have no right to close,” she said.
Dear Himantaji, after cordial meeting of CMs by Hon’ble Shri @amitshah ji, surprisingly 2 companies of Assam Police with civilians lathicharged & tear gassed civilians at Vairengte Auto Rickshaw stand inside Mizoram today.
He said that among all the districts in the state under the rule of the MDA government, Ri-Bhoi District is the worst affected, since the land has gone to Assam in the demarcation and has been given voluntarily. Without listening to the voice of the people, these residents will become like refugees in Assam and what is more dangerous is that they will fall under the rules of the NRC. “It's a good idea for the people especially the people who understand and see far not to introduce empty camps, but they have made it a law and introduced empty camps in Ri-Bhoi District,” said Bah George.
The arrest of these four persons was made after they were involved in the attack and damage to the church and also injuring the police according to an ejahar lodged against 40 persons who did not respond. The faces of those who attacked the church and the school of the parish have been identified.
Other speakers included the Medical Officer in-charge of Khliehriat CHC, Dr. Iohbor Rymbai and the Treatment Supervisor (STS), Bah Linus Manner.
“In fact, the case is still pending before the Meghalaya High Court.
He said that he has many places to plant these medicinal plants in Paitklong, Langsaw, Umtrew, Itsohpair and Narting in West Jaintia Hills.
The reason is that they have understood that it is useless to contest because there are only a few members and most of them are on the side of the government.
The party has scheduled to announce the first list of candidates for the MDC elections on the 16th of this month and the final list before the end of this month.
It was in June 2019, that Jessica Adams, announced the arrival of the pandemic, which will spread worldwide, that is, in 2020 and also announced the first death, in July 10, 2020 in Wuhan.
“We should not hesitate to discuss and bring clear ideas, strategies and information and we should not be afraid or run away from free discussion.
Several vehicles accompanying the Governor were reportedly damaged, although it is not known whether anyone was injured.
Bhaboklang Nongpluh top scored with 35 runs from 39 balls and Osric Herbert Wanswett took three wickets from four overs.
The union also appeals to the residents not to allow such an incident to happen in Rambrai.
SHILLONG: Touchline North East has announced that it is ready to hold its fourth basketball tournament, known as the Northeast 3×3 Challenge.
When searching many of the documents from the islands, the records of the complaints that she had gone before to prove her ownership, it was found that in these documents that Akrisha had smuggled la There is also a complaint lodged by the owner of the land, Bah Leequa Mukhim, to the Executive Member of the District Council in charge of the Elaka Department. According to the complaint, he has lodged a complaint with the District Council that the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem and Minister Kedri Singh Kharpan have demanded money from him.
Phres Bareh said that he is one of the founding leaders of the HSPDP in Ri-Lum Jaintia, who has been in the party for more than 20 years. The party in the district without any consultation with the leaders.
U Bah Rilang said, “The wild animals, the birds, the fish, the fish are the precious creatures that God the Creator created first, before he created them. and as human beings, we should respect and care for them because they are precious creatures of God”.
Four Congress MPs have been suspended from the session.
At the same time, Bah Mawrie said the party will contest the Lok Sabha elections or any other election.
When the earth is destroyed by a storm, a flood, we see that the roads are worse, in the villages, the houses are destroyed and destroyed by the storm. um and these happen more and more in the rural areas.
m from Nongstoin, to meet with the farmers of the area and to discuss with them regarding the agriculture as well as livestock in the area.
The only problem is that the CCTV footage has not been checked by the police.
“To preserve this old training, even today, the Raliang Elaka continues to hold this one-day festival to meet the children of the raiot of the Elaka in one place,” said Ma Chawas.
The match between the two teams was very interesting and exciting to watch as the two teams fought hard to qualify for the final.
MLA, are you a statesman for what? MLA has the right to rule with the right! Who are you afraid of if you don't want to rule over sin? If you want to rule by sin, why don't you die, so that there will be ANARCHY, LAWLESSNESS, DOOM; Your hell is Khlei and your hell is yours...............)????.
They ate only to live.
Send us your message at rupangnews@gmail.com, and we will publish it on urupang.com]
Shillong: The BJP today issued a statement on the raid on the house of Bernard Marak and in the statement, the party said that Marak, is in great distress. They demanded that the government should provide security to the life of the party leader and that it should also lift all the rules against him.
The Puja in Nartiang was held smoothly without any disruption.
He said that the search operation will continue and those who violate the law will be severely punished.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today held a placard rally at the State Central Library, Shillong.
The leader of the Ka Sur u Paidbah ka Bri u Hynniewtrep, said that the government's quick decision to allow companies to bring in foreigners to work shows that this government is not for the people of the state but for foreign workers.
(The word became flesh).
It is to be recalled that the father, who is no longer living with his wife, called the two children at 5 pm on 30th June 2022 to take them to buy food at the shop.
This is not the first time that Adhoc teachers under the banner of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) have taken to the streets to demand their rights from the Government. The meeting of this group of teachers is on the 12th of June,
E.Gympad, Secretary of the Presbyterian Church.
For those reasons, it was mentioned above that at the meeting held on 6th July, 2023, the outstanding payment of salaries for the month of November will be made before the 13th. July 2023, if the management fails to complete the payment of salaries as stipulated by the union, a general meeting of the employees will be held to take a decision and take other measures.
Besides the Home Department, Roshan has also been in charge of the Home (Jails) and PWD (Building) Departments.
On this occasion, the Chairman said that this is the decision of the two governments to resolve the border.
The children were not present at all and others in the household were not infected, Vadra said.
In addition, trees and forests are the most important parts of the earth's surface.
He said that last year there was an iTeam 1917 vehicle that the farmers used to send and the farmers still have a lot of money because they carried the iTeam 1917 vehicle. but since the iTeam 1917 vehicle is no longer available, the farmers have started to complain because to transport the products they have to transport them by private vehicles and at a higher price. which is very expensive.
She said that to open up opportunities for nurses, it is also necessary for them to read and learn other languages. health facilities outside the State or to other countries as well who need health services.
This is also like their celebration of Apollo Day.
In fact, Sonidan SC won the match, as the players were able to control the match, while they were able to lead the match by scoring. Sonidan SC led the first goal, but the goal didn't last long, as after a few minutes, Lumniwar SC, managed to turn the tide and end the first half with a goal. 1-1.
Bah Tongper joined the HNLC in 2010 and after training he has worked as a full member of the HNLC. He has been arrested by the Meghalaya Police Department and He was released on bail but joined the party in 2020. After his joining, he settled in Panaipunjee District in Bangladesh.
In the 70 years of the Sixth Schedule, there have been many benefits and happiness for the Khasi-Jaintia Hills but there have also been many challenges.
The Government has set a target that all the villages should not face any problems during the rainy season and will build bridges to connect from one side to the other of the river whether they are vehicular or not. only the people.
Banteiskhem Kharmawlong of St. Thomas HSS and Sylviamagdaline Marshiangbai of St. Joseph HSS won the Best Athlete title in the Under-1 In the Under-18 category, Lawanphrang L. Mawnai and Kandamankyrhai L. Nonglait of Mairang Presbyterian SS won the Best Team title. Joseph HSS in the men's and women's category.
They said that the reason for their joining KHNAM is on the grounds that they have seen that KHNAM has a strong foundation to stand for the cause of the people.
In the final, Symper Rangers won by three wickets and became the winners while Laitlum Hitters became the runners-up.
“The Word was the true Light” (John 1:9).
No….
Jowai, Lber 23: The Jaintia Women Awakening Movement (JWAM) in a statement sent by its President, Kong R.Shylla, congratulates and wishes all the children and youth in Jaintia Hills and the state. All those who have applied for the SSLC and HSSLC examination in 2022 will start tomorrow.
“The investigation into the deaths of two men who fell into the ground in Rngain is ongoing and the police and the IO will soon send a report to the government for action,” said Prestone.
The media shall comply with all the directives of the Election Commission/Returning Officers or Chief Electoral Officers issued from time to time.
Beneficial drinks also include such as coconut water and a little sugar-free honey.
It will be proposed to provide education in Sanskrit at all levels of schools and higher education as an opportunity for children including the formula to have three languages.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, said that while the dorbar is ongoing, the government will bring forward the bill. repeal of the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act.
In fact, in Jaintia Hills there are more than 2500 Muster Rolls and all of them are under the same Lama.
The government has not responded to the issue, but has listened to the speech, said Agatha.
The BJP has questioned the speeches and actions of Pala and the Congress party.
To talk about those barracks, it gives us hope even for those of us who are still standing up to protect the nation because as we have witnessed for ourselves that in the barracks I am like a group of soldiers and their families. The Khasi live in Shillong.
The church has a great importance and we shall not overlook it, because when we talk here about the church, it does not refer to one religion, but all the inhabitants of the village have their own religion. those of churches, houses of worship, houses of worship, where they used to meet together to worship God, to pray and so on.
Therefore, he advised them to teach and encourage them to play sports and exercise immediately and to avoid the use of alcoholic beverages which can deteriorate their lives.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the Triennial Conference, the Working President of the PDF, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said, “From the very beginning, we have discussed that the PDF will do this. The current election will go smoothly and after the election we will see how it will be in terms of victory and defeat.
The total number of cases in Assam has now reached 27,7
This morning, the office of Pratibadi Kalam, a newspaper in Agartala, was also set on fire, vehicles and motorcycles parked there.
Shillong, Jaiong :The Society for Labor and Development (SLD Agency) has been established with the aim of improving the welfare of employees. dignity of human dignity and also to assist between workers and employers.
This is because our people have been persecuted and tortured in many ways by the Karbi people besides these people have settled in the land of the Khasi Jaintia people.
At the same time, he said that in collaboration with the government authorities, the party has agreed to march from Keating Road to Khyndailad to Motphran by avoiding the Secretariat because the party does not want to announce in the your journey.
She said that although the residents of the village have started to engage in the cultivation of kwai.
The people really hope for a bright future in all aspects.
He was a member of the surrender program of the Meghalaya Police, which led them to raid his house in the dark hours and shoot him alive. ba u the tur by you date.
Shillong: A meeting of the District Task Force on COVID-19 and COVID-19 vaccination was held on 5th July 2022 at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong. , IAS, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
However, due to the lack of proposals from the previous governments, it has been explained through studies to know the boundaries of the state.
After a thorough investigation, the KSU found that the reason for this is due to the government's change in the working methods of teachers in which they have to complete the B.Ed. They had to complete this task first.
Although the leadership position, it is understood, did not appear in the discussion held today, but many of the MLAs, who attended the meeting, expressed their views on the position. The AICC, in which it is understood, wants the AICC to speak in a clear voice, on the issue of these two MLAs, who have been written up, because of these. Deborah Marak and Ampareen Lyngdoh, in connection with the teacher appointment.
Besides the Rangbah Shnongs, also present on the occasion were Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA North Shillong and Bah Mohendro Rapsang MLA Shillong West. Village on many issues related to the welfare of the village.
Shillong, July 23: After a three-hour meeting held today at the Police Training Centre, Golflink; The government and the two Garo rebel groups, the ANVC and the ANVC-B, have reached an agreement in which they have promised to talk to each other. , not to cause any disturbance and violence in Ri-Lum Garo.
If the people had done these things, they would have been punished.
The state government has also issued the receipts of GST paid so the government needs to continue investigating into the smuggling of coal.
Due to the heavy rainfall, the water from the hills has come to lynshop and destroyed the bridge in Shymplong village. Vehicles from the border areas pass through this bridge and carry foodstuffs, agricultural products and deliver them to the market.
It's too late even in the case of the road that has been covered with new shreng shiah and btuit sohpailen that if you make a mistake you'll be hit by the speh that doesn't shluit lane. you can't synthesize completely.
He hopes that they will give him another victory this time.
The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Shillong in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Shillong has celebrated the Constitution Day of the country to commemorate the adoption of the Constitution of the country. The country was established on 26th November 1949 by the leaders of the country.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The office bearers of the Nongkrem Block Congress Committee (NBCC) on Tuesday met with Bah Kennedy Khyriem, MLA, President of the Nongkrem Block Congress Committee (NBCC). Earlier, they met with Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Urban Affairs, in the presence of Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, at the Secretariat today. The MPCC, the party, as well as the State Government and KHADC authorities led by the Congress Party to take action and discuss the issues of the people of Nongkrem Constituency, and gave some suggestions among others. others to create mechanisms to monitor the implementation of policies in the field of PWD, Health, Agriculture, Education, Power, Sports and Youth Affairs, Art and Culture, Tourism, and Transportation.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the government has taken a step to include everyone in the society as the state moves forward.
The SP of Ri Bhoi District in collaboration with the village authorities and youths have launched a campaign against drug trafficking. The Bike Rally was held to educate the public about the dangers of drug abuse.
Chandranathan is an IPS officer of the Assam Meghalaya cadre since 1986 and is the Special Director General of Railways, Assam.
The party's mission is to bring about a clean politics free of corruption and violence in the working methods of various government departments including the appointment authorities,” he said. state.
Besides informing the police, the family members also urged the public who sees the youth or the vehicle, to please inform the police or call the number 6909545317 the number of the family members. of the young man who had gone missing from home.
“This action of the Government of India is no different from the action of the British Government against Tirot Singh.
After the expiry of the deadline to apologize for the statement against the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Facebook in a group called “Ka Lympung Ki Khun Ka Ri” written by Hbk Lyngdoh, on the 29th of June, lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills District against him.
Along with health and tourism, support Conrad's vision to take the state to the top in the next 10 years.
To protect your body from preventable diseases, you need to take the right medicine before the disease occurs.
The CEM said the meeting was successful in which the government decided to suspend the implementation of the MUDA building rules which fall under the Council's land.
