Noting that everyone has their own way of governing, Mukul said the state government's vision is to bring about change in the state.
Bah Hek has made a mistake in making this statement,” said Bah Mawrie.
When asked how the Government will act if there are more people who do not register as land dealers, Bah Paul said that what will be taken is those who have registered and follow the rules. The law, not to others who come to do so, because the allocation of land to sell to another place, shall be in accordance with the provisions of the law.
There are also nine uniforms worn by the captains and managers of the French football club, which came first in the 2nd Div. ri (Rainbow Colored) as the tournament is now holding games as its fight against homophobia.
This year's tournament will be more special and exciting for football fans where players and fans from all over the country and abroad will be witnessed.
The construction of the road has started from Umkhyrmi and has now reached Riat Kyn-O and Iurim Biam in Khatkasla and Psiar villages in Laskein Block, West Jaintia Hills District.
When contacted by some of the shopkeepers in Them Ïewmawlong, they said that recently the Commissioner of FSSAI has said that they are no longer allowed to set up shops in this area because it is not a place. It is clean because there is no bread shop near these shops.
The increase in the price of these products has a positive impact on consumers in the form of increased food expenditure.
Shillong: The Supreme Court on Tuesday heard a hearing on the National Green Tribunal (NGT)'s ban on coal mining in a petition filed by Ma Lber Laloo, from the National Green Tribunal (NGT). Racing, Jowai.
Those who go to heaven will experience only the first death, but those who go to hell will also experience the second death (Revelation 20:14).
The Fast Track Court should be set up for many cases of violence against women in the state and elsewhere, as approved by the Verma Commission for those found guilty of violence against women in the state. The places where there is violence shall be subject to the provisions of the Criminal Procedure Code.
Dkhar said there will be a ceremony for the funeral of Conrad Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma.
In these days, the damage to houses, agricultural products has been severe due to the storm and rain and cold especially in Pynursla, Sohra, and Bhoi.
According to the information received, the pig when it went to feed in the morning, it was still eating like it was not.
The Association through its President has informed that the competition will start from 19th November 2023 and will end on 21st November 2023 at the State Central Library, Shillong.
The KSU has also warned the Assam government that the KSU will not allow the construction of this school.
The opening ceremony was also attended by leaders of various political parties including the Jaintia Students Union (JSU), led by the President, Samla Jersom Shylla, President of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU), U LS Rymbai, President of the Federation of Khasi and Garo People, Mac Meral Suting, President of STIEH, Deiwi Tongper and others were also present. Kyrmen Shylla, Deputy CEM of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, former leader of the KSU Nari Lim, Lasky Rymbai, MDC Khliehriat, Finelyness Bareh , Rev. George Shinning Lyngkhoi, Rev. Emlangmi Sapuh and other dignitaries.
So far, 52 cases have been confirmed and 9 are undergoing treatment, wrote Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on his Facebook page.
The French troops started leaving the French airport at 6 am on Sunday morning and one plane could carry about 100 passengers. guest.
The funeral service will be held at Wahkhen, Pynursla tomorrow.
HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that two HSPDP MLAs – Shakliar Warjri (Mawthadraishan) and Methodious Dkhar (Mawshynrut) – were with him in the morning when they came to his house. Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, but after a few hours, they left and did not return.
Let him understand,” said Kynsai in a soft voice.
Houses of people and government buildings have been affected in the incident, a tree has fallen on the office of the Superintendent of Police in Ampati and the DIPR office has also been affected in the same incident. .
Sofiia, an IT manager, arrived in London on 4 January and immediately moved in with Tony and Lorna in Bradford, West Yorks; However, her arrival broke the relationship between Tony and Lorna.
As the leader of the area, he said that this is not the end but many development works will come to the village as the village still needs a lot of assistance and as the MLA he will continue to take care of their needs. and requested the village leaders to cooperate for the development of the village.
I hear many parents complain about this effect especially on the younger ones.
If the larvae have sprouted, apply Cross line powder diluted with water and if this is done, the larvae will die and the larvae will no longer sprout.
He urged the youth not to neglect their studies as they do not know the future of Meghalaya.
Schlesinger, on the other hand, cannot explain the characteristics of a person who harms others.
This announcement was made by the Secretary, District Council Affairs, Bah FM Dopth today, 19th November 2013 on the orders of the Governor.
Mohammed Salah opened the scoring for Liverpool in the second minute from the penalty spot and Divock Origi scored the second goal in the 87th minute.
However, according to Dr Donkupar, the UDP election will be to support Bah Pynshngain N Syiem as CEM of KHADC. “I want to clarify to the people who ask why we have not issued a manifesto, the answer is because the party has already issued a manifesto in the last MDC election (2014) and this is now the only one. election mid-term".
The construction of the Auditorium has started since 2012-13 and about Rs 4 crore has been allocated through the NEC Scheme. they shall be covered with sañium, and shall be covered with sañium.
He said that it was the people who came to him and made him contest the MDC election, although he did not win, but this time too it depends on the power and will of the people.
As part of this day, he also had the opportunity to talk to the Rangbah Shnongs of these villages and ask them about their problems and the implementation of development projects. in their villages and towns.
In Meghalaya there are many beautiful places but no one takes care of them.
With this victory, Mawlai SC (29 points) who are top of the table have beaten Langsning FC (21 points) by eight points.
To prevent the spread of COVID-19, the Dorbar Shnong Mukhla Nongrim has once again requested all foreigners not to enter the village without any work during this time. the law in the fight against the disease.
Anyone who violates this order will be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Members of the KSU Jowai Circle have allowed the district administration of West Jaintia Hills District to take over the body of the Assam policeman.
Fourty-five villages in the Sohra area will meet on 4th November to discuss the government's decision to withdraw up to T.27 crore from the Sohra Ecological Project.
Speaking on the occasion, Father Manbha Pakem, Director of Social Services, Jowai Diocese, said that after the inspection, it was found that these 50 households are in urgent need of food. The Society, with its sympathy and concern for the needs of these families, has brought tins for these families to repair them immediately. Their families who have been affected by this cold weather.
They are known as the 'Extinction Rebellion' groups. They are standing next to the MPs, who have been killed by the iit. people who are dressed in lymbuid half their bodies.
“Do you have a mother?” he asked Nia. “Yes, I went to Upper Shillong,” said Nia.
Vijay Kumar D. (IAS), Commissioner Secretary, Tourism Department, inaugurated the festival at Sohliya village. Bah O.Lyngkhoi, Rangbah Shnong of Sohliya and other senior officers were also present as the chief guest.
It will be the first time in the history of NEHU that it will win a gold medal in inter-university competitions.
Earlier in the programme, the Basin Department had also conducted a tree planting campaign in the surroundings of the Science Hall in Nongpoh to educate the public on the importance of preserving trees and the environment. Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh took part as the chief guest in the presence of Bah MB Tongper Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District and other officers from the Basin Department. drawing, science exhibition, debate and others.
The meeting was also attended by the Excellency Ambassador who was also the chief guest.
Long trains will be waiting for you, especially when they come night and day, with all kinds of people, who have their own purposes and characteristics.
However, this should be investigated so that the facts can be revealed,” said Lackystone.
Shillong, Nailar 11: U Gopal Krishna, Citizens Forum for Civil Liberties (CFCL) has sent a letter to the Chairman of the Press Council of India (PCI), Soochna Bhavan, Lodhi Road, New Delhi. PCI, New Delhi to immediately stop the registration of UID/Aadhaar number for journalists saying that this registration of journalists violates the rules relating to them.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the visit of the Minister and officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to the villages of Covid-19 patients is not to destroy the families. but it is to encourage all the residents of the area not to be afraid of the infection of the residents of the area.
GNLA Commander-in-Chief Sohan D Shira in a statement said that the GNLA welcomes the initiative to hold talks for the sake of peace with the GNLA. Sujit Dey's lawyer to hold peace talks"
JOWAI: The Urban Planner Office, West Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) and the Jowai Municipal Board has called together all the street vendors in Jowai to explain to the public the rights they deserve.
The Dorbar Shnong Lumkya has alleged that it has received information that the money collected at the Lumkya Gate has not reached the Council but has been wasted only by the employees of the Forest Department.
When asked about his findings, Dr. Chyrmang said that nothing can be said yet as the investigation is ongoing.
(3) To not allow foreigners to destroy the nation by marriage, by trade, by selling land.
Let us turn to the Word of God, what happens to “THEY WHO FIGHT”.
The total investment for the facility will be $ 2.75 billion through the support of the Central Government and the Government of Gujarat.
The matches on the 25th of June will be between Tympang FC vs Nonglatem at 11 pm, Mawsiang FC Nongkhroh vs Moodymmai at 1 pm and Iooksi Youth Welfare vs Royal at 1 pm. Pole Mihmyntdu haka at 3 pm.
Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, was the chief guest, Bah DP Wahlang, Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Home Affairs. RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills District.
When contacted by Rupang, the relatives of the victims, who are undergoing treatment at Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong, said that four brothers including the mother are in critical condition after the incident. who ate the tit.
On the other hand, Bah Pangniang said that such residents who face such problems, the village headmen should provide adequate figures to those families who have children who have disability.
Referring to the incident in Manipur, Rakkam said, “I am very sorry that we have lost the leader of PA Sangma because we need a person like him to speak in Parliament for “He is a truly skilled and recognized leader not only in the country but around the world”.
There is also talk of Narendra Modi's far-reaching vision of appointing Sarbananda Sonowal, BJP leader in Assam and MP, as Children's Minister. and Lucknow.
Before the time of the British, the Hima Jaintia was one of the strongest kingdoms that emerged from the hills of Meghalaya.
After setting fire to AMD vehicles at Wahkaji and Mawthabah, the robbers continued to set fire to another truck number AS 01EC
He said this after recently the UDP leaders in Ri Bhoi, said that he left the party for personal reasons, without any reason. within the Party.
“So, when this came to our attention, we had a meeting in the past few weeks- I won’t elaborate because it was an internal meeting-and we directed the Police to take “We have taken steps and done whatever is necessary to ensure that such incidents do not happen,” he said.
The VPP has included Article 371 as one of the issues in the Lok Sabha MP elections.
It is believed that there are several reasons for the decline in income and one of these is doubts about the US war against Chian and England's intention to leave the group. European countries or Brexit and then the decline in sales and income in the domestic market.
“We have decided to take this examination because there is no rule that if teachers fail to get 45 percent they will be dismissed but it is only for further training. hikai”, said Bah FC Shullai and added that if they fail they can fight again in the subject which they did not reach the mark.
The Khasi Hills became part of India by signing the Instrument of Accession in
He urged the traffic authorities to install speed breakers in the necessary places and urged the youths who drive two wheelers to be careful to avoid accidents.
However, the family members of the former HNLC leader, who is suffering from illness in Khyllai, said that the raid was planned by the police to kill him.
He said the EC should take responsibility on this matter and should not provide clarification as the Council officers also have no knowledge on this matter.
We must no longer listen to or allow the leaders and Ïingkhong shyllangmat, selfish people to deceive us just to win elections, get Ministerial posts, and sell our country and nation into slavery.
Those who attended the closing ceremony included Jayson S. Mawlong MLA Umsning Constituency, Paiem Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai, Ferdynald K. Kharkamni, President KSU NKHD; Rayonald Kharkamni and many others.
But it says – “You get sleep or you sleep”.
New Delhi, July 9: U Jitender Singh Tomar, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Delhi, one of the Cabinet members of Arvind Kejriwal's cabinet, was arrested on Tuesday on charges of He filed forged documents when he filed his nomination papers for the AAP election in June this year.
In fact, Bah Che has been used by the IB and SB to meet with the party.
The festival will run until the 2nd of June.
Ajmal, who is also an MP in the Lok Sabha, said that there has been no discussion yet and it will be discussed after the resolution. of elections in Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The National People's Party (NPP), which won 26 MLAs in the Legislative Assembly elections in June, 2023, has now reached the majority. with the full participation of two MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF).
Mawlai have returned to the SPL for the first time since
Where shall the children of the land go?
The council has approved to receive an Estimates Receipt of T.174,59,38,400/- (One Hundred and Ninety-Four thousand three hundred and ninety-five thousand four thousand.
– Because the Goal of the Purpose is good, we think that the path we take to reach that Goal should also be good.
The day will start with a thanksgiving ceremony from Khyrdop Lum Sohpetbneng at 8 pm and at 10 pm there will be a thanksgiving ceremony on the Duwan of this sacred mountain.
“He offered me these seeds and told me to take care of them like a child.
In connection with this incident, his body has not been found at the time of writing.
It was also heard that through the thylleij language they spoke, it was heard that it was Manipuri.
A youth from Myriaw, who has worked in Mumbai, told those who visited the training centers through a video call that he works for a car manufacturing company in Mumbai and he is happy and happy that even with a low level of education, he was able to earn and help his family.
As part of the efforts to curb smuggling from the border areas, the BSF chiefs have appealed to the people living in the border areas to report any information they have. The smugglers of gold through the Seema Saathi helpline number
Some of them are – Prayer without faith, false prayer or request, prayer with a hypocritical spirit, pride, prayer to God without forgiveness, and because there is no sin.
How happy my soul is to dwell in the presence of God who knows how to createThe village of Sutnga, the village of Maia.
Recently, a group of dismissed contract teachers from the Meghalaya Government Lower Primary Contract Teachers' Association (MGLPCTA) have demanded that the government should appoint them.
Even the employees don't know whether the officer is not working or not.
On the other hand, the ASDMA authorities said that the floods have affected 10 villages within the boundary of three revenue circles.
He expressed his regret over the decision of KSU leader Frederick Khawmawphlang to join the HNLC and this is because the government does not care about the youth.
At present, the department has received the reply and explanation from the Tactical Team-I. We will have to read and analyze it carefully.
I feel they should wait first because it is not easy for the government to dismiss the cases like that especially those cases which have already been prosecuted and reached the court,” he said.
Hundreds of employees of Robert Hospital have come to protest against the KJP Synod after they could no longer listen to the delay in implementing their demands. Dr David Tariang has been appointed as Medical Superintendent.
Titosstarwell Chyne said that the second round of talks on the border settlement will go smoothly and there will be no talk that will cause harm.
It is with these thoughts in the minds of the workers that the road gradually extends to Lad Pnar and across the Wah Umñiangriang, Umlangdi and Wah Khri until it reaches the sharing hills of Mawïong. to the Dongki house.
He said that Digitization will help the Government to ensure the smooth implementation of the Government's schemes and programmes.
Shillong, 11: The teachers of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) today strongly condemned the police's violence against the students of Kiang Nangbah Govt College while they were holding a protest to demand the rights of the students. college requirements.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “I am ready to join the BJP if the central government implements the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and repeals the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) from Meghalaya. ".
Another road that was visited by another Welsh missionary was the road at Jaïaw near the Robert Hospital, where Prestone urged the management of this hospital to send a letter, The government has decided to rename this road Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Road.
Thank you very much to all the villagers (Dorbar Shnong, VDP, VO & Sein Manbei Tuber Kmai Shnong), friends, relatives, relatives near and far, religious departments (Seinraij Tuber, SRT Women's Wing, Sein Kyntu, Sein Kyntu, Sein Tylli Lang Niamtre Ladthadlaboh), Pastors & Tymmen Basan and other religious leaders from various churches, various organizations, Woodland WK Hospital, Sabahmuswang, MLAs /MDC, the LP School Teachers Association, the SDSEO Office EJH District, Government Officials, the Media, and others who have helped us as well as you have come to comfort and encourage us and the family of (L) Mrs. Tiewmihpli Lyngdoh and her son on 12/7/2
in which times of trouble are like these, when men are lovers of themselves, lovers of money, self-assuming, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, unruly. , thieves, without forgiveness, slanderers, without love of goodness, betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God.
Speaking and welcoming their cooperation, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said, “Cooperation and unity is essential for the development of the Mawkynrew area. childless in the years that have passed".
On the above grounds, the Minister was urged to take action on this issue before the office issues the permit for the new dewbilat factories in the village. which they will continue to strongly oppose.
UDP MLA Jemino Mawthoh questioned the killing of animals by rituals, the minister said the government does not allow such killing of animals.
Nongstoiñ, June 3: The victory of Bah Methodius Dkhar as MLA from the 34th Mawshynrut Assembly constituency, will be a great blessing to the people of Mawshynrut, after the formation of the government and the first Budget Session. has ended, he has come to meet the fans and even he has not been able to meet all the fans in different zones.
Mawsiang FC Nongkhroh beat Iong Dahi 4-3 goals while Pateinki Sabah beat Khliehmyntdu Neinchong 2-0
I apologize for not being able to name all of them, but please accept that this thanksgiving will be to all through the spokesperson Kolwit Chyrmang I who is the brother of Kñi Rangbah (L) Bud Chyrmang Bam kwai ha Dwar u God.
Teachers in various schools were surprised by the sudden decline in learning among the children.
This is the village of Santo Stefano di Sessanio and wants to encourage people to settle in this village.
Over the years, poverty has increased in Meghalaya.
In this amendment, the word “Ka” has been inserted in section 7 which says “to become office bearers of the KSU u/ka shall be...”, but it has not been fully implemented or created the mechanisms how to become office bearers of the KSU. young women will hold the leadership of the Union.
This is a sign of encouragement to these people who have fled from Manipur.
I also thank God for blessing (this house) with Thomas holding the post of Lamphang, Timothy as Symbud Lamphang and Bah Paul as Minister”.
During those months, we also see that the Chief Minister, the Deputy Chief Minister and the Ministerial team of the MDA Government have spent a lot of time and money just to go to Delhi to meet Amit Shah.
D.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod (KJPSS) has convened an emergency meeting of the KJP Girls' Higher Secondary School (KJPSS) on the 24th of this month to discuss the tragic incident. The incident occurred when a fire destroyed the old buildings of the Missionaries on the morning of the 21st of this month.
Those who are skilled in this field should prepare themselves well to contest elections which is the very noble art of politics.
Therefore, let us examine the state of the world today and let us travel around the countries of the world and different religious groups.
Marketing Executive – MBA or 2 years Post Graduation Diploma in the discipline of marketing.
According to the letter, the Seng leaders said that if the company is allowed to mine coal, it will affect the forests in the Narpuh area and also the Lukha River in Sonapyrdi. you don't have to worry about the environment.
Besides, he urged the CAA to continue until it reaches the hearts of the people of Ri Khasi.
Bonifast Tyrsa, father of the youth, said that after his son disappeared from home, they searched around with the villagers.
He said that so far about 75 percent of the major works have been completed.
Replying to the allegations of corruption against the NPP-led MDA government, Rapsang said, “There is no big issue.
“Papa, I'll try that.
Khliehriat, Nailur 6: Due to the heavy traffic jam in Sonapur area due to the landslide near the tunnel, many heavy vehicles carrying cargo and some carrying excessive cargo have parked on the tunnel. The Sonapur Bridge on the Lukha River, the traffic jam for many hours from morning till night has caused damage to the Lukha Bridge in Sonapur.
The winners are from Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Meghalaya.
Gabriel Nongrum was awarded the Best Player award while Klingson Marak of NESBFC was awarded the Most Promising Player award while Manzur was awarded the Most Promising Player award. Hussain of the Handicapped Association of Manipur.
In a summons to the Delhi Police Chief , Bassi , the Prime Minister expressed his dissatisfaction with the lack of action by the Delhi Police despite the fact that such incidents of attacks on Christians have happened for almost half a century. dozen.
Gandhi that she forbade them to interfere and resolve the Telengana issue when it was still in its infancy.
“This is an ongoing task and therefore we will need to install up to 100 drones and operate every day to map the areas.
The allegation was made against the doctors of the Civil Hospital Nongpoh after receiving a complaint from the parents of the youth, who had been admitted to the hospital since 2023 when the young man was lying in bed without being treated by doctors.
Let us look at the condition of roads or the lack of electricity or the lack of water supply or the lack of cleanliness or traffic jam and so on. I'm going to come, you're going to be wrong.
The payment was made during the construction of the Republic TV studio.
Nongpoh, July 18: One of the members of the SHG, Silme K. Marak today expressed her gratitude to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi through a webcast held at the Training Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office, Ri Bhoi District.
Prodip Rongpi, Rupsing Teron, Amar Sing Tisso and Kache Rongpipi were the EMs and Probhat Taro. The committee was accompanied by Principal Secretary Mahadananda Hazarika, Secretary PHE, KAAC, Si-im Taro, government officials and villagers. The District Level Inter-School Cup Football Tournament 2019 has been held on Saturday.
On the 29th, the tournament was inaugurated by TMC State Vice President James Lyngdoh and TMC MLA Miani D Shira.
In the next step, as smart and stingy as she was, Rida completed her room.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has announced the results of the UPSC-CSE Scholarship Examination 2022 which was held on the 14th of this month. North Eastern Hill University Arts Cluster Classroom on Friday from 6:00 pm through the website of the Seng.
In the first half, Rymbai Synrang Shahkhain played against Pamrapaithlu SC without any goal.
It's not just about distributing football uniforms or laptops or musical instruments.
Last month, there was another landslide in the area, but in this incident, there was no tragic incident and it did not cause any problems to those who came and went. According to the residents, the stone was thrown away by a man named Deng.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The UDP MDC from Nongpoh Constituency, Rona Khymdeit, on Tuesday said that the UDP MDCs in Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have two groups, one supporting the People's Democratic Party (PDP). Speaking to reporters, Kong Rona said that in the second session of the House, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and another member of the PDF. In the coming months, the UDP MDCs will have to answer questions or requests for clarification from their fellow leaders.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising JHTOA, MTU and All Jaintia Hills Clinkers and Cement Association (AJHCCA) following the government's announcement of the new price on 25th November They were delighted and on the 17th of this month at a meeting held at Phramer they decided unanimously to accept the new price.
The CEO of Geeklurn, who identified himself as Sreenivas, has been taken into custody for questioning.
Malngiang won the 2018 election from the HSPDP.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 17: A fire broke out at around 3:30 pm today in the house of Aisidora Nongphud from Mawsiangbah village.
Shillong, Nailur 04: One day before the celebration of Teacher's Day on the 5th of November, the Primary Teachers Association (AMPSTA) has held a march in Shillong to convey their demands to the government authorities.
When inquiring about the questions to be brought to the KHADC Dorbar, it was learned that there will be many questions related to the market, elaka/hima and other departments. The most important members of the dorbar will be the Departments of Legal Affairs, Taxation and Trade.
The event was attended by the elderly, men and women to the youth.
The benefits of the One Day Career Symposium include how to understand their own strengths and interests, training on how to set goals and choose career development, information on how to pursue higher education, choice of new lines of study and information on the best colleges and institutions in the country.
The strength of any nation depends on trade and income.
The protest was intense and among all the protests, the reason was that the shooting of a child in Them Metor caused trouble.
Shakira, who is devastated after being deceived and deceived by Gerard, wants to leave her old life and regain the happiness and joy she has lost.
“When it comes to colleges in Jaintia Hills, sometimes as leaders we are ashamed to express them because they are still lacking in all aspects,” said Sniawbhalang Dhar.
Meanwhile, Islamabad has demanded that India clarify its treatment of these missiles to prevent misfiring of missiles from such incidents with India. It should clearly explain the types of weapons and the power of the weapons, which fell into Pakistan.
Golf Haka to Jason Passah.
Our goal is not only to increase the number of participants but to promote sport for all states.
She said that others used to come to ask permission from her as the owner of the land but she alleged that the village had passed away and expressed her regret over this.
There are also those who have come to inform the union that many young people have lost their jobs as employees and many of them have lost their jobs for example in the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills. .
“There was a strong wind blowing against Khariv.
The Nongpoh Sports Association has also prepared prizes where the winner will receive a cash prize of T.1 lakh and the runner up will receive a cash prize of T.50,0 Trophy.
Many people do not understand how important it is to drink water.
Meanwhile, the BJP has benefited from the absence of a strong leader to oppose Shri Narendra Modi in the opposition, especially when many opposition leaders have appeared. All the opposition parties, the Indian National Congress and other parties led by the TMC, MGC (SP+BSP+RLD), TDP, RJD, all these parties they have fallen and the question is whether they will be able to stand again.
The union suspects that there has also been a letter from the Commissioner of the Health Department of the State Government directing the DCs who are also the Chairpersons of the District AYUSH Society to take the necessary measures to arrange for the recruitment and notification lane. The circular is not available in the public domain to provide further information on how many posts have been requested.
To this day, there are still many households in rural areas who do not have adequate sanitation or toilets.
The meeting was attended by Party President and Nongkrem MLA, Adelbert Nongrum, North Shillong MLA, Brighstarwell Marbaniang, Mawlai MLA and other party leaders.
The Minister said that during his visit to the Governing Body meeting of the NITI Aayog held in Delhi on Tuesday, he had the opportunity to meet and talk to The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, said that the first meeting to discuss the border issue in the second session will be held after Independence Day.
The JUD Cement factory at Wahiajer, East Jaintia Hills District has also suffered severe damage.
About 50 to 60 members of these two organizations took part in the march and were seen carrying iong flags and shouting against the incident at Moohkep. in which two lives were lost in the police bullets.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: In Meghalaya and the country, All India Radio Shillong has celebrated the World Radio Day with various songs in the city on this day. Thursday at the Sri Aurobindo Institute.
He said that the teaching methods are in line with the modern era of digital learning using computers, tablets and the internet. to bring this school to the village.
The escape of the suspect happened at 4 pm this morning. A nurse working at the scene saw him running away but police could not arrest him.
Serbilin Lyngdoh, President of the FKJGP Langpih Area Unit, said that the Chairman of the Regional Committee on Border Dispute should invite the Hima rulers and Rangbah Shnongs together. keep the conversation going.
The Israeli army wrote in a tweet that its troops are now on the ground to engage Hamas militants, with the assistance of warplanes.
It is learned that on July 29, the team visited these families to provide their assistance.
“We buy fish at T.220 per kilo from Assam and the cost of buying fish to put in the pond has reached about T.70,000 to T.1 lakh,” said Bah Nongbri, who owns a pond in Assam. Smith.
Shillong, Naitung 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today strongly condemned the stone throwing at the residence of Government Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA from East Shillong Constituency.
This method of making sugar from gur is not common, and requires some more accurate knowledge.
I would like to thank Bah Titos Chyne CEM at that time, who agreed not to allow such a proposal, after I read the 43 pages scheme and which I The MDCs explained at the meeting that this scheme is dangerous, which is like a threat to our villages in the rural areas especially, that foreign workers from all over the country will come to live in these 7000 houses. villages for more than 5 years, to meet the incomprehensible standard.
"As part of offering further assistance from the government and people of Tamil Nadu, Stalin said, “If there is anything we can do to help for repairs or improvements, please don't do not hide it from me, but make it known to me as it is.
The HPC said the plan was incomplete, as it did not clearly define the land to be allocated for the households.
The most tragic incident on Saturday was the incident of a poor woman and her family members in a white Tourist car who were about to go to hospital.
The General Meeting of the Polo Auto Rickshaw Owners and Drivers Association (PORIA) has been renewed and the office bearers have been re-elected. The President was Mr. John Paul Mawlong.
Speaking to media, Hek said the BJP and NPP have cooperated this time too on the orders of the BJP authorities in Delhi, but as a party in the state it will monitor to send an inquiry. “Everyone has seen the speech of the Union Home Minister Amit Shah at the Tura meeting, to accuse Meghalaya of being strong in corruption. The BJP is against corruption and will continue to fight to eradicate it”.
Police of Tura Police Station received information about the secrecy of the incident from one of the employees and some of the residents who witnessed the fire.
Suspect something is coming up.
The monument was inaugurated by the Rangbah Shnong of Mookhep, Denis Siangshai in the presence of the Secretary of Mookhep, Francis Dkhar, Sengbhalang leaders, relatives and residents of Wapungskur and others. .
“The income depends on the number of visitors to the museum,” said the director.
Kenedick S Marak, former EM of GHADC, Siju constituency9
The incident happened in 2022, but the complainant only found out on January 29 after her son told her what happened to him.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the KHADC has proposed to the Rynjah Dorbar Shnong since last year whether they are willing to take over the RR Colony under their supervision and management. but until now they have not received their answer.
Shillong, March 18 : The United Democratic Party (UDP), one of the oldest and strongest political parties in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills, has attracted many people to apply for MP and MDC tickets. This party has grown steadily in the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills especially if we look at the results of the last MLA election.
It is sad that if the peon can get money from the shops, but the teachers will not get it because the shopkeeper knows when the peon will get his salary to pay him but the teachers will not know that when they will get paid.
Shilling Roy Kharlukhi, one of the prominent football players of the state, has passed away today.
There were also reports that some Manipuris who had fled to Shillong had applied for permits from the village headmen to get recognition as citizens of Meghalaya.
He said that about T.15 crore has been allocated for the project to renovate and transform the market which was built by the ancients and the market of the indigenous people.
You have become those people who are wiser, brighter, farsighted, and speak like those people who have never wanted so much.
After that, all the officers and employees sang the patriotic song 'God save the Queen' and the employees were sent to bed.
Apandanka Marak took five wickets for 45 runs in 11 overs and Nagaland lost all the batsmen by scoring only 92 runs in the first innings. the second time.
At the closing ceremony, Samla Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, who was also the chief guest, along with other elders of the area, including the Sohpdok Village Leader and others.
What is this and who is involved in this secret work? The Chairman of MCCL is the MLA of Jowai.
The order was issued by the Governor of Meghalaya, appointing Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi, 1PS (RR 1991), Special Director General of Police (Training & Armed Police), Assam, Guwahati. of Police (Head of Police Force), Meghalaya, Shillong.
The meeting will be held after Wailad has had the opportunity to talk to six MLAs of Jaintia Hills including four Ministers of the government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma. as the Chief Minister.
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of the Ri-Bhoi Boxing Association and the Meghalaya Boxing Association said that this is a golden opportunity for the youth of the state to take part in this tournament. to fight against the rivals from other states.
“The mistake of one teacher will destroy the future.
for the hour is coming in which all who are in the tombs will hear his voice and come out; they that have done good, unto the resurrection of life; but they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation” (John 5:28, 29).
The two men were arrested from Bahraich in Nagar Kotwali area of ​​Barabanki district, said a statement issued by the STF. He was part of the team that conducted the search operation and visited the STF team in Lucknow to explain the presence of these suspects. They were arrested in connection with the seizure of 150 kilos of MDMA in Maharashtra, along with the suspicion that they were trying to flee to Nepal.
The two men were arrested from Bahraich in Nagar Kotwali area of ​​Barabanki district, said a statement issued by the STF. He was part of the team that conducted the search operation and visited the STF team in Lucknow to explain the presence of these suspects. They were arrested in connection with the seizure of 150 kilos of MDMA in Maharashtra, along with the suspicion that they were trying to flee to Nepal.
We still have only two children.
At the same time, the JSU strongly condemns the JHADC for not taking action on this river because the JHADC only knows how to auction this river every year while the JHADC doesn't know how to protect it. Hey.
During the campaign, there were several candidates, who posted their election tickets on the street corners, in the hope that the majority of the people would see their proposals.
The union has sent a letter to the Director of NEIGRIHMS to express its opposition to this. The last date is scheduled for the 28th of this month, which is three days.
Looking back on the times of British rule in India and these beloved countries of ours, we see how the struggle against the British powers was not united by the rulers of the various kingdoms. .
The world was quiet because everyone else had fallen asleep, even Rida's mother had fallen asleep.
"The NPP is a small party and has no part in the politics of India," Sarma said at a public meeting at Wangoi market in Manipur.
The SP said that during the investigation, the arrested persons confessed that they had collected the money in the name of a person whom they knew through Facebook.
Furthermore, the release of funds from the NDRF has increased from Rs 25,000 crore to Rs 77,000 crore.
However, it is surprising why the Excise Department under the leadership of Bah R.Marbaniang and Assistant Inspector of Excise Bah A.Mawrie wants to investigate only the 98 people who signed the complaint against Winestore and why they have to investigate. to bring along with the EPICs and to investigate one by one the full residents of Pommura.
According to the source, CCTV footage showed that the BJP leader was arrested by the police and forced to sit in a police vehicle.
After two years at Shillong Lajong, he left the club and joined Rangdajied. After a year, he joined Bengaluru FC. in the year
Other sources said that Shnongpdeng, Lymba, Kongwang and Darrang have been affected by the storm and heavy rainfall in the area this morning.
I have met many youths from different ethnic groups, including Khasi youths working abroad and from this I understand that the State is very poor.
Shillong, July 31 : The State Government has decided to review the Meghalaya Residents, Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill to ensure that it can keep pace with the laws of the Central Government regarding the struggle against the illegal entry of mynder into the state.
As part of the day, an information session on the theme “The Contribution of Soso Tham to the Khasi Nation” was held at the Hall of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat.
Shillong, March 17: A hijra man has been abducted from Guwahati for four days by detained inside a hotel in Guwahati and raped.
When we turned around, we saw that the public seats were filled from time to time by the participants of the program who sometimes sat down and sometimes left.
Jowai, Jymmang 28: Batskhem Pala (18 years old) also known as Fridi and Friday, has been arrested from Ladrymbai, Rymbai-road, Jowai. He was shot dead and robbed of T.4500/- by a sper truck driver at Moolamanoh, East Jaintia Hills.
Tomorrow the match will be between 7 Wasa Utd and Ladthadlaboh.
“The demand for my resignation is like saying that people who live in a house built of it and throw stones at another house,” he said.
“In the past years, we used to cultivate Krai well but because there is no buyer, even if we cultivate it, it remains the same.
He was also an MDC in JHADC. Later he joined the BJP and became the leader in charge of West Jaintia Hills District.
The group that falls under this list is the weavers who have established Self Help Groups with the aim of promoting the production of handicrafts.
About 100 VWSC leaders from different villages in Umroi area came to take part in the training on the objectives of JJM and the implementation of the JJM scheme in Meghalaya.
The villages of Koloriang, the capital of Arunachal Pradesh, have been able to take away from Mawsynram the reputation as the rainiest place in the world.
The Minister of Law and Justice, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on 7th November, condemned the incident of arson at Laitumkhrah Police Station, saying that this act which caused trouble is unacceptable and she denied that the incident was racially motivated.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 09: KSU Mawlongbah Unit and KSU Ranikor Circle have received awards to encourage the youth of the area in the field of sports and education. to hold the 1st May Knockout Futsal Tournament 2022 and the 1st May Award (MA) 2022 for students at Mawlongbah, South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that after the village empowered him as the new Sordar of the village, he took responsibility for the delay and to complete the construction.
In the last five years, the state has improved in many ways and it is hoped that the goal of becoming one of the Top 10 states will be achieved in the next five years.
The goal in the 14th minute made India play well and focus on the next quarters where they also managed to score the defense of the opponent in the first half. find ways and means to create your own PCs.
They will be taken to court under Laitumkhrah PS Case No. 150 (10) 22 U/S 324/34/341/353/505/506 IPC and Shillong Sadar PS Case No. S 120B/ 323 /34/ 341/ 353 /427/505/506 IPC R/w Sec.3 Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act.
This situation puts society, employment and governance at great risk.
Jowai, Lber 13: The Night Curfew imposed since the 2nd of this month in Sahsniang village, West Jaintia Hills District, has been lifted from now on. you night.
Speaking to reporters, MPCC President Pala said the Trinamool Congress's visit to the state is not the first time, but the second time. Sangma was a Trinamool MP and the current party is led by Dr. Mukul Sangma.
At the same time, the KSU said that this is the darkest day for the Jaitbynriew and as the KSU, we cannot forget the signs of the past.
Ialong Sec. School beat Jowai Govt.
The Minister was welcomed by the Deputy Commissioner of Police, Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhaya in the presence of the Superintendent of Police, Giri Prasad, Sanjeev Sharma, Deputy Director General of Child Development, Ri Bhoi. Dr. Gaurav Kumar Saini, Assistant Director General, Minister of State for Child Development and other government officials from the district.
They have the right to adequate health and medical care, the right to education and the best education for their children, the right to adequate housing and how ter ter.
The Minister said the government is trying to lift the ban on coal mining by the National Green Tribunal (NGT) in the state.
The Union said that the former MLA has been able to fulfill his promise during the elections, so the Union cannot fail to show respect, because it is the right of the former MLA to get even. when you lose.
The NEIPF was founded by Anup Chetia, former Secretary of the United Liberation Front of Assam (ULFA) in June 2017, after returning from arrest. The leader of the group was accompanied by senior leaders from Assam in the presence of FKJGP, RBYF, HNYF and others.
“The government needs to strengthen the Primary Health Centers (PHCs) with adequate staff,” he said.
Alexander L Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that they have already talked to the Army and the state government will not allow the Army personnel to come. but if they come, they must come 4 or 5 times.
Jowai, Naitung 18: The Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) on Tuesday with the assistance of the Dorbar Shnong Tpep Pale, Jowai arrested three persons suspected of drug trafficking. you are from Jowai.
He spoke about the heroes like Tilka Manjhi, Sidhu Kanhu, Chand Bhairav, Phulo Jhano, Nilambar, Pitambar, Jatra Tana Bhagat and Albert Ekka who brought glory to this place.
The KSU demands the immediate release of the prisoners and warns that if the government does not release them, the government will have to take responsibility.
The High Court of Meghalaya has issued directives to the state government to enact a law on Rangbah Shnongs.
ai, as a global leader in intent-driven customer solutions and contact center services, on 25th July 2023 launched three different Community Development Programs (Project Udaan, Project Nirmalya and Women). empowerment), as part of the continuous transformation in the development of Meghalaya.
Such vehicles have been designed to be able to respond to crimes committed in the past 7 years, which stand as witnesses to the Directorate and which have worked with the help of forensic support.
In Meghalaya, there are many factories producing tobacco.
According to the stories of Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh and Babu Albert Lyngwa, and others, they say that the Garo (Diko) came here to the hills after hundreds of years. The Khasi (Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngngam) came.
On the other hand, the President of the KSU Seng Kmie, Samla Danial Khyriem, in his speech, said that the KSU SWKHD and the people of this area are not alone in this struggle. this opposition to mining in this area.
The Navajos of the United States will demonstrate skills in livestock husbandry and butchering skills with various cutting methods.
The incident came to light in the past few days after the girl tried to commit suicide by drinking phenyl.
Therefore, he appealed to the youth that if they want to get assistance and training opportunities they should not hesitate but should come forward and take advantage of what he has done as an MLA. brought today.
On Tuesday night, two drug dealers were arrested by the police and heroin was seized from their bodies.
After the arrest of Deimon and Waimin, police have revealed the names of others during the investigation and police have arrested two others this morning and two others are still on the run. laugh.
The leaders of the Seng Khasi Tyrsad Circle in a statement sent, expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong, for donating food items to the district. of the Khasi Seng.
Laitkor, Jymmang 7: The Laitkor Dorbar Pyllun held today at Laitkor to protest against the MUDA's border crossing into the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council. Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit MLA and Hispreachingson Shylla MDC of Nongkrem Constituency. Nongkrem MLA Bah Ardent will speak followed by MDC Bah Shylla and finally the CEM of KHADC will conclude the meeting. u bah Pynshngaiñ N King.
Of these, 111 cases are from East Khasi Hills and these include 62 cases from abroad, 15 cases from high risk contacts, 3 cases from Mawlai, 12 cases from ILI, 1 case from police and 6 cases from screening. others.
The complaint was sent to the Range Forest Officer, Apha and Officer Incharge of Umkiang Police Patrolling Post.
In Meghalaya too, we have experienced such conflicts in the past years but now, the situation has improved and there is stable peace.
He said that his statement was a personal opinion and it is not true that the Congress party has decided that Bah Pala will be the Chief Minister of the state if the Congress comes to power.
Asansol is currently led by another prominent leader, Shatrughan Sinha of the Trinamool Congress.
Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga on Friday sent a letter to Manipur Chief Minister N Biren Singh to request him to take special measures to to prevent and stop the violence that has happened across the state and also to maintain peace and order in Manipur.
The village authorities have urged all truck owners and drivers to cooperate to avoid any problems.
“The Commission should visit the villages, meet with the Rangbah Shnongs, Secretary Shnongs, Syiems, Dolloi and the people before taking any decision.
Nonglait, who also contested for MDC from the HSPDP in Mawthadraishan, was defeated by the UDP candidate. part of the needs of the nation to demand protections from predatory forces.
The Seng Khasi Kmie invites all the dancers of the Khasi religion to come and take part in this Shad Suk Mynsiem 2019 in their full costumes.
Here are some suggestions on how to speak without offending others and to avoid bad speech: Not yet.
Three other shops of foreigners have been issued a notice to provide documents, otherwise they will be allowed to work in the KHADC. AUNT).
However, they urged the two Chief Ministers to direct the Chairman of the Regional Committees to arrange the time to inspect the areas in the Langpih sector. so that the villagers can explain to the people what they should do.
Most of the employees of these factories are foreigners and their office is located in Guwahati, not in Jaintia Hills.
“After the traffic police came and took me to Sadar Police Station, some passengers who wanted to get off nearby got off at the same place while those from Mawkynrang were inside the vehicle and were taken away. “I took them to the police station in my car which they sent to me, but when they reached the police station they left. I feel sorry for them and I don't know if they still have a car,” he said.
The six athletes of the 18th National Inter District Junior Athletics Meet (NIDJAM) are Dayoophika Rymbai U-16, 1600 metres, Wailuti Lyngdoh U- 16, Shot Put, Damang i Lyngdoh U-16, 160 metres, Ram Shylla U-16, 1600 metres, Shot Put U-16, 80 metres, and Pleasantly Synnah (Coach and Manager).
“Before going back to the election, Bah Samlin has completed and cleaned up, and the figures have been handed over to the people,” said the NPP candidate. U Bah Samlin said that there is no problem as long as the people love him, but he will win a glorious victory.
You can include about 10 gms of unsweetened seeds in your diet. These include soh khyllam and walnut and tyrkhong grapes among others.
“The BJP leaders in the state and in the Central Government should stop their tendency to make false promises and should be strong in their speeches to the people, instead of Shillong: After the children became ill, Joplyn S.Shylla said that the BJP has been carrying them to the moon without preparing a rocket to carry them to see the moon. icecream vendors on the streets and to ensure that the spread of Covid-19 through icecream, on Monday, the 2nd of this month, The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, has sent Food and Safety Officers to collect samples from ice cream vendors in Ladrymbai and Khliehriat areas. The ice cream vendors have also been ordered not to sell ice cream until they have received a report to confirm that these ice creams are free from Covid-1
In this short article, as Christians of the country and the nation, let us pray that there will be righteous leaders free from corruption.
The CCEA has approved the continuation of the Urea Subsidy scheme to ensure that farmers receive urea at the price of T 242/ 45 kg per borni including taxes and fees.
Ram Gurung (3/16) and Vicky Kumar (3/22) took three wickets each.
The Minister said this on the suggestion of the Congress Party to conduct a thorough investigation into the illegal entry of foreigners into Meghalaya after strong opposition from the many churches on the Government's proposal to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District.
The question now arises, how have we been brought together in a country that has nothing to do with us? Is the fund from Delhi, which is the capital, the reason why we should live in a house where we feel like ourselves? Or are there unfounded reasons for someone else's gain? Let us think and ask carefully about these things, or let us go around India to search and find out whether they are the truths I have mentioned.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, GHP Raju, today said that Meghalaya consumes about 18,000 metric tonnes of pork meat per annum. Companies have been invited to invest in the pig farming industry.
We have a beautiful and pleasant nature, we have rivers, valleys, hills and valleys, rivers and valleys, creeks and streams, hot springs, beautiful and clean villages, bridges and beautiful engineered bridges, churches, beautiful forests and so on throughout the state.
On this occasion, the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah Frederick Kharkongor, said that on the reports that one of the MLAs on the border has threatened not to vote at the six polling stations. , the working group took the initiative to discuss this issue and through the cooperation of Assam, it was seen that the polling was smooth and smooth without any interruption.
"What is this? Why didn't you meet face to face? “It's God's plan, if there's no change,” said Banrilang in her bedroom.
“I advise the legislators to follow the laws they have passed themselves, so that there will be no accusations,” said Bah Kynta.
Snehal Kauthankar scored 179 runs and Sumiran Amonkar 129 runs to help Goa score 463 runs and beat Meghalaya by 260 runs.
Due to the shortage of employees in government offices, various government departments have issued a warning to their employees not to miss work on the days of office closure and at the same time. There was also a warning from the Sengbhalang that it will not take any responsibility for the government employees who went to work on the day the Sengbhalang called for an office blockade.
“Despite the lack of access to shooting ranges and the lack of competition class weapons which are necessary in preparing the shooters of the state for many shooting competitions, the Shooting Association of Meghalaya have won and brought medals and honor to Meghalaya.
Police said they had received a phone conversation in which Gogoi had spoken to a man in Karbi Anglong to discuss the plan to shoot Sarma.
But it doesn't matter if we do anything if we do it in righteousness and truth.
It is learned that these cases were through the infection of 12 BSF personnel who contracted the disease from the hut, where they lived with other soldiers, said U U. Ratan Lal Nath, Education Minister of Tripura government and all of them are from the BSF camp at Ambassa.
It is alleged that at the time of the incident, Kuldeep also called the Punjabis who live in Iewmawlong area which led to the incident.
Out of the 21 Karate players leading under the banner of the Meghalaya State Karate-Do Federation, 10 won medals including one gold, two silver and nine bronze.
Kooch, Dapmian Dkhar, J. Tariang, Francis Lyngkhoi, Salim Miah, Manju Alam Sheikh, Aditya Hajong, Roshni Hajong, Takir Sheikh and seven others.
According to information, the new machines introduced at the factory can produce 600 metric tonnes per day but due to lack of equipment, it has not been able to produce as it should.
Drinking bowls, a plate of food and utensils for food were already provided.
Speaking to media, Kong Purity said that her resignation is because she does not want the election of leaders to be distributors but legislators.
Speeches were also delivered by the President of the KSU, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar and the President of the Naga Students' Union, Shillong.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
England have won the Cricket World Cup in the same country today.
Even after this incident, once again for the second time, clashes broke out between supporters of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and the National People's Party on the night of the 15th of this month in Phulbari Constituency.
Nongdawah CC managed to score 79 runs in 11 overs for the loss of 3 wickets.
At present, the BJYM has expanded its roots, in which it has got the party office bearers to work hard for the youth and to bring about development works in many areas. The BJP has strengthened the youth of the district and besides these office bearers, it has attracted many youth who have joined the party to develop the party. development works to the people in the district and the state as a whole.
There are 18 groups including 8 from Shillong.
After three days of internet shutdown in Pakistan, the Pakistan Telecommunications Authority (PTA) on Tuesday announced that the internet has been reopened across the country.
The Cabinet meeting today approved to pass the Meghalaya Regulation of Arrow Shooting and Sale of Tear Tickets Ordinance,
He said that the Department of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare through the Fruit Development Scheme has allocated Rs 6 crore 27 lakh to distribute seeds as assistance to the affected farmers for the year 2022-2
According to police, the incident happened at 1.45 pm when the player was driving a Maruti Swift Desire from Guwahati, which was coming from Chennai and leaving Guwahati Airport for Shillong. The 83rd Senior National Table Tennis Championship will be held in Shillong.
In connection with the heavy rainfall, there has been an incident where the water has swept away the foundations of a building in Phod Mawpon, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District. to beautify the river and also to preserve the dohum dohwah.
The Assistant Director of Differently Abled and Elderly Welfare Department in the district, Y. Srinivas, said that there is no plan to curb drugs in the district according to the order. of state and local government.
Shillong, November 14: The Chancellor of William Carey University (WCU) Dr Ken Gnana Kan has admitted that the incident at CMJ University has shocked other authorities of the university in the state.
It is such people's leaders who are called wise and intelligent leaders or those who are called in foreign languages ​​'Statemanship of Representatives'
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Four Congress candidates in East Khasi Hills, who are still new faces to contest the Legislative Assembly elections to be held on 27th June, 2023, have been nominated. Registration on 3rd June, 2023 at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohling, today said that the Sub-Committee will send its report on the Them Motor to the High Level Committee (HLC). Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister, said that the meeting was attended by Prestone Tynsong.
He was also a player of the Shillong Sports Association in the Senior Inter District Football Tournament organized by the Meghalaya Football Association in 1997 where he won the title under the leadership of Bah Fullmoon as captain.
However, in this incident, the house was surrounded by the police, according to the report,” he said.
The protesters, who covered their heads with BJP uniforms, also shouted “Khrai ia mi Muslim” and praised the BJP. They shouted in Tulu, which is the language they speak well on the coast of the country. They shouted in Tulu. of Karnataka.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Mawkyrwat Division Water Supply Department has lodged a complaint with the Borsora Police Station that the PHE water tanks in Chimasora village have been lost.
The union has already said that if the complaint had not been rejected by MUDA and that Bah Banbuhai Makdoh as the leader of the union would have been arrested by the police, the union would have been arrested. The party will not immediately call for a strike which will be announced the next day.
A meeting was held at the Police Reserve Conference Hall between the Police, Rangbah Shnongs and senior members of Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Jaiaw Shyiap, Jaiaw Mihngi and Mawlai Phudmuri on the crime committed in Lawmali. This is a matter that should be addressed for the residents of Lawmali.
He said that even in this state which is a tribal area protected by the 6th Schedule, the government cannot implement Aadhaar without following the principles of FPIC. “We are protected by the 6th Schedule but the government does not stand on the basis of FPIC,” he said.
The Secretary of the Village Employment Council of Pdengshakap village has admitted that he has misused the 100 days bill under the MGNREGS scheme. .
Shillong, July 20: Mawlai MDC Bah Process T Sawkmie has promised to the officials of Mwaroh Village to improve the road which has caused many problems to the village.
Boult is expected to resume working with Test captain Tim Southee in the 50-over World Cup to be held in India from April 2023.
This is also a festival of Karbi youth in Meghalaya and the aim is to bring together Karbi youth to have the responsibility to work for the welfare of the Karbi people and also to follow The steps taken by the ancestors to preserve the customs and traditions of the Karbi people.
This is the second time Ronaldo has done the same since June last year when he showed the same sign against Al Hilal, where Al Nassr won 2-0 0 col.
Youth FC reached the semi by beating Kynshi FC 3-1 on penalty shoot out, after the match ended 0-0 in extra time.
“This is a long-standing issue, but this year it has improved a little because there was no electricity shortage in June, Lber.
They were also urged to look into the past and take appropriate measures,” Goyal said.
“This MRI at Nazareth Hospital will benefit a lot of people especially those who come from the rural areas, so I am pleased to announce another donation of 25 lakh tyngka so that the residents of our state can get them. full benefits without having to travel around for an MRI anymore.".
The project was scheduled to be completed in June 2013 but was rescheduled for November 2013 and postponed to October
Guwahati, Naiwieng 28: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) Dr Tuliram Ronghang on Tuesday declared the forest guard Bidyasing Lekthe as a Karbi Hero. A man has committed suicide by police and forest guards at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District on the morning of the 22nd of this month.
Shillong: An ambulance carrying a mother who wanted to give birth to her child has been stopped for hours on the road in West Khasi Hills due to lack of permission. I don't know the way.
However, there is a need for help for people to get rid of this disease, there are people who used to admit that they have problems but now people have known that there is AA which helps to get rid of drugs,” they said.
According to the residents of the area, the vehicle hit the woman from the gate of the Additional Secretariat and she could not control herself and went up the road. walk near the IGP point.
He also gave a special blessing as responsible citizens of the state and the country.
The village authorities of Hero Khurd, Kulrian and Bhawa have already decided to ban the entry of any politicians.
I will explain why I am so angry.
Speaking to Rupang, the General Secretary of the Mawkyrwat Block Congress Committee, Bah Remdor, said that Bah Rowell has also sent a message to his supporters not to lose hope. “Don't lose hope, I will not rest, I will fight in 2018,” said Bah Remdor.
“It is true that they have defeated me but from the first day I know that the people are not stupid and my victory again this time is because they have the strongest weapons of I'm a strong voter," he said.
We wrote many letters to Delhi and abroad but we didn't get an answer.
All those involved in the tourism industry and their services will be assisted through a Job Card registered with the Government where a monthly honorarium of T.2,500 will be paid,” the TMC promised. Manifesto.
All these songs are about the situation in Ri Lum Garo. The party said that it will soon release the videos of these songs to raise funds for the party.
Like government employees, these employees have the right to request an account of how the monthly pay particulars are compiled.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) NEHU Unit on 19th October 2020 under the leadership of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) NEHU Unit on 19th October Pynshai Kupar Dkhar, President, General Secretary and Education Secretary, Brandon Shangpliang, has submitted a petition to Professor SK Srivastava, Vice Chancellor of NEHU. The Vice Chancellor demanded to change the names of the halls of the school to honor the great men of the nation.
From this parable we understand that the bridegroom is Jesus Christ, the bride is the church, the virgins are Christians, the lamp is the word of God, the oil is the Holy Spirit, the a wedding feast means the second coming of Jesus and the house of the bridegroom means heaven.
The BJP is expected to win 283 MP seats on its own this time, while the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) will win 283 MP seats on its own. NDA), it is expected that the number will reach about
The entry fee for the single will be Rs.100/- each, the double will be Rs.200/- per team and the prize money for the winner will be Rs.20000/-, the runner up will be Rs. /-, while the single winner will receive Rs.10000/- and the runner up Rs.5000/-.
Shillong, July 24: Although the Chief Minister has said from time to time that the state government has sent an inquiry into the involvement of politicians and NGOs, the Director General of Police (DSP) has said that (DGP) Peter James Pyngrope Hanaman said the government has not directed the police department to conduct an investigation into the allegations of involvement of politicians and insurgents.
Shillong: The Leader of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, MDC of Sohra and former CEM, while participating in the general discussion on the budget presented by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, On the opening day of the Budget Session, he said that the desire of a Garo group to recognize the Garo Rangbah Shnongs of 54 villages in Ri Bhoi District is a threat to the Khasi constitution.
The trophy will also be delivered to Shillong, Aizawl and Kokrajhar.
Even though the Government has appointed an inquiry and the report has been submitted to the Government, the Government has not made the report public,” said Dr. Sangma, who is also the Trinamool Congress Leader. .
New Delhi: Several BJP ministers in Delhi have resigned today, including Health Minister Harsh Vardhan, Education Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank and Education Minister Santosh Gangwar. Minister of Labour.
Publicity Secretary – Rosswell Lamurong 6.
The charge under Section 34 IPC is that they acted disobediently as a group for the same purpose.
The program was held at Patharkhmah Dorbar Hall, Jirang Constituency.
True, man needs money as a means of providing for his needs, but this does not mean that he should wait to get something, to enjoy himself, or to eat what is not right, without work. I'm going to umsyep.
England cricket bowler Stuart Broad has been promoted after taking six wickets in a good match. In a Test against Ireland, he has now reached the top 10 of the new Test rankings according to a statement issued by the International Cricket Council.
“We don't have any information, according to the guards at the Secretariat, they came one by one and hid their cards, but the guards were surprised to see that when they arrived, many of them The Secretariat has confiscated their cards,” said the SP.
The teachers also demanded the establishment of a Technical, Medical and Vocational Institute in the state to open up opportunities for the youth in the area to be trained in relevant departments.
WKH managed to score only 140 runs and all the batsmen were bowled out.
The meeting also discussed the ways in which refugees can lodge complaints including through the special complaint hotlines of the government and the CyberPeace WhatsApp helpline number.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said that Bah Tynsong will urgently convene a High Level Meeting on Friday to discuss the peace and order situation in Shillong.
In his speech, Prabhudutta Sahoo, General Manager, NABARD, Shillong, expressed his pleasure to be present at the opening of this market which will be a golden opportunity especially for those who produce goods. agriculture, handicrafts and others where they can bring and sell their products and improve and beautify their products for marketing.
Conrad said that he used to talk to a few of his fellow members and that he did not have answers to any questions that he put before the House. U Bah Sun, has a strong opinion, because he doesn't collect the facts before he goes to the House.
When you cut it, you should cut it with a shaku, about 10 inches and a half.
According to media reports from Assam, Balwant Soni is a coal trader who was arrested by the Assam Police in the past few months on a complaint filed by the Revenue Department for cheating. It doesn't pay taxes worth about T.40 crore.
“The NCC was established on 16th June, 1948, through an Act of Parliament and was inaugurated on 15th July
Replying to Shillong and Tura, the BJP leader expressed the hope that the contest in these two constituencies will also have hope.
“If the third phase of the children comes like we have now, this disease will not only affect the children but will affect everyone. they shall take care of themselves.
“And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the devil and Satan, and bound him a thousand years, and cast him into the bottomless pit, and laid him in a bottomless pit” (Revelation 20). :1-2.
The decision of the Cabinet to extend the deadline comes after the delay in completing the division of the new constituencies of KHADC and JHADCA. The MDC elections in KHADC and JHADC will be held in new constituencies.
The struggle to pass a law to protect the slaughter of cows in Assam is an attempt to convince the public not only of the trade or smuggling, but will also serve as an example to try to understand this introduction. Whether their Indic project will work in these North Eastern States.
The Lum Jingthang Committee has decided to suspend the cleanliness drive for the sake of the country as a whole and will inform until further notice.
LP School is located in Demdema C&RD Block.
The union demands that the government should punish the officials of UCIL and AMD, because the discovery of this song from Manipur with the shap of Shillong shows that they do not respect the decisions of the state government and The Executive Committee of the District Council in 2017 has decided that uranium related activities should not be done without the knowledge of the KHADC. to express that they are against uranium not only in the state, but also to take to the CM to declare that the uranium mine has been permanently removed from the state.
The Vice President of KJBWA, Bah Generous Warlarpih, said, “We have decided to revive the cow market at Rongkon, Byrnihat after conducting an inspection at the place. Heads of the District Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department and the Police Department were present on the occasion after receiving the authority from the Deputy Commissioner, Nongpoh.
Even the Prime Minister, Zoramthanga, was defeated this time.
The budget was approved in the second session in the afternoon, where the opposition MDCs, after failing to agree to the extension of the session, withdrew all the cut motions.
The distance can be about 2 feet or 2 feet and a half from one kynphad plant to another.
Speeches were also delivered by Sakilan Chyrmang, Diamon Bareh, Allmiki Ryngkhlem and Mebanteilang Sukhalin. The President of the Circle, Sambormi Lyngdoh, also honored the leaders of the Circle.
He said that if anyone is found violating these directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, they will be punished according to the rules and regulations.
In its order issued on the PIL heard on 14th October, the Full Bench said, “We feel that all the coal that has been mined and collected around the area should have been transported to the a place to gather for sale.
On the other hand, CEM Bah Pynshngain has invited only the villagers of Umran without inviting the JAC leaders to talk to him.
He is very close to Shah Rukh Khan.
The selected candidates will start the training from 12-2-2024 at the Community Hall of Sohkha Mission, Amlarem C&RD Block.
The group will find ways and means to boost the economy in the area by encouraging the youth to work without any sense of responsibility.
The nation should have lamented over the decline of the society, just because of shortsightedness by the leaders, instead of acting as law makers to bring welfare in relation to the special “The country and the nation, but it has been brought about by these things that are against the society,” said Bah Ardent Basawiamoit.
Sohphlang is planted in October and it takes up to 7 months for the sohphlang to ripen until April.
Teilinia Thangkhiew, former Chairperson, said that when there is no Chairman and Dy.Chairman, everything depends on the Governor. , but from time to time the work of the House shall be supervised by the Secretary of the Legislative.
Therefore , the government should bring the same development projects in all the areas , the rural areas of the state to avoid the overcrowding and overcrowding in Shillong and other places longer urban.
Answering a question why the members of the Governing Body did not find anyone to stand on his side, Dr DM Thapa said that he did not know what they were talking about within the Governing Body. because he was not allowed to be present at the meeting and was not given an opportunity to explain.
The one-day Health Mela will feature various stalls including a place where various doctor specialists will treat and provide medicines for poor women, children, mentally ill, mentally ill. head, ear and throat, disabled, vaccination centre, screening centers for NCDs, TB, diabetes, BP and so on.
Prestone Tynsong, President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that he has no knowledge of any pressure from the party leaders to give the MP ticket to the former MLA. Bah Dasakhiat Lamare will contest from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
He said that he will return to Mukroh on Tuesday to hand over the check to a family who have not yet received the check from the Prime Minister as his body has been taken to Sanaro village for burial. and he that remained in that city.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, had promised to go to the court to demand action against the UDP and NPP on their allegations that he was involved with the insurgents.
If they have not really brought Amit Shah to Shillong as they have tried to do, it shows that the MDA government is small and burnt and destroyed.
So far, 895 children have been sent to school by the ICCW and out of these 634 are males and 261 are females. Their schooling started in
In Dkhar or in other states in India, the government owns the land to raise money.
Regarding the decision of the Dorbar Shnong, Bah Nopin, surrendered himself to the decision of the Dorbar in which he ate eight people.
“We request the authorities to try to appoint a doctor as soon as possible so that it will not affect the people of the area especially the poor,” said the President of the KSU. Border Area Unit and Youth Renovation.
On the other hand, Losmander said that through the participation of them and their supporters, Medalsing will win the MLA election
The incident happened at about 2 pm this morning, when there was a heavy rain and an electrical sign was cut off on the road and the man was riding a motorcycle. He struck the sign without seeing and was shocked by the electricity until he lost his life.
Pondicherry, in 11.4 overs, lost three wickets for the loss of three wickets while Lokesh Turaha took two wickets. John Mylliemngap took one wicket for 14 runs.
Speaking on the post of Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Dr Kharlukhi said, “We have met and written even to the Minister in charge but only for this small post, no one has listened to us.
Police of the Special Task Force (STF), who are on the Presidential Road, have found the crematorium, which is located on the roof of the President's residence.
Violation of the above regulation under section 59(iii) of the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 shall be punishable with imprisonment for up to 6 years and a fine of Rs 5 lakh. amount.
Speaking on technology in defence, Prime Minister Duh said India’s approach for ‘soft prices’ for ‘quality products’ would be very fruitful.
He said that the union has requested the CEO to respond to the letter on the steps to be taken so that they can go to the right authorities and he has assured them that he will respond soon.
At this meeting, it was decided to donate 10 percent of their salary to the Chief Minister Relief Fund as part of their physical and spiritual contribution in the fight against Corona Virus.
Police shot and killed him at a store in Dayton, where police say the suspect used high-powered weapons around 1 a.m. Saturday.
From this temple in Jerusalem Satan will rule the whole world for the second 3 and a half years of the Last Day or 7 years.
The father of the child, Vincent S Sangma, alias Benson, 36, allegedly raped the child on Tuesday night.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Donald Thabah expressed his regret that even after the 50th anniversary of the independence of the state, there are still many indigenous people who have not been able to achieve their goals. poverty, lack of employment opportunities and decline in income.
What is surprising and shocking is that those who still believe in their traditional Khasi religion, do not know the thymmei and the tynneng to give to the husband.
Das is one of those involved in the theft in Assam.
When the State Reservation Policy (SRP) allows the application of posts other than those of other ethnic groups, if there are no sufficient applicants from any of the reserved classes in any year, Within one year, the RosterSystem allows those who have not been able to fill up without limit.
Shillong, July 04 : The President of the A'chik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM) Prince Ch Momin has written to the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma to remind him of the demand to make Tura the capital of Meghalaya.
The group congratulates James Pariat, Dominic (Green Cafe), Hector Marwein, Kiki Garod, DJ Wanshan, Melambha Pyngrope, Genevieve Nongrum and family. , Erica Kharmalki, Mary Joan Nongrum, Armstrong Shadap and Daiaki Shadap.
Besides, she said that the Committee wants the District authorities to take action to conduct public awareness campaigns to the residents to refrain as much as possible from violence against women and children.
The number of cases of Covid-19 in the state has risen to 29 so far.
“This shows that the government cannot grant UC and not that it is delaying,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Nongstoiñ: Traders of West Khasi Hills District can buy food and beverages from Shillong Market on the 9th and 12th of this month from 9 am to 5 pm.
:The Khasi song, entitled “I'll Choose the Village”, is composed, written and edited by Elvest Thabah.
Shillong: Nongtyngur Tiger beat Dawki Ametuer Club in the 4th Under-14 Invitation Football Tournament organized by Bakur Social Welfare Sport Club at Bakur Stadium.
“I understand that if I study medicine I will pass, but even if I pass I will be the best doctor and I am afraid that I will forget the kanshi and thyrnia inside the stomach of people if I pass puid. to the sick".
It has mechanisms that measure the temperature inside the room, and a mechanism to purify the air inside.
It's expected to be a great tournament because the kids have stepped up in the game," Fernandes said.
A 29-year-old man from Shillong has committed suicide in Kolkata on Tuesday.
In the past 4/5 days, 615 people have been arrested for violating the Inner Line Permit Act.
Shillong:"In my political activities, for my day comes after I resigned from the Congress party, both as an executive member of the MPYC and as an executive member of the MPYC. “I am the primary member of the Congress party,” said Vincent T Sangma in a statement.
Those who have diabetes, whether they have headaches, should take good care of themselves.
“We were all in the midst of shock.
Therefore, besides the fact that the state is already in the fourth position in terms of the number of cases of 'Ñiangkulia' and the first in terms of the number of cases of 'Mynriañ', it is time for the government to take action. measures for the prevention, so that the people in the state can be free from these diseases, which also bring great shame to the state as a whole.
If it cannot be completed this year, it will be postponed, because next year the MP elections will be held and from November onwards, government officials from Assam and Meghalaya will not have time to talk. or think about the border issues because they are very important in the election campaign.
The Judicial Commission set up by the two state governments to investigate the incident has been dissolved immediately after the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya Conrad K. Sangma. Meet to discuss the boundary settlement in Khanapara.
Speaking to reporters after the EC meeting, Chief Executive Member Titos Chyne said that one of the findings of the CAG Report for the years 2011-2012 and 2012-2 Many MDCs do not submit their Utilization Certificates when using the Discretionary Grant and for this reason the CAG office cannot count or audit the Council.
Last month, the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, announced that the Prime Minister will visit Assam again in October after being invited for the opening ceremony of the The statue of Lachit Borphukan is about 125 feet tall in Jorhat.
The union urges and requests the relevant authorities, especially the social welfare department to look after the welfare of these children,” said E.Ryntong Secretary Maweit Circle.
To accept admission from 3 to 5 percent.
This shows the true nature of the priest or religious leader.
Therefore, it is not appropriate to count anyone as troin during the elections because there are those who win slightly during the counting of votes.
On the other hand, the BJP has already said that it has held talks with the AITC MLA from Mawsynram, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang who has expressed his desire to contest the elections on the BJP ticket in 2023.
It is surprising that in this incident no one survived, not even one of those who went with him.
The accident occurred after the scooty overturned from side to side of the road and collided with the truck.
These ambulances are in Shillong, said the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek.
“Because the investigation is ongoing and the facts have become public, there is no need for an independent investigation because the police do this after receiving detailed and accurate information. “They have also led witnesses from outside to testify that there will be no excessive action on the part of the police,” said the Minister.
He said that two wheelers passing on the Mawlai road, have collapsed and collapsed, due to the shyiap of the road and this condition of the road in Mawlai has put a lot of danger especially to the arshaka and as well as the passengers.
Pynshngain said that Hima, who contested the MLA election from Mawsynram in 2018, said, “As a director at that time, you remember well, he was Director. In Social Welfare, he is a politician as the Director, for that reason, I have formed the PDF party, I have not joined yet, but I have already led the PDF party”.
However, have you ever asked where these people get the money to buy these goods to help the poor? Do they contribute with their own money or do they just go and ask for money? What is their source of income? One day a farmer asked me, 'Where do you work now?' he said, 'O shato! Do you remember that the storm came to that town? I'm from Marwari, I'm going to send you a truck.
The General Secretary is in another Christian church, and the Treasurer is in another church.
His father, Dr. Kharnary, said that he had sent his son to Bangalore. “But he called me, he said Pa I don't want to go to school – I went DJ, I don't know how to do it, I just encouraged him – I said go Chess son,” said Dr. Kharnary.
“BJP spokesperson and former IPS Chief Bah M Kharkrang in his speech said that the party expresses its deep surprise at the sudden decision of the HNLC to withdraw from the party. themselves out of peace talks with the government.
The Behdeiñkhlam of Seiñraij Ialong has come to an end on Sunday in compliance with the government's directives to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The body was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for investigation.
Nongstoiñ: The DC incharge of WKH, PD Sangma, today met with the DC incharge of WKH, PD Sangma to request him to allow all public transport vehicles to pass. go and remove Odd and Even Numbers.
In conclusion, he urged us to use these two words in our lives, 'Map bad Khublei', because without these words where else can we use them especially when we are wrong and as well as during the greetings, said Dhar.
Request to the public as well as men and women to come forward to donate blood on this day at the Blood Bank at the former Jowai Civil Hospital (Pan Aliar) from at 11 o'clock in the morning.
That struggle is still going on while the Garo are still struggling in these few years after the Khasi language has been destroyed.
Kamnipaia Challam, Art of Living Instructor, speaking before the start of Yoga, encouraged the participants to be patient because after the ability to do Yoga properly, the signs will appear. of the blessings and benefits especially in relation to the health, physical, mental and social which are part of the tools in the longrynieng ryniot of human beings and the methods of Yoga that have been adopted in this regard. The day consists of Surya Namaskar, Asana, Breathing Pranayam, Meditation and concludes with Universal Prayer.
When asked whether the government will talk about the release of the UCC, Ampareen said it is not right to talk about it without a clear understanding on the issue.
The statements sent by these Chief Ministers to the residents, expressed their gratitude for the contribution of Myllung Soso Tham to the field of literature and especially in the field of poetry.
The Bhartiya Nyaya Sanhita Railway Act aims to repeal 22 sections of the Indian Penal Code, amend 175 sections and introduce eight new sections.
When asked about his preparation for the examination, he said that he did not have any problems while studying.
The Wangala Dance is also known as the 100 Song Dance.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plan to lockdown the country to fight the #coronavirus and the curfew called by the state government has thwarted the curfew.
Furthermore, the Seng said that these suppliers who are the villagers have said that they have not received even the payment for the delivery of food for the last MLA elections.
A special question raised by Moonlight Pariat was on the construction of Iawmusiang which has been delayed for decades and which has been funded by DoNER at a cost of more than Rs 20 crore.
In Punjab, there are 117 members of the state assembly and the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has the lead in 88 constituencies.
This is also true in that we can all witness that on the Lord's Day all the villages and townships are closed and many markets are closed on this day. They are Christians, but when the people do not come because it is their day of worship, then only a few open shops and sell, not as usual.
The union urged the minister to take action to improve the building of the college and to introduce the Science and Arts Stream at Sohra College.
At the same time, the VPP leader appealed to the people who will attend this day to be responsible and law abiding people so that it will not happen. mih canoe canoe confusion.
The arrested man was identified as Pramod Chettri of Nongmynsong, East Khasi Hills.
“I have the intention to join the VPP, but to contest the MDC election is up to the party because now we will strengthen the VPP because we need a party that works for the people. nation.
The election campaign for the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate from Mawphlang constituency, Bah Beyond Matthew Kurbah at Nongspung village on 18th June has turned into a platform to showcase the views of the facts. The incumbent MLA of Mawphlang, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, on the great works that his father has done as a leader and also as a representative for the constituency and the State.
The author believes that as a poet he is a spectator who asks questions and through this collection of poems, he asks questions to thinkers, to humanity, to the world and to nature itself. Many people think that it has been stable or sufficient, it has been felt right and so on with the intention not to destroy the structure but to repair it and improve it even though there are obstacles that will lead directly to the structure. and have to accept them as such.
However, those who were seriously injured were taken to Shillong.
“The Congress does not want to make false promises but to work hard for the welfare of the people,” said Mathew Anthony, AICC incharge Education.
Geralyn Amy Yeh, from Malaysia, received a short message from her neighbors that her five-month-old daughter was crying excessively.
At the same time, the patriotic spirit of the Khasi people must burn away the spirit, must avoid the creation of the Baluilui.
The mother was rushed to the nearest PHC, but due to lack of anti-snake venom (ASV) medicine, the child was taken to the hospital. I'm from Shillong.
Before these Sangh Parivar parties are destroyed, let us think carefully, lest we be late.
The Government, after approving the Judicial Inquiry, should have temporarily suspended all the Heads of Police of the Joint Police Operation Team including those involved in the search and shooting. Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, but the surprising thing is that no announcement has been made by the Prime Minister.
Shillong: Three persons on a scooty number ML05- were arrested at Mawkynroh Umshing this morning at around 9:40 pm. P-2289; but when they came to the forest of Sanker, they were beaten by some men whom they did not know.
The final match between Ratacherra and Lumshnong will be played on Saturday at 12:45 PM at Umkiang.
Roykupar said that when the union arrived at the venue, it saw that the conductors of the examination at 3 pm were still looking for questions. and until 5 pm, these students who should have written the examination at 3 pm have not been able to write their examination.
It may be recalled that the SSA was unable to hold the SPL last year due to the lack of a stadium as the First Ground is still between the cleaning of plastic and the MFA Stadium ( Third Ground) is no longer suitable for playing especially during the rainy season as the water has flooded the ground.
Design: means 'puidkhmat- puid is the one that appears through the print, the face is the one that appears where you can't see it first.
However, most of those who drive commercial vehicles are educated,” he said.
Earlier, Opposition Leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh had requested the Minister in charge of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, AL Hek to talk to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the introduction of He is also a former BJP leader from Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh today urged the ASHA workers not to strike as the state government has taken action to implement the two demands. their.
“It's true that Bah LetShibun has spoken against the house of Bah Shanbor and Kong Lumspah.
However, Bah Kyrmen Shylla said that both the households have already received T.1.35 lakh each household according to the rules of the SDRF and it has been sent through the Public Financial Management System (PFMS).
The ceremony was attended by the Chief of the Hima Khyrim, Paiem Habapan Syiem, the Sordar of Sohryngkham, religious and church leaders and other dignitaries. I came to witness today.
On the same day, OCF West Jaintia Hills volunteers D. Bareh and M. Lyngdoh also helped the children and the disabled in Iooksi Umdeinlin Village.
Part of the debate was on “The use of Artificial Intelligence – a threat to employment or income generation”.
BJP Vice President and Tura MDC Bernard N Marak on Tuesday demanded the intervention of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma in connection with the kidnapping and assault. and the rape of four girls who are villagers at the Chenga Benga Mela in Garo Hills.
Silmi Manner, resident of Sohkha Mission West Jaintia Hills District, passed away on the 9th of this month. March (October), 2023.
“Why has the promise on CAA been implemented, while the promise on T.15 lakh in the accounts of the people, which was promised by the BJP, has not been implemented,” said HK Singh.
Before taking any decision, the State Government should have allowed some of these schools to be run by religious groups, whether they are the Seng Khasi, Ramakrishna Mission or Christian churches. and there, we shall see, what they shall be like, and if they become worse, there is a cause, and if they become better, then we shall see that there is another cause, or what we shall call the stinginess and injustice of teachers.
Books by Lenin and Marxists in Russia sent to prisons and even to those Christians in prison, who had lost their religious books, the Bible but were given back the books written by these great men atheists who instill in the minds of people what is like a bih by saying, there is no God.
The meeting today discussed the Draft Annual Plan of the NEC for the year 2016-1
Nongrum (30 & 40) and Nongbet (47 & 57) scored two goals each, while Nongbet (2), Nisilia Majaw (7) and Tracy scored 10 goals each. Braces (13).
Shillong, June 17: About 4,000 members of the HSPDP Mairang Constituency have left the party, said Etelan Myrthong, Chairman of the HSPDP Mairang Unit.
We know that in India we have the legislature, the judiciary and the executive and only the executive is the one that our legislators are fighting for the executive. When they meet with the judiciary, they fall like muid sam khmut raikhoh - even if they don't win.
On this occasion, the General Secretary of Mooshroot Village, R.Lamare, said that after the census, about 60 households have been affected. They were destroyed by this cold weather.
We all love nature, but this love of nature varies from person to person.
This will take time to prepare but it does not mean that we cannot implement this strategy and we hope that soon we will have state-of-the-art medical colleges,” she said.
However, if the honorarium is only T.1000/- per month which costs only 30 days and the fee is only 10 months per year, they demanded that it should not be paid. There are 12 months a year because in December you have to prepare for Christmas.
Issues approved by the Cabinet:• The Government will purchase 50 acres of land in Nongmahir, Ri Bhoi District for the construction of infrastructure to promote tourism.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday, after the Cabinet meeting, said that the government will consider and examine some of the land in the four districts of Garo Hills. Hills and parts of South and West Khasi Hills before being declared as disturbance areas, due to the increase in insurgency and violence.
This is in front of us.
The CORP said that the residents of the area have had to walk up to 15 kilometers to reach Warmawsaw village to get medicine or treatment when they are seriously ill. The Sub Center which was built for three years to provide services to the people in the field of illness has turned into a shelter.
Regarding the placement of teams, Hering said the MFA was wrong to place Mawlai and Langsning in the same group (Shillong Zone).
If you travel around Rambrai from Mawlangsu, Mawdoh, Synnia, Kyrshai, Ukiam, Langpih, Tynghor, Langja to Thiepkseh, Mawlieh, Mawmluh and back to Mawlangsu, it is a long road. like-like.
Purno Sangma, MP Tura, in his speech in Parliament in 2006 on the State Re-organization Commission, said, “If America has 50 States, why shouldn't India have 50 States? It is the largest Democratic Country in the world and has a large number of indigenous people.
Mawkyrwat, November 17: A body was found in a rice field in Mawsaw village, South West Khasi Hills District on Saturday.
They said that the hospital will complete 1000 years in its service, but if it is in this form, where will it lead and how will the celebration be celebrated.
“I hope now that they will sign only one hand, that is enough,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Pynkhrawkupar Khongwet, one of the members of the Siengrity, said that the opportunity for the party to take part in this tournament is a great honor. It is a great opportunity to showcase to the world the traditional music of the children of Hynniewtrep.
The incident happened while the woman was on her way home from the funeral.
He said that there are 11 villages which have not been able to join Assam.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “We don't want the state to be famous for its gambling or other activities which benefit only a few people but it needs to be famous as such a place. that parents should be able to send their children to continue their education.
The most common symptoms of TB are a fever lasting more than two months, fever, night sweats and weight loss.
Copies of the letter have been sent to the Minister of Home Affairs, the Secretary of Police, the Director of Police and the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills.
The JSM hopes that there will be no more incidents like what happened on Friday and urged the district authorities to provide clear information in collaboration with the village authorities and the DIPR department to disseminate information to the public on the government's announcements. JSM Jowai Circle said that the fight against the spread of COVID-19 will be successful in the state.
The 22-year-old smashed 20 fours and two sixes.
Therefore, there is a call to all such to turn from sleep while there is still time and to turn and fall against the Light so that it can remove the darkness from them.
Shillong: The Legislative Assembly of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through the Dorbar Tlang has approved a request to the State Government to amend Part XI of the Schedule Tribes Order, The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that the meeting was held in the House.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District today held a meeting with many Self Help Groups and Village Organizations in Ri-Bhoi District to receive assistance from the government. Mega Event and SHG Mela at Lumnongrim Byrnihat Square which is also part of the celebration of the Northeast Festival on the 75th Anniversary of India, the Empowerment of Girls and the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya.
The Office of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department (AH&VD), South West Khasi Hills District has conducted a training and awareness campaign to raise awareness among the public on how to protect animals from various diseases on 15th November. About 300 people from 7 villages of Shngimawleiñ area, South West Khasi Hills District attended the event.
OTHER PROBLEMS INVOLVE THE FOLLOWING CHILDREN'S STONE :This can happen to two out of 10 people who have this problem.
“I am now waiting for the report from the hospital and therefore I don't want to say anything until I get the report from NEIGRIHMS,” she said.
They said that the allegations that on the 14th of this month, the Sordar had tried to force the election of Rangbah Shnong in Lumrit by carrying trees and stones in the bus. Officers from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Shillong and the law enforcement agencies were present on the occasion.
Meanwhile, Chairman of JARF, Ma Helping Phawa said that the leaders of JARF will take part in the Orientation Program convened by the Directorate of Mineral Resources of the State Government on the 17th. month at the Community Hall, Khliehriat West.
Stimac witnessed the match in Mumbai and expressed his desire to join the gym.
Shillong, March 25 : U All India Trinamool Congress Leader George B Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that he will consider whether there is a real proposal to contest the MP elections next year. come.
I think God speaks to people even in the midst of a time of fear to have a thought for fellow human beings.
They are wise and united people.
Those who spoke on the occasion, praised the Kur Kharkamni of Mawroh, which has struggled hard to build the Sports Complex, for their failure to build the Sports Complex. It is of great benefit to the young men, that they may go and exercise in this place.
“According to the preparation of NEEPCO, Thieddieng village which covers 93 hectares will be affected,” he said.
Shillong, July 29: More than 30 residents of Wahkhen village who have not received ration have appeared before the Magistrate (EAC) Kong Monica Kshiar on Monday. Office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
This has blocked and will not open the way for those who want to serve righteously, who have the spirit to rebuild the State”.
On the 22nd of this month, seven persons including four Pnars and a forest guard of the Assam Government were shot dead by Assam Police in Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills. .
Emi Phawa scored the second goal for Mupliang in the 1st and 76th minutes.
“We don't have any other way to force the government to listen to our demands,” said David Rapmai.
She said that she had tried to prevent these people from damaging the crops by talking to each other, but they drove her away and threatened her with rude words. On the other hand, she urged the police to arrest immediately these people involved in this violence and punish them according to the law.
In a meeting with the DM&HO, the Head of District Health Department, promised to continue to monitor and take action with the relevant authorities in the Government so that the many needs and shortcomings faced by them will be addressed. East Jaintia Hills District has been working hard to ensure the safety and security of the residents of East Jaintia Hills.
Speakers included Teras Dkhar, General Secretary of Wapung Circle, Kyrshan Dkhar, Ad General Secretary, MH Dkhar. , Justine Dkhar (Ex-MLA), Adviser; Rosila Dkhar, Executive Members of the Seiñ Kur, Bah Jessi Dkhar, President, Khliehtyrshi Circle, who gave their speeches and urged the Kurs to participate in the event. There is a spirit of friendship, of love, of helping one another, of unity in any field, of knowing people, of knowing God, of being polite, of being honorable, of having a spirit of joy. They urged the youth who are in school to be hardworking, diligent, obedient to their parents, teachers and authorities.
He said the Congress party is surprised that the government intends to send a message that there is no Minister in charge of the Home Department and this action of the MDA Government shows that it does not have that. He said that until now there is no information who is in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs in the state and the MDA Government has not shown where this department has been appointed which is also a very important department in the state. He said that the MDA Government has been shocked and in the midst of its shock it does not know what to do.
This poses a great threat to our nation, because it will soon become a great opportunity for the Government of India to mine Uranium from the Bri U Hynniewtrep. The Government of India has issued an Environmental Clearance to Star Cement by the Government of India even after holding three Public Hearings. yours.
This refers to all the churches in the world, what kind of churches they are, and how they are related, especially in the present generation, the generation before the end of the church.
The department is preparing to build another market at Polo at a cost of T.80 crore and this market will be built on the land of SMB. that the Urban Development Department has prepared a 2.2 acre plot of land at Barik which belongs to the PWD Department.
In the earlier years, the management of the tea plantation had tried to encourage many farmers who had sufficient land to cultivate tea.
It is believed that the Shillong Western Bye-Pass, which will start from Sumer, will end somewhere in Baniun.
Tura, Jymmang 20 : A man named Sadam Hussain, who is involved in the rape of a child from West Garo Hills, has been sentenced by the Special POCSO Court to 14 years imprisonment with a fine of Tk .10000.
The total reserve of uranium oxide is 23,268 tonnes.
Because as it is now, we don't know how the border settlement will affect the paid border residents who have lived and worked in Meghalaya for a long time”.
Police have registered a case against the suspect at Laitumkhrah Police Station under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
He also intended to keep a common bsein which is allowed by law.
Speaking to Rupang, the Sordar of Raid Mukertila, Bah Phren Kongwang, said that the people used to come every day but it is difficult for the village headmen to stop this.
It is now clear that the NPP is one of the parties that is close to the BJP. Modi believes that even if the BJP does not win in Meghalaya, once the NPP wins, friend in the NDA government in Delhi and one of the biggest supporters of the NEDA in the North East, that's enough for him and the BJP. have done for the last five years.
In the third and final Test match of the women's hockey tournament, the Indian team managed to chase from behind to complete their match against the Indian women's hockey team. Australia drew 1-1
He said that through dialogue, it will lead to a sense of closeness and unity.
These vehicles are battery-powered e-bikes and e-wheelchairs designed and built by three teachers and a trained vehicle builder who worked with Don Bosco Technical School. Shillong.
On Saturday, China's health minister said there had been no new cases since the previous day.
The tournament will be held in all five blocks of the district including Mawkynrew, Mawryngkneng, Pynursla, Mawsynram, Shella Bholaganj, Mawphlang, Mylliem and Khatarshnong Block.
The merger will come only if the entire Congress party in India decides to do so.
Shillong: The KSU Mairang Circle will hold this award ceremony as part of the efforts to encourage and motivate the students who have achieved success in their studies.
The KSU has questioned and sought clarification from the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of Ri Bhoi District, as their work is only for the purpose of investigating, arresting and punishing KSU members. The search operation has disrupted the family members of the members and also taken away the vehicles of the members of the party and the ambulance of the party. He said that the DC and SP should understand that they are only servants of the people in the district.
He said that in fact the money was sent from the Deputy Commissioner's office on the 8th of this month in the evening to the account of the GHADC and on the 9th of this month it was sent on Saturday. and bank employees are on holiday and the 10th is also a public holiday.
According to the Constitution of the MFA R/W Article 20 Clause 1 et seq., the MFA has the right to suspend any Association for violating these requirements. .
We were also taken to the police station.
Students must complete the March Pass by shaking hands and shaking hands all over the body.
She said that the order was issued after the Meghalaya High Court on November 2021 and 11th June, 2023 ordered that measures should be taken to improve the traffic jam in Shillong especially at the market places and at the entrances and exits.
On this occasion, Bah Sanbor said that Bah AL Hek has not applied for ticket but his name has appeared only in the newspapers and as the leaders of the party, they will unite together to work for the party. by Mrs. Fenella.
We also know that the government cannot provide 5 kilos of rice or T.700 per month and therefore it should allow them to start farming, with the rules and regulations. to avoid the corona virus.
“To misunderstand this behavior is something that is not appropriate," she added.
Whosoever therefore shall speak a word against the Son of man (Jesus); but whosoever shall speak against the Holy Spirit, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come" Matthew 12:3
In other countries, extra bumpers are not available.
“Mikir Hills is close to Ri Khasi Jaintia and even in the church work, it has its own Synod,” said Pastor Kharkrang.
The President of the party said that there has been no meeting within the party to take a decision to support any candidate. He said that he may have his personal support for Siangshai but it is not the decision of the party or to force any fellow members.
Isn't it the duty of the Rangbah Shnong/Sordar Shnong to immediately reject those demands of the government? If we don't work hard to expose the lies of the government, we will be misled like this as it has been for 50 years.
We will verify them in 10 days,” said Marak.
Meanwhile, a garbage dump in Brahamapuram collapsed on October 2, causing air pollution in Kochi and surrounding areas. join in this lynguh fire.
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Frederick Roy Kharkongor said that the polling stations have been set up in William Nagar, Baghmara, Resu Belpara, Tura and Ampati and CCTV cameras have been installed at all these polling stations. Of the five districts, South West Garo Hills had the highest turnout with 83.74 per cent, North Garo Hills with 77.29 per cent, West Garo Hills with 70.63 per cent. Hills: 72 % and South Garo Hills: 74.86 %.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Thursday said that the Chairman of a new rebel group has used Facebook to encourage others to join the group. that they had the intention to rob and blow up bombs to intimidate the people.
Reports said that the decision of these two MDCs to join the NPP is because they are watching the support of the people for the VPP during these days when Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit is in office. Thngan on the demand for a change in the recruitment quota.
The issue we need to discuss here is that the people of Delhi want water, electricity, free school fees and do not want to discuss the law against Hindus, Muslims, Christians and others. Then we see that the people of India have a strong sense of belonging, which means that Assam has its own issues, Delhi has its own, West Bengal has its own and so on. and thus it seems, as the people believe, that the national parties, can do better and understand better than the big parties of India.
“The relationship between India and Thailand is more than 2000 years old.
Where? What are the differences? We have to be clear, through the provision of accurate information.
“This is the happiest day for me,” he said.
Shillong, July 02 : A team of three wildlife and bird scientists including Arpit Deomurari, Steve and Gaurav Kataria has discovered that there are many species of birds. especially in the Mawkdok, Mawphlang and Sohra areas.
“My starting campaign is to explain to those other political parties who criticize, but she should not hesitate when speaking on the basis,” he said.
The lapse.
According to the GLCDC, as no announcement has been made on the introduction of the MTP Act in the KHADC without any public announcement, it is urgent to repeal the Act completely. They are the members of the District Council.
The race started from Home Guard & Civil Defense Mawdiangdiang to Tynring and ended at the same venue.
He said the government will also set up a College of Commerce in Mawphlang, a College of Science in South Garo Hills, an Engineering College in Shillong and an Architect College in Tura.
He took over as captain in November 2008 and led Portugal to the semi-finals of Euro
Besides, the CEO said that the State has also taken the necessary measures to increase the turnout of the people in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
There was also a Swachhtaha celebration on this day.
John 4:24.
The month-long victory will start with a 40-day training session from 28th to 8th November
Shillong: Two mothers who tested positive for Covid-19 have died at Nazareth Hospital today. The death toll from Covid-19 has risen to 34 in the state.
According to the relatives of the girl, the death of Ranisha was due to the negligence of the doctors at the hospital.
About 14 houses of farmers in Nong-I-Jngai village near Nongnah village in South West Khasi Hills have been destroyed and attacked by a herd of wild elephants.
On the other hand, the relatives of the child who was tied by a robber who tried to rape her in Mawmaram, demanded that the law should impose a life sentence on the robber.
The Municipal Council shall own the land of Shyiap within its boundaries, as in the Shillong Municipality.
One plot acquired in 2013 with an area of ​​5,900 sqm is located in Lucknow.
We can therefore understand the greatness of the Bible even though it was written about 1500 or 1600 years apart by about 40 writers but they mention the same theme that Jesus is Lord. .
Bah Mayralborn Syiem said that it is urgent for the villages to set up this committee immediately especially as the government has allowed the people from the state to return to their homes and those who have children. hands and relatives, that we may be prepared so that there will be no confusion or misunderstanding in the future.
“On the other hand, the party feels that the Constitution should not be amended as it is written in the Constitution because if it does so, it means that it does not respect the authors of the Constitution,” he said.
At about 5.30 pm, they seized a commercial taxi (ML11-3594) carrying two persons and the driver.
Dr. Anjlee Prakash, Chairperson of the Learning Links Foundation, expressed her gratitude for the launch of this programme. a child have the right to benefit from this, this is the aim that not only the children will get the education written in their textbook but also they will have a healthy body and to learn about the richness of our culture and many other things.
He demanded that all the officers involved in the incident should be removed from their posts to allow for a smooth investigation.
On the other hand, the JSU leaders today said that they have met and sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and Bah Cyril V Diengdoh IAS in charge of Home. and Political Department of the State Government in this regard.
Hooid I have seen the video of her, she came to apologize, but I don't think it's enough, to say she came to apologize because we women who live outside the state will lose and lose our trust. From my friends inside my own state and from my family, I don't think I'm going to think about my children abroad. I'm sorry for the actions of Wei-ar. Where outside of Kari KHASI “KABRI U HYNNIEW TREP” we must remember that we come from a special country. If we talk about the customs and traditions of the KHASI people, the other people will think separately about the KHASI country.
Thank you very much.
Yes, there may be cases where students have to stand up and do something if there is no one else to do the job, especially when the job is demanding.
In a statement sent to Morning Star Pasi, KSU President Nangbah said that three houses have been affected by the earthquake on 24th November due to heavy rainfall.
We see in the newspapers from time to time that many people have lost their lives just because of this ban on beef and this is sad.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Balius Swer, President of the JCMDA, said that he has received news today that the meeting has been postponed from July 2 to July
Returning to the 1st Division, the Quarter Final will start on the 27th of this month and the teams that will play on that day will be between Porshangbet. On the 28th, Lawse will play against Nongkroh and on the 29th, New Nongstoin will play against Nongstoin.
Frederick said that there are about 300 polling stations where the registration rate is lower than in the state as a whole or less than 20%. and the Mission 300 was established.
Explaining the meaning of the Holy Eucharist, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh said, “The Easter mystery has been revived in the Holy Eucharist. Jesus Christ lived, suffered, died, and rose again.
Students and teachers of St. Mary's Higher Secondary School also attended the ceremony.
We find that this love of our motherhood is unique and very different from others.
Marbaniang said this while speaking at the International Day for Persons with Disabilities celebration held on the 3rd of this month at Mairang Vidyajyoti Inclusive Secondary School, Sangshong, Mairang.
“The IO who is investigating the teacher recruitment scam has handed it over to the High Court,” she said, adding that this is a serious crime and those involved should be punished properly. according to the law.
Peit Langpih was sent by a Nepali to kill four Langpih residents.
Shillong: The teachers, who have been on strike for four days, have vowed to intensify their strike in the future.
In total, the new law contains 170 articles.
Before announcing the full schedule of the tournament to be held in India, the International Cricket Council (ICC) has asked members of the federations including the members of the Pakistan Cricket Board ( PCB) on their advice regarding this part of the tournament.
He said that from 2018 to 2013 under the rule of the NPP, the good thing is that in the five years the NPP-led Government has not been locked up from Delhi, and there is no need for remote controls from Gujarat or Uttar Pradesh. Province.
Shillong, July 22: The leaders of the Mawhati Democratic People's Forum (MDPF) Zone II have decided to support Mawhati MDC James Sylliang in the 2018 elections.
The Union of Village Authorities of Jaintia Hills (JVHC) has announced that it will hold a General Meeting at the District Library Auditorium, Jowai on the 8th July at 11.00 am.
“We invite all the Adhoc school teachers who number about 5,000 and the alumni to join us on this day and we also request the parents and friends who understand our plight to donate He said that the Government should promise to increase the salary by T.18,000 and 5 percent per annum.
When examining the mental strength of children, the study found that among children with autism or mental illness, children born to mothers who Those who have diabetes are not as strong as those children who are born to mothers who do not have diabetes.
Not only won the majority of MLAs, but the UDP has also increased its vote share in Khasi Jaintia with 24.62 percent, while the NPP in Khasi Jaintia with 24.62 percent. accounted for 26.44 percent.
on this day and to remember the sufferings of Christ and to spend the night with him.
At the beginning of the mock drill in Jowai, the siren was sounded at 9 pm to indicate that there was an earthquake. The mock exercise was held at Iaphi Shopping Complex, Bharat Petrol Pump, Laban Gate, Presbyterian School and Compound, Jowai.
The population was about 600 head, about 260 males and about 340 females.
SOMALA has asked the government not to accept the soskular proposed by the State Forest Department to sign with the companies.
“Although efforts to resolve the long-standing issues are ongoing between the two states, the border situation has been stable.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (KHAC) today beat the West Khasi Hills District Cricket Association (WCLA) by 159 runs in both the ball and tieing wickets. in the Zone 1 Group B of the Meghalaya Cricket Association's U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament.
The 18 selected girls have played well in the recent Women's U-19 One Day Trophy of the BCCI. The matches will be played from 2nd to 9th November in Mumbai.
In fact, the AIFF has decided to allow Stimac to manage the Under-23 team to be held in Hangzhou, which is scheduled to start on 23 November.
Night represents darkness, chaos, sorrow, anxiety, sin, suffering, sickness, death, and hell.
The meeting was conducted by Samhakani Laloo, Secretary WWO, LDC who welcomed the participants, by holding a moment of silence as a sign of remembrance of the ancestors of the village who founded the village and the village. Yungwalieh, SD Laloo also gave a prayer of thanks.
Group officials said the Pakistani man's actions came to light for the first time in connection with the murder of Moosewala.
In the 71st minute, Teibhalang Kharpuri scored the third goal for Mawtawar SC before Ronaldo Rangslang scored the second goal. finally in 82 minutes.
Now there is a fierce competition with Salman's film Good Newwz.
The training center is located near the office at Soso Tham Auditorium.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly through a Short Duration Discussion on the appointment of A. Ali as Secretary, MSCTE, Basaïawmoit said that people are talking about the appointment of A. Ali as Secretary. The British ruled the people and forced them to agree to Indian rule.
Modi learned about Mawlynnong through the Governor of Meghalaya V. Shanmuganathan in a letter to him.
“How can MUDA be a land seller and this action of it has violated the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act 1972,” she said.
God's Word is given to us to read and meditate on so that we can grow spiritually.
The truck was seized by BSF troops patrolling at Sonapur Bridge, East Jaintia Hills.
The objective of this assistance is to improve the use of fertilizers along with the production of vegetables and agricultural products and the use of beneficial fertilizers.
Balakmen Nongbri was elected President, Breggie Sun Secretary, Shining Star Thangkhiew Vice President, Henry Marngar Publicity Secretary, Iai Kyrsian Office Secretary and others. RB Shadap, one of the former leaders of the RBYF, who was also involved in the founding of the RBYF, was also present on the occasion. Mardilet Kharnaior, President of Umsning Pyllun Women's Wing, Bipul Thangkhiew, President of Umsning Pyllun Women's Wing, Central Body Leaders and others.
When the MP election is held in June 2024, will the Congress party be able to win again Bah Vincent Pala who has won three times since
Speaking on the church and political affairs, Father Richard said that the Khadar administration is an important task and therefore it is necessary to have leaders in this field who tbit and those who are stupid.
Many political parties have held consultations with the HLC on this issue.
They know that he will soon finish his studies but the love of the family does not disappear.
Nursing in Meghalaya.
It is understood that the MDA will elect another person to take over the post of Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly and it is understood that once the MDA has taken a decision, the BJP will and he shall consider the man of it, whether he be worthy to take the throne of the council.
However, in this age of work, even parents don't have time to teach and show respect to their children.
Therefore, the struggle against corruption is only for the whole nation.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs has filed a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) in the Meghalaya High Court.
The meeting also appointed Jropsing Nongkhlaw as President , General Secretary , Methos Marwein , B. Lyngdoh as Chief Adviser and other office bearers The Drafting Committee of the KHADC will meet tomorrow on the 18th of July under the leadership of Bah Jropsing Nongkhlaw.
In the past five years, more than $100 billion companies have been established and more new companies are being added every month.
Jowai: The East Jaintia Hills District Authority, including the District Administration and Police, has conducted others in the grounds and sports grounds as part of the implementation of Social Distancing. to prevent the spread of Corona Virus from one person to another.
of Anaesthesiology.
The District Council is responsible for the management of the land while in Jirang it is silent and does not listen to the complaints of the people regarding the actions of the Syiem to violate the customs and traditions.
It would have been good if the VPP MLAs had explained to the people about the current budget and how the funds have been allocated for these SDGs and whether the allocation is sufficient or not.
“Lam's decision on the House of Representatives is surprising and inappropriate.
Therefore, if the government feels that it has a spirit of concern for the youth, it is time for it to pass stricter laws and regulations to imprison those who traffic in drugs or marijuana. This state like other countries in the world.
Mukul said that it is under his leadership that the Congress has increased from 7 to 13 MLAs, while in Khasi Hills, it has decreased. from 21 to 16, just because of the difference of opinion of the leaders and he said that it is the same people, who spread various rumors, about his health even now.
Bielsa has also appeared as the best candidate for managership from several EPL clubs such as Bournemouth and Everton as well as his interest from Brazilian clubs. and Argentina before accepting the job with Uruguay.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has rejected the claim of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma that his claim is to mislead the people of the state.
Ranbir's covid-19 infection, Alia Bhatt, has been quarantined for many days, according to the report.
The shopkeepers were also surprised how these shops collapsed at 3 pm without any reason because they are small shops and they don't use electricity which has led them to suspect that it was a fire. enemy of thieves.
The committee will be headed by FKJGP leader Wednesday Dkhar as chairman, general secretary Sylvestre Myria and other party leaders as advisors and members of the committee.
According to Bah Niwel War, many issues were discussed at the meeting, which the Khasi living in Karbi Anglong and the aim of the group, is to bring unity and peace. They also discussed the benefits of the Paid Khasi living in Karbi Anglong Assam and at the same time that the Khasi living in Karbi should not be discriminated against. stay in the area.
Meghalaya, in collaboration with the PMO, the Ministry of Home Affairs, DG Assam Rifles, Ministry of Civil Aviation and private airlines, are fighting as much as possible to ensure the evacuation of the residents of Meghalaya. state.
The protest by the students of Kiang Nangbah and their turn to the DC's office came after the government failed to do anything on their seven demands.
Last year, the FKJGP, after conducting an inspection with the officers of the PWD department, but the negligence of the department has prompted the FKJGP to repair the road itself.
Will the people accept the work of KAM? Although the 2023 election is still about three and a half months away, the purpose of this statement is to bring the political parties closer together. and it will be up to the people of the state, whom they support, whom they reject.
We as believers all have this fragrance of Christ.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the State Government has implemented many schemes, such as in the field of sports, music and dance and the development of their own businesses. that they are free from drug loss.
BJP East Khasi Hills District President Babul Suting said that as a leader, he will cooperate with Jrop Singh Nongkhlaw.
“We cannot answer that it is the fault of anyone, because the ministers, the previous governments are the ministers in the new government, but the rights of the people who have taken care of the land 50 years of shyiap should be thought of"
Punjab scored two goals from Makan Winkle Chothe and Thoiba Singh to beat FC Pune City 2-0 and win the title.
“What the author has said is that it is not necessary to follow the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act in order to protect the Tang Jait because there are non-Khasis who have accepted this custom. “The Tang Jait's way of converting themselves into Khasi where the rules of law are not followed to talk about religion has gone away,” he said. “Now from the Tang Jait, the Ting Jait has emerged. Therefore, it is necessary to strictly enforce this practice so that those who want to take advantage will not be able to take advantage and the counting of the kur will not be disrupted”.
“I have kept this and when I die, I will bury it, I will take it forward, I will show it to Ma Hoping”.
Shillong: The State Government has released the 30 percent arrear of government employees 10 months before Christmas.
Mawphor also spoke to one of the officers of the Enforcement Department of KHADC, Bah Kordor Synrem who came to inspect the area and see whether these foreigners have returned to live there. Trading licenses have been issued to places that have not been completed yesterday.
Others who attended the meeting included Stephamson Mukhim, MDC candidate from 7-Amlarem, RL Tariang, former MLA, Holando Lamin (MDC) War Central, Saron Paswet (MDC Jowai South Constituency). War West Constituency and Block President, Otomewot Lamin (Nominated MDC), among others.
It can be witnessed that this festival is also different in that the organizing committee has not used plastic at all but only natural resources from the shops and decorations. the surroundings of the stadium and others that have been built for the festival.
“We have witnessed through the media that when foreign companies come to implement any project in the State, some of them have been threatened and burnt their vehicles.
The Minister's remarks came after many civil society groups opposed the issuance of NOC by the KHADC for the construction of the road. uranium.
Therefore, where is that horse trading? There is no horse race,” Marak said.
“But the problem is whether it is possible to go to school with an empty stomach,” he said. ?" said the teachers.
“As part of the operation after receiving a tip about the presence of these suspects, a check of vehicles was conducted at the Checkpost near the Lilong Police Station on Tuesday night.
“Sin has now worked greatly in man's life and he has spread to the world and forgotten the truth,” he said.
He said that of course it will depend on the will of the Chief Minister and it is also the responsibility of the government; On the other hand, the BJP cannot order MLAs to change ministers and there should be a discussion on this and to see how they work.
Police have also been directed not to allow any violations during the curfew hours.
On this occasion, the students of the university applauded the Lamphang for his speech in the presence of the Vice Chancellor of the University, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla. at the meeting.
When you are hungry, just say “Mother/Father, I am hungry” and the food will come and “Mother/Father, I want this or that” and so it will come.
The meeting was conducted by the President of KSU Lumshnong Unit, Hame Gympad.
Khliehriat, March 4: The Tribal and Rural Social Foundation today launched a training program for the farmers of Mukhaialong village on the use of organic fertilizers. The training will last for three months and is sponsored by the Meghalaya State Skill Development.
However, this plate is easy to clean because once it is finished, it can be burned and used as fertilizer for plants.
Therefore, the unions have decided not to stop the strike and blockade the MeECL offices until they receive their demands.
He said the party will send a letter to all the blocks to immediately send the names of the candidates to contest the elections to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council. District Council.
He said that he will take care of the hospital so that it can be implemented as soon as possible.
It is learned that Hidma himself was present at the scene and was also the leader of the raid with the police yesterday.
Remember that knowledge is the most precious treasure.
“I have inspected various schools including Sikoam Sec School and found that Roll No. 53851 and Registration No. 61363 of 2014 belong to Sengrikchi B Sangma. He had a fake certificate when he applied for college at Tikrikilla College,” said Walseng.
He also urged the police not to create any disturbance, any disturbance which could lead to bloodshed but to act according to the law because there is a law to protect. the rights of every citizen.
The UDP should look carefully to get a skilled, intelligent and capable person to lead the Assembly in the right direction and to please the MDA government. It is the responsibility of the UDP to recruit and hand over to the MDA, and the MDA must agree and cooperate.
The DC has ordered all vendors or traffic operators to leave their places from 15th September for the safety of the public. 127 new cases of COVID-1 -19, 2 people have died, bringing the death toll to 1361 in the state on Tuesday.
Shillong, July 05: Former Sohiong MLA Bah Samlin Malngiang on Tuesday said that he has been banned from opening a water scheme in one of the villages. in Shiliang Um of Diengïei area, it is not the residents who have blocked but the land owners who have provided land to set up water tanks and other facilities for this water supply scheme.
This is now a consultation for the government on how it should act even after the end of the pandemic.
Also present on the occasion were Dr DD Lapang, MLA Nongpoh Constituency, President Meghalaya PCC and Chief Adviser Ri Bhoi DCC, Dr C Lyngdoh MLA Umsning Constituency. The President of Ri Bhoi DCC, Mr. Mayral Born Syiem, General Secretary, Mr. A. Wahlang, Mr. GG Marwein, Mr. MG Kharshanlor, Mr. A. Lapang, and all the Presidents of the DCC. BCC in Ri Bhoi DCC. The 147th Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi was held at the office of the party in Umbuda, Nongpoh in the presence of Dr.DD Lapang, Dr.C.Lyngdoh and other Congress leaders, afterwards, a tree planting ceremony was held.
The program was also attended by Bah BB Makdoh, Elder of Ri Bhoi District as the chief guest, in the presence of Dr. DL Nongrum and others including Kong Wensida Malieh, President of Ri Bhoi District. Upper Nongjri Women's Association, Rangbah Shnong, Ristilda Nongrum, President of Ummawbuh, R. Shangdiar, Rangbah Shnong.
I called the helpline number and the answer they gave was that my name was not on the list.
This has also affected the homes of the poor residents who have come to complain about the damage to their homes.
Mebanker Shullai and Emilanadaka Chyrmang defeated Nangebormi Suting and Balashembha Passah 21-06, 21-1
After a while, the police suddenly came to the scene and drove away all the people who had gathered at the scene.
Shillong: The High Court of Meghalaya today slammed the Harijan Panchayat Committee for misbehaving with the court and the state government.
Only those who don't think about anything fall asleep quickly and lose their sight.
She said that this increase has been like robbing from the people as it has affected families who send many children to the same school.
Fortunately, no one has ever gotten sick from eating these fish.
The UDP said in the letter that the expenditure on the beautification of the Conference Hall of KHADC amounting to T.45 lakh without calling for tender is like a robbery of the Council's funds. demand a rigorous investigation to identify those responsible.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The State Coordination Committee (CCO) will hold a public meeting on the 26th of this month at Nongjri Market (Borsora) at 12 noon.
The Minister said that a public meeting of the Dorbar Shnongs will soon be convened starting from Shillong.
Besides the drugs, police also seized T.1,90,500 cash and an Alto 800 without number plate.
Don't be afraid.
If you are wrong, you will be punished.
The General Secretary of the Union, Bah PB Sylliang, said that the 100 days employees have been neglected by the government because they have not received their salaries properly. They have been forced to pay for the purchase of goods from the shops because they have not yet paid for the old ones due to the government's lack of funds.
The BJP government's attack on the low paid has shown Shai.
“We don't condemn these writings because they are writings that we may have to admit that the presence of ethnic parties has undermined the Hima Sima of the country and opened the door for foreigners to challenge the rule of law in the state. our.
Besides, the Doloi said that voting is important in democracy and it is also the right of the citizens to have the freedom to elect their leader.
Shillong: Due to the increasing number of cases of covid-19, hospitals have found it difficult to admit these patients.
The Prime Minister said that after seeing what has happened in other countries, the government has understood that it will need more people to work in the health sector. The government has started all the preparations to fight against this disease.
He also appealed to the youth of the state to think carefully when they go to study or work abroad.
KHNAM Youth Wing President Thomas Passah, who supports these Jugali, said that if MeECL does not appoint all those who have passed before April this year, they will hold a protest and MeECL should not appoint them. take responsibility.
He said that the MLAs are still waiting for the election and threatened that the party will take over the government revenue collection points by force.
It is said that the river was also full of boatmen on the 15th as it was a hot and humid day.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Mayborn Rapthap, MDC Candidate from Mawhati Constituency from MCPC as the Chief Guest, in the presence of other dignitaries including Bah Mathias Mynsong and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Although KHNAM does not have a unit or branch in Garo Hills, it has given its strong support to Conrad K Sangma, the NPP candidate. appeared during his tenure as MLA and Minister of State.
Dr. Sangma said that in the past, the session has been extended from the scheduled time to allow for the necessary space if it is felt that the session is short.
Tynsong said that recently, he had met with the Secretary of DoNER to discuss the delay in the release of funds for many projects in the state.
The people of Shillong have welcomed the Har Ghar Tiranga initiative of the Central Government and have been happy to hoist the flag of the country in their homes.
The VPP also said that the MDA government should set an example in providing government land to the people of the state – the poor and landless as well as those who need housing.
While there has never been any objection to the felling of trees for the construction of roads, why is there only opposition to these foreign trees at 7 mer?
Tomorrow, the 11th, will start with the Knia Aitnar in the morning while in the afternoon, the Khun Raij of Jar Laki Dong will bring their own Deiñkhlam from the forest and bring them to Iewmusiang.
It is worth mentioning that after this road has been covered with stones and soil, many residents of the area who want to go to Shillong have had to use the road which reaches Wahrew and climb back to Sohra. and Shillong.
The purpose of Samla Saiñkupar Syngkli's establishment of the EL Elyon Institute is to bring together the youth especially in the rural areas to receive training in the field of computers in this modern age. Most of the work has been done through computers to speed up the work and reduce the time consumption with the aim of reducing the impact on the cost of work and the youth no longer need to go to places where far which is a great blessing.
On Thursday, Tudu left the meeting with government officials for not providing documents to review the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission.
While the coal smuggled from the state to outside the state is 30 to 35 metric tonnes, how much money is the fine from the trucks carrying the border, when it is not in the government's budget.
However, for this purpose, they need to get 13 MLAs and for this reason, talks are ongoing with the MLAs. Shillong: Ka Seiñ Kur Dkhar Wapung has said that 8-9 Congress MLAs have decided to leave the country but they are still waiting to get more votes. Shillong: Ka Seiñ Kur Dkhar Wapung KSU War Jaintia District and the Sub Divisional Officer, Amlarem Sub Division, Kong JU Kharpuri, for taking the initiative to summon a foreigner named Jagir, who has been arrested. He turned himself into a fake Kur by taking the jait of a Dkhar Kur, who also received an EPIC in the electoral rolls of Mupyut West Jaintia.
The Rural Resource Training Center (RRTC), Umran, formerly known as St. Joseph's Agricultural Training Center (SJATC), is a great example for other religious groups in the state.
Speaking to reporters, the mother of the child said that the teacher has come to apologize and they have accepted it but they have made it clear that the apology is not true. They refused to listen to the teacher without handing over to the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action according to the rules of law to punish the teacher.
Both teams have completed more runs than any other team this season.
Hope is a powerful tool for young people.
This young woman along with millions of other young people around the world and in the State, under the banner of “Fridays For Future” stand and fight against the practices of the rulers and governments that destroy and pollute the environment. .
Nongpoh: The District Level Inter School Football Tournament 2019 has been launched by the District Level Inter School Football Tournament 2019 in Ri-Bhoi District.
These institutions include NEHU Shillong, St Mary's College Shillong, ICFAI University Shillong, Martin Luther Christian University Shillong and Synod College Shillong.
“We just have to wait for the 16th to vote,” said Bah Phrang.
Stepping Stone Wanshnong scored the first goal for Lumdiengngan SC in the 36th minute, followed by Bansynshar Iawphniaw in the 40th minute. Sylvester Thongni in the 42nd minute to score the first goal of the second half.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Jambor War spoke about the celebration of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav across India and said that this celebration, provides opportunities for the people. shnong, to commemorate the freedom fighters from different parts of India.
The water level in the coal mine did not drop by an inch.
Our demand is to stop the removal of Kong Nikhla from the post of MD MTC,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 23: “When there are power struggles in the House, we look at the speaking time of Bah PR Kyndiah,” said the incumbent Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, AT Mandal. today.
“Therefore, as the union, we strongly condemn this action of companies or private individuals to build factories.
The Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People Jaintia Hills (FKJGP) has urged the people of Hynniewtrep to be vigilant against this smallest invisible virus called coronavirus. (covid-19) is the most deadly disease in the world.
The Dorbar Shnongs, Raids and Himas are the executive bodies appointed by the District Councils in accordance with the laws recognized by the Government and the Constitution of India.
The activities held on the second day included races and others.
In a statement sent by the Kur Khymdeit leaders, they said that hospitals from Civil Hospital Nongpoh, Robert Hospital, Nazareth Hospital, NEIGHRIMS, have refused to treat the woman. Bethany Hospital Shillong, due to the announcement that the woman has tested positive for Covid-19 and refused to treat her.
“As a sign of protest, the KSU has been able to put up flags on vehicles and other places,” said Pauldeep.
The Bible foretold much about the Euphrates River and what would happen in these last days.
He said the government will not interfere with the functions of the district councils as empowered by the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Therefore, the government through the police department needs to pass stronger laws to prevent the violence against the innocent.
The Chief Minister announced this while addressing the Amrit Plantation Program at Chandubi, Kamrup district.
Sandeep Siangshai scored the third goal in the 71st minute for Sailung Ialong.
Earlier, the incumbent President, Bah Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, will convene a meeting of the MLAs of the party to discuss the matter and after that a final decision will be taken.
“By introducing the Disability Center at the district level, we can address this problem and provide the necessary support and resources for people with disabilities, " he said.
When she needs it, she looks for them but when she gets the opportunity, she despises them,” said Bah Banteidor.
Paul Lyngdoh (UDP) raised the issue in the House.
Speeches were also delivered by the family members of Shailinia who expressed their gratitude to the people who have given their condolences at this time of tragedy.
“When I walk up and down, without excusing myself, I see many shortcomings, evils are coming and so it is our duty as residents and land owners to protect it by choosing the path of she said while talking to media after a TMC youth program in Laitumkhrah.
Danggo resigned from the Congress MLA after the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma promised to create the Ranikor Civil Sub-Division, which he had been demanding since 2007 but his former party, The Congress, which has been in power for many years in the state, has not done this.
He said that the State Government has already prepared the list of Regional Committees and promised that the members will be from the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs).
Boy's Higher Secondary School, Jowai who have supported physically and spiritually for the development of football among the children and youth who are the future of the area.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government today announced to set up Border Outposts in seven border areas with Assam.
During the programme, doctors from the army and civilians conducted an examination and distributed medicines to the low income residents of Bholaganj, Bholaganj, Newtown, Chakrablast and Kurikhal.
The Advocate General also submitted a report on all the measures taken as mentioned in the 18th Interim Report and which is still under the supervision of Justice BP Katakey (retired), who will file. to another report.
The people themselves should watch and evaluate the performance of the MDA Government for about half a year so that they can count and answer in 2023 when the election period comes. year.
The court also ordered that all the defendants including these nine companies will be heard again after a day to answer the questions raised by the plaintiff. section.
The management of Hotel Polo Towers Group in Shillong has celebrated the arrival of Christmas and other festive days by cutting a cake weighing up to 50 Kg.
This neglect can affect in many ways, including housing, education, employment opportunities and the most terrible is the loss of livelihoods and livelihoods.
Lutituber scored the first goal in the 42nd minute.
The meeting authorized the Chairman of the Dorbar to arrange a meeting between the Chief Executive Members, the District Council and the State Government to discuss in detail to get the approval of the State Government on the demands of the The Chief Executive Member to have his own Council through the Fourth Schedule which is non-partisan or non-political in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and the promises of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement approved by the Government of India on 17th July 1948, especially after receiving such a request from the Ministry of Home Affairs.
In the second half, the match became more interesting as the players of both the teams fought hard to take the lead and Umiam United took the lead in the minute. In the 76th minute, Parwaj Bhujia shot the ball into the net after receiving a penalty.
The truck has one center brushing sweeping system, two side brushing sweeping systems and one main broom with a width of 2000 mm.
Thus, the ideology of Hindutva is “India is one country, one people, one nation.
She said that the winners of the drawing competition have to be announced as the drawings have been sent to Shillong for judging.
The Committee on the Roster System was formed at a meeting of all political parties held on 19th June.
This shop belongs to OP Agarwal.
The Union hopes that the Government will take the necessary measures to ensure that the rightful students of the State will not be deprived of their rights and the youth who do not know who they are, should be allowed to “Please according to the law,” said Lambok.
Confirming these office bearers of Umlur Circle, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, urged these youths who have joined FKJGP, to be humble and to be an example to other youths in the village. At the same time, he urged them to cooperate with the village leaders in order to bring about the betterment of the village.
There has been a saying that the price of goods in the shops should be written so that the buyers know in advance and if so, it is better for the shops in Khyndailad or like this organization. , shall not demand from these shops, that they shall not sell at a clear and public price, and shall not violate or sell too much, at the right price.
According to the mother of Ram, he is now in critical condition and is undergoing treatment at the time of writing.
Which language do we speak when the Khasi language has not yet been recognized in the Constitution of India?
REV.DR.I Kharkongor in his booklet entitled “LAWEI U KHASI” wrote, “THE STRENGTH AND STRENGTH OF THE KHASI COUNTRY JAINTIA, ACCORDING TO THE PRE-BRITISH RULE IT IS ABOUT 7000 SQUARE MILES, BUT NOW THE JOURNALISTS ARE LOOKING AT THIS COUNTRY AND SQUARE FEET.If this Public awareness will spread among the Khasi people especially among the youth, and there will inevitably come an understanding that other communities around the Khasi Jaintia Hills can occupy and occupy at will the Khasi lands and villages.
“If you talk about the problems of the teachers or the students, you are not in the office,” said the teachers.
Shillong: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) today submitted a petition to the Minister in charge of Education, Ma Lakmen Rymbui to demand the implementation of the Government Residential School. The Teachers Training Center is located in Byndihati.
The education department has been directed to strictly observe the health rules at every examination centre.
In Sohmynting, UDP leaders on Monday visited the UDP to form the units of Sohmynting Pyllun, Dongdien, Dongnein, Dongwah, Dong Iawpynsin and leaders and members were elected.
The Dorbar Shnong Patharkhmah, has also expressed its regret, that the government has not yet been able to set up a Fire Service Department or fire departments in the Patharkhmah area. The fire brigade in Patharkhmah area, as the fire brigade had to move from Nongpoh.
The Canadian government on Friday rejected India's announcement that the situation inside Canada is unstable.
A total of 29 students were honored and awarded on this day including one of the award winners who passed away.
He added that the new machine has no impact and hopefully it will run and work, to provide employment to the people of the area.
The KSU Nongthymmai Circle said that in the years 1989-1990, the Madan Rting Dorbar Shnong through the Joint Action Committee (JAC) had written to the Hima Mylliem to change the names of these villages from foreign languages ​​to Khasi. .
He said that the supply of drinking water will also be calculated at the price of T.8 per 1000 litres through the Meter System.
He said that the department will prepare all the necessary measures to ensure that the theft from the foreigners as happened in the past which has caused a loss of revenue to the state government.
In the first semi final between Mawlai Presbyterian and Umrynjah Presbyterian, no one could separate and drew 1-1
U/P RMSA beat QC Springside H/S School 4-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
Therefore, what is needed is to win by that large and powerful political party (regardless of man) which is the force to fight against the secret intentions of the political party that will come to power. to rule.
The elections will be held on 19th June in 102 constituencies in 21 states and for this election, 127 General Observers, 67 General Observers have been appointed. Police Observers and 167 Expenditure Observers.
Referring to the number of households, those who have been placed in the Micro Containment Zone include one factory (Rapsang Group of Industries) in Umiam, many households including the house of Thiorida Shadap and Dahunlang. Ethios Shadap, Ethios Shadap, Rophina Kshiar, Everest Thapa, Ethios Shadap, Rophina Kshiar, Welder Thangkhiew, Nongthy Rijel and Labishnu. The micro-containment zone will be operational from the 11th to the 21st of this month.
She recalled that the office blockade was called to force the government to punish the police and the arrested member Mingran Sangma who led the shooting death of a man in Oragitok.
Speaking to reporters, Jansing said that after leaving the Congress, he saw that the NPP is the most popular party across the state.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Government has appealed to the teachers who are on strike to refrain from taking this path as it will affect the education of the children.
The Sein Raij Muthlong, West Jaintia Hills will bring the trophies along with the Nguh ka Dem Blei and the suit ka shor.
In Tamil Nadu, the DMK has risen sharply to 131 constituencies, while the ruling AIADMK has won 99 constituencies. .
Nirmala T Sangma has complained that since November 2016, the Municipal authorities together with the Magistrates and the police have confiscated her goods while she was selling near the PWD Rest House, Lady Hydari Park, Shillong. give written notice to show that the goods were seized and they were not returned.
Of course it cannot be done and Shillong is one of the cities known as the Scotland of the East, but with the passing of the days it is also getting darker and the pollution is increasing with the passing of the days.
The explanation of the fundamental rights of citizens may be combined with the explanation of income, income generation and trade in the State.
However, since the introduction of the CAB by the Central Government which has now become the CAA, it is on this basis that the Congress party has given its full support to the decision of the Legislative Assembly to demand the ILP. He said the CoMSO should not look to the opposition leader Dr Mukul Sangma, as the party's position is clear that they want ILP in Meghalaya.
Lahkmen said that soon the students who deserve to receive the scholarship will receive it after the completion of the release of funds through the PFMS. The poor are unable to provide for the education of their sons and daughters because of the high cost of income here in our country.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Prime Minister, Bah Donald Thabah said that the KSU, after receiving the complaint from the youths, has found that a person who is only He himself has not passed IAS, but has been sent to train young people to take the Civil Services examination.
Due to the severe damage to the vehicle, it took hours for the police and civilians to help recover the bodies of the victims.
On the other hand, the Minister of Electricity has informed that there will be no forgiveness on the bill light for the month of June 2020 to November 2020, but MeECL has decided not to arrange it on its own. At the same time, he informed that the Delayed Payment Charges (DPC) has been released to all the payers.
The main purpose of this meeting is to understand the problems of the people, how to solve the problems faced by the people and also to bring about a strong relationship and friendship between the police and the people.
However, when the shynrai arrived abroad and they tested to see if it was lead free, they found that the shynrai was too high in lead and that caused poisoning. u shynrai which in fact should provide a lot of help to our bodies.
In connection with the death of this man, the relatives have no suspicion of anyone and the body of this man has been handed over to the family members for the rituals.
However, at this time, there were those who tried to stop the festival by other anti-ethnic groups in the area.
He said that from the salary free money, the government will spend for the improvement of the schools which run the tests.
Another case has been registered under 302/323/324/34 IPC in connection with the murder of (L) Arjun Ray at Mawlai Mawroh, Shillong. Gary Rinaldy Mawlieh, 25, resident of Mawlai Mawroh, has been arrested on 23/04/2
Shillong: Rangdajied United FC beat Nangkiew Irat FC 3-1 in the SSA Premier League on Thursday at the JN Stadium, Polo.
It is the first time that I have joined a political party, the BJP party. The BJP government is not the only party in the country.
This is a very wicked and immoral act.
“The collapse of the new Legislative Assembly is because the government has acted in a hurry and wanted to open the Legislative Assembly prematurely, they don't understand Technology or Engineering and they have I don't trust the officers.
She said that even after their MLA joined the BJP, she was not happy but she was forced to join.
However, before casting their precious vote, they should turn around so that it will not be useless and will bring real benefits to the future of the country and the nation,” said the statement.
It is learned that these writers, after returning from Guwahati, have traveled around Shillong.
Khliehriat, Naitung 19: The four-day Behdeiñkhlam festival of Sieñ Raij Tuber has started today and will end on the 22nd of this month. ksing, nakra, traditional surs in all the villages and townships under the Sieñ Raij Tuber, after those years when the covid-19 pandemic struck the country and the world.
Alvin Toffler in his book Future Shocks says that education in the past was very slow, but there is a rapid increase in today's world. 90% , and this knowledge that we have today did not exist in the past.
Gradually, he lost his beauty like a snowflake, and went down slowly.
“Not all BJP leaders are like Bernard and I don't know what his position is in the party but he has accused the Prime Minister and the NPP. The three-term MLA from Resubelpara said that the BJP MDC used to be an armed man but when he came to power he became a politician.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki has lodged an FIR against all the illegal coal mining factories in the district.
"I understood when Rahul said he would never marry to end this rule of one family," Valmiki said.
The Government of Meghalaya understands the relationship between construction growth and income growth in all aspects, therefore, it is considered important to expect construction growth from the beginning of First Plan.
The KSU also said that another protest will be held from 7 pm to 5 pm on the same day. There will be a traffic jam in the border areas of East Jaintia Hills. District.
These fertilizers should bear the names of Bharat Brand FOM, LFOM and PROM. and it will also help to clean up the environment and bring about environmental peace along with creating another source of income for the farmers.
Many of the rituals and customs are no longer visible outside now that they are performed only to fulfill the rituals and customs.
The number of cases in Bangladesh has risen to 48 and the death toll to five.
The SP said that the HNLC's statement is just a smear campaign by the HNLC just to show off to the public.
During the Pacific War 1941-45, snepkor played an important role in the treatment of sick and wounded soldiers.
The inspection was led by Ronal Tangsang as President and Seiborlang Tynsong Secretary from Pahamrioh Unit. member of the organization.
He said that a bridge will be constructed at a cost of about 60 lakh tyngka in the area to facilitate the transportation of the farmers of the area.
Regarding the youth, Bah Sanjied said, “Don't play chess anymore like you used to play chess.
Sd/-J.P.MillsSecretaryTo the Governor of AssamMemo No.3126, G.S.Shillong the 18th July, 1938, copy forward to the Commissioner, Surma Valley and Hills Divisions for information with reference to this Memo 382.
The JSU said that it is necessary to change the behavior of each person to follow the guidelines and training to prevent the spread of this disease.
Regarding the water supply, he expressed his gratitude to the CM for getting the JJM but even so, the implementation has not been satisfactory to the people in the constituency.
Yonika Passah and Lamare have sought the help of the JSU, JSM and KSU Narpuh Circle.
The family members of Heimonmi Synnah hope that he will pass the examination and urged the Meghalaya government to help him to become a doctor after his studies.
On the other hand, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to HDR Lyngdoh for joining the UDP party. On the other hand, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Working President of the UDP, has urged the people of the state to give their full support to the UDP. it is time for us to rule over our country.
A Delhi court in a few days last month gave the CBI until 8th July to obtain permission to convict former Railway Minister Lalu Prasad and several government officials of Public Sector Transport in connection with the incident of alleged involvement in corruption arising from a dispute between the work and the land.
However, when asked whether the AITC will support Murmu, HM Shangpliang said, “We are from the tribal states and I feel we should put political parties behind us.
Shillong, July 04 : The Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Services, Bah Sanbor Shullai, today said that a proposal has been sent to the State Government to set up its own Veterinary Science University at Kyrdemkulai, Ri Bhoi District. The construction of this school will cost T.400 crore.
“The first is what was mentioned in a statement posted on social media by James PK Sangma when he was former Minister of Sam Bording, which he expressed his satisfaction with. Smart Meters have been implemented.
He expressed his gratitude to those who received the award for the government's recognition of their contribution to the society.
“I will do the will of my Father, who is my leader and teacher.
“To Niakha, God bless you...” Rida left.
Sanbor said that if this invasion of Assamese into Meghalaya happens, it is time to force them together.
But I tell you especially those who are interested in online networking, our mobile phone is the bank for all of us.
The Prime Minister also announced that his government will abolish the 14 boards issued by the previous government.
Two MBDA officers who are currently in the shelter with the farmers are Dr B Lyngdoh and Dr H Paul, said Aiban Swer, Officer on Special Duty, Meghalaya. Institute of Governance while speaking to the media.
It is for this reason that the Union has decided to stage a strike from the 11th of each month until the authorities release the salary on time,” said Bah Arju.
The 10+2 program runs Class 1 to Class 5 in Primary, Class 6 to Class 8 in Upper Primary, Class 9-10 in Secondary and Class 11 to 12 in Higher Secondary. The Higher Secondary or Junior College will be abolished and Classes 11 and 12 will be introduced to the Secondary Stage.
The North Eastern Hill University Teachers' Association (NEHUTA) has decided to intensify its protest by calling a rally and sit-in on the 12th of March to protest against many allegations of wrongdoing in the country. Vice Chancellor of the University Prof PS Shukla.
He said that the main reason for his concern at this moment is the issues affecting the nation.
“We have about 566 schools affiliated to MBoSE out of more than 2000 schools in the state and out of these, about 60 schools are very poor and cannot reach 50 percent,” he said. Mr. Marbaniang.
On the other hand, Bah Lakmen Rymbui said that he has no information about the construction of the auditorium but it was only through the information of the President of the Union Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum and directed the management of the College and the Union to They have met with the Deputy Commissioner to ask whether the construction of the Auditorium can be completed through the District Mineral Fund.
“At 12:00 pm, Mohan's family members came to my house and told me that Angelbeth had kidnapped Mohan. After I learned the truth that it was not a kidnapping, but a mutual understanding between the two,” said Angelbeth's father.
He said the life of the bridge will be about 35-40 years after the repair.
The statement of these teachers who have not passed the MTET is what will happen to them because they are too old to look for jobs elsewhere.
I hope that this power will come to him so that he can work for them.
The two offices were inaugurated by Earnest Mawrie, President of the BJP in Meghalaya.
Perhaps the people will not be disappointed if the government implements the strict rules from now on to avoid the curfew if the number of infected people increases.
Referring to Amit Shah's statement that the Meghalaya Government is the most corrupt, Bah Tynsong asked them why they are talking now and why they didn't talk since then. “They promised to withdraw their support but they didn't do much, these are the issues they did just to get benefits for the elections, the people know how to do, and everything will become clear on October 2, 2023," he said.
Then clean and dry the whole body and put it in a cool place.
Jowai, July 12: A meeting was held at the office of the District Social Welfare Officer, West Jaintia Hills District for the three Rehabilitation Workers of Amlarem, Thadlaskeiñ and Laskeiñ C&RD Block. On the 10th, they discussed many issues related to the voting of people with disabilities in the upcoming MLA elections.
The demand for the construction of the C&RD Block has started since 2013 and the village has donated land for the construction of the office on 18.48 acres and has already signed a soskular with the West District Administration. Jaintia Hills.
North Liberty Higher Secondary School (NLHSS) has won the title of overall champion of the District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2024 after winning 14 gold, 12 silver and 4 bronze medals. The final will be held on the 3rd of June at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The KSU has urged Bah Pynshngain Syiem, CEM and the EC of KHADC not to issue NOC for this road as it will be a threat to the future.
On the other hand, the Minister of State and Spokesperson of the Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Thursday told the media that the Government has prepared immediately after receiving the news that there is a from Meghalaya to Sikkim.
He said the PDF will cooperate with the Government for the development of the State.
Professor Tanaka, a Japanese who knows well about these varieties, says that all these varieties first grew in Assam, or in the War region of Khasi and Jaintia, and from there they spread throughout the country. earth.
One person has died in East Khasi Hills.
It is also forbidden for those who are Tang Jait where the father is Nongrum, the children should not be given 'Khar Nongrum'
Now the team selected to represent India will have to compete against other countries in major competitions and this will also be an important step for the participants to prepare well for the to qualify for the Olympic Games.
Many people claim that this is a plot to destroy Christianity.
Special songs were performed by Bah P.Syiemlieh, Ilawanrihun Lyngdoh and Dasming Lyngkhoi.
The three states with the highest number of cases are Tamil Nadu with 33,764, Kerala with 28,798, Karnataka with 26,811, Maharashtra with 24,752 and Andhra Pradesh with 18,2
Shillong: The Congress party leaders on Friday held a meeting to direct the party workers to strengthen the party ahead of the Lok Sabha elections. The party has already announced the names of the incumbent MPs from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency Vincent H Pala and Saleng A Sangma from Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
On the other hand, the Senior Leader of the party, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, said that the party is fortunate to be able to honor the sacrifice of the Syiem 186 years ago.
Rajulal Gurjar was talking to someone on his mobile phone while he was feeding electricity when the battery exploded, injuring his chest and hand.
Jowai Traffic Police have imposed a No Entry ban on both sides of the road from Thomas Jones Synod College to Dulong College Road.
Some of these employees receive salaries from the central government but do not receive them as directed and regulated by the central government.
Assam police used a lyer satkhmat to shoot at the crowd, which was large in the area, who bombed the couple.
Number one, you understand, our District Councils are facing financial difficulties.
“The party will continue to support the schools in the district as much as possible because the party understands that only if we have education can we fight against the destruction of the nation,” he said.
One of them has received Distinction in Khasi subject and the other has received four Distinctions.
After careful consideration of these comments and views, the Committee recommended a two-pronged approach to lead to the simultaneous election.
“If the two HSPDP MLAs do not act in such a way, we dare to say that the desire for a Khasi Prime Minister will succeed but because of their actions, even the MLA himself will flee with them. “The government should be led by the NPP, therefore our struggle is for this reason,” he said.
The Minister also informed that in terms of government jobs, 3000 jobs have been recruited in the last three years.
The celebration was attended by Samla Evarist Myrsing, one of the youth leaders of Ri Bhoi District as the chief guest. school, parents and including the elders of Umkra village.
The Seng has also elected leaders including L. Khyriem, S. Bareh, J. Roy, BM Shulai, N Rymbai, Katsing Challam, Kistibin Rymbai, Dr D Pyrbot. , Span Suchiang (Raliang Doloi), Dr. KR Tariang and others.
We don't know how thorough the research on domestic violence and hunger is that led this great thinker to change this system by giving names on the ration cards from father to mother.
Former Minister of State, Manas Chaudhuri was also present as the chief guest, principals of various colleges and parents.
Shillong, Naitung 03 : The final of the DSO Subroto Mukherjee Cup has been reached.
The shortcomings in these health centres, were discovered on the day of the inspection by Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati. maintenance and renovation of these hospitals.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, Dr. Tuliram Ronghang inaugurated the Karbi Hemtun ( Guest House) and laid the foundation stone for the construction of a Karbi hostel with a capacity of about 100 beds.
The State Government has appointed this committee to expedite the work of including the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
All clubs, schools, colleges and others in West Jaintia Hills District are invited to participate in this tournament which will be held in November and December. .
After the small meeting, the students and teachers walked around the village to shout about the importance of cleanliness by carrying placards with slogans on the importance of cleanliness.
Therefore, the Seng urges the authorities to provide immediate assistance to the family of the victim and the Seng also urges the leaders of the area especially the MLA and MDC. At the same time, the Seng will continue to monitor this issue until they get their rights.
This unilateral action of the Assam government has caused strong opposition from the residents of Labang-Nongphyllut and Pangam-raliang.
During his visit, the MLA of Rambrai also donated food items to the 25 residents of Malchapara along with a donation of money as part of the encouragement and comfort to them. Secretary and Minister of the Nonglang Hima.
Earlier, former Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Kamal Nath had announced that up to 70 per cent of the state's residents would be employed in all factories.
Only online applications will be accepted.
The Secretary of the School Managing Committee, Bah S Laloo said that the school was established in 1987 as Lower Primary School and in 1996 as Upper Primary School. In 2024, you will be promoted to Higher Secondary School and in 2015, you will be promoted to Secondary School.
In his speech, Mawrie expressed his concern over the closure of the Ministry of Sports and urged the leaders of the Indian government to take action to ensure that the line of work is reopened.
He said that the KSU has talked about the shortage of fuel for the residents of Nongthymmai area and on this issue he said that the DC has promised that those who have not yet registered will be registered. through the Dorbar Shnongs and those who do not have the ballot paper shall be excluded.
“Why should we fight only against foreign insurgents, we should also fight against insurgents inside the country,” said Dr Sangma. They are in Assam.
He also spoke about the Digital India campaign and India's rise to the third largest economy with 10 lakh start-ups.
New Delhi: After Amit Shah, India's Prime Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has tested positive for the corona virus.
On the first day, 86 male and female dancers came to participate.
He also comes from a poor family, where his parents are only day and night workers, poor and uneducated.
In the second leg of the semi-final between Lamare and United SC Kolkata, it was a very interesting match as both the teams played well, but in the middle of the match Lamare SC in the 27th minute through Donbor Nongkynrih scored the first goal for United SC Kolkata. they didn't cut the step.
In the meeting with the Minister, the Chiefs urged to fulfill these promises that the Chiefs according to the Dulir should have their own Assembly or Council in which the leaders will be equal. The Minister was informed that the Khasi States are non-partisan or non-party governments.
The different kurs in this village include the Rymbai (the largest), the Makri (the second largest) and the least numerous kurs are the Marpan, Makri, Marsharing, Shadap, Syngkli, Saring, Muktieh and Jyrwa. , Kharbithai, Thabah, Malngiang, Kharsahnoh and Diengdoh.
On the roads, he said the state has 9666 km of road length and the completion of the National Highway Two Lane Jowai Bypass under the SARDP-NE scheme, the two lane road Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura has been completed. up to 96 percent among others.
Darimitre Male.
“But I will decide what to do after consulting the lawyers.
Everyone was born in the same tribe as Mawrie.
MPUF President D Wanmi Laloo, while talking to reporters, said that the actions of the doctors and staff of the CHC Ummulong, have led to the death of the woman.
Some of the subjects have prepared three sets of questions and some have three sets.
Mobile phones of today even children know how to hold and play.
There are 285 BSF and other troops.
The increase in the fare will be T.5 and will apply only to those areas which are more remote, but inside Nongpoh it will be the same, for school children it will be half the price. .
There are 5 Post Graduate Engineering candidates from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 18 candidates remain unemployed till 31st November
“The relatives of Samborlang have come to meet me, but at present the Government has not been able to do anything because there is still the Model Code of Conduct of the Election Commission of India.
Forty types of rights activities will be available in this market.
In Jaintia Hills we have many scholars and intellectuals and if these scholars and intellectuals of the country try to gather information about the past of the Hima Bah Jaintia it is still easy to write a history about this Hima. HEH, Across the Border" which produced heroes and heroes, like Marphalangki, patriots and nationalists like Sajar Nangli, Kiang Nangbah and other heroes and patriots and I love the people of the Hima Bah Jaintia, the country which our ancestors bought with their precious blood for the future generations of the people.
“I think there may be those who misunderstand this, because it is not that the government has ended the IFAD project, but that the soskular has ended,” said Bah Suting.
The incident occurred three days after the Manipur Police announced a reward/buskit of up to T.50,000 to anyone who has been arrested. KIA/KIO leader Thangkhongam Haokip (40 years old) has been arrested.
Speaking at a public meeting at Polo Ground, Shillong, Dr Jemino said, “The Congress has He said that he doesn't have the intention to lead the party to Parliament because the party ends only in Khanapara but I ask this question, we have elected MPs from the Congress, I want to ask, For many years since the Congress won parliament, these are the works they have done for our nation and the state.
On the part of the Governor, he expressed his condolences and prayed for the eternal rest of the soul of the Archbishop.
Shillong, July 12: Suspected militants have detonated a bomb at Hawakhana, Tura in West Garo Hills district this evening, damaging two heavy vehicles parked at the site.
